by Jeff Strabone
One of the duties of the modern nation - state is persuasion .
Each state aims to keep its citizens convinced of the legitimacy of its rule .
The state may be run chiefly for the enrichment of a few at the cost of the many , but the endurance of the state is widely thought to depend on its ability to sell its rule to the many as a common - sense truism .
Or at least that was how it used to work .
We may be entering a new era in the evolution of the state , one where the state approaches a state of utter shamelessness .
Antonio Gramsci , in his prison notebooks , called this persuasive activity ' hegemony ' .
According to Gramsci , hegemony occludes the domination of the state and the classes whose interests it serves .
One does not have to be an Italian communist of the 1920s to see the usefulness of Gramsci 's groundbreaking insight .
Broadly speaking , all political actors pursue their agendas by trying to narrow other people 's imaginations in order to make desired outcomes seem common- sensical and undesired outcomes outside the ambit of reasonable thought .
It seems to me that over the past decade , in the United States , the state and a narrow circle of powerful interests — banks , energy companies , and private health insurers in particular — have simply given up trying to persuade the rest of us that their interests were our interests .
Could we be moving in the twenty - first century to a state that practices domination without hegemony ?
Or , to put it in plain English , will the state shamelessly turn itself completely over to serving the interests of a powerful few without bothering to pretend that it 's not ?
And if it does , how should we respond ?
I am not the only one asking these questions .
A recent book by Eva Cherniavsky of the University of Washington has helped me gather my own thoughts about this ongoing development .
In chapter two of her book Incorporations : Race , Nation , and the Body Politics of Capital ( 2006 ) , Cherniavsky , drawing on Gramsci , suggests that the United States is experiencing ' a return of sorts to a premodern state formation , characterized by the external imposition of force ' , a condition that she likens to colonial rule , where the rulers do n't care about the consent of the many .
Consider how closely Cherniavsky hits the mark in light of Bush and Cheney 's no-bid contracts given out in Iraq , the impossibility of considering single - payer health insurance under Obama , the unlikelihood of legislation designed to slow global warming , and the government 's inability to regulate Wall Street under Clinton , Bush , or Obama :
At issue , then , in the state 's contemporary practices is not only the disregard for something approximating the welfare of ' the people ' ( a regard that has always been partial and uneven at best , overwritten by the imperatives of property ) but also a dwindling concern with the crafting of a perceived public interest that the state can claim to secure .
The dubious fate of hegemony as a form of power is legible both in the exacerbated promotion of elite interests and ( what does not necessarily follow ) in the increasingly overt display of the state 's mercenary dedication to those interests .
Dubious fate of hegemony indeed .
No one in government or on Wall Street is even trying to sell us on the legitimacy of the financial sector 's wholesale robbery of the rest of us .
The New York Times for January 21 reported the following , not as part of a crime blotter but in its business section :
Despite the first annual loss in its 74 - year history , Morgan Stanley earmarked 62 cents of every dollar of revenue for compensation , an astonishing figure , even by the gilded standards of Wall Street .
In all , the bank set aside $ 14.4 billion for salaries and bonuses .
This from a bank bailed out by the state .
J.M. Coetzee treats the shamelessness of the state in the U.S. and Australia in his 2007 novel Diary of a Bad Year ( 2007 ) .
Señor C , the novel 's protagonist , imagines a politically charged performance that gives new meaning to the term ' Theatre of Cruelty ' :
Someone should put together a ballet under the title Guantanamo , Guantanamo !
A corps of prisoners , their ankles shackled together , thick felt mittens on their hands , muffs over their ears , black hoods over their heads , do the dances of the persecuted and desperate .
Around them , guards in olive - green uniforms prance with demonic energy and glee , cattle prods and billy - clubs at the ready .
They touch the prisoners with the prods and the prisoners leap ; they wrestle prisoners to the ground and shove the clubs up their anuses and the prisoners go into spasms .
In a corner , a man on stilts in a Donald Rumsfeld mask alternately writes at his lectern and dances ecstatic little jigs .
One day it will be done , though not by me .
It may even be a hit in London and Berlin and New York .
It will have absolutely no effect on the people it targets , who could not care less what ballet audiences think of them .
I confess to being excited by the prospect of such a ballet as I read the first paragraph .
When I reached the end of the second , I knew how right Señor C was and how delusional the admonition to ' Speak truth to power ' really is : when power is exercised shamelessly , it has no need for truth .
Similarly - themed art in the real world fares no better than Coetzee 's imaginary Guantánamo ballet even when it works , as Jenny Holzer 's Redaction Paintings series shows .
Amazon 's product description of the catalogue is spot - on yet cannot help but sound like a satire of the New York art world :
This elegant clothbound monograph gathers the most recent work by the seminal language - based installation artist , Jenny Holzer .
Presented to great acclaim at New York 's Cheim & Read gallery this past summer , the work consists of enlarged , colorized silkscreen “ paintings ” of declassified and oftentimes heavily censored American military and intelligence documents that have recently been made available to the public through the Freedom of Information Act .
Beautiful in their own right , the works are also haunting reminders of what really goes on behind the scenes in the American military / political power system .
Documents address counter - terrorism , prisoner abuse , and even the threat of Osama Bin Laden .
Some of the documents are almost completely inked out , like Colin Powell 's memo on Defense Intelligence Agency reorganization .
Others are spotty enough to allow readers to try to fill in the blanks .
As Roberta Smith wrote in the New York Times , these are ' the hardest - hitting , least hypothetical texts of Holzer 's career . '
I deeply admired these works when I saw them at Cheim & Reid in Chelsea in 2006 and again at the Whitney in 2009 , but I do not know what depressed me more : being reminded of the shameless deeds of the Bush era or feeling the political powerlessness of politically powerful art .
Torture , of course , is nothing new .
The United States has been implicated in torture before , most famously in Central America in the 1980s .
See , for instance , the article on torture in Honduras by James LeMoyne in the New York Times Magazine for June 5 , 1988 .
But until recently , torture was always part of covert operations .
The people who ordered the operations felt they had something to hide .
What torture and corporate kleptocracy have in common in the twenty - first century is the lack of shame that characterizes the responsible parties .
What happens when the state and the most powerful corporate interests forgo any illusion ?
I think we 're about to find out .
The truth is that there is no necessary narrative outcome .
People may get depressed , shrug in apathy , or start a revolution .
One thing I will predict with confidence is that the shamelessness will endure .
It is our response that is in question .
Last week 's decision by the U.S. Supreme Court in Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission confirms that shamelessness is on the march .
The decision was a shameless unleashing of further shamelessness : by a majority of five to four , the justices ruled that there can be no limits on the amount of money that corporations spend trying to influence the outcomes of local and national elections .
The majority reached this decision by finding that corporate money is somehow a form of speech protected by the First Amendment to the Constitution .
I note for the record that no other country in the world treats it as such .
The Court was wrong in perpetuating the lie that corporations are individuals for the simple reason that corporations are incapable of feeling shame .
There is an automaticness to what modern corporations do .
If competitors are engaging in high - risk , ( temporarily ) high - reward activities , then they must do the same in order to remain competitive .
That is the inexorable logic of capitalism , especially as practiced by corporations whose directors are unaccountable to the shareholder - owners .
So what are we to do in the face of such shameless grabbing and wielding of state and corporate power ?
The first thing is to see the problem clearly .
There can be no more appeals to power to do what is right in the name of reason or decency or morality .
Let no one say , as so many do today , that Wall Street ' does n't get it ' or that the coal industry ' does n't get it ' .
People who say that the powerful do n't get it are the ones who do n't get it .
Wall Street does what it does because it cannot behave otherwise .
We are the ones who must change .
Although the logic of corporate capitalism is inexorable , our story is not .
Recent actions ( and inactions ) by President Obama have left me confused as to his convictions and his abilities .
But if — and it can seem like a mighty big if these days — the state can still be put to work for the betterment of the many , rather than just the few at the expense of the many , it wo n't happen because the guy in the White House is well - intentioned or not .
It may happen if progressives become as entrepreneurially ruthless as the forces arrayed against them .
That means not counting on sixty — oops , fifty - nine — Democratic U.S. Senators to pass a watered - down health care reform bill that will drive millions more people to buy insurance from the same corporations who cheat us now .
If a majority of the national legislature is no longer sufficient to pass legislation , if winning elections no longer means anything , if corporations are going to rob shareholders and taxpayers alike and then spend billions more to influence elections , then it 's time to rethink tactics .
It may require civil disobedience on a mass scale to stop business as usual .
Why is it that people who lose their jobs sometimes return to shoot their bosses and co-workers , yet people sentenced to die by insurance companies do n't even picket corporate headquarters ?
( No , I am not advocating shooting . )
You can't win a war if you do n't show up to fight , and that goes for class war as well .
We will all need to think further about how to achieve change when politics no longer works , if in fact that is the impasse we have reached .
But , when the powerful become so powerful that they no longer need to care what anyone else thinks of their exercises of power , the first step is to put shame aside , see the situation for what it is , and think of what other tactics are available .
If the powerful can take our acquiescence so deeply for granted , then we need to figure out how to make them afraid of the restive masses once again .
Here then is the answer to the question implicitly posed at the beginning : when shame no longer works , the next step is fear .
To boldly go where no one has gone before , one group of scientists did n't have to venture into space .
They found a lost world right here on Earth .
" It really was like crossing some sort of time warp into a place that people had n't been to , " said Bruce Beehler of the wildlife expedition he co-led in December into the isolated Foja Mountains on the tropical South Pacific island of New Guinea .
During a 15 - day stay at a camp they had cut out of the jungle , the conservationists found a trove of animals never before documented , from a new species of the honeyeater bird to more than 20 new species of frogs .
" We were like kids in a candy store , " said Beehler , a bird expert with Conservation International in Washington , D.C. " Everywhere we looked we saw amazing things we had never seen before . "
( Read : Birds on Islands Are Losing the Ability to Fly . )
Boggy Lakebed
The team spent nearly a month in the Foja Mountains on the western side of New Guinea , the part belonging to Indonesia .
They used the lowland village of Kwerba ( population : 200 ) as a base from which to survey area wildlife and plants .
From Kwerba , one part of the team ventured by foot up the mountains .
Another group helicoptered to a boggy lakebed near the range 's high point .
Within minutes of landing , the scientists encountered a bizarre , orange - faced honeyeater bird .
It proved to be a new bird species , the first discovered in New Guinea since 1939 .
On the second day the lakebed group made another suprising find when a male and female Berlepsch 's six - wired bird of paradise came into the camp to perform a mating dance .
Until now the homeland of this " lost " bird had been unknown .
It was the first time Western scientists had even seen an adult male .
" We had forgotten it even existed , " Beehler said .
Conservation International , the Indonesian Institute of Sciences , and the National Geographic Society funded the expedition .
( National Geographic News is part of the National Geographic Society . )
The 12 - person team included U.S. , Australian , and Indonesian scientists .
Tree Kangaroo
The local Kwerba people aided the researchers .
Traditionally considered the owners of the Foja Mountains , the Kwerba hunt game and collect herbs and medicines from the fringes of the pristine forest .
Giant crowned pigeons , small wallaby kangaroos , cassowary birds , tree kangaroos , and wild boars are abundant within an hour 's walk of the village .
The Kwerba told the expedition members the locals had never ventured farther into the forest .
Walking from the Kwerba village to the mountain camp , the Kwerba said , would take about ten days .
" This is an area where there is apparently no evidence of humans , " Beehler said .
The Foja Mountains , however , are not entirely undiscovered .
In the 1970s scientist Jared Diamond — now famous for his best seller Guns , Germs , and Steel — became the first Westerner to penetrate the Foja range .
He did not , though , visit the same area as Beehler 's group .
" He set the stage for all the work we did and gave us a lot of hints as to what we should look for , " Beehler said .
Beehler and his team located a series of display bowers — chambers or passages built by males to attract mates — of the golden - fronted bowerbird .
Though Diamond had discovered the species , Beehler 's team took the first photographs of the bird .
Another highlight of the expedition was the discovery of a population of the golden - mantled tree kangaroo .
It was the first record of this species in Indonesia .
Meanwhile , reptile experts documented 60 different kinds of frogs , including more than 20 new species .
Perhaps the most exciting discovery was a tiny frog less than 14 millimeters ( 0.6 inch ) long .
The animal that was detected only when it produced a soft call from among leaves on the steepest part of the forest floor .
" The sheer diversity of frogs and the number of species never before seen by Western scientists demonstrates just how poorly the frog fauna of the Foja Mountains , and indeed of the island of New Guinea , has been documented , " said Steve Richards , the expedition co-leader .
A botanical team collected more than 550 plant species , including at least five previously unknown woody plant species .
Entomologists encountered more than 150 insect species , including four new ones .
Virgin Territory
In the Foja Mountains there are more than 740,000 acres ( 300,000 hectares ) of old - growth tropical forest that are apparently never visited by humans .
" This virgin territory has not been impacted by humans , " so plant and animal species are at natural population levels , Beehler said .
There is no immediate conservation threat to the region , which was designated a wildlife sanctuary by the Indonesian government more than two decades ago .
Our post this week on the lament of the ant fighters brought some interesting suggestions — lots and lots of cloves , for instance — and a reminder from the county agricultural commissioner that red imported fire ants are here and causing trouble .
They are aggressive , their sting hurts and they are currently found in portions of Long Beach , the areas bordering Orange County and up into Industry and Diamond Bar .
If you see any , the county wants to know about it :
If RIFA were allowed to spread unchecked it could lead to an increase in public health issues , such as sting injuries .
We do n't want this invasive insect to make itself at home in Los Angeles County .
The hard part is finding the ant colonies .
RIFA are distinguished from other ants by the multiple sizes of colony members , ranging from one - sixteenth to one - fourth inch .
They are reddish - brown in color ; require moisture , and prefer open , sunny turf areas .
RIFA often build distinctive mounds in landscaped areas ( possible to 18 inches wide ) , which appear as small piles of fine soil with small holes ( no single entrance ) .
Red Imported Fire
Ants are known for their quick , fierce response to any disturbance of their nest .
Each ant can sting numerous times , injecting venom that feels like a poke with a hot needle .
Each sting will hurt for about an hour , and forms a blister - like sore filled with fluid .
Contact info is after the jump .
By Jason Palmer
Science and technology reporter , BBC News
The disorder is prevalent among those exposed to life - threatening situations A one - minute test appears to diagnose post - traumatic stress disorder with an accuracy of 90 % .
The test measures the tiny magnetic fluctuations that occur as groups of neurons fire in synchrony , even when subjects are not thinking of anything .
These " synchronous neural interactions " have already been shown to distinguish signals from subjects with a range of disorders including Alzheimer's .
The latest work is reported in the Journal of Neural Engineering .
The brain 's signals are effectively a symphony of electrical impulses , which in turn drive tiny magnetic fields .
Researchers have measured and mapped these fields , in a pursuit known as magnetoencephalography , since the late 1960s .
It has already been used to diagnose tinnitus , and can even predict when people will make mistakes .
Apostolos Georgopoulos , at the University of Minnesota in the US , developed the synchronous neural interactions ( SNI ) approach as a means to mathematically untangle the myriad signals that magnetoencephalography produces .
In 2007 , he led a group that showed that SNI signals can distinguish between subjects with multiple sclerosis , Alzheimer 's disease , schizophrenia , Sjögren 's syndrome , and chronic alcoholism .
One to watch Professor Georgopoulos and his colleagues have now used the approach to assess its accuracy in diagnosing post - traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) .
The team recruited 74 military veterans who had already been diagnosed with PTSD alongside 250 members of the public .
The strength here is that it can be done very rapidly and objectively
Rajendra Morey
Duke University
The subjects were asked simply to stare at a dot for up to a minute while the magnetic signals were collected - a measure of the brain " at rest " .
This is in contrast to preliminary results reported in 2009 that functional magnetic resonance imaging , or fMRI , may be useful in diagnosing post - traumatic stress disorder .
In that work , subjects were exposed to images of combat situations .
The SNI approach proved 90 % accurate in discerning which subjects had PTSD .
" The excellent results obtained offer major promise for the usefulness of the SNI test for differential diagnosis , " the team wrote , " as well as for monitoring disease progression and for evaluating the effects of psychological and / or drug treatment . "
Dr Neil Greenberg , a researcher in military psychiatry at King 's College London , expressed doubt that a clinical test of this sort solves the principal challenge in diagnosis .
" The main challenge with PTSD - with the military , emergency services , or journalists - is n't diagnosing it , " he told BBC News .
" It 's with getting people who might have the condition to come forward and have an assessment and treatment .
The approach teases out signals from neurons firing together " If someone could go out and point a device at a hundred people and tell which of them would actually benefit from treatment but are n't going to come forward and get help , that would be useful . "
He added that , in current practice , a treatment programme would in any case be decided through the same lengthy behavioural questionnaires that are used to diagnose the disorder .
Rajendra Morey of Duke University , a researcher into the neurological basis of PTSD and other disorders , said that such reluctance to come forward is endemic across medicine , adding that the SNI approach " has a lot of merit " in the formal study of brain disorders .
" We already have behavioural measures to diagnose PTSD , but I think the strength here is that it can be done very rapidly and objectively , " he told BBC News .
" The sort of stigma that PTSD is some kind of weakness may be overcome to some extent by establishing , by further confirming , that it 's really changes in the brain and that we have objective measures of these changes .
" I think it 's something that the scientific community , especially in PTSD and mental health research , will watch closely . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
What is becoming ever more clear as this year rattles to an end is that the west has no idea how to handle China .
Since the relationship of the People 's Republic will be a key factor in the year ( and many more years ) ahead , that makes this a core question for the Obama administration and Europe – and , closer to the mainland , for India and Japan as well .
But there still seems to be an almost childish reluctance in the west to accept China for what it is , whatever one may think of what it is .
It might be nice if China was more like us , but it is n't going to be .
Expecting it to fit into the paradigm set by the west is not only futile but positively dangerous .
The sooner governments start to work out a meaningful China policy rather than depending on wishful thinking , the better .
It would make a good New year 's resolution .
But I 'm not holding my breath .
The sad case of Akmal Shaikh , the London man executed in China on drug smuggling charges provides the latest example of how little the conventional approach to China on decent humanitarian grounds yields , just as concern abroad about the fate of Charter 08 dissident Liu Xiaobo did nothing to prevent him being sentenced to 11 years in jail on Christmas Day .
China has reacted indignantly to the protests about Shaikh .
The argument that China has made a mockery of justice has been made on Cif by Clive Stafford Smith .
Less convincingly , we have had the descant of a reminder of the opium wars , as if Shaikh was a reincarnation of the East India Company , and relativists trotting out the tired old fallacy that human rights abuses in the west and executions in the US disbar us from protesting at the way the trial was conducted .
Behind this froth , what is plain is that China has once again asserted its determination to protect its own sovereignty whatever the issue , and is intent on doing things its way .
Given its economic progress in the past three decades and the immediate effect of its huge pump - priming over the past 12 months in restoring growth ( even if the second half of next year may prove more problematic ) , the leadership and the population feel pretty good about themselves .
They are in no mood to take lessons , moral or otherwise , from the west .
In this context , the Shaikh case fits into a string of scratchy non-meetings of mind between China and the west over the last couple of months .
First there has been the long - running issue of the under-valuation of the Chinese currency .
The case for appreciation of the yuan is undeniable .
Equally undeniable is that Beijing is going to do no such thing until its exports rise back to their pre-crisis levels .
Even then it has large amount of excess capacity to keep employed , and tens of millions of workers to provide jobs for when the current infrastructure programme starts to come to an end in the second half of 2010 .
So , however well - founded the arguments put it by the treasury department in Washington or the European Central Bank , the leadership stands firm .
Then we had the spectacle of Obama 's visit to China , during which his " town hall " meeting in Shanghai was transmitted only by one local television station , and during which the Chinese arranged a programme for him that was heavy on tourism .
Yes , it ended with a lengthy list of general agreements to co-operate and assurances that the basis was being laid for long - term relationship .
But the beef was missing , and US briefings that the two sides had reached meaningful agreement on climate change were swiftly blown apart by the fiasco of Copenhagen .
That conference showed just how western leaders are for understanding how China really works .
The idea that , by crashing the meeting of major emerging economies , Obama could reach a last - minute deal with the Chinese prime minister to save the planet would have been laughable if it had not been tragic .
Did the US president really think Wen Jiabao had any wriggle room to succumb to his charm and reason ?
Did he imagine that the prime minister would suddenly jettison 60 years of suspicion of the outside world to allow independent monitoring ?
Mark Lynas 's much - remarked piece in the Guardian puts the blame squarely on Beijing , but takes no account of how the Chinese system actually operates , seemingly imagining it runs on western lines .
The Chinese position would have been set out in advance and approved by the standing committee of the politburo .
Wen could not deviate from that , even if he had been minded to do so .
He may be prime minister but he ranks third in the standing committee and moves carefully .
On such a crucial issue , he would be able to do absolutely nothing that might be seen as jeopardising the domestic economy ; China accords importance to the environment but a good deal more to growth .
In addition , several key Chinese leaders were out of Beijing at the time and this is a leadership that likes to have everybody in the room when decisions are made and does n't believe in long - range teleconferences .
So it is safe to assume that China was not in negotiating mode , and that , unless Beijing was being set up as the fall guy , Obama , Brown , Miliband et al should have know this , and negotiated accordingly .
The same goes for the currency , human rights and , unfortunately for him , for Shaikh .
It is also likely to be the case if trade disputes swell next year , as one must anticipate .
That leads to an underlying element which , again , seems insufficiently appreciated by western governments .
General Secretary Hu and Wen operate by consensus .
They are careful bureaucrats who do not command an automatic majority in the nine - man standing committee .
Gone are the days of Mao getting out of bed one afternoon and deciding on a major policy initiative or of Deng Xiaoping imposing himself on those who nominally held positions superior to him .
That is , in a way , healthy , but it means inflexibility at the top .
Hu and Wen have to deal with factions , lobbies and powerful state companies .
For all the liberation of the goods market , the economy is still tightly controlled in key input areas , buttressing the power of entrenched interests .
The Communist party knows it needs to reform itself but is terrified of the effect of doing so .
All that is a recipe for caution .
Not for the kind of reasoned flexibility and give - and - take which the west likes to make the basis for relationships between nations ( however fallible this proves in practice ) .
Repeating mantras about the need to revalue the yuan , respect human rights , join in independent monitoring or accept emission targets which would threaten the growth that provides the regime 's prime legitimacy may be necessary for the west 's own self - respect and defence of its own values .
But the chances of getting results is razor - thin until a new policy context is evolved .
The genetic mapping of a tiny , venomous parasitic wasp could lead to chemical - free pest control and provide insights into how the environment contributes to human disease .
The claim is made by a group of 157 scientists from around the world , who took four years to sequence the genetic map of three species of the Nasonia wasp .
They also say the sequencing shows Nasonia has potential to become a model genetic system for understanding evolutionary and developmental genetics .
In today 's Science journal , the team , including Australian researchers , show some of the key genes involved in making the wasp such an effective killer .
Parasitoids such as the Nasonia wasp inject venom into their prey , then lay eggs on or inside the host , which is then eaten and eventually killed by the developing young .
Pest control
" There are over 600,000 species of these amazing critters , and we owe them a lot .
If it were n't for parasitoids and other natural enemies , we would be knee - deep in pest insects , " says Nasonia Genome Working Group team leader Professor John Werren , of the University of Rochester in New York .
Parasitoid wasps are like " smart bombs " that seek out and kill only specific kinds of insects , says Werren .
" Therefore , if we can harness their full potential , they would be vastly preferable to chemical pesticides , which broadly kill or poison many organisms in the environment , including us . "
Professor Ryszard Maleszka of the Research School of Biology at the Australian National University , says the research is likely to be used to develop non-chemical pest controls .
Changing gene behaviour
Maleszka 's team looked at the genes involved in DNA methylation , or how gene behaviour is changed by environmental factors .
He says in honey bees DNA methylation tells the genes whether to produce a highly fertile queen or a sterile worker , based on nutrition .
In the Nasonia wasp , Maleszka believes methylation is used more for controlling development and deciding how development should proceed , but he says more analysis needs to be done following the sequencing .
He says understanding the interaction between environment and genes , known as epigenetics , is important in understanding human diseases .
" By understanding more about how methylation works in a relatively simple creature like Nasonia wasps , we can learn more about how it works in humans , where the process is turning out to be important in a range of conditions such as cancer , obesity and mental illness , " says Maleszka .
His laboratory also looked at the gene family known as ' yellow - like ' or ' major royal jelly ' proteins , which play a role in immunity and development .
In honey bees they also determine the caste .
Maleszka says the Nasonia genome has 26 of these genes , the largest number yet known in an insect population .
TEA PARTY TAKEOVER ….
The inmates are eyeing new ways to seize control of the asylum .
The Tea Party movement ignited a year ago , fueled by anti-establishment anger .
Now , Tea Party activists are trying to take over the establishment , ground up .
Across the country , they are signing up to be Republican precinct leaders , a position so low - level that it often remains vacant , but which comes with the ability to vote for the party executives who endorse candidates , approve platforms and decide where the party spends money .
A new group called the National Precinct Alliance says it has a coordinator in nearly every state to recruit Tea Party activists to fill the positions and has already swelled the number of like - minded members in Republican Party committees in Arizona and Nevada .
Its mantra is this : take the precinct , take the state , take the party — and force it to nominate conservatives rather than people they see as liberals in Republican clothing .
It ’s who these folks consider “ liberals in Republican clothing ” that ’s perhaps most striking .
Today ’s Republican establishment is , as far as this crowd is concerned , a bunch of sellouts .
Just as the Republican Party has become as far - right and stridently ideological as it ’s ever been , this still - fringe “ movement ” insists even conservatives are n’t conservative enough .
We ’re talking about a well - intentioned , passionate , and deeply confused group of people — the folks who believe Democrats are “ fascists , ” the president is Hitler , and programs like Social Security and Medicare are socialist , unconstitutional boondoggles that need to be abolished — who are now intent on dragging an already far - right party over the cliff .
There ’s nothing wrong with passionate citizens getting involved in the political process .
But the American mainstream may not appreciate the fact that uninformed crazies — who think death panels are real , but global warming is n’t — intend to take over the Republican infrastructure , more than they already have .
Under normal circumstances , the American mainstream would see this and be repelled in the other direction .
A Republican brand that was already in tatters after the extraordinary and spectacular failures of Bush , Cheney , DeLay , et al , would suffer in the eyes of the public as the right - wing fringe gained more influence .
But that ’s what makes 2010 dangerous — the mainstream does n’t realize the radical nature of the Tea Party “ movement ” ; Democratic voters feel underwhelmed by the pace of progress ; and the electorate may very well reward radicalization .
The consequences of the rise of nihilists are hard to predict , but the possibilities are chilling .
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
January 12th , 2010
How many FEMA regions are there ?
You guessed it : 10 .
Now , from the text of the executive order , “ The Council shall consist of 10 State Governors appointed by the President . ”
Here are some other interesting bits :
Sec. 2 . Functions .
The Council shall meet at the call of the Secretary of Defense or the Co-Chairs of the Council to exchange views , information , or advice with the Secretary of Defense ; the Secretary of Homeland Security ; the Assistant to the President for Homeland Security and Counterterrorism ; the Assistant to the President for Intergovernmental Affairs and Public Engagement ; the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Homeland Defense and Americas ’ Security Affairs ; the Commander , United States Northern Command ; the Chief , National Guard Bureau ; the Commandant of the Coast Guard ; and other appropriate officials of the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of Defense , and appropriate officials of other executive departments or agencies as may be designated by the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of Homeland Security .
Such views , information , or advice shall concern :
( a ) matters involving the National Guard of the various States ;
( b ) homeland defense ;
( c ) civil support ;
( d ) synchronization and integration of State and Federal military activities in the United States ; and
( e ) other matters of mutual interest pertaining to National Guard , homeland defense , and civil support activities .
Via : whitehouse.gov :
The White House
Office of the Press Secretary
For Immediate Release
January 11 , 2010
President Obama Signs Executive Order Establishing Council of Governors
Executive Order will Strengthen Further Partnership Between the Federal and State and Local Governments to Better Protect Our Nation
The President today signed an Executive Order ( attached ) establishing a Council of Governors to strengthen further the partnership between the Federal Government and State Governments to protect our Nation against all types of hazards .
When appointed , the Council will be reviewing such matters as involving the National Guard of the various States ; homeland defense ; civil support ; synchronization and integration of State and Federal military activities in the United States ; and other matters of mutual interest pertaining to National Guard , homeland defense , and civil support activities .
The bipartisan Council will be composed of ten State Governors who will be selected by the President to serve two year terms .
In selecting the Governors to the Council , the White House will solicit input from Governors and Governors ’ associations .
Once chosen , the Council will have no more than five members from the same party and represent the Nation as a whole .
Federal members of the Council include the Secretary of Defense , the Secretary of Homeland Security , the Assistant to the President for Homeland Security and Counterterrorism , the Assistant to the President for Intergovernmental Affairs and Public Engagement , the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Homeland Defense and Americas ’ Security Affairs , the U.S. Northern Command Commander , the Commandant of the Coast Guard , and the Chief of the National Guard Bureau .
The Secretary of Defense will designate an Executive Director for the Council .
The Council of Governors will provide an invaluable Senior Administration forum for exchanging views with State and local officials on strengthening our National resilience and the homeland defense and civil support challenges facing our Nation today and in the future .
The formation of the Council of Governors was required by the Fiscal Year 2008 National Defense Authorization
Act which stated , “ The President shall establish a bipartisan Council of Governors to advise the Secretary of Defense , the Secretary of Homeland Security , and the White House Homeland Security Council on matters related to the National Guard and civil support missions . ”
( NDAA FY2008 , Sec 1822 )
Posted in Dictatorship Top Of Page
Stop a 775 % Tax Increase on Pipe Tobacco !
H.R. 4439 , the Tobacco Tax Parity
Act of 2010 was introduced on January 13 , 2010 and would raise the tax on pipe tobacco 775 % from $ 2.8311 to $ 24.78 per pound .
As a service to the pipe smoking community and the industry of pipe makers and pipe tobacco producers we have set up a free service that will automatically send emails to your Senators and Congressmen .
In 15 seconds – Email Your Senators and Congressmen for FREE
Stop a 775 % Tax Increase on Pipe Tobacco !
– We have already typed the letter for you .
The system does everything .
Just enter your address , we find the right contacts and send them your opposition to the tax increase .
PipesMagazine Approved Sponsor
In 15 seconds – Email Your Senators and Congressmen for FREE
Stop a 775 % Tax Increase on Pipe Tobacco !
– You can add your own comments too !
In 15 seconds – Email Your Senators and Congressmen for FREE
Stop a 775 % Tax Increase on Pipe Tobacco !
– Really make an impact by having a real letter printed on paper and hand - delivered .
( This cost $ 3 per letter and is optional .
You are given the choice at the end . )
A tax increase of 775 % on anything is ludicrous .
This will kill many small businesses and an historical tradition .
Download the bill here
Tomgram : Engelhardt and Turse , The CIA Surges
The Shadow War
Making Sense of the New CIA Battlefield in Afghanistan
By Tom Engelhardt and Nick Turse
It was a Christmas and New Year ’s from hell for American intelligence , that $ 75 billion labyrinth of at least 16 major agencies and a handful of minor ones .
As the old year was preparing to be rung out , so were our intelligence agencies , which managed not to connect every obvious clue to a ( literally ) seat - of - the - pants al - Qaeda operation .
It hardly mattered that the underwear bomber ’s case -- except for the placement of the bomb material -- almost exactly , even outrageously , replicated the infamous , and equally inept , “ shoe bomber ” plot of eight years ago .
That would have been bad enough , but the New Year brought worse .
Army Major General Michael Flynn , U.S. and NATO forces deputy chief of staff for intelligence in Afghanistan , released a report in which he labeled military intelligence in the war zone -- but by implication U.S. intelligence operatives generally -- “ clueless . ”
They were , he wrote , " ignorant of local economics and landowners , hazy about who the powerbrokers are and how they might be influenced ... and disengaged from people in the best position to find answers ...
Eight years into the war in Afghanistan , the U.S. intelligence community is only marginally relevant to the overall strategy . "
As if to prove the general ’s point , Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al - Balawi , a Jordanian doctor with a penchant for writing inspirational essays on jihadi websites and an “ unproven asset ” for the CIA , somehow entered a key Agency forward operating base in Afghanistan unsearched , supposedly with information on al - Qaeda ’s leadership so crucial that a high - level CIA team was assembled to hear it and Washington was alerted .
He proved to be either a double or a triple agent and killed seven CIA operatives , one of whom was the base chief , by detonating a suicide vest bomb , while wounding yet more , including the Agency ’s number - two operative in the country .
The first suicide bomber to penetrate a U.S. base in Afghanistan , he blew a hole in the CIA ’s relatively small cadre of agents knowledgeable on al - Qaeda and the Taliban .
It was an intelligence disaster splayed all over the headlines : “ Taliban bomber wrecks CIA ’s shadowy war , ” “ Killings Rock Afghan Strategy , ” “ Suicide bomber who attacked CIA post was trusted informant from Jordan . ”
It seemed to sum up the hapless nature of America ’s intelligence operations as the CIA , with all the latest technology and every imaginable resource on hand , including the latest in Hellfire missile - armed drone aircraft , was out - thought and out - maneuvered by low - tech enemies .
No one could say that the deaths and the blow to the American war effort were n’t well covered .
There were major TV reports night after night and scores of news stories , many given front - page treatment .
And yet lurking behind those deaths and the man who caused them lay a bigger American war story that went largely untold .
It was a tale of a new - style battlefield that the American public knows remarkably little about , and that bears little relationship to the Afghan War as we imagine it or as our leaders generally discuss it .
We do n’t even have a language to describe it accurately .
Think of it as a battlefield filled with muscled - up , militarized intelligence operatives , hired - gun contractors doing military duty , and privatized “ native ” guard forces .
Add in robot assassins in the air 24/7 and kick - down - the - door - style night - time “ intelligence ” raids , “ surges ” you did n’t know were happening , strings of military bases you had no idea were out there , and secretive international collaborations you were unaware the U.S. was involved in .
In Afghanistan , the American military is only part of the story .
There ’s also a polyglot “ army ” representing the U.S. that wears no uniforms and fights shape - shifting enemies to the death in a murderous war of multiple assassinations and civilian slaughter , all enveloped in a blanket of secrecy .
Black Ops and Black Sites
Secrecy is , of course , a part of war .
The surprise attack is only a surprise if secrecy is maintained .
In wartime , crucial information must be kept from an enemy capable of using it .
But what if , as in our case , wartime never ends , while secrecy becomes endemic , as well as profitable and privitizable , and much of the information available to both sides on our shadowy new battlefield is mainly being kept from the American people ?
The coverage of the suicide attack on Forward Operating Base ( FOB ) Chapman offered a rare , very partial window into that strange war -- but only if you were willing to read piles of news reports looking for tiny bits of information that could be pieced together .
We did just that and here ’s what we found :
Let 's start with FOB Chapman , where the suicide bombing took place .
An old Soviet base near the Pakistani border , it was renamed after a Green Beret who fought beside CIA agents and was the first American to die in the invasion of Afghanistan in 2001 .
It sits in isolation near the town of Khost , just miles from the larger Camp Salerno , a forward operating base used mainly by U.S. Special Operations troops .
Occupied by the CIA since 2001 , Chapman is regularly described as “ small ” or “ tiny ” and , in one report , as having “ a forbidding network of barriers , barbed wire and watchtowers . ”
Though a State Department provisional reconstruction team has been stationed there ( as well as personnel from the U.S. Agency for International Development and the U.S. Department of Agriculture ) , and though it “ was officially a camp for civilians involved in reconstruction , ” FOB Chapman is “ well - known locally as a CIA base ” -- an “ open secret , ” as another report put it .
The base is guarded by Afghan irregulars , sometimes referred to in news reports as “ Afghan contractors , ” about whom we know next to nothing .
( “ CIA officials on Thursday would not discuss what guard service they had at the base . ” )
Despite the recent suicide bombing , according to Julian Barnes and Greg Miller of the Los Angeles Times , a “ program to hire Afghans to guard U.S. forward operating bases would not be canceled .
Under that program , which is beginning in eastern Afghanistan , Afghans will guard towers , patrol perimeter fences and man checkpoints . ”
Also on FOB Chapman were employees of the private security contractor Xe ( formerly Blackwater ) which has had a close relationship with the CIA in Afghanistan .
We know this because of reports that two of the dead “ CIA ” agents were Xe operatives .
Someone else of interest was at FOB Chapman and so at that fateful meeting with the Jordanian doctor al - Balawi -- Sharif Ali bin Zeid , a captain in the Jordanian intelligence service , the eighth person killed in the blast .
It turns out that al - Balawi was an agent of Jordanian intelligence , which held ( and abused ) torture suspects kidnapped and disappeared by the CIA in the years of George W. Bush ’s Global War on Terror .
The service reportedly continues to work closely with the Agency and the captain was evidently running al - Balawi .
That ’s what we now know about the polyglot group at FOB Chapman on the front lines of the Agency ’s black - ops war against al - Qaeda , the Taliban , and the allied fighters of the Haqqani network in nearby Pakistan .
If there were other participants , they were n’t among the bodies .
The Agency Surges
And here ’s something that ’s far clearer in the wake of the bombing : among our vast network of bases in Afghanistan , the CIA has its own designated bases -- as , by the way , do U.S. Special Operations forces , and according to Nation reporter Jeremy Scahill , even private contractor Xe .
Without better reporting on the subject , it ’s hard to get a picture of these bases , but Siobhan Gorman of the Wall Street Journal tells us that a typical CIA base houses no more than 15 - 20 Agency operatives ( which means that al - Balawi ’s explosion killed or wounded more than half of the team on FOB Chapman ) .
And do n’t imagine that we ’re only talking about a base or two .
In the single most substantive post - blast report on the CIA , Mark Mazzetti of the New York Times wrote that the Agency has “ an archipelago of firebases in southern and eastern Afghanistan , ” most built in the last year .
An archipelago ?
Imagine that .
And it ’s also reported that even more of them are in the works .
With this goes another bit of information that the Wall Street Journal seems to have been the first to drop into its reports .
While you ’ve heard about President Obama 's surge in American troops and possibly even State Department personnel in Afghanistan , you ’ve undoubtedly heard little or nothing about a CIA surge in the region , and yet the Journal ’s reporters tell us that Agency personnel will increase by 20 - 25 % in the surge months .
By the time the CIA is fully bulked up with all its agents , paramilitaries , and private contractors in place , Afghanistan will represent , according to Julian Barnes of the Los Angeles Times , one of the largest “ stations ” in Agency history .
This , in turn , implies other surges .
There will be a surge in base - building to house those agents , and a surge in “ native ” guards -- at least until another suicide bomber hits a base thanks to Taliban supporters among them or one of them turns a weapon on the occupants of a base -- and undoubtedly a surge in Blackwater - style mercenaries as well .
Keep in mind that the latest figure on private contractors suggests that 56,000 more of them will surge into Afghanistan in the next 18 months , far more than surging U.S. troops , State Department employees , and CIA operatives combined .
And do n’t forget the thousands of non-CIA “ uniformed and civilian intelligence personnel serving with the Defense Department and joint interagency operations in the country , ” who will undoubtedly surge as well .
Making War
The efforts of the CIA operatives at Forward Operating Base Chapman were reportedly focused on “ collecting information about militant networks in Afghanistan and Pakistan and plotting missions to kill the networks ’ top leaders , ” especially those in the Haqqani network in North Waziristan just across the Pakistani border .
They were evidently running “ informants ” into Pakistan to find targets for the Agency ’s ongoing drone assassination war .
These drone attacks in Pakistan have themselves been on an unparalleled surge course ever since Barack Obama entered office ; 44 to 50 ( or more ) have been launched in the last year , with civilian casualties running into the hundreds .
Like local Pashtuns , the Agency essentially does n’t recognize a border .
For them , the Afghan and Pakistani tribal borderlands are a single world .
In this way , as Paul Woodward of the website War in Context has pointed out , “ Two groups of combatants , neither of whom wear uniforms , are slugging it out on the Afghan - Pakistan border .
Each group has identified what it regards as high - value targets and each is using its own available means to hit these targets .
The Taliban / Qaeda are using suicide bombers while the CIA is using Hellfire missiles . ”
Since the devastating explosion at FOB Chapman , statements of vengeance have been coming out of CIA mouths -- of a kind that , when offered , by the Taliban or al - Qaeda , we consider typical of a backward , “ tribal ” society .
In any case , the secret war is evidently becoming a private and personal one .
Dr. al - Balawi ’s suicide attack essentially took out a major part of the Agency ’s targeting information system .
As one unnamed NATO official told the New York Times , “ These were not people who wrote things down in the computer or in notebooks .
It was all in their heads ... [ The C.I.A. is ] pulling in new people from all over the world , but how long will it take to rebuild the networks , to get up to speed ?
Lots of it is irrecoverable . ”
And the Agency was already generally known to be “ desperately short of personnel who speak the language or are knowledgeable about the region . ”
Nonetheless , drone attacks have suddenly escalated -- at least five in the week since the suicide bombing , all evidently aimed at “ an area believed to be a hideout for militants involved . ”
These sound like vengeance attacks and are likely to be particularly counterproductive .
To sum up , U.S. intelligence agents , having lost out to enemy “ intelligence agents , ” even after being transformed into full - time assassins , are now locked in a mortal struggle with an enemy for whom assassination is also a crucial tactic , but whose operatives seem to have better informants and better information .
In this war , drones are not the Agency ’s only weapon .
The CIA also seems to specialize in running highly controversial , kick - down - the - door “ night raids ” in conjunction with Afghan paramilitary forces .
Such raids , when launched by U.S. Special Operations forces , have led to highly publicized and heavily protested civilian casualties .
Sometimes , according to reports , the CIA actually conducts them in conjunction with Special Operations forces .
In a recent American - led night raid in Kunar Province , eight young students were , according to Afghan sources , detained , handcuffed , and executed .
The leadership of this raid has been attributed , euphemistically , to “ other government agencies ” ( OGAs ) or “ non-military Americans . ”
These raids , whether successful in the limited sense or not , do n’t fit comfortably with the Obama administration ’s “ hearts and minds ” counterinsurgency strategy .
The Militarization of the Agency
As the identities of some of the fallen CIA operatives at FOB Chapman became known , a pattern began to emerge .
There was 37 - year - old Harold Brown , Jr. , who formerly served in the Army .
There was Scott Roberson , a former Navy SEAL , who did several tours of duty in Iraq , where he provided protection to officials considered at high risk .
There was Jeremy Wise , 35 , an ex-Navy SEAL who left the military last year , signed up with Xe , and ended up working for the CIA .
Similarly , 46 - year - old Dane Paresi , a retired Special Forces master sergeant turned Xe hired gun , also died in the blast .
For years , Chalmers Johnson , himself a former CIA consultant , has referred to the Agency as “ the president ’s private army . ”
Today , that moniker seems truer than ever .
While the civilian CIA has always had a paramilitary component , known as the Special Activities Division , the unit was generally relatively small and dormant .
Instead , military personnel like the Army ’s Special Forces or indigenous troops carried out the majority of the CIA ’s combat missions .
After the 9/11 attacks , however , President Bush empowered the Agency to hunt down , kidnap , and assassinate suspected al - Qaeda operatives , and the CIA ’s traditional specialties of spycraft and intelligence analysis took a distinct backseat to Special Activities Division operations , as its agents set up a global gulag of ghost prisons , conducted interrogations - by - torture , and then added those missile - armed drone and assassination programs .
The military backgrounds of the fallen CIA operatives cast a light on the way the world of “ intelligence ” is increasingly muscling up and becoming militarized .
This past summer , when a former CIA official suggested the agency might be backing away from risky programs , a current official spat back from the shadows : “ If anyone thinks the CIA has gotten risk - averse recently , go ask al - Qaeda and the Taliban ...
The agency 's still doing cutting - edge stuff in all kinds of dangerous places . ”
At around the same time , reports were emerging that Blackwater / Xe was providing security , arming drones , and “ perform[ing ] some of the agency ’s most important assignments ” at secret bases in Pakistan and Afghanistan .
It also emerged that the CIA had paid contractors from Blackwater to take part in a covert assassination program in Afghanistan .
Add this all together and you have the grim face of “ intelligence ” at war in 2010 -- a new micro - brew when it comes to Washington ’s conflicts .
Today , in Afghanistan , a militarized mix of CIA operatives and ex-military mercenaries as well as native recruits and robot aircraft is fighting a war “ in the shadows ” ( as they used to say in the Cold War era ) .
This is no longer “ intelligence ” as anyone imagines it , nor is it “ military ” as military was once defined , not when U.S. operations have gone mercenary and native in such a big way .
This is pure “ lord of the flies ” stuff -- beyond oversight , beyond any law , including the laws of war .
And worse yet , from all available evidence , despite claims that the drone war is knocking off mid-level enemies , it seems remarkably ineffective .
All it may be doing is spreading the war farther and digging it in deeper .
Talk about “ counterinsurgency ” as much as you want , but this is another kind of battlefield , and “ protecting the people ” plays no part in it .
And of course , this is only what can be gleaned from afar about a semi-secret war that is being poorly reported .
Who knows what it costs when you include the U.S. hired guns , the Afghan contractors , the bases , the drones , and the rest of the personnel and infrastructure ?
Nor do we know what else , or who else , is involved , and what else is being done .
Clearly , however , all those billions of " intelligence " dollars are going into the blackest of black holes .
Tom Engelhardt , co-founder of the American Empire Project , runs the Nation Institute 's TomDispatch.com .
He is the author of The End of Victory Culture , a history of the Cold War and beyond , as well as of a novel , The Last Days of Publishing .
He also edited The World According to TomDispatch : America in the New Age of Empire ( Verso , 2008 ) , an alternative history of the mad Bush years .
Nick Turse is the associate editor of TomDispatch.com and the winner of a 2009 Ridenhour Prize for Reportorial Distinction as well as a James Aronson Award for Social Justice Journalism .
His work has appeared in the Los Angeles Times , the Nation , In These Times , and regularly at TomDispatch .
Turse is currently a fellow at New York University 's Center for the United States and the Cold War .
He is the author of The Complex : How the Military Invades Our Everyday Lives ( Metropolitan Books ) .
His website is NickTurse.com .
[ Note for Readers : Check out “ CIA Takes on Bigger and Riskier Role on Front Lines , ” the Mark Mazzetti piece in the New York Times mentioned above .
It ’s the only one we ’ve seen in the mainstream that has focused in a clear - eyed way on the militarization of the CIA .
In addition , we would especially like to recommend three websites that collect , sort , analyze , and frame the onslaught of fragmented news we get on our various wars in the Greater Middle East and Central and South Asia in a way that makes our job possible : Juan Cole ’s Informed Comment ( his analyses have been absolutely on fire of late ) , the invaluable Antiwar.com , including the useful daily summaries of war news provided by Jason Ditz , and War in Context , which has an eye for the key piece and sharp comment . ]
Copyright 2010 Tom Engelhardt and Nick Turse
The California Supreme Court today struck down the state 's limits on how much medical marijuana a patient can possess , concluding that the restrictions imposed by the Legislature were an unconstitutional amendment of a 1996 voter - approved initiative .
The decision means that patients and caregivers with a doctor 's recommendation to use marijuana can now possess as much as is " reasonably related to the patient 's current medical needs , " a standard that the court established in a 1997 decision .
" I 'm very pleased .
They gave us exactly what we wanted , " said Gerald F. Uelmen , a law professor at Santa Clara University who argued the case for Patrick K. Kelly , a medical marijuana patient from Lakewood who was convicted of possession and cultivation .
" This makes it very clear that all of the rights of patients under the Compassionate Use Act are fully preserved . "
The initiative did not limit the amount of marijuana that a patient could possess or cultivate other than to require it be " personal medical purposes . "
So you ’ve read Joel ’s posts about how 1 % of developers are 10 x as productive as the rest ; the superstar developers ; the only ones worth hiring .
You know you can program , that you ’re reasonably talented , but that ’s not enough .
You want to be 10 x as productive as everyone else in your company ?
You want to be the guru everyone else comes to when they ’ve got a problem , the guy who takes one glance and puts his finger on the problem right away ?
You can .
Just follow these 3 simple rules and within 12 months all this and more will be yours .
Rule 1 : Write lots of code .
Have to fix a small bug in an area someone else has written ?
Do n’t waste time trying to understand it or their motivations for writing it that way .
Just rewrite the lot as you think it ought to work .
Call it refactoring if anyone asks .
Rule 2 : Write your code quickly .
Touch lots of files , and include every one of them in the ChangeLog .
Do n’t worry about accidentally introducing hard - to - find bugs ; they ’ll actually help you later on , as long as they ’re actually hard to find .
Avoid introducing trivial bugs .
Rule 3 : Do n’t take time to document your code , or add little comments explaining potential pitfalls in modifying some of the less clear statements you ’ve introduced .
You do n’t need them , you wrote the code .
Dilligently following these three rules will make you the superstar in your team within 12 months .
Write them out and stick them up .
Not in the office !
Somewhere private .
Repeat them to yourself every day before you start work .
They may seem controversial , but trust me , everything has a deeper underlying reason .
How do I know this works ?
Because I ’ve done it myself and because I ’ve seen others do it .
Of course , I did n’t realise I was adhering to the Three Rules at the time – I was young and naive and thought I was just trying to do my best for the project .
It ’s only now , many years later , that I am able to reflect and draw upon the wisdom of the experience to share with you like this .
The 3 - Rule Programming Supremacy system is based on one technical principle and one social principle .
Technical Principle :
You ’re 10 x as productive when you ’re working on code you wrote as on code you did n’t write .
Everyone understands their own code best .
It ’s part memory , part convention – that is , everything follows your convention .
You expect a function to be called X and it is .
You look in class Y to find the functionality and of course it ’s there .
It ’s even at the bottom of the file , where you ’d have added it .
All these little things add up .
You do n’t need to worry so much about unintended side - effects when you modify something , because you remember the places that were somewhat risque and know instinctively where you would do careless things and where not .
In short : if you wrote the code , you have an almost perfect model of the code in your head , because that ’s what you used to write it .
Social Principle : Your programming ability is judged by how much code you write , how quickly you finsh features and fix critical bugs and how often your insights are necessary to solve problems .
These two principles define the problem space – or , as we shall call it – The Game .
You win The Game by improving your reputation to superstar guru levels .
To improve your reputation , you need to improve the speed with which you write code , fix bugs and help others .
The technical principle tells us how to achieve that – by working in our own code as much as possible .
Indeed , by converting as much of the project to our own code as possible .
The 3 - Rule System is a foolproof strategy for achieving that .
By following rule 1 , you will quickly get to know a large amount of the codebase .
Most importantly , you wo n’t waste time trying to understand other people ’s code , which is a difficult and time - consuming process .
By following rules 2 and 3 , you maximize your rate of code - conversion by avoiding the most time - consuming parts of writing good code .
It ’s vitally important that you are touching more code than the rest of the team combined .
There are also beneficial social aspects to working like this :
Benefit 1 : Everyone will see how quickly you ’re committing huge chunks of code and will start to respect you – especially your boss , who has no other metric to judge you on other than commit frequency and volume .
Benefit 2 : Although you ’ll introduce lots of new bugs like this , it ’ll be several months before they start showing up , by which time your reputation as an expert programmer will already be assured .
You can now profit a second time from them by fixing them faster than anyone else .
Your colleagues will take 10 x longer than you to track each one down .
Increasingly , they ’ll ask you for advice or help because you wrote that bit of code .
Be friendly , humble , happy to help .
You ’ll spot the bugs very quickly .
Your guru reputation will grow day by day .
You can view the process as analagous to a real - time strategy game .
The world map is your project ’s codebase .
The regions you wrote are generating you resources ; the regions owned by others are generating them resources .
Your resource , here , is programming efficiency , as you ’re 10 x as productive when dealing with your own code as with someone else ’s .
Being seen to be 10 x as productive gains you reputation , which is the point - scoring mechanism in The Game .
Clearly if you own very little code , you are n’t going to be gaining much reputation because most of the time you ’ll be working with other people ’s code at the same rate as anyone else would .
Time to change that .
Rule 1 is the basis for your economy .
You become a superstar by owning more code in the project than anyone else .
You invest in your economy by writing new code , or converting existing code to your own , because every area of code you own generates you productivity and reputation .
Rule 2 is aggressive .
Expand into other people ’s areas and modify their code to make sense to you .
Let people see that you ’re touching a lot of code – it is good for your reputation .
However , you have to be careful when going on the attack .
Rewriting code carries a certain reputation penalty , but more about that later .
Rule 3 is defensive .
Make it difficult for other people to work in your code or fix bugs in it – for every hour they spend fixing bugs you ’ve accomplished another hour of fresh code rewrite somewhere else , thus increasing your control over the board .
Never forget that this is all about gaining reputation .
It ’s critical not to over - extend yourself and appear as if you ’re harming the project .
It ’s equally important to remain on excellent terms with your opponents ^H^H^Hcolleagues , always being polite , helpful and humble .
Your reputation determines how much of the codebase you can convert and which parts you can convert without incurring negative reactions .
To this end , you must start small , in the most hated , ugly area of code in the project .
Just go in there and rewrite it all to make sense .
Do n’t worry about all the bugs you ’ll introduce ; people will be glad that you ’re brave and bold enough to take the project on and will agree that it needed doing and that bugfixing the new code will be easier than maintaining the old code .
When you ’ve finished , you ’ll find your reputation has increased .
You ’ll be able to rewrite slightly less hideous areas of code without people asking if that really needs to be done .
Eventually your reputation will grow so large that you can rewrite core application functionality at will .
By then , you ’ll know far more about the rest of the system than anyone else and will introduce surprisingly few bugs .
This will assure your guru staus as superstar of the team .
This is your end - game .
You have won !
Postscript for the naive :
This post is a mild satire on programming in teams .
These three rules , while undoubtedly effective , are evil .
They harm overall project progress for your own benefit .
They do n’t make you a better programmer intrinsically , only compared to the rest of your team .
You may , like I and countless others , have done something like this completely innocently in the past , when you did n’t know better .
Now you know better .
Postscript for project managers :
If your environment meets the grounds for the Two Fundamental Principles , then you will get programmers playing The Game and your project will suffer .
Change the rules .
Make sure that programmers are recognised for playing nicely with each other ’s code , for working in small teams on larger problems .
That rewriting for the sake of it is frowned upon , or that the bugs it introduces are traced back to the rewrite that caused them .
I do n’t know what the right way to get away from this is .
If you do then please , for the love of all projects everywhere , leave a comment !
Note : Yield Thought has moved to http://yieldthought.com – check there for the latest posts !
Paul Chandler and his wife , Rachel , have appealed for help , believing their captors are losing patience
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
A Briton kidnapped by Somali pirates fears that he and his wife could be executed within days after their captors lost patience and set a deadline for a ransom to be paid .
Paul Chandler from Tunbridge Wells , Kent , who was seized with his wife Rachel when armed Somali pirates boarded their yacht , the Lynn Rival , in the early hours of 23 October , said he believed they could be killed in " three or four days " .
In an interview with ITV News , Chandler , 59 , said the pirates had separated him from his wife , 55 , who told him in their last phone call that she was " giving up " .
He compared their conditions in solitary confinement to the treatment of a " captive animal " .
" We tried to stay together and they threw us to the ground and whipped us and beat Rachel with the rifle butts and I was dragged off and taken to a different location , " he said .
" I was allowed to telephone her about 12 days ago .
She said she was being tormented all the time and said she was giving up .
" They 've lost patience .
They set a deadline of three or four days .
If they do n't hear , then they say they will let us die . "
He said he was " just existing in hope " , adding : " I 'm afraid that they will just kill us and abandon us in the desert here . "
The couple were captured as they sailed from the Seychelles towards Tanzania .
They were forced to sail towards Somalia before being moved on to a hijacked container ship , the Kota Wajar .
The couple have since been brought ashore and there have been reports that armed rival gangs have fought to hold them hostage .
ITV News UK editor , Angus Walker , spoke to Chandler for half an hour last night before passing on the information to the couple 's family and the Foreign Office .
ITV News also spoke to Mrs Chandler tonight , who echoed her husband 's fear that the pair could be killed within days .
" Please , please find a way of helping us because it really is a very desperate situation here , " she said .
" I 've broken a tooth because I was hit on the head with something , probably the butt of a gun … I do n't know … so we have been physically attacked .
" They 've just told me that if they do n't get the money within four or five days they 'll kill one of us . "
Asked if she had a message for her husband , she said : " The message to him is hang on for me because I hope – my biggest hope is that I shall see him at least once more before we die .
" It 's hard not to feel … well … dying would actually be an easy way out .
" It 's hard to explain but it is when you 're all on your own in this country and you 've no idea where you are and no idea when something might happen and whether I 'll see Paul again .
It 's just very , very despairing . "
A Foreign Office spokesman said : " We are monitoring the situation very closely and are doing everything we can to help secure a release .
" We remain in regular contact with the family and are providing support .
We call for the safe and swift release of Paul and Rachel . "
A British naval vessel was in range when the Chandlers were first taken from their yacht but , according to military officials , the crew was unable to act without putting the couple 's lives at risk .
Fleet Auxiliary replenishment tanker Wave Knight , carrying 75 merchant seamen and 25 navy sailors , could not have acted without endangering the lives of the Chandlers .
Chandler , a retired quantity surveyor , said that " with hindsight " he thought a Royal Fleet naval vessel could have attempted to rescue them .
But he added that he understood why they decided against taking action .
" I do n't blame them because we were told to tell them on the radio to stand off otherwise we would be killed , and there were men with guns , " he said .
" They took that at face value .
With hindsight that might have been the opportunity to call their bluff . "
It is the second time Mr Chandler has been interviewed since he and his wife , an economist , were captured in the middle of a " dream trip " aboard their yacht .
The couple both appeared on camera in a Channel 4 interview last November .
Reports of the kidnap emerged when a news agency was contacted by a pirate called Hassan who said he had the couple captive and ransom demands would follow .
The pair were allowed to speak to journalists on the phone and , during one conversation , Mrs Chandler 's brother Stephen Collett made a direct appeal to the pirates to release them .
Staff at the BBC received a call demanding a ransom of $ 7 m ( £ 4.4 m ) but the Foreign Office said it would not make concessions to hostage takers .
The US Navy is flying unmanned aircraft from the Seychelles , 1,000 miles off the east coast of Africa , to monitor the pirates ' activities .
A draft Nato report , published in November , called for more spy planes and satellites to be used to combat a growing threat .
Mr Demott said : " We do have a private room in both the male and female changing rooms that the public can request the key for should they wish to shower naked when the pupils are there . "
Feb. 14 , 2010  -- KARL : Good morning , and welcome to " This Week . "
CHENEY : There is no middle ground .
KARL : This morning , a " This Week " exclusive , former Vice President Dick Cheney , the administration 's harshest critic ...
CHENEY : The president 's been largely silent .
Half - measures keep you half - exposed .
The White House must stop dithering .
KARL : ... with no apologies of his own .
CHENEY : I was and remain a strong proponent of our enhanced interrogation program .
KARL : National security , Iran , politics , and ...
BIDEN : Iraq , I mean , it 's going to be one of the great achievements of this administration .
KARL : ... Dick Cheney takes on the current vice president , only on " This Week . "
Then , a Washington thaw .
OBAMA : I 'm going to spend some time listening .
KARL : But can bipartisanship survive the politics of the moment ?
PALIN : We need a commander - in - chief , not a professor of law standing at the lectern .
KARL : That and the rest of the week 's politics on our roundtable with George Will , Peter Beinart of the Council on Foreign Relations , the New Yorker 's Jane Mayer , and Paul Gigot of the Wall Street Journal .
And as always , the Sunday funnies .
LETTERMAN : John McCain knew that it was Sarah Palin 's birthday , and he did something very nice for her .
He bought her a Toyota .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
ANNOUNCER : From the heart of the nation 's capital , " This Week " with ABC 's congressional correspondent , Jonathan Karl , live from the Newseum on Pennsylvania Avenue .
KARL : Joining me now , former Vice President Dick Cheney .
Mr. Vice President , welcome to " This Week . "
CHENEY : Good morning , John .
KARL : Now , you have been unflinching in your criticism of this administration 's handling of terrorism , counterterrorism .
Most recently , talking about the Christmas Day bomber , you said , " It is clear once again that President Obama is trying to pretend that we are not at war . "
Now , this morning , we have heard from the current vice president , Joe Biden , directly in response to that .
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
BIDEN : We 're pursuing that war with a vigor like it 's never been seen before .
We 've eliminated 12 of their top 20 people .
We have taken out 100 of their associates .
We are making -- we 've sent them underground .
They are , in fact , not able to do anything remotely like they were in the past .
They are on the run .
I do n't know where Dick Cheney has been .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
KARL : Your response ?
CHENEY : Well , my reference to the notion that the president was trying to avoid treating this as a war was in relation to his initial response when we heard about the Christmas underwear bomber ...
KARL : Right .
CHENEY : ... up in Detroit , when he went out and said this was the act of an isolated extremist .
No , it was n't .
And we found out over time , obviously -- and he eventually changed his -- his assessment -- but that , in fact , this was an individual who'd been trained by Al Qaida , who'd been part of a larger conspiracy , and it was closer to being an act of war than it was the act of an isolated extremist .
It 's the mindset that concerns me , John .
I think it 's -- it 's very important to go back and keep in mind the distinction between handling these events as criminal acts , which was the way we did before 9/11 , and then looking at 9/11 and saying , " This is not a criminal act , " not when you destroy 16 acres of Manhattan , kill 3,000 Americans , blow a big hole in the Pentagon .
That 's an act of war .
KARL : Well -- well ...
CHENEY : And what the administration was slow to do was to come to that -- that recognition that we are at war , not dealing with criminal acts .
And as I say , my response there dealt specifically to the fact the president called it an isolated extremist .
It was not .
KARL : Well , I want to get to that notion of treating this as a law enforcement action , but what the administration will say is , look at what they have done , 30,000 additional troops to Afghanistan , doubling , tripling , and maybe even more the drone attacks on the tribal areas in Pakistan on Al Qaida targets .
They say that they are actually dedicating more resources to the fight against Al Qaida than you were .
CHENEY : Well , I -- you know , I 'm a complete supporter of what they 're doing in Afghanistan .
I think the president made the right decision to send troops into Afghanistan .
I thought it took him a while to get there .
Having Stan McChrystal now in charge in Afghanistan I think is an excellent choice .
General McChrystal 's one of the most able officers I know .
I 'm glad they 're doing what they 're doing in Afghanistan .
I 'm not a critic of what they 're doing , in terms of how they 're dealing with that situation .
But I do see repeatedly examples that there are key members in the administration , like Eric Holder , for example , the attorney general , who still insists on thinking of terror attacks against the United States as criminal acts as opposed to acts of war , and that 's a -- that 's a huge distinction .
KARL : OK , before we get to Eric Holder , a couple more things from the vice president .
He 's been out responding preemptively to you .
One thing he said we heard in the open , that he believes Iraq may ultimately prove to be one of the greatest achievements of the Obama administration .
CHENEY : Well , I -- I guess I should n't be surprised by my friend , Joe Biden .
I 'm glad he now believes Iraq is a success .
Of course , Obiden and -- Obama and Biden campaigned from one end of the country to the other for two years criticizing our Iraq policy .
CHENEY :
They opposed the surge that was absolutely crucial to our getting to the point we 're at now with respect to Iraq .
And for them to try to take credit for what 's happened in Iraq strikes me as a little strange .
I think if -- if they had had their way , if we 'd followed the policies they 'd pursued from the outset or advocated from the outset , Saddam Hussein would still be in power in Baghdad today .
So if they 're going to take credit for it , fair enough , for what they 've done while they 're there , but it ought to go with a healthy dose of " Thank you , George Bush " up front and a recognition that some of their early recommendations , with respect to prosecuting that war , we 're just dead wrong .
KARL : Well , in fact , Vice President Biden says that he believes that the war in Iraq was not worth it .
What do you say to that ?
I mean , given the resources that were drawn away from the -- what you could argue is the central front in Afghanistan , Pakistan , is he right about that ?
CHENEY : No . I -- I believe very deeply in the proposition that what we did in Iraq was the right thing to do .
It was hard to do .
It took a long time .
There were significant costs involved .
But we got rid of one of the worst dictators of the 20th century .
We took down his government , a man who 'd produced and used weapons of mass destruction , a man who'd started two different wars , a man who had a relationship with terror .
We 're going to have a democracy in Iraq today .
We do today .
They 're going to have another free election this March .
This has been an enormous achievement from the standpoint of peace and stability in the Middle East and ending a threat to the United States .
Now , as I say , Joe Biden does n't believe that .
Joe Biden wants to take credit -- I 'm not sure for what -- since he opposed that policy pretty much from the outset .
KARL : I think what he wants to take credit for is taking resources out of Iraq , the fact ...
CHENEY : That 's being done in accordance with a timetable that we initiated , that we -- that we negotiated with -- with the Iraqis .
I mean , that was our policy .
KARL : Another thing from the vice president , he also addressed the possibility of another 9/11 - style attack .
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
BIDEN : The idea of there being a massive attack in the United States like 9/11 is unlikely , in my view .
But if you see what 's happening , particularly with Al Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula , they have decided to move in a direction of much more small - bore , but devastatingly frightening attacks .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
KARL : Is he right ?
CHENEY : I do n't think so .
And I would point to a study that was released just within the last week or two up at the Kennedy School at Harvard by a gentleman -- Mowatt - Larssen 's his name , I believe .
He was CIA for 23 years , director of intelligence at the Energy Department for a long time , that looks at this whole question of weapons of mass destruction and Al Qaida and comes to the conclusion that there 's a very high threat that Al Qaida is trying very hard to acquire a weapon of mass destruction and , if they 're successful in acquiring it , that they will use it .
I think he 's right .
I think , in fact , the situation with respect to Al Qaida to say that , you know , that was a big attack we had on 9/11 , but it 's not likely again , I just think that 's dead wrong .
I think the biggest strategic threat the United States faces today is the possibility of another 9/11 with a nuclear weapon or a biological agent of some kind , and I think Al Qaida is out there even as we meet trying to figure out how to do that .
KARL : And do you think that the Obama administration is taking enough serious steps to prevent that ?
CHENEY : I think they need to do everything they can to prevent it .
And if the mindset is it 's not likely , then it 's difficult to mobilize the resources and get people to give it the kind of priority that it deserves .
KARL : OK , let 's get to -- you mentioned Eric Holder , the treatment of the Christmas Day underwear bomber .
How do you think that case should have been dealt with ?
CHENEY : I think the -- the proper way to -- to deal with it would have been to treat him as an enemy combatant .
I think that was the right way to go .
The thing I learned from watching that process unfold , though , was that the administration really was n't equipped to deal with the aftermath of an attempted attack against the United States in the sense that they did n't know what to do with the guy .
There was talk earlier after they 'd dismantled the system we 'd put in place for prisoner interrogation of high - value detainees .
They 'd gone out supposedly to create the HIG , high - value interrogation program , but in reality , it was not up and running at Christmastime when it should have been .
It started months before that , to put that in place .
They need a process , a set of institutions that they can fall back on .
Admittedly , this is hard .
We had a hard time dealing with this .
You 've got the Supreme Court on one side that -- that is going to evaluate everything you do , and you 've got to be careful with that .
The Congress gets involved in it .
CHENEY : So I 'm not saying it's an easy task , but by this point , when they 've made all the decisions they 've had , closed Guantanamo , end ( ph ) the high - value detainee program and so forth , I think those are all mistakes .
Those were the tools we put in place to deal with this kind of situation .
They should have had something to put in lieu of those programs , and it would look like they do not have -- have that kind of capability yet .
KARL : If you have somebody in custody like Abdulmutallab , after just trying to blow up an airliner , and you think he has information on another attack , I mean , do you think that those enhanced interrogation techniques should have been -- should have been used ?
I mean , would you -- do you think that he should have been , for instance , subject to everything , including waterboarding ?
CHENEY : Well , I think the -- the professionals need to make that judgment .
We 've got people in -- we had in our administration -- I 'm sure they 're still there -- many of them were career personnel -- who are expects in this subject .
And they are the ones that you ought to turn somebody like Abdulmutallab over to , let them be the judge of whether or not he 's prepared to cooperate and how they can best achieve his cooperation .
KARL : But you believe they should have had the option of everything up to and including waterboarding ?
CHENEY : I think you ought to have all of those capabilities on the table .
Now , President Obama has taken them off the table .
He announced when he came in last year that they would never use anything other than the U.S.
Army manual , which does n't include those techniques .
I think that 's a mistake .
KARL : OK .
So -- so was it a mistake when your administration took on the Richard Reid case ?
This is very similar .
This was somebody that was trying to blow up an airliner with a shoe bomb , and he was within five minutes of getting taken off that plane read his Miranda rights , four times , in fact , in 48 hours , and tried through the civilian system .
Was that a mistake ?
CHENEY : Well , first of all , I believe he was not tried .
He pled guilty .
They never did end up having a trial .
Secondly , when this came up , as I recall , it was December of ' 01 , just a couple of months after 9/11 .
We were not yet operational with the military commissions .
We had n't had all the Supreme Court decisions handed down about what we could and could n't do with the commissions .
KARL : But you still had an option to put him into military custody .
CHENEY : Well , we could have put him into military custody .
I do n't -- I do n't question that .
The point is , in this particular case , all of that was never worked out , primarily because he pled guilty .
KARL : Now , I 'd like to read you something that the sentencing judge reading the -- giving him his life sentence read to Richard Reid at the time of that sentencing .
Here it is .
He said to Reid , " You are not an enemy combatant .
You are a terrorist .
You are not a soldier in any war .
To give you that reference , to call you a soldier gives you far too much stature .
We do not negotiate with terrorists .
We hunt them down one by one and bring them to justice . "
The judge in that case was a Reagan appointee .
Does n't he make a good point ?
CHENEY : Well , I do n't think so , in a sense that it -- if it -- if you interpret that as taking you to the point where all of these people are going to be treated as though they 're guilty of individual criminal acts .
I want to come back again to the basic point I tried to make at the outset , John .
And up until 9/11 , all terrorist attacks were criminal acts .
After 9/11 , we made the decision that these were acts of war , these were strategic threats to the United States .
Once you make that judgment , then you can use a much broader range of tools , in terms of going after your adversary .
You go after those who provide them safe harbor and sanctuary .
You go after those who finance and those who provide weapons for them and those who train them .
And you treat them as unlawful enemy combatants .
There 's a huge distinction here in terms of the kinds of policies you put in place going forward .
And what I 'm most concerned about is n't so much argument about all the stuff in the past , about what happened to Abdulmutallab or Richard Reid .
I think the relevant point is :
What are the policies going to be going forward ?
And if you 're really serious and you believe this is a war and if you believe the greatest threat is a 9/11 with nukes or a 9/11 with a biological agent of some kind , then you have to consider it as a war , you have to consider it as something we may have to deal with tomorrow .
You do n't want the vice president of the United States running around saying , " Oh , it 's not likely to happen . "
KARL : Now , on that question of trying , you know , dealing as enemy combatants or through the criminal justice system , I came across this .
This is a document that was put out by the Bush Justice Department under Attorney General Ashcroft ...
CHENEY : Right .
KARL : ... covering the years 2001 to 2005 .
And if you go right to page one , they actually tout the criminal prosecutions ...
CHENEY : They did .
KARL : ... of terror suspects , saying , " Altogether , the department has brought charges against 375 individuals in terrorism - related investigations and has convicted 195 to date . "
That was 2005 .
Again , seems to make the administration 's point that they 're not doing it all that differently from how you were doing it .
CHENEY : Well , we did n't all agree with that .
We had -- I can remember a meeting in the Roosevelt Room in the West Wing of the White House where we had a major shootout over how this was going to be handled between the Justice Department , that advocated that approach , and many of the rest of us , who wanted to treat it as an intelligence matter , as an act of war with military commissions .
We never clearly or totally resolved those issues .
These are tough questions , no doubt about it .
You want my opinion , my view of what ought to happen , I think we have to treat it as a -- as a war .
This is a strategic threat to the United States .
I think that 's why we were successful for seven - and - a- half years in avoiding a further major attack against the United States .
And I do get very nervous and very upset when that 's the dominant approach , as it was sometimes in the Bush administration or certainly would appear to be at times in the new Obama administration .
KARL : Did you more often win or lose those battles , especially as you got to the second term ?
CHENEY : Well , I suppose it depends on which battle you 're talking about .
I won some ; I lost some .
I can 't ...
( CROSSTALK )
KARL : ... waterboarding , clearly , what was your ...
CHENEY : I was a big supporter of waterboarding .
I was a big supporter of the enhanced interrogation techniques that ...
KARL : And you opposed the administration 's actions of doing away with waterboarding ?
CHENEY : Yes .
KARL : I 'd like to ask you about the big terror case now , which is the KSM trial .
The administration very much wants to see the mastermind of 9/11 tried in civilian courts here in the United States .
New York has obviously objected .
Do you think that 's going to happen ?
Do you think this will be a civilian trial ?
Or are they not going to be able to do it ?
CHENEY :
It looks to me like they 're going to have great difficulty doing it in New York .
I mean , even the mayor 's come out against it now .
I think trying Khalid Sheikh Mohammed in New York 's a big -- big mistake .
It gives him a huge platform to promulgate his -- his particular brand of propaganda around the world .
I think he ought to be at Guantanamo .
I think he ought to be tried at Guantanamo in front of a military commission .
They 've got difficulties now , because my guess is they do n't want to send him back to Guantanamo , because that would validate , if you will , the value of Guantanamo .
They 're trying to close it , clearly have n't been able to get it done .
But my guess is , in the end , he 'll end up being tried in front of a military commission on a military facility some place .
KARL : So you think Guantanamo will be open when this president leaves office ?
CHENEY : I would n't be surprised .
It 's a valuable facility .
There 's a reason why we set it up .
It makes good sense .
There 's obviously great reluctance on Capitol Hill to appropriate the funds to close it down .
I think -- I think Guantanamo is going to be there for quite a while .
KARL : And one other point -- I just want to read also from a previous interview that you gave -- one of your points about Guantanamo is , if you release the hard - core Al Qaida terrorists , you said , that are held at Guantanamo , I think they go back into the business of trying to kill more Americans and mount further mass casualty attacks .
If you turn them loose and they go kill more Americans , who 's responsible for that ?
And it 's a real concern .
We 've heard from the president 's homeland security adviser , John Brennan , saying that at minimum 10 percent of the more than 500 that have been released from Guantanamo have gone back into the fight .
But Brennan also wrote this .
He said , " I want to underscore the fact that all of these cases relate to detainees released during the previous administration and under the prior detainee review process . "
In other words , all of those released from Guantanamo that have gone back into the fight were released by your administration .
Ca n't you make the case that the Obama administration has actually been more responsible about releasing who they release from Guantanamo ?
CHENEY : I would n't make that -- I would n't make that case , John .
I think -- as I recall , the percentage that we had of the recidivists was 12 percent .
And we released prisoners back basically to their home countries , partly because the State Department was under enormous pressure to do so , and there was an effort to try to return them .
The Saudis had a rehabilitation program for returned Saudis , and ...
KARL : Did you oppose those releases ?
CHENEY : I did .
I did n't think that releasing anybody was the right thing to do , unless you had evidence that , you know , there was a mistake of some kind or they 'd been -- been before a commission and you 'd reviewed their case and found that the case did n't stand up , and that was usually the case .
They were put through a thorough scrub before they were released .
Obviously , some of them got through the filter .
But I think , out of the ones that remain , those are the real hard core , and I think your recidivist rate would be far higher than it was on those that have already been released .
It 's a tough problem ; I 'll be the first to admit it .
But I think you have to have a facility like Guantanamo to hold these individuals who are members of Al Qaida , who 've tried to kill Americans , and who -- when they 're released , they 'll go back out and try to kill Americans again .
KARL : I 'd like to move to Iran .
Do you trust the Obama administration to do what is necessary to keep Iran from getting nuclear weapons ?
CHENEY : I remain to be persuaded .
KARL : Do you think that sanctions can work ?
I mean , that 's the track they 've chosen .
CHENEY : Well , I think -- I hope sanctions work .
KARL : It 's the same track you chose ( ph ) .
CHENEY : We -- I certainly would hope sanctions would work , but I think they 're most likely to work if you keep the military option on the table .
I do n't think you want to eliminate the military -- the possibility of military action .
I think that 's essential to give any kind of meaning at all to negotiations over sanctions .
KARL : How close did you come -- how close did the Bush administration come to taking military action against Iran ?
CHENEY : Well , I would -- some of that I can't talk about , obviously , still .
I 'm sure it 's still classified .
We clearly never made the decision -- we never crossed over that line of saying , " Now we 're going to mount a military operation to deal with the problem . "
The president was always hopeful -- and I think everybody else was , too -- that we could find a way to deal with it within having to resort to military force .
One of the problems that the Obama administration inherited was the Iranian problem , and it's a tough one .
KARL : David Sanger of the New York Times says that the Israelis came to you -- came to the administration in the final months and asked for certain things , bunker - buster bombs , air - to - air refueling capability , overflight rights , and that basically the administration dithered , did not give the Israelis a response .
Was that a mistake ?
CHENEY : I -- I can't get into it still .
I 'm sure a lot of those discussions are still very sensitive .
KARL : Let me ask you :
Did you advocate a harder line , including in the military area , in those -- in those final months ?
CHENEY : Usually .
KARL : And with respect to Iran ?
CHENEY : Well , I -- I made public statements to the effect that I felt very strongly that we had to have the military option , that it had to be on the table , that it had to be a meaningful option , and that we might well have to resort to military force in order to deal with the threat that Iran represented .
The problem here being that a nuclear - armed Iran is a huge threat to that entire part of the world and , indeed , to the United States .
KARL : Was it -- was it a ...
CHENEY : We never got to the point where the president had to make a decision one way or the other .
KARL : Was that a mistake ?
Was it a mistake to leave that nuclear capability intact ?
CHENEY : Well , we -- we did a lot , because we were very concerned about nuclear capability in the hands of rogue states or potentially shared with terrorist organizations , and we were successful in taking down , for example , Saddam Hussein , who had messed with nuclear weapons twice previously , taking down the A.Q.
Khan network , a black - market operation that was providing technology to the North Koreans , Iranians , and Libyans .
We successfully obtained all the Libyan materials for their nuclear program , so we got a lot done .
We did n't get everything done .
We still -- when we finished , there still was the ongoing Iranian problem and the ongoing North Korean problem .
Both of them remain to be addressed .
KARL : I 'd like to get your response to Sarah Palin 's recent comments on Iran .
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
PALIN : Say he decided to declare war on Iran or decided really to come out and do whatever he could to support Israel , which I would like him to do , if he decided to toughen up and do all that he can to secure our nation and our allies , I think people would perhaps shift their thinking a little bit and decide , well , maybe he 's tougher than we think he -- than he is today .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
KARL : She 's , of course , talking about President Obama , seemed to be implying that this would be a good political move for him .
What 's your take ?
CHENEY : I do n't think a president can make a judgment like that on the basis of politics .
The stakes are too high , the consequences too significant to be treating those as simple political calculations .
When you begin to talk about war , talk about crossing international borders , you talk about committing American men and women to combat , that takes place on a plane clear above any political consideration .
KARL : So ...
CHENEY : So I 'd be -- I 'd be very cautious about treating that kind of issue on those kinds of conditions .
KARL : We 're almost out of time .
We 're going to get you very quickly on a few other subjects .
First of all , one more on Palin .
Is she qualified to be president ?
CHENEY : I have n't made a decision yet on who I 'm going to support for president the next time around .
Whoever it is , is going to have to prove themselves capable of being president of the United States .
And those tests will -- will come during the course of campaigns , obviously .
I think -- well , I think all the prospective candidates out there have got a lot of work to do if , in fact , they 're going to persuade a majority of Americans that they 're ready to take on the world 's toughest job .
KARL : OK , " do n't ask / do n't tell " -- you 're a former defense secretary -- should this policy be repealed ?
CHENEY : Twenty years ago , the military were strong advocates of " do n't ask / do n't tell , " when I was secretary of defense .
I think things have changed significantly since then .
I see that Don Mullen -- or Mike Mullen , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , has indicated his belief that we ought to support a change in the policy .
So I think -- my guess is the policy will be changed .
KARL : And do you think that 's a good thing ?
I mean , is it time to allow gays and lesbians to serve openly in the military ?
CHENEY : I think the society has moved on .
I think it 's partly a generational question .
I say , I 'm reluctant to second - guess the military in this regard , because they 're the ones that have got to make the judgment about how these policies affect the military capability of our -- of our units , and that first requirement that you have to look at all the time is whether or not they 're still capable of achieving their mission , and does the policy change , i.e. , putting gays in the force , affect their ability to perform their mission ?
When the chiefs come forward and say , " We think we can do it , " then it strikes me that it 's -- it 's time to reconsider the policy .
And I think Admiral Mullen said that .
KARL : And , finally , I know that you have a reunion coming up later this month with President Bush .
This 'll be the first time you 've seen him since leaving office , face to face ?
CHENEY : Pretty much , yes .
We talk on the telephone periodically , but the first time I 've seen him since January 20th .
KARL : What does he think of you being so outspoken in contrast to him ?
CHENEY : Well , I do n't think he 's opposed to it , by any means .
I 'd be inclined to let him speak for himself about it .
The reason I 've been outspoken is because there were some things being said , especially after we left office , about prosecuting CIA personnel that had carried out our counterterrorism policy or disbarring lawyers in the Justice Department who had -- had helped us put those policies together , and I was deeply offended by that , and I thought it was important that some senior person in the administration stand up and defend those people who'd done what we asked them to do .
And that 's why I got started on it .
I 'm the vice president now -- ex-vice president .
I have the great freedom and luxury of speaking out , saying what I -- what I want to say , what I believe .
And I have not been discouraged from doing so .
KARL : And that includes writing a book ?
CHENEY : Writing a book , that 's correct .
KARL : Can you give us -- before you go -- a quick nugget that 's going to be in the book , give us the title , give us something going ?
CHENEY : Have me back about a year from now , and I 'll have a copy of the book for you , John .
KARL : OK , it 's deal .
CHENEY : All right .
KARL : Mr. Vice President , thanks a lot for joining us on " This Week . "
CHENEY : Good to see you .
I 've enjoyed it .
KARL : The roundtable is next , George Will , Paul Gigot , Jane Mayer , and Peter Beinart .
And later , the Sunday funnies .
By Doug Heye , Thomas Jefferson Street blog
One sign that Washington , D.C. , had been home to Obama Mania was the number of independent retailers selling all sorts of Obama merchandise .
Every street corner , it seemed , had Obama wares ( or Obama wear ) for sale .
Now , however , most of the winter caps for sale are not emblazoned with the Obama logo .
T - shirts depicting our president as a dunking Michael Jordan , a victorious Muhammad Ali , or saber - baring Luke Skywalker ( yes , these shirts all existed ) are nowhere to be found .
This time last year , the Obama Store was teeming with customers .
Ideally situated in the basement of Washington ’s Union Station , the store was filled with consumers eager to buy anything with Obama ’s likeness while others took pictures of the life - size cut-outs of the president and first lady .
Now , the Obama Store is boarded up .
How quickly things change in a year .
The Obama Store was capitalism at its most brilliant rawness ; find a market and exploit it quickly .
The store made possible one - stop shopping for all of your tacky Obama merchandise needs .
T - shirts !
Hats !
Calendars !
Hand - warmers !
Keychains !
It was like something out of Spaceballs ( “ Obama : The Flame Thrower !
The kids love this one . ” ) .
The store carried every imaginable product with the words “ Obama ” and “ Commemorative , ” except , notably , the Obama Chia Pet .
Of course , the closing of the Obama Store may not be due solely to Obama ’s falling popularity .
Perhaps the faltering economy ( which Obama has nothing to do with , he keeps telling us ) played a role .
Regardless , the store was ideally situated to make big profits .
Not only was it in the District of Columbia , where Obama won 93 percent of the vote , but Union Station is swarmed by the most wallet - opening demographic of them all — tourists !
Sure , polls are unanimous that support from Obama loyalists is receding , but polls pale in comparison to real anecdotal evidence .
Last week , Amber Lee Ettinger , better known as “ Obama Girl , ” announced that she has fallen out of love with the president — leading to the question :
If Obama has lost Obama Girl , has he lost America ?
Meanwhile , the Pepsi campaign that borrowed heavily from Obama has fizzled .
This Valentine ’s Day , visitors to Union Station who had hoped to express their love for a significant other with a $ 20 pink T - shirt of Barack and Michelle Obama in a heart - shaped picture commemorating the “ Presidential Romance ” ( or T - shirts of Obama and Joe Biden commemorating the “ Presidential Bromance , ” for that matter ) may now be unable to do so .
That the Obama Store — which apparently received no stimulus money — has closed may be the most tangible sign yet that the honeymoon is over .
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) -
The latest budget plan from California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger would force 200,000 children off low - cost medical insurance , end in - home care for 350,000 infirm and elderly citizens and slash income assistance to hundreds of thousands more .
Arnold Schwarzenegger , governor of the state of California , listens to a question during a debate at the Climate Summit for Mayors at the Copenhagen City Hall December 16 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Scanpix / Anders Debel Hansen
And that ’s the best - case scenario under Schwarzenegger ’s prescription for filling the state ’s $ 19.9 billion deficit .
Refusing to consider broad tax hikes , he is relying mostly on $ 8.5 billion in reduced expenditures including drastic cuts to health and social spending that has long made California one of the leading U.S. states in providing help to the needy .
Schwarzenegger also is counting on the U.S. government contributing nearly $ 7 billion that he says is due California because of various federal mandates .
If federal money fails to materialize , the governor ’s plan would trigger deeper cuts that would dismantle entire programs , including the state ’s welfare - to - work system , CalWorks .
Enactment of the Republican governor ’s proposal , with or without Washington ’s cooperation , is far from certain given that leaders of the Democratic - controlled state legislature immediately rebuffed it as too harsh .
Even representatives of Schwarzenegger ’s own government acknowledged the drastic scope of his proposed cuts , which the governor himself described as “ draconian . ”
“ They are major reductions in health and human services in California , whether we get the federal funds or not , ” said Amy Palmer , spokeswoman for the state agency overseeing many of the programs hardest hit .
“ If we do n’t get the federal funds , the reductions ... are devastating . ”
Critics say many such cuts ultimately would cost the state more money than they save , as when elderly patients forced out of adult day - care facilities end up in nursing homes .
‘ HOLES IN THE SAFETY NET ’
“ You ’re blowing entire holes in the safety net , ” said Kelly Brooks , an analyst for the California State Association of Counties , which lobbies on behalf of county governments that stand to bear much of the added burden from such cuts .
No one understands better than Anthony Arias , 25 , who sought assistance from CalWorks in 2008 after he was laid off from his warehouse job in the midst of the recession .
Unable to find steady work , and sharing custody of his 3 - year - old son , Arias had to drop out of community college east of Los Angeles as he slipped into a financial tailspin .
“ It was getting bad to the point where there were days when I did n’t have food , ” he recalled .
But with a monthly CalWorks check that helps pay his rent , and state - subsidized child support , Arias has since managed to complete training to become a barber -- a more gainful vocation with flexible hours that will enable him to return to school to earn a degree as a paralegal assistant .
“ There ’s no way I would have been able to survive without the help of CalWorks , ” he said .
Arias is just one of 1.3 million CalWorks beneficiaries -- most of them children -- who will see their monthly assistance checks cut by 16 percent under Schwarzenegger ’s proposal , even if federal dollars sought by the governor arrive .
His plan also would immediately reduce CalWorks child - care payments and kick some 24,000 legal immigrants off the rolls .
Without extra federal money , CalWorks would be eliminated altogether , leaving California the only U.S. state no longer a part of transforming the nation ’s welfare system into a program aimed at moving poor , jobless Americans into full employment .
Others programs on the chopping block include transitional housing for foster youth ; low - cost Healthy Families medical insurance for needy children , the Medi-Cal healthcare plan for the poor , and a network of subsidized in - home care for the elderly and disabled .
At least 200,000 children are slated to lose eligibility for Healthy Families , with that number growing to 900,000 if the program is gutted entirely .
Nearly 90 percent of the 400,000 recipients of In - Home Support Services stand to lose care under Schwarzenegger ’s best - case scenario , and state reimbursements to providers of those who remain would be slashed to minimum - wage levels .
Otherwise , the program would be abolished , throwing 350,000 caregivers out of work .
For Medi-Cal , Schwarzenegger has proposed clamping new limits on health services while raising premiums and patient co-pays if he gets the extra federal money he wants .
Medi-Cal for legal immigrants in the country less than five years would be eliminated , unless they were pregnant .
If additional federal funds fail to arrive , some 450,000 Medi-Cal recipients would be stripped of eligibility and most optional adult benefits , such as reimbursements for hearing aids and other medical equipment , would be scrapped .
Use the links at the left to navigate around the site .
« Ben ’s Board | Home Page | Fab Frostbiting … »
February 27 , 2008
The French barque Belem is en route to Dublin with 60,000 bottles of wine in her hold .
The 112 year old tall ship was originally launched to carry chocolate from Brazil to France .
MONTPELLIER , France , 24 February ( AFP ) —
The first cargo of wine shipped from France by sail since the late 1800s will arrive in Ireland from the southern Languedoc region next month , saving an estimated 140 grams ( 4.9 ounces ) of carbon per bottle , compared to a regular shipment .
“ My idea at the beginning was to do something for the planet and something for the wines of Languedoc , ” said Frederic Albert , founder of the shipping company , Compagnie de Transport Maritime a la Voile , CTMV .
“ One of my grandfathers was a winemaker and one was a sailor , ” said Albert who worked in a wine shop in Dublin for four years before moving back to the Languedoc to put his ideas in place .
Fifty Languedoc wine producers have now been chosen to supply wines , and Albert says he has a waiting list of about 200 others .
“ We chose the best wine in the area , but it must also be made in a sustainable way , using as many natural products as possible , ” he said .
The ship itself , the first of seven planned to be working by 2013 , is the 52 - metre ( 170 - feet ) three - masted barque Belem , the last French merchant sailing vessel to be built .
Launched in 1896 , its job was to bring chocolate from Belem , in Brazil , to France .
The wines will be delivered to Bordeaux by barge using the Canal du Midi and Canal du Garonne that run across southern France from Sete in the east , via Beziers in the Languedoc , where the wines will be collected .
The first shipment planned for Dublin currently amounts to about 60,000 bottles , and each bottle carries a label with a stylised ship logo and the slogan , “ Carried by sailing ship , a better deal for the planet ” .
Retail prices will range from seven to 20 euros , a “ normal ” price range for French wines , said Albert .
“ I realised working in Dublin in the wine shop that French wine was very badly represented , and that it is always sold more expensively than other wines so we are losing out on volume . ”
CTMVs second boat , which cost six million euros ( 8.4 million dollars ) to build and is as yet unnamed , will also be launched in March this year .
It will measure 52 metres and have 1,000 square metres of sails and a top speed of 14 knots .
Estimated delivery time to Ireland is four days , says Albert .
“ We had someone who studied a century of weather conditions to work that out . ”
With a total of seven ships the investment in the project looks set to be about 40 to 50 million euros .
Albert would not confirm the exact investment figure , but said he now has seven private investors and the financing is 70 percent private capital and 30 percent bank loans .
“ There is a lot of interest in green investments in France , ” he said .
The greenness of the project does not stop with the delivery of the wines .
The ship will bring back to France an equivalent tonnage of crushed glass for recycling into wine bottles at two factories , one in Bordeaux and one in Beziers .
This should mean cheaper bottles and better supply given the current problems some producers are having trying to get enough bottles .
Another plan , to collect the used bottles , may also emerge , but at the moment the logistics are complicated , Albert said .
The ships will further serve as a promotional tool in the ports they serve .
“ We will do tastings on board , the ship can hold about 100 guests , to help the importers promote the wines . ”
Future ports of call , with Bordeaux as the regular departure point , will include Bristol or Manchester in England , Gothenburg in Sweden , Copenhagen in Denmark , and other towns in Scandinavia .
The next delivery after Dublin , however , is Canada .
“ The Canadians came to my stand yesterday and they want us to come there in June , ” said Albert , speaking at Vinisud , the Montpellier - based wine trade fair for southern France being held this week .
“ They have already ordered 20,000 bottles , but I think there will be more by the end of the show , ” Albert said .
Belem ’s website , Interesting fansite , Belem in Dublin in July 2007 :
Topics : Sailing | 4 Comments »
The Pentagon will for the first time rank global warming as a destabilising force , adding fuel to conflict and putting US troops at risk around the world , in a major strategy review to be presented to Congress tomorrow .
The quadrennial defence review , prepared by the Pentagon to update Congress on its security vision , will direct military planners to keep track of the latest climate science , and to factor global warming into their long term strategic planning .
" While climate change alone does not cause conflict , it may act as an accelerant of instability or conflict , placing a burden on civilian institutions and militaries around the world , " said a draft of the review seen by the Guardian .
Heatwaves and freak storms could put increasing demand on the US military to respond to humanitarian crises or natural disaster .
But troops could feel the effects of climate change even more directly , the draft says .
More than 30 US bases are threatened by rising sea levels .
It ordered the Pentagon to review the risks posed to installations , and to combat troops by a potential increase in severe heatwaves and fires .
The review 's release coincides with a sharpening focus in the American defence establishment about global warming – even though polls last week showed the public increasingly less concerned .
The CIA late last year established a centre to collect intelligence on climate change .
Earlier this month , CIA officials sent emails to environmental experts in Washington seeking their views on climate change impacts around the world , and how the agency could keep tabs on what actions countries were taking to reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
The CIA has also restarted a programme – scrapped by George Bush – that allowed scientists and spies to share satellite images of glaciers and Arctic sea ice .
That suggests climate change is here to stay as a topic of concern for the Pentagon .
The Pentagon , in acknowledging the threat of global warming , will now have to factor climate change into war game exercises and long - term security assessments of badly affected regions such as the Arctic , sub -Saharan Africa , and South Asia .
Military planners will have to factor climate change into war game exercises and long - term security assessments of badly affected regions such as the Arctic , sub -Saharan Africa , and South Asia .
" The leadership of the Pentagon has very strongly indicated that they do consider climate change to be a national security issue , " said Christine Parthemore , an analyst at the Centre for a New American Security , who has been studying the Pentagon 's evolving views on climate change .
" They are considering climate change on a par with the political and economic factors as the key drivers that are shaping the world . "
Awareness of climate change and its impact on threat levels and military capability had been slowly percolating through the ranks since 2008 when then Senators Hillary Clinton and John Warner pushed the Pentagon to look specifically at the impact of global warming in its next long - term review .
But the navy was already alive to the potential threat , with melting sea ice in the Arctic opening up a new security province .
The changing chemistry of the oceans , because of global warming , is also playing havoc with submarine sonar , a report last year from the CNAS warned .
US soldiers and marines , meanwhile , were getting a hard lesson in the dangers of energy insecurity on the battlefield , where attacks on supply convoys in Afghanistan and Iraq inflicted heavy casualties .
" Our dependence on fuel adds significant cost and puts US soldiers and contractors at risk , " said Dorothy Robyn , deputy undersecretary of defence for the environment .
" Energy can be a matter of life and death and we have seen dramatically in Iraq and Afghanistan the cost of heavy reliance on fossil fuels . "
She told a conference call on Friday the Pentagon would seek to cut greenhouse gas emissions from non-combat operations by 34 % from 2008 levels by 2020 , in line with similar cuts by the rest of the federal government .
In addition to the threat of global warming , she said the Pentagon was concerned that US military bases in America were vulnerable because of their reliance on the electric grid to cyber attack and overload in case of a natural disaster .
The US air force , in response , has built up America 's biggest solar battery array in Nevada , and is testing jet fighter engines on biofuels .
The Marine Corps may soon start drilling its own wells to eliminate the need to truck in bottled water in response to recommendations from a taskforce on reducing energy use in a war zone .
But not all defence department officials have got on board , and Parthemore said she believes it could take some time to truly change the military mindset .
Parthemore writes of an exchange on a department of defence list - serv in December 2008 about whether global warming exists .
It ends with one official writing : " This is increasingly shrill and pedantic .
Moreover , it 's becoming boring . "
Chinese companies banned from doing business in the U.S. for allegedly selling missile technology to Iran continue to do a brisk trade with American companies , according to an analysis of shipping records .
A unit of state - owned China Precision Machinery Import - Export Corp. , for example , has made nearly 300 illegal shipments to U.S. firms since a ban was imposed on CPMIEC and its affiliates in mid-2006 , according to an analysis of shipping records by the Wisconsin Project on Nuclear Arms Control , a nonprofit proliferation watchdog .
A Wall Street Journal review of the records and interviews with officials at some of the American companies indicate that the U.S. firms likely were unaware they were doing business with banned entities , and in many cases were tripped up by altered company names .
The CPMIEC shipments , worth millions of dollars , include everything from anchors and drilling equipment to automobile parts and toys .
In many cases , CPMIEC acted as a shipping intermediary -- activity also banned under a 2006 presidential order .
The ability of CPMIEC and other foreign companies to continue doing business in the U.S. despite the sanctions comes as the Obama administration considers fresh economic sanctions against Iran .
The illegal shipments suggest that U.S. sanctions have become so numerous and complex that they have become difficult to enforce .
In the past , the Bush - Cheney administration could cover up their total control of the torture program and their direct authorization of the techniques used at Abu Ghraib by several distancing moves : " we are shocked that this happened " ; it was the work of a " few bad apples " ; the techniques we use are " relatively benign " ; waterboarding is only torture if the Communists do it , and so on .
But now we have a clear case of something that pierces through this mendacity like a dagger - Scott Horton 's haunting report in Harpers on those three strange 2006 suicides at Gitmo .
In Gitmo , the most tightly controlled and directly monitored prison and torture camp under Cheney 's control , we already had a report that casts extraordinary doubt on the story - line that three deaths in Gitmo in 2006 were suicides .
Dish readers may recall my recent airing of it here .
Now , we have guards who have given clear and powerful evidence that strongly suggests that the three prisoners who allegedly hanged themselves did no such thing .
There are now credible accounts that , far from being suicides , these deaths were either the result of serious negligence in treatment of prisoners under " enhanced interrogation " or that , quite simply , they were tortured so badly in what appears to be a secret Gitmo black site that they died .
Their deaths were then covered up and faked as suicides .
Like some footnote in Daniel Jonah Goldhagen 's work , these suicides were nonetheless described by the military as aggressive acts of asymmetrical warfare against the U.S.
Many branches of government must have been involved in such an act of torture or negligence or both , and the subsequent cover - up - from the FBI , the Justice Department , the State Department , the Pentagon and the CIA , and JSOC .
The cover - up appears to have been continued by the Obama administration - a staggering surrender to pragmatism that is in fact a cooptation of evil .
This deserves to be the biggest story on the torture issue since Abu Ghraib - because it threatens to tear down the wall of lies and denial that have protected Americans from facing what the last administration actually did .
Notice that these torture sessions - so severe they killed three prisoners - were conducted in June 2006 .
Long after the original crisis was over .
Long after we have been told real torture sessions occurred .
They were part of an ongoing torture program whose methods were so extreme that the Pentagon has already conceded that over a dozen prisoners had been tortured to death and up to a hundred US authorized deaths - by - torture are alleged by many human rights groups .
This case deserves a thorough and complete and exhaustive inquiry and investigation .
I no longer believe that any entity in the US government can be trusted with such a task .
The investigation must be able to go right to the very top of the torture program and do so with no political influence whatsoever .
The investigation must be conducted by an independent prosecutor - Patrick Fitzgerald comes to mind - or by the Red Cross or an international body .
It must go up the chain of command to the very top to find the real people who are responsible for this war crime and three homicides .
Among those who need to be subpoenaed are the former president and vice - president of the United States .
( Photos : Gitmo , John Moore / Getty )
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
There 's a lot of talk this morning about a speech yesterday by Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke .
At the annual meeting of the American Economic Association in Atlanta , he provided some concrete views on what caused the housing bubble .
Several articles I 've read about the speech imply that Bernanke is shoving off blame , since he says the Fed keeping interest rates extremely low should n't be faulted .
But what he says did cause the mess should still keep the Fed in the hot seat .
Yet , he 's using it to ask for even more responsibility .
First , I 'm not trying to agree that the Fed keeping rates so low had nothing to do with the housing bubble .
I actually believe that played a role , but certainly should n't take on close to all of the blame .
The more major cause according to Bernanke : not enough regulation .
After a lengthy argument that rates were n't the problem , he says :
What policy implications should we draw ?
I noted earlier that the most important source of lower initial monthly payments , which allowed more people to enter the housing market and bid for properties , was not the general level of short - term interest rates , but the increasing use of more exotic types of mortgages and the associated decline of underwriting standards .
That conclusion suggests that the best response to the housing bubble would have been regulatory , not monetary .
Stronger regulation and supervision aimed at problems with underwriting practices and lenders ' risk management would have been a more effective and surgical approach to constraining the housing bubble than a general increase in interest rates .
Moreover , regulators , supervisors , and the private sector could have more effectively addressed building risk concentrations and inadequate risk - management practices without necessarily having had to make a judgment about the sustainability of house price increases .
My first observation is that this hardly deflects criticism .
The Fed does n't only wear a rate - setting hat ; it 's also a regulator .
It could have stepped in and created rules for subprime mortgages , adjustable - rate mortgages , underwriting standards , etc .
It did n't do so in time .
So even if its rates setting policies did n't fail , its regulatory oversight certainly did .
Second , Felix Salmon makes an observation that I agree with regarding a paragraph following the one I quoted where Bernanke goes on :
The lesson I take from this experience is not that financial regulation and supervision are ineffective for controlling emerging risks , but that their execution must be better and smarter .
The Federal Reserve is working not only to improve our ability to identify and correct problems in financial institutions , but also to move from an institution - by - institution supervisory approach to one that is attentive to the stability of the financial system as a whole .
Toward that end , we are supplementing reviews of individual firms with comparative evaluations across firms and with analyses of the interactions among firms and markets .
We have further strengthened our commitment to consumer protection .
And we have strongly advocated financial regulatory reforms , such as the creation of a systemic risk council , that will reorient the country 's overall regulatory structure toward a more systemic approach .
The crisis has shown us that indicators such as leverage and liquidity must be evaluated from a systemwide perspective as well as at the level of individual firms .
Salmon says that he sees a power grab .
Presumably , he thinks Bernanke really means something like , " Gee , look : if we could regulate more , then we could have avoided this whole mess . "
Salmon is probably right .
Bernanke does n't appear to so much be looking for absolution for messing up as he does to try to argue that the Fed should be able to do even more regulation .
I think that 's nuts .
The Fed already had sufficient power to regulate mortgage banking , yet it failed to do so .
If it 's given even more regulatory authority , such as systemic risk regulation , why do I have any reason to believe that it will do better next time ?
To me , this amounts to someone dropping a dozen eggs and saying that he will do better if he has to carry two dozen next time instead .
I 've argued before , as the central bank the Fed has too many a conflicts - of - interest to be trusted to spearhead financial regulation .
One of its major priorities is to protect banks .
The moment that mission conflicts with sensible regulatory restraint , I worry that the Fed will defer to the banking industry 's stance .
You could even imagine back in 2004 that the Fed might have liked the housing boom and worried that full employment could suffer if the mortgage industry had more regulation .
Which priority should it put first -- regulation or full employment ?
While the Fed is talking loudly now about new regulation while we 're in the recessionary trough with 20 /20 hindsight , let 's see if it will be as quick to create and enforce new regulations when happy times are here again .
I remain highly skeptical .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Asked about the vulnerability of Iran 's nuclear installations , he told CNN : " Well , they certainly can be bombed .
The level of effect would vary with who it is that carries it out , what ordnance they have , and what capability they can bring to bear . "
WASHINGTON - Telling American Indian leaders " I 'm on your side , " President Barack Obama issued an order Thursday instructing federal agencies to do a much better job of consulting with tribes on numerous policies affecting Indian country .
The order , signed in front of a cheering throng of tribal leaders , was the highlight of a one - day summit that Obama pledged to hold during his presidential campaign last year .
Obama called the summit the largest gathering of Native American tribal leaders in U.S. history .
The federal government is obligated under established treaties to provide basic services to tribes , but Indians say the government rarely consults them about how those services should be delivered .
This order directs every Cabinet agency to draw up a detailed plan to improve tribal consultation .
" After all , there are challenges we can only solve by working together , " Obama said .
Representatives of 386 federally recognized tribes paid their way to come to the Interior Department for the summit , which featured discussion panels with Cabinet secretaries , federal lawmakers and the heads of agencies that deal directly with Indian issues .
The mood was generally upbeat , and the summit program included Indian ceremony and tradition .
The president playfully engaged the crowd during a question - and - answer session , a sign of the kinship Indians feel with Obama despite the deep resentment many have toward the federal government .
Thorny issues of tribal lands and trust responsibilities , which are the subjects of lawsuits brought by tribes against the government , were discussed , as was the need for more money for health care , education and law enforcement .
But few expect the gathering to solve problems immediately .
Talking about the poor treatment Indians have received , the president said he could relate from his own personal experiences as the son of a teenage mother and a father who abandoned his family .
" I 'm on your side .
I understand what it means to be an outsider .
I know what it means to feel ignored and forgotten , and what it means to struggle .
So you will not be forgotten as long as I 'm in this White House , " he said .
Indians say they finally have an ally in the White House .
Obama campaigned on their reservations , beefed up aid to their tribes , appointed several Indians to key administration positions and delivered on the summit .
" You 've restored hope to the Indian communities , " said Jefferson Keel , president of the National Congress of American Indians and a member of the Chickasaw Nation in Oklahoma , who introduced the president .
" We want to thank you for restoring that , not only just by your words , but by your actions . "
One of those actions is the order Obama signed Thursday .
Though it does not guarantee more money or favorable outcomes , the order promises a spirit of cooperation from Washington that Indian leaders said has been missing for years .
President Bill Clinton issued a similar order about a decade ago , but Indian leaders said little was done to enforce it .
They are much more optimistic about Obama .
Said Theresa Two Bulls , president of the South Dakota Oglala Sioux Tribe , one of the most impoverished in the nation : " It 's truly a beginning . "
The Washington Post and the Associated Press contributed to this article .
There is an old saying , " when in doubt follow the money . "
These days investors have lots of doubt about pretty much everything ( if not so much money ) .
And with data from the government increasingly bearing the Quality Control stamp of approval of the Beijing Communist Party , there is much doubt in store courtesy of an administration which will stop at nothing in its competition with China as to who can blow the biggest asset bubble the fastest , data integrity be damned .
Undoubtedly , of all government released data , the most important is , and continues to be , anything relating to unemployment .
This is precisely where the government 's propaganda armada is focused .
Yet in matters of ( un ) employment , the ultimate authority is , luckily , the Treasury , and not the Fed .
" Luckily , " because when it comes to making money " difficult to follow " Tim Geithner 's office still has much to learn .
Which is why when we looked at the Daily Treasury Statement data we were very surprised : because it indicates that the government could be underrepresenting employment data by up to 32 % !
The suddenly very prominent topic of Unemployment Insurance , whether it pertains to Initial Claims or to Emergency Unemployment , has one very useful characteristic : it is based on " money " , specifically money outflows from the US treasury which goes to fund the weekly " paychecks " of those that have not been in the workforce for well over a year .
And as pointed out earlier , money can be followed .
The US Treasury presents a daily in and outflow of all money sources in the Daily Treasury Statement prepared by the Financial Management Service .
And in the plethora of data presented here , probably the most relevant and useful data series is the Withdrawals quantified in the form of Unemployment Insurance Benefits .
Compiling the monthly data of Treasury Disbursements for Unemployment Insurance Benefits and then superimposing it with the total number of people receiving Insurance Benefits as disclosed by the Department of Labor is a useful exercise , as the two series have historically correlated with an R2 of well over 0.90 .
Below is an indexed comparison of UIB outlays and Unemployment Insurance Receivers for Fiscal 2007 .
Surely this is logical : the more unemployed collecting benefits from the government , the more the outlays .
Yet what struck us is the when this chart is presented from 2007 until today .
Something unusual emerges .
An absolute chart of the money spent by the government superimposed with the total insured unemployed is presented below :
Yet the best way to see what this chart indicates is on an indexed basis with a September 2007 baseline .
What becomes obvious is that a correlation which used to be almost 1.000 has diverged massively , and now the relative outlays surpass what the government highlights are the number of people actually collecting benefits by 32 % !
This implies two things : either the average unemployment monthly paycheck has surged , which is not the case , or there is some gray unemployment area which is not disclosed by the government , and which accounts for a shadow unemployed insurance economy .
Because while the DOL indicates there are about 9.5 million total unemployed , for the correlation to return to its near 1.0 trendline the number of unemployed on benefits has to be 14 million .
At least this is what the actual cash outlays by the Treasury suggest : the government spent a record $ 14.7 billion on Unemployment Insurance Benefits as of December 30 , a 24 % jump sequentially from the $ 11.8 billion in November .
Yet the DOL has disclosed a mere 1.7 % increase in those to whom insurance benefits are paid : from 9.4 million to just under 9.6 million .
To put the $ 14.7 billion number in perspective , in December the Federal Government paid a total of $ 14 billion ( $ 700 million less ) in Federal Salaries !
A cynic could be temped to say that effectively the number of people employed by the government is double what is disclosed .
A yet bigger cynic could claim that America is now the biggest socialist state in the world .
Both cynics would not necessarily be wrong .
And some more perspective : in calendar 2009 the government has paid $ 140 billion in Unemployment Insurance Benefits .
This is yet another economic stimulus that nobody in the administration discusses , yet which undoubtedly has the biggest impact on the economy , as all those millions unemployed can moderate their pain courtesy of a passable weekly check from the government which should just about cover the rent and beer .
Which is why more than anything , Obama is dead set on extending insurance benefit payments in perpetuity : because if the 10 million official and 14 million unofficial people who are on benefits ( not to mention the tens of millions of unemployed unlucky enough to even get their weekly allowance from Uncle Sam ) start thinking about their true predicament and their real " employability " , then a landslide loss by this administration at the mid-term elections will actually be an upside surprise to what it can objectively expect .
h/t Michael
Religious freedom is guaranteed under Malaysian law Several severed pigs ' heads have been found in mosque compounds in the Malaysian capital , Kuala Lumpur .
The national police chief , Musa Hassan , linked the discoveries to recent attacks on various houses of worship .
Pigs are considered unclean by Muslims and their presence in the mosque compound will be taken as an insult .
In recent weeks , 11 churches , one Sikh temple and some Muslim prayer halls have been vandalised amid a row over non-Muslims ' use of the word Allah .
Religious tensions in Malaysia have increased since a court ruled last month that a Roman Catholic newspaper could use the word Allah in its Malay - language edition to describe the Christian God .
Home Minister Hishammuddin Hussein said the people behind the latest incident would be brought to justice .
" The majority of Malaysians are peace - loving people , the majority of Malaysians would not do this act , " the AFP news agency quoted him as saying .
' Aggravation attempt ' AFP reported the police chief as saying he believed the attacks were being funded by a group that was attempting to worsen tensions in Malaysia , a predominantly Muslim nation which is also home to large ethnic Chinese and Indian communities .
" By looking at the modus operandi of the two incidents ...
I think it is the same group that is involved in the previous attacks , " he told reporters .
" I think they are throwing money [ to those carrying out the attacks ] to cause such incidents . "
Black paint was recently thrown at a Baptist Church in Malacca state
He added : " Do n't play with fire , I will not compromise on the security of the country .
Please do not provoke the public or any parties to undermine the security of the country . "
At least one severed pig's head was found at the Taman Dato Harun mosque in a nearby district , said the mosque 's prayer leader , Hazelaihi Abdullah .
The police chief confirmed this incident and said two others were left at the nearby Al Imam al Tirmizi mosque .
Separately , Zulkifli Mohamad , the top official at the Sri Sentosa Mosque on the outskirts of Kuala Lumpur , said men arriving for early morning prayers found two bloodied pigs ' heads in plastic bags in the compound .
" We feel this is an evil attempt by some people to aggravate tensions , " Mr Zulkifli told The Associated Press .
No-one has been hurt in the series of attacks on various houses of worship since the 31 December court ruling which allowed non-Muslims to use the word Allah as a translation for God .
Police have arrested 19 people in connection with the attacks so far .
Correspondents say some of Malaysia 's majority Muslim community suspect Christians of wanting to use the word Allah to encourage Muslims to convert to Christianity .
Analysts say the controversy has been stoked by hard - line elements within Malay Muslim political groups to assert Malay primacy in a shifting political scene .
The government has appealed against the ruling , in contrast to countries such as Indonesia , Egypt and Syria where Christian minorities freely use the Arabic word to refer to God .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A fiscal crisis is brewing in the US , UK , Greece , Ireland , Spain , Japan , as well as the highly touted wunderkind , China .
Please consider the latest reports from some key countries .
Greece
Bloomberg is reporting Greek Markets Rattled as EU Says Deficit Forecasts ‘ Unreliable ’ .
Greek stocks and bonds tumbled after the European Commission said “ severe irregularities ” in the nation ’s statistical data leave the accuracy of the European Union ’s largest budget deficit in doubt .
Papandreou ’s government raised the deficit forecast for last year to more than 12 percent soon after winning elections in October , from a previous forecast of 3.7 percent , the commission said in its report .
The declines in Greek bonds drove up the extra yield investors demand to hold the country ’s 10 - year notes instead of similar - maturity German bonds , the benchmark European securities , by 16 basis points to 234 , the highest since Jan .
1 . The difference averaged 55 basis points over the past 10 years .
Today ’s report marks the EU ’s latest challenge to Greek statistical data , after revisions in 2004 indicated the country should n’t have qualified to join the euro .
United Kingdom
Britain 's economy fell last year at the sharpest rate since 1921 , despite hopes that it finally emerged from recession in the last three months of the year , according to a respected economics forecaster .
For the year as a whole , the economy contracted by 4.8 per cent , a bigger fall than in any year of the Great Depression and the biggest contraction for 88 years .
Germany
Germany 's economy contracted 5 percent in 2009 amid the global economic downturn , by far its worst performance since World War II , official data showed Wednesday .
'' What was striking in 2009 is that both exports and capital formation in machinery and equipment slumped heavily , '' the office said in a statement .
'' Foreign trade , which in previous years had been a major driving force for growth in the German economy , slowed down economic development in 2009 . ''
Doctor Doom On The Coming Crisis
In 2009 , downgrades and debt auction failures in countries like the UK , Greece , Ireland and Spain were a stark reminder that unless advanced economies begin to put their fiscal houses in order , investors and rating agencies will likely turn from friends to foes .
Going forward , a weak economic recovery and an aging population is likely to increase the debt burden of many advanced economies , including the U.S. , Britain , Japan and several eurozone countries .
In 2008 and 2009 , the decisions by these governments to do " whatever it takes " to backstop their financial systems and keep their economies afloat soothed investor concerns .
But if countries remain biased toward continuing with loose fiscal and monetary policies to support growth , rather than focusing on fiscal consolidation , investors will become increasingly concerned about fiscal sustainability and gradually move out of debt markets they have long considered " safe havens . "
The UK , Spain , Greece and Ireland will face sovereign risk pressures , especially if their fiscal imbalances are not addressed immediately .
Some eurozone members are quickly approaching their debt sustainability limits as deleveraging through devaluation is not an option for these countries .
Countries like Germany — whose fiscal imbalances have deteriorated largely due to the economic and financial downturn — might have a greater capacity to stabilize their debt ratio .
The U.S. and Japan might be among the last to face investor aversion — the dollar is the global reserve currency and the U.S. has the deepest and most liquid debt markets , while Japan is a net creditor and largely finances its debt domestically .
States In Serious Trouble
California Cash Crunch
California 's main debt rating was cut on Wednesday by Standard & Poor 's , which said the government of the most populous U.S. state could nearly run out of cash in March -- and another rating cut might follow .
" The big question is , is there any fear they will get downgraded out of investment grade ( so ) you may have to sell ... that 's where I think it would get interesting or hairy , " said Eaton Vance portfolio manager Evan Rourke .
S&P 's downgrade was overdue because the state 's revenues have been so weak , said Dick Larkin , director of credit analysis at Herbert J. Sims Co Inc in Iselin , New Jersey .
" Frankly I can't understand why it took S&P so long , " he said .
" They could have made that decision back in September . "
Larkin said the three major rating agencies will hold off on more downgrades to California 's credit rating to avoid roiling the municipal debt market , even in the event budget talks between Schwarzenegger and lawmakers drag on .
" They 'll give the state an awful lot of rope , " Larkin said .
" For a state to go below investment grade would cast a pall on every state and local issuer out there . "
Rating Game Scam
Markets Will Sort This Out
NetWorkSpaces ( NWS ) is a new way to write parallel programs .
It allows you to take advantage of multicore and multiprocessors computers , as well as clusters , using scripting languages such as Python , R , and Matlab .
With NetWorkSpaces for Python , you can execute Python functions and methods in parallel using methods very much like the standard Python map function .
In some cases , you may be able to parallelize your program in minutes , rather than months .
For example , here 's a simple Python NWS script :
from math import sqrt from nws. sleigh import Sleigh s = Sleigh ( ) for x in s.imap ( sqrt , xrange ( 10 ) ) : print x
It looks pretty simple , and if you 're already familiar with the imap function in the standard itertools module , you 'll have no trouble with NetWorkSpaces .
And yet , it 's doing something extremely useful and powerful .
You can easily submit millions of tasks that will be executed in parallel , with the results returned to you for processing as they arrive .
NetWorkSpaces leverages Python iterators to perform that trick , and by using other functions in the itertools module , you can do in a few lines what would take thousands of lines of C and MPI code to do .
The example above executes three local workers , which is great if you have a four core processor , but if you 're using a cluster , all you have to do is construct your Sleigh as follows :
from nws.sleigh import sshcmd s = Sleigh ( launch=sshcmd , nodeList= [ ' node1 ' , ' node2 ' ] )
Now , your Sleigh will start workers on the specified list of machines using ssh .
Submitting tasks and processing results remains the same .
This makes it easy to develop your programs on your laptop , and deploy it later on a cluster .
NetWorkSpaces is also pretty easy to install , being written in pure Python , and installed using the standard Python Distutils .
However , for Windows users , we now have an " all - in- one " NetWorkSpaces installer , available at http://www.lindaspaces.com/downloads/NWSSetup-1.5.1.exe.
So give it a try , and find out how easy it is make your Python programs run faster .
For more information on NetWorkSpaces , see the article Python NetWorkSpaces and Parallel Programs at the Dr. Dobb 's web site .
Strong is your hold O mortal flesh . . .
From The Last Invocation , Walt Whitman
Is it just me , or are you also getting a bit tired of all the hype about the genome ?
Do n't get me wrong -- it 's pretty incredible that in my lifetime we have mapped out the 25,000 plus genes in our DNA .
What 's even more amazing is that the price for that chart of the human genome has gone from millions to less than $ 50,000 and now it takes only a few weeks .
I bet by next year it might be a few hundred dollars and take a day !
Companies like 23andMe ( an innovative venture with a great marketing plan ) offer to check you for genetic markers that predict your risk for certain diseases for just a few hundred dollars .
But the fact remains that for most of us , the genotype is much less relevant than the phenotype .
What is phenotype ?
It is the things we can see , the outward or observable physical or biochemical characteristics and they are determined by both your genetic makeup and environmental influences .
Your blond hair , your weight , your strange nose , green eyes and that funky shaped little toe of yours -- all examples of phenotype .
So what do I mean when I say phenotype is more relevant than genotype ?
Well , let 's say a new patient , a male , walks into my office and he is in his fifties .
Let 's say he happens to have the outline of a pack of cigarettes showing in his front pocket .
As a male he already has one risk factor for coronary artery disease -- just being male , alas .
The cigarettes tell me that he is four times more likely to have a heart attack than his peers who do n't smoke .
His risk of sudden death is at least doubled .
Let 's say I notice he happens to be carrying more than 30 pounds of extra poundage above the belt line : that allows me to predict he has a higher chance of being at risk for diabetes , if he is not already frankly diabetic .
Let 's say that I notice too the pale outline of a recently - removed wedding ring ( I can't help it , my eyes are always looking at the body as text - - even when I am out of the hospital ) , then I know that his risk of death as a recently divorced man can be double that of his married peers .
On election night 2008 , i had the chance to speak with my newly reelected representative in a setting more private than the average meeting with a politician .
That was quite a night , was n’t it ?
After eight long years of Bush - Cheney running all sorts of rampant over everything from our civil liberties to our economy and a few foreign nations in between it was hard not to savor a moment where so much seemed , once again possible .
I looked down on the twinkling lights of my little city from the penthouse suite of our luxury hotel and felt hope …even through my well - cultivated cynicism .
I asked my representative , “ What ’s the agenda when you return to Washington ? ”
I did not get any “ inside information ” .
He told me that the newly enlarged Democratic majority led by the newly elected Democratic President would first work to stabilize the financial crisis and then move on to tackling health care reform .
If i remember correctly , the goal after that was Iraq … but i ca n’t be sure .
It was a long time ago now and i’m not always the best listener .
We ’ll skip over the Democratic Party ’s idea of stabilization and financial industry reform .
To some degree that situation was forced upon them , and while they continue to do a shitty job from a Main Street perspective , that should come as no surprise .
Look at who filled their campaign coffers .
Health care was the battle that the Democrats chose .
Many ( if not most ) of us who voted for them wanted that battle .
It ’s a good battle , because the US needs health care reform badly .
Too many hard - working Americans fall victim to the lack of decent health care , and far too many have their financial future ruined by our current system designed to produce ever - increasing quarterly profits rather than providing health care .
I ’ve yet to read anyone who says that either of the bills we ’re looking at are good .
There are plenty of people who want the reform badly , but see a process so botched that they ’d rather kill the bills than accept table scraps from the insurance industry .
Of course , there is a chorus of professional and amateur pundits telling us to be satisfied with incremental improvements and that what we see is the very best that we can hope to get right now .
Bullshit .
If there ’s one thing that ’s perfectly clear , it ’s that from the perspective of Democratic leadership the most important thing is not health care reform itself .
The important thing is to be able to say that the Democratic Party achieved “ health care reform ” .
When the President says that he ’s 95 % satisfied he ’s not necessarily saying that he likes 95 % of the bill ( though he might be saying that ) .
He ’s saying that he ’s satisfied by any bill reaching his desk for signature .
He ’s already comparing himself to FDR and making statements about how no other Democratic President has achieved what he ’s about to achieve .
See , this is n’t about the reform , it ’s about electoral politics .
Making the insurance companies and the pharmaceutical companies happy means campaign contributions ; that much is clear and understandable … if sleazy .
The problem is that there ’s some sort of alternate reality generator running in Washington D.C. that completely disconnects politicians from their constituents .
The GOP is salivating at the passage of “ Obamacare ” , because it will be the political equivalent of a two by four with framing spikes pounded through .
Not only have the Republicans got the kind of change they can believe in , they ’re going to bash Democrats over the head with it for years to come .
LBJ famously gave up the South for a generation to do the right thing .
Mr. Obama can make no such claim , because he ’s not doing the right thing .
He ’s setting the stage for a grand screwing over of the American people that will cost his party at the polls for at least as long as LBJ ’s civil rights actions .
But that is apparently okay by him so long as he can say , “ I signed a health care reform bill . ”
The apologists cry that something is better than nothing reeks of hollow , political expediency .
Do any of them really think that either of these bills ( or the reconciled version of both ) will be significantly improved upon in the near future ?
I know that it ’s the popular meme to throw at the discontented , but really … how about showing us some examples of that process that are less than four decades old .
I want health care reform , and while i fully understand that politics is the art of the possible , i do not accept that trope as an excuse for doing a thoroughly shitty job .
Negotiations are always about the possible , but only a fool starts them by offering less than what he ’s willing to accept in the end .
Then again , “ Democrats on Crack ” explains a lot in very few words , does n’t it ?
The government is to review an air defense system established after the September 11 , 2001 attacks to determine whether the costly program is still necessary , the New York Times reported Friday .
The review is expected to include a complete reassessment of the threat of a terror attack by air and will consider the cumulative effects of various security measures taken since the 2001 attacks .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The fighter force is extremely expensive , so you always have to ask yourself the question ‘ How much is enough ? ' ”
Major General Pierre Forgues , the Canadian who currently serves as director of operations for the North American Aerospace Defense Command , commonly known as Norad , told the paper .
The Times notes that US “ Gen. Victor E. Renuart Jr. , the head of Norad and Northern Command , ordered the review in response to criticism this year by the Government Accountability Office that the command had failed to conduct ‘ routine risk assessments . ’
General Renuart expanded the scope of the review ‘ to refine how we allocate and request resources today , ’ said the commands ’ spokesman , James Graybeal . ”
The program currently involves keeping dozens of military aircraft and hundreds of air crew on alert to respond to any threats , though air patrols of US cities ended in 2007 .
The review of the program , expected to be complete by next spring , will look at the likelihood of terrorists hijacking a plane or piloting their own aircraft into US or Canadian airspace .
It will try to assess whether the air defense program is necessary in light of various security measures , including airport screening , passenger tracking and secured airliner cockpits , that were implemented after the 9/11 attacks .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The ability of terrorists to do what they did on 9/11 has been greatly curtailed , ” Forgues told the Times .
However , he warned that the outcome of the review was not predetermined and the program could be maintained at current levels or even scaled up if deemed necessary .
Norad statistics show that there were 1,000 incidents of suspicious air activity last year , with 400 requiring a Norad response and 200 prompting jet fighters to be scrambled , the Times said .
Australian painters and photographers may soon need to watch their step , as an overhaul of child pornography laws in New South Wales looks set to remove the defence of " artistic merit " from the statute books .
The issue arose when Police raided an exhibition of works by Melbourne artist Bill Henson in May 2008 .
They were responding to a public outcry over the picture of a naked 12 - year - old girl featured on an invitation to the exhibition .
The exhibition was closed , and 32 pictures were seized .
However , the NSW Director of Public Prosecutions , Nicholas Cowdery , QC , declined to prosecute , while the Classification Board declared the images were not pornography .
The controversy was taken up by the State Government , which instructed the Child Pornography Working Party to review the existing laws and to create a clear distinction between child porn and art .
This they have now done with the simple recommendation , contained in a report presented last Friday , that art cease to be a consideration when determining whether an image is or is not pornographic .
This conclusion has been supported by NSW Attorney - General John Hatzistergos , who said that any new laws should apply to the production , distribution and possession of child pornography .
He added : " The fact that it is art can not be used as a defence .
The report recommends that once such material has been found to be unlawfully pornographic , whether or not it is intended to be art is irrelevant . "
This conclusion has been welcomed by Hetty Johnston , chief executive of Child protection group Bravehearts .
She said : " This makes the intention clear that legislatively the mood is to change on child sexual exploitation .
" The arts community might be concerned about the loss of their rights but I 'm more concerned about the rights of children . "
She also expressed the hope that the legislation , would be replicated in other parts of Australia , such as Tasmania , South Australia and the Northern Territory .
This issue goes to the heart of what is considered pornographic , with a growing tendency in some legislatures to regard nudity – particularly nudity of children – as sexual and therefore , by definition , pornographic , irrespective of the content of the picture .
Back in October 2008 , a New York art gallery responded to the Henson controversy by deleting images of naked adolescent girls from an online promotion of a new exhibition by that artist .
In autumn 2009 , the Tate Gallery removed a picture of a young Brooke Shields from public display after the police suggested that it might fall foul of laws on child pornography .
Whilst it is easy to understand the intention behind this proposed change to the law , it is less easy to see how it will work in practice .
In the UK , the Obscene Publications Act 1959 specifically exempts material produced for artistic , scientific or literary purposes .
Removing these exemptions would see huge swathes of material – from books on medieval art , to modern medical textbooks – at risk of prohibition .
Even the extreme porn laws much criticised by libertarians within the UK make it plain that whether material is deemed to be pornographic or not will depend on the purpose for which it was created ( i.e. , material created for purposes of sexual arousal is likely to be deemed pornographic ) .
Whilst this is not a full - blown artistic exemption , it is clear that the scope exists within the legislation for the courts to build one into the law .
Assuming that the NSW government gets its act together on these proposals , they could be brought before the State parliament within the next month . ®
I have the chance to interact with a lot of fans of American Muscle cars on a regular basis .
I also speak with a lot of people in the automotive and restoration industry as well as those that sell classic cars for a living .
Everyone seems to whole heartedly agree – there has NEVER been a better time to be a muscle car guy…or gal !
The year 2009 has had many highs and lows , but it seems that the wonderful world of muscle cars has nothing but positive things going for it .
Whether you prefer old muscle cars or new ones , restoration projects or hot rodding projects , or just like investing in some of the best Detroit Iron ever made , 2009 has offered you absolutely everything you could ask for .
Let ’s review a few highlights !
“ New ” Muscle :
Right now the Big 3 ( despite any other troubles they may have ) are cranking out some of the best , fastest , and safest muscle cars ever made – and they ’re even environmentally friendly .
The new Camaro , Mustang , and Challenger are all fantastic cars – and the aftermarket has latched on to them like crazy .
SLP , Shelby , Hurst , Hennessey , and the like are absolutely in love with the new Detroit muscle .
In fact , a 500 horsepower version of their cars seems a little tame by today ’s standards !
If a new ride is to your liking you need go no fuirther than your local Chevy , Ford , or Dodge dealer and check all the boxes on your order sheet .
It ’s that easy .
( Well , you ’ll have to pay for it , but other than that it ’s pretty easy . )
Perhaps you prefer a new – old – car ?
No problem .
Order a Dyacorn replacement body for your favorite GM or Ford muscle car and start wrenching .
Restoration and Hot Rodding Muscle :
If you ’re restoring an old muscle car , or hot rodding one , nearly everything you need to get the job done can be delivered in a box to your front door .
Year
One recently started producing the long awaited 1968 and 1969 Charger taillight panels along with brand new 1970 ‘ Cude grilles .
Until now , things like these had to be hand repaired out of multiple donor parts !
If you ’re hot rodding a car , life really has never been easier – or faster !
You can order any brake and suspension combo from mild to wild to help your old muscle car corner and stop like a new one .
Not enough ?
Order up a brand new chassis – with all of the latest goodies – and simply bolt your body to it .
( Look for a future podcast on this subject featuring Street Rod Garage ! )
Still not enough ?
Throw in a 500 hp fuel injected and computer controlled crate engine .
( If you ’re a GM person , GM Performance Parts just released their new E - Rod line at the 2009 SEMA Show .
You can drop the entire engine and emissions contol system from a 2010 Camaro SS into your car ! )
Investment Muscle :
If you ’re a traditionalist and want to keep the the old muscle cars the way they were born , you ’re not alone …. and your options to get one are plentiful .
Barrett Jackson and Mecum are offering some of the finest auctions around to purchase any muscle car you ’ve ever dreamed off .
The dealers that advertise here at The MuscleCar Place have the finest inventory available anywhere – and they ’d love nothing more than to prove it to you .
Whatever your price range or intention for your car is , you ’re covered !
Summary :
Quite honestly , if you ’re into muscle cars , the world is your oyster right now .
New , old , resto , original , hot - rodded , etc. – it ’s all out there for you .
Better yet , tomorrow is looking even better !
Stay tuned , and prepare to burn a lot of gas – and a lot more rubber !
To receive our blog posts via e-mail , click HERE .
=========================
Robert Kibbe
The MuscleCar Place – Great Muscle Cars for Sale
× This page contains archived content and is no longer being updated .
At the time of publication , it represented the best available science .
In the early twentieth century , when big American cities spawned satellite cities , those satellites were often downscaled mimics of the cities they surrounded .
Like New York City , for example , its suburb Newark , New Jersey , had its own downtown .
In the second half of the twentieth century , however , a different kind of satellite city emerged : a populous suburb with no central business core .
“ Boomburbs ” — suburbs with populations of 100,000 or more that have maintained double - digit growth over decades — are primarily a phenomenon of the southern and western United States .
According to a study published in 2001 , the U.S. city with the highest percentage of its population living in boomburbs was Phoenix , Arizona , where over 40 percent of the population lived in such satellite cities .
Phoenix ’s fastest - growing boomburb was Chandler , shown in these images from NASA ’s Landsat 5 satellite on November 7 , 1989 ( top ) , and October 29 , 2009 ( bottom ) .
On the southeastern outskirts of the Phoenix metropolitan area , Chandler grew from just 3,799 residents in 1950 to 176,581 residents in 2000 , based on 10 - year census figures .
The differences between these images indicate that a significant portion of that growth happened after 1989 .
Like much of the American Southwest , southern Arizona is arid , and agriculture depends on irrigation .
As a result , cultivated fields — rectangles of green and brown — contrast with the pale tan of the naturally bare desert soil .
In the 1989 image , most of the land east of Chandler is agricultural .
Between 1989 and 2009 , however , most of the fields give way to the blue - gray colors of buildings and pavement .
In 2009 , only a small number of agricultural fields remain , mostly east and south of Route 202 .
Because many of the United States ’ boomburbs occur in the arid Southwest , planning for their water needs is particularly challenging for metropolitan and municipal governments .
( Although Chandler was the fastest - growing boomburb in Phoenix as of the 2001 study , it was not the largest .
North of Chandler , Mesa ( shown in the large image ) had a population of almost 400,000 in the year 2000 . )
NASA Earth Observatory image created by Jesse Allen , using Landsat data provided by the United States Geological Survey .
Caption by Michon Scott .
The Isle of the Dead
Arnold Bocklin was a 19th century symbolist painter whose work influenced and inspired Salvador Dali , Sergi Rachmaninoff , Marcel Duchamp and H. R. Giger .
Adolph Hitler owned eleven of his paintings and cited Bocklin as his favorite painter .
Click through the jump for a gallery of weird and wonderful art by this little known , but profoundly influential artist …
The following images come from this great Japanese site devoted to Bocklin 's work .
( Too bad I do n't speak Japanese ! )
Here are some other great 19th century symbolist and romantic painters to check out at the same site …
Henry Fuseli
Thomas Cole
Jean - Auguste - Dominique Ingres
George Frederic Watts
John Martin
Jean Delville
Louis Janmot
Evelyn De Morgan
Gaetano Previati
So , I 've been away for a while .
Primarily , because I 've shifted my attention to finishing my thesis this year - and also because the Funtik situation rather discouraged me .
The original plan was to reupload all the translated Russian animated films that used to be on my Niffiwan account on Youtube in four new places ( so that there would n't be a single point of failure ) : a new Youtube account , Dailymotion , DotSub and VeeHD .
Those were the only sites I found at the time which supported separate subtitles , but all had various flaws :
•On Youtube , some videos were censored as soon as I tried to upload them •On Dailymotion , the video quality was n't sharp and subtitles would often just stop playing midway through a video•On DotSub , the collaborative translation features were great but the video quality was n't , and also I could n't upload just a translation , I had to make a transcription of the original Russian text for every video , too •On VeeHD , the video quality was great but all videos would need to be transferred to DivX and Sub2 DivX used to put subtitles into the DivX file .
And it would be impossible to change the subtitles once they were in .
I did finish the Dailymotion uploading , but not the others - in the end , it was just too much work .
I started doing this because I wanted to add translations for films I like , share them with others and talk about them , not spend days and weeks transcoding and uploading video files , only to risk having everything deleted and have to do it all over again .
So I decided to wait until some technology came out that would make it easier to keep videos online - either some torrent - based Youtube replacement like the Pirate Bay 's once - planned VideoBay , or a .onion video sharing site run through the Tor network .
Neither of those has happened yet as far as I know , but I 've recently discovered two other new sites / services that I think might be a solution , one of them existing and one of them in the early stages .
The first is MediaGoblin , an open - source , decentralized replacement for Youtube ( as well as Flickr , Thingaverse , SoundCloud and others ) that 's currently having a fundraising drive ( ending in 5 days ) .
There is no subtitle support yet , but it is something that the developers want to add .
Importantly , it should be possible to back up the information for one account ( videos and comments ) and move it to another instance or hosting provider if anything happened .
The other project I discovered is UniversalSubtitles.org aka .
Amara .
This is like DotSub , except that you do n't have to upload or transcode any big video files , you just need a link to the video you want to translate posted somewhere online in one of these formats , and then you can create , import or export subtitles in any of these formats .
This means that it 's much quicker to add translations , and I could even use the officially - uploaded videos ( such as ChannelAIR for Ukranimafilm / Kievnauchfilm ) .
If a video is deleted on Youtube , it 's possible to just change the video location ( although this feature was broken until recently ) .
For example , check out the translations of the MediaGoblin campaign video :
The actual video is not on universalsubtitles.org , instead it takes the original video from http://gobblin.se/media/media_entries/875/mediagoblin_campaign_pitch.webm and overlays subtitles on top .
There are subtitles in English , Spanish , Arabic and Icelandic .
Anybody can edit them or add a new language translation .
You can also embed the video with the subtitles on a website , but LiveJournal does n't seem to support it unfortunately .
Now , it would be really convenient if universalsubtitles.org could work with some of the websites which already have a lot of Russian animation stored in streaming video , such as mults .
info - it uses JWPlayer which is supported , but they hide the URL so I suppose this can't work .
So anyway , in the coming weeks I 'll try to figure this out . :)
First Amara , then MediaGoblin once that gets off the ground - because it would be really nice to not lose all the nice comments and discussion when a video has to move .
In the meantime , the Animatsiya Wiki has been getting steady , consistent updates .
I also have an archive of many ripped subtitle files from Youtube accounts that are no longer available , and I 'll put them up for download eventually ( until then , if anybody is looking for something that is no longer up , please ask ) .
How well does the IPCC police the police ?
Six years after the Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) was founded , there are still concerns about the effectiveness and independence of policing the police , as BBC File On 4's Gerry Northam explains .
Nick Hardwick says deaths in custody have been reduced
The IPCC was set up to provide impartial investigations of complaints against the police in England and Wales but former Commissioner John Crawley , who left in 2008 , says he is disillusioned with what it has achieved .
" Why should the public have confidence in a complaints system when they know that the odds are hugely stacked against having their complaint upheld and are even more stacked against them in terms of the prospect of a police officer who has done something wrong being held to account ? " he told File on 4 .
" The fundamental charge against the IPCC appeals system , for the past six years , is that it has not produced any significant change that anyone can point to in the fairness and rigour of the police complaints system , " said Mr Crawley , who decided against applying for a fresh term on the commission in 2008 .
The IPCC replaced the Police Complaints Authority ( PCA ) in 2004 following the 2002 Police Reform
Act giving a public body powers for the first time to investigate the police directly .
The PCA had merely overseen a self - investigation system .
Both the 1993 Macpherson Inquiry into the racist murder of Stephen Lawrence and Lord Scarman 's inquiry into the Brixton riots had recommended the establishment of an independent body to investigate police complaints .
' Under achievement '
But according to Mr Crawley : " Very little of what was hoped for back in 2004 , when the organisation was launched , has been achieved . "
It is a fact that the commission only directly investigated a tiny proportion of complaints against police last year - just 88 of more than 31,000 .
The Independent Police Complaints Commission Hears appeals against the way a police force dealt with a complaint Deals with mandatory referrals such as deaths in police custody Can investigate a complaint directly Can either manage a police force 's investigation of a complaint or supervise an investigation
The remainder were investigated by the police force against whom the original complaint was made , in a minority of cases this was under the management or supervision of the IPCC .
Last year there were a further 4,600 appeals to the IPPC about the original forces ' conclusions - 29 % of appeals were upheld .
Custody deaths
The IPCC 's chair Nick Hardwick however believes the IPCC has ushered in substantial advances .
" I would say we 've cut the numbers of deaths in police custody by half , " he told the BBC .
The prospect of civil litigation is a more effective way of getting a police force to sit up and put its house in order
Marian Ellingworth , lawyer Mr Hardwick added : " I would say more complaints in actual numbers are being substantiated than before . "
Some lawyers , however , doubt the effectiveness of the IPCC .
Marian Ellingworth cites the case of her client Courtney Bland , a juvenile who was cleared of assaulting a police officer .
She doubts the effectiveness of the IPCC .
The boy 's family complained of wrongful arrest , assault and that the officer had used abusive language during a scuffle with Courtney when he was aged 15 .
Lawsuit success
The IPCC rejected the family 's appeal against the Metropolitan Police , although the force later made an out - of - court settlement of £ 25,000 with the family and offered an official apology .
" I think it shows that the prospect of civil litigation is a more effective way of getting a police force to sit up and put its house in order , " said Ms Ellingworth .
But in Nick Hardwick 's view the doubling of complaints the IPCC has to deal with about the police demonstrates public confidence in the commission .
" I can point to any number of cases where we have taken action against senior officers , " he said .
And he added : " I 'm not saying we do n't need to improve , of course I 'm not saying we do n't get it right on every occasion , but I think the IPCC and the people who work for it do a difficult job and have a record they can be proud of . "
File on 4 is on BBC Radio 4 on Tuesday , 19 January , at 2000 GMT , repeated Sunday , 24 January , at 1700 GMT .
You can also listen via the BBC iPlayer after broadcast or download the podcast .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
May 3 , 1971 When : October 1971
Background :
For years officer Frank Serpico testified against bad cops , collected evidence against corruption in the New York City police department , and repeatedly failed to get superiors to act on his allegations .
He was n't a popular guy in the precincts .
Getting nowhere inside the system , Serpico contributed to an April 1970 New York Times expose that reported that police were earning millions of dollars a year from payments from drug dealers , mobsters , and even small businesses .
The story leads Mayor Lindsay to form the Knapp commission the following month to investigate the charges .
A year later Serpico is shot in the face during a drug raid but survives .
Officers do not call for aid and Serpico believes he was set up .
" A high - ranking police official said later , ' that when word came in that Serpico had been shot , this building shook .
We were terrified that a cop had done it ' . "
 From the May 1971 New York article , " Portrait of an Honest Cop " by Robert Daly
The testimony : In October of 1971 , Serpico testified in front of the Knapp Commission : " The problem is that the atmosphere does not yet exist in which honest police officers can act without fear of ridicule or reprisal from fellow officers . "
He retires from the force the following year .
Why he mattered : " Frank Serpico !
The first police officer not only in the history of the New York Police Department , but in the history of any police department in the whole United States , to step forward to report and subsequently testify openly about widespread , systematic cop corruption - payoffs amounting to millions of dollars . "
 Peter Maas , author of the book Serpico , in the 25th anniversary issue of New York Magazine .
The movie : Serpico starring Al Pacino ( 1973 )
The Hurt Locker just locked down another award .
The Iraq war drama crushed the competition at this year 's National Society of Film Critics Awards , taking home prizes Sunday for Best Picture , Director ( Kathryn Bigelow ) and Actor ( Jeremy Renner ) .
Hurt Locker 's triple - play sweep made it the first film since 1997's L.A. Confidential to rack up top accolades from the National Society as well as the Los Angeles and New York critics ' groups .
Aside from topping the lists of the New York Film Critics Circle and the Los Angeles Film Critics , the film was named top movie by reviews in Boston , Chicago , San Francisco , and Las Vegas , as well as at the Satellite Awards and the Gotham Independent Awards .
The flick was also nominated for the Golden Globes and SAG Awards , made the AFI 's list of the year 's Top 10 films and is a definite Oscar player .
Speaking of sure things , Precious hell mother Mo'Nique and Inglourious Basterds baddie Christoph Waltz continued their domination of the supporting acting categories with wins from the national critics .
( Waltz actually finished in a tie with Bright Star 's Paul Schneider . )
Best Actress props went to French star Yolande Moreau for Seraphine .
Here 's the complete list of winners :
Stop Whole Body Imaging
Stop whole body imaging in U.S. airports !
Join National Opt- Out Day -- Wednesday , November 24 , 2010 !
A major campaign effort by OptOutDay.com is underway .
US
Air travelers who oppose the use of invasive body scanners in airports are asked to decline en masse to being subjected to a digital stripsearch on Wednesday , November 24 , 2010 .
Privacy Coalition member organizations are engaged in an ongoing campaign to suspend the use of " Whole Body Imaging " -- devices that photograph American air travelers stripped naked in US airports .
The campaign responds to a policy reversal in Spring 2009 by the TSA which would now make the " virtual strip search " mandatory , instead of voluntary as originally announced .
EPIC and others say that there are inadequate safeguards to prevent the misuse of the images .
The Coalition requests that Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano suspend the program and allow for public comment .
For more information , see EPIC's Whole Body Imaging page .
After signing the letter using the form at the bottom of this page , consider joining the Facebook Group " Stop Airport Strip Searches "
The objections to the technology are outlined in the following letter sent to Secretary Napolitano .
The letter :
May 31 , 2009
Secretary Janet Napolitano
Department of Homeland Security
U.S. Department of Homeland Security
Washington , DC 20528
Dear Secretary Napolitano ,
We the undersigned privacy , consumer rights , religious , and civil rights organizations are writing to you regarding the Transportation Security Administration 's announced plan to deploy Whole Body Imaging as the primary means of screening airline passengers in the United States .
We strongly object to this change in policy and urge you to suspend the program until the privacy and security risks are fully evaluated .
Whole Body Imaging systems , such as backscatter x-ray and millimeter wave , capture a detailed image of the subject stripped naked .
In this particular application , your agency will be capturing the naked photographs of millions of American air travelers suspected of no wrongdoing .
Moreover , the privacy problems with these devices have still not been adequately resolved .
Even though a " chalk line " image is displayed to an operator in a remote location and even though the TSA undertook a Privacy Impact Assessment and said that the image - recording feature would be disabled , it is obvious that the devices are designed to capture , record , and store detailed images of individuals undressed .
If the public understood this , they would be outraged -- many on religious grounds -- by the use of these devices by the US government on US citizens .
" The desire to shield one 's unclothed figure from view of strangers , and particularly strangers of the opposite sex , in impelled by elementary self - respect and personal dignity , " said the U.S. Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals in 1958 .
The law of privacy , according to a federal judge in California in 1976 , " encompasses the individual 's regard for his own dignity ; his resistance to humiliation and embarrassment ; his privilege against unwanted exposure of his nude body and bodily functions . "
Both courts were discussing dignity in prisons , even though other rights of privacy are not accorded inmates .
Further , the TSA repeatedly stated that these systems would only be used for secondary screening of passengers and only as a voluntary alternative to a pat - down search .
The fact that the TSA reversed itself on the central question of whether these systems would be voluntary makes obvious the risk that the TSA will later reverse itself on the retention of images .
More must be known about the use of these devices .
The American public is directly impacted by the planned use of these systems and should be given an opportunity to express its views .
We ask that the use of " Whole Body Imaging " technology undergo a 90 - day formal public rulemaking process to receive public input on the agency 's use of " Whole Body Imaging " technologies .
In the interim , the agency should suspend the use of Whole Body Imaging to screen all travelers .
Individuals who are asked to undergo secondary screening must be fully informed of their right to alternative secondary screening options .
Not native English speaking passengers must be informed via multi-lingual oral and written formats that include an image comparable to the size of the image that will be produced by the Whole Body Image technology .
Passengers should also have alternatives to the Whole Body Imaging option for secondary screening such as a pat down , or physical search of carry - on bags .
The TSA should also investigate less invasive means of screening airline passengers .
The expense of the technology to taxpayers should be considered in light of other less costly means of creating a secure air travel experience .
Finally , we seek a full investigation of the medical and health implications of repeated exposure to Whole Body Imaging technology .
The frequency of air travel , medical conditions such as pregnancy , and chronic health conditions , and repeated exposure of TSA and airport personnel stationed in the vicinity of the technology should be assessed .
Age , gender , pre-existing medical conditions , and other factors should be evaluated and medical recommendations developed regarding the use of any Whole Body Imaging system .
Sincerely ,
Resources
Latest News
About Whole Body Imaging
Transportation Security Administration 's Privacy Impact Assessment , October 17 , 2008
Government Accounting Office Report : Airline Passenger Screening , September 24 , 2003
Blogs on Whole Body Imaging
[ As of June 6 , 2009 ] American Association of Small Property OwnersAmerican Civil Liberties UnionAmericans for Democratic ActionCenter for Democracy and TechnologyCalegislationCenter for Digital DemocracyCenter for Financial Privacy and Human RightsConstitution ProjectConsumer ActionConsumer Travel AllianceConsumer WatchdogConsumer Federation of AmericaCyber Privacy ProjectDiscrimination and National Security InitiativeElectronic Privacy Information CenterFairfax County Privacy CouncilFeminists for Free ExpressionFlorida Breast Cancer Resource NetworkGun Owners of AmericaIdentity Project ( PapersPlease.org ) Liberty CoalitionNational Center for Transgender EqualityNational Workrights InstitutePain Relief NetworkPatient Privacy RightsPrivacy ActivismPrivacy Rights ClearinghousePrivacy TimesThe Multiracial ActivistThe Rutherford InstituteTransgender Law CenterU.S. Bill of Rights FoundationWoodhull Freedom FoundationWorld Privacy Forum
Für heute noch einige Produktideen und Impressionen zum Atelierstil .
Keha3 ist ein Unternehmen für Industrie - Design aus Estonia und noch recht neu ...
A good album cover is a visual extension of what both album and artist are about .
The best ones are instantly recognizable : four guys in suits crossing a street , the prism and the rainbow on black , the underwater baby chasing the dollar bill .
Classic album covers become a part of us , forever ingrained our cultural DNA .
The opposite — the album covers so jumbled that they give us pause — may not innately have the lasting power , but they should n’t be passed by without acknowledgment .
Thus , this list .
Like any year , 2009 had its share of uncomely album covers ( and we encourage you to post any we ’ve missed in the comments below ) , but these are the 10 we think are the worst .
10 The Flaming Lips : Embryonic
The Flaming Lips ’ 12th album is a mammoth , hour - plus psychedelic freakout and a welcome return to relevance from a band that has spent most of the aughts turning out increasingly rote variations on the same cosmic love song .
But riddle me this :
What is going on in that picture ?
A poor girl drowning in a sea of hair ?
Stranger still is the album ’s special edition , which comes in a box fully encased in fur .
9 Jay Reatard : Watch Me Fall
By now , most of us are accustomed to the sight of Jay “ Reatard ” Lindsey in various states of undress .
He appeared barely clothed and drenched in fake blood on the cover of 2006 ’s Blood Visions .
He lay semi-nude in a tub full of 45s for Matador Singles ’08 .
He ’s got his clothes back on for Watch Me Fall , but somehow this one ’s the creepiest .
That pale skin , the spooky trees and smoke in the background , that crotchety , Slanketed glare .
No wonder the band quit .
8 Kiss : Sonic Boom
Calling Kiss the worst of anything in 2009 is a little unfair .
Simmons and company have n’t produced much of value in most of our lifetimes , Kiss - themed coffins notwithstanding .
The glory days of hard - rocking , blood - vomiting vampire kabuki shtick are over .
This year they ’ve come out of retirement for the umpteenth time to prey on the finances and dignity of baby boomers worldwide .
And the cover of Sonic Boom , is plain terrible , even for them .
It ’s worse than Love Gun .
Worse than Rock and Roll Over .
7 Neil Young : Fork in the Road
Most of Neil Young ’s peers have fallen by the wayside , succumbing to drug overdoses , legal woes , and self - parody .
But Young just keeps chugging along , releasing records just as steadily at 63 as he did when he was 23 .
Fork in the Road is a concept album about his electric Lincoln Continental .
A documentary on the car and its technological innovations is in the works .
Which sounds entirely watchable .
But here ’s hoping whoever OK ’d that half - assed , pixelated camera - phone cover is out on the bread line right now .
6 Brooke Hogan : The Redemption
Brooke Hogan ’s 2006 debut , Undiscovered , sold 100,000 copies off the strength of her family ’s reality show .
This year ’s The Redemption has sold a tenth of that .
Maybe it ’s her lack of musical talent .
Maybe it ’s the stable of no -name hacks responsible for the production .
Maybe it ’s that ghastly cover , which apparently takes its inspiration from those tawdry , bootlegged Tupac and Biggie memorial T - shirts .
Who knew angels wore rhinestone braziers and no panties ?
5 KRS One & Buckshot : Survival Skills
OK , we get it : The album is called Survival Skills .
Here ’s a picture of KRS and Buckshot scaling some misty , craggy mountain and almost falling off .
It is n’t the terrible perspective on the fake mountain range that ruins this cover .
It is n’t the layer upon layer of amateurish cloud effects that mar the picture .
It ’s the faces .
Kris , you ’re the only thing keeping your friend from falling to his death .
Buck , you ’re falling off a mountain , man !
Why does it look as if you guys are faintly smiling ?
4 Ghostface Killah : Ghostdini : Wizard of Poetry in Emerald City
When word hit that Wu - Tang veteran Ghostface Killah was making an R&B album , there was talk of the jig being up for him .
When he announced that the title of the thing was Ghostdini : Wizard of Poetry in Emerald City , our worst fears were that much closer to being realized .
Then the album art dropped .
It ’s hard to even unpack all the fail at work here .
You ’ve got scantily clad women tackily superimposed onto the field of roses , a green moat in front of the Emerald City , that weird floating eyeball above Ghostface ’s name .
Where to begin ?
3 Flyleaf : Memento Mori
If any of you had designs on checking out Memento Mori , the new album from Christian nu-metal act Flyleaf , the band has made it much easier for you to put it back on the shelf .
Just take a good gander before you do .
That way you do n’t miss that crusty old man with the bad makeup job in the foreground or lead singer Lacey Mosley standing in the middle of My Chemical Romance ’s Black Parade .
Are those little people ?
How ’d they get black trumpets ?
So many questions .
2 Empire of the Sun : Walking on a Dream
“ Walking on a Dream ” is pretty rad .
The rest of the album ?
Not so much .
The cover ?
This is Sgt. Pepper ’s meets Penn and Teller meets Return of the Jedi meets Liberace meets Ringling Bros. meets Blade Runner , and the pastiche sets a new standard for awful .
There are elephants and tigers running on water !
A tower on a volcano !
Three comets !
Two gaudily sequined jackets !
This is the place where bad movie posters go to die .
1 Chris Brown : Graffiti
Chris Brown had a bad year .
His domestic - violence incident and the resultant boycotting of his work ruined what could have been a promising singing career .
But Brown subscribes to the R. Kelly school of thought :
When the world is against you , just make hits .
They ’ll come around .
And so we have Graffiti , his comeback album , whose artwork is a perfect eyesore .
How can so much awful fit into one picture ?
The ’80s sci - fi vibe is bad enough .
Add the superfluous guitar and sunglasses , and trouble is brewing .
Toss in the shimmering planet in the background , and you ’ve got a mess on your hands .
The cornball spray can and album title combination are cheesy , too .
It ’s all of that plus the random gang of cartoon baddies in the corner that makes Graffiti the worst album cover of 2009 .
Chris , fire your publicist , fire your staff , fire everyone .
***
We do n’t want to hoard all the fun for ourselves .
Which cover do you think is ugliest this year ?
Let us know what we ’ve missed in the comments below .
Theft Defense Lawyer - Criminal Defense Attorney
Shoplifting - Petty Theft - Grand Theft - Identity Theft - Credit Card Theft
There are many types of theft , and each takes a special kind of defense .
Theft attorney Leon Mezzetti , Jr. , has defended Northern California clients facing all varieties of theft allegations for more than 30 years .
Experience really does matter — do n't rely on just any criminal defense attorney .
Put your case in the hands of a former county prosecutor and experienced California theft crimes defense lawyer .
For a free consultation to discuss your case , contact us online or call 877-791-1836 or 510-791-1836 .
Defending Against California Theft Charges
Our law firm defends theft charges and other property crimes involving :
Shoplifting and petty theft
Grand theft
Larceny
Robbery / armed robbery and burglary
Auto theft / grand theft auto
Identity theft
False pretenses
Forgery
Credit card theft
Embezzlement
Fraud and more
Shoplifting
Shoplifting is by far the most common theft crime , and is committed most often by juveniles .
It can be charged as a felony or a misdemeanor and can have a serious impact on a juvenile 's future .
We commit our energy to keeping juveniles and adults out of jail and away from major fines and criminal records for shoplifting .
Theft Crimes and Drug Charges
Many forms of theft have connections to drug crimes , and our lawyer can help you with both .
No matter what your charges , we strongly recommend you put an attorney on your side as soon as possible .
A Crime of Moral Turpitude for Immigration Purposes
Theft is considered a Crime of Moral Turpitude for immigration purposes .
This means that you may be subject to deportation , removal , loss of permanent residency , or denial of naturalization for a theft conviction .
If you are an immigrant charged with theft , do not hesitate to contact us .
Contact Us
We charge nothing for initial consultations .
Contact us and we will return your e-mail or call very quickly .
Mr. Mezzetti also speaks fluent Spanish and is well respected throughout the Northern California criminal court system .
He also employs a law clerk investigator who can uncover evidence crucial to your case .
Our work ranges across all of the state of California to service your needs .
Mr. Mezzetti owns his own plane , and will fly anywhere throughout the state .
He works on many cases in the Bay Area , including , San Francisco , Oakland , Alameda , Fremont , Hayward , Pleasanton , Stockton , and San Jose .
Amidst the Suffering , Crisis in Haiti Offers Opportunities to the U.S.
In addition to providing immediate humanitarian assistance , the U.S. response to the tragic earthquake in Haiti earthquake offers opportunities to re-shape Haiti ’s long - dysfunctional government and economy as well as to improve the public image of the United States in the region …
While on the ground in Haiti , the U.S. military can also interrupt the nightly flights of cocaine to Haiti and the Dominican Republic from the Venezuelan coast and counter the ongoing efforts of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez to destabilize the island of Hispaniola .
This U.S. military presence , which should also include a large contingent of U.S. Coast Guard assets , can also prevent any large - scale movement by Haitians to take to the sea in rickety watercraft to try to enter the U.S. illegally .
Meanwhile , the U.S. must be prepared to insist that the Haiti government work closely with the U.S. to insure that corruption does not infect the humanitarian assistance flowing to Haiti .
Long - term reforms for Haitian democracy and its economy are also badly overdue .
Why were 60 percent of the buildings in Port - au - Prince shoddily constructed and unsafe in normal circumstances , according to the city 's mayor ?
Why are there no building regulations in a city that sits on a fault line ?
Why has Port - au - Prince swelled from a small town of 50,000 in the 1950s to a population of 2 million desperately poor people today ?
Why was the state completely overwhelmed by the disaster ?
The Shock Doctrine
You want to hear about chutzpah ?
You want to hear about sheer gravity - defying audacity ?
Well , ladies and gentlemen , comrades and friends , prepare to catch your lower jaw .
Forget Limbaugh 's racist anxieties .
Forget about Pat Robertson drooling about Haiti's ' pact with the devil ' .
He 's a senile old bigot , and his sick provocations are familiar by now .
This is the Heritage Foundation on the Haiti earthquake , which is estimated to have killed 100,000 people :
While you 're letting that sink in , let me lay this on you .
It is , or ought to be , widely enough understood that the category of ' natural disaster ' is increasingly redundant .
Whether it's an earthquake , a storm , a flood or a crop failure , the truly shocking and baleful consequences of ecological events are generally caused by their interaction with existing political economies .
Ashley Smith therefore asks the right questions :
Well , quite .
The wretched subjugation of Haiti by the ' international community ' , particularly since the multilateral anti-Lavalas coup in 2004 , is angrily and movingly described by Peter Hallward in today 's Guardian , and there is more here ( the Tomb 's coverage of the coup is here ) .
The coup was promoted to advance the process of neoliberal capital accumulation , break the left and the unions , and break Famni Lavalas and the civil society organisations sustaining resistance .
For years , UN ' peacekeepers ' have slaughtered thousands of Haitians , and the residents have been put through rigged election procedures .
Lavalas members , priests , and activists have been subject to political imprisonment and murder , some of them characterised as ' gang ' members .
This is all for the aid of sweatshop bosses such as Andy Apaid , and the multinationals principally based in the US and Canada that benefit enormously from the exploitation of Haitian labour .
This process of capital accumulation is what has driven Haitians out of a devastated rural economy and into impoverished slums with a tinpot infrastructure , and left them vulnerable to this extraordinary catastrophe .
There are a tremendous number of NGOs operating in Haiti , but there is hardly a public service infrastructure capable of a response .
What support systems were available have themselves suffered terribly in the quake .
Following from the above , such disasters are generally exploited by states and companies in the vicious and predatory way that Naomi Klein outlines in .
Perhaps a lesser known example of this is the way in which in the wake of the tsunami in late 2004 , the Indonesian military took the opportunity to ramp up repression in Aceh .
A more obvious example is the depraved way in which the Bush administration ( and the local Democratic party ) effectively ethnically cleansed New Orleans and turned it into a haven for developers and construction firms after Katrina .
So , what depraved agenda is going to be more forcefully thrust on Haiti in the middle of this catastrophe ?
Obviously , there is no danger of Obama allowing any impoverished immigrants into the US on the back of some rickety boats .
You might recall that after last year 's hurricanes , his administration continued to deport people , even in the middle of urgent legal appeals .
So what is the plan ?
Back to Ashley Smith , who writes
In close collaboration with the new UN Special Envoy to Haiti , former President Bill Clinton , Obama has pushed for an economic program familiar to much of the rest of the Caribbean - - tourism , textile sweatshops and weakening of state control of the economy through privatization and deregulation .
In particular , Clinton has orchestrated a plan for turning the north of Haiti into a tourist playground , as far away as possible from the teeming slums of Port - au - Prince .
Clinton lured Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines into investing $ 55 million to build a pier along the coastline of Labadee , which it has leased until 2050 .
From there , Haiti's tourist industry hopes to lead expeditions to the mountaintop fortress Citadelle and the Palace of Sans Souci , both built by Henri Christophe , one of the leaders of Haiti 's slave revolution .
According to the Miami Herald :
The $ 40 million plan involved transforming the now quaint town of Milot , home to the Citadelle and Palace of Sans Souci ruin , into a vibrant tourist village , with arts and crafts markets , restaurants and stoned streets .
Guests would be ferried past a congested Cap - Haïtien to a bay , then transported by bus past peasant plantations .
Once in Milot , they would either hike or horseback to the Citadelle ... named a world heritage site in 1982 ...
Eco-tourism , archaeological exploration and voyeuristic visits to Vodou rituals are all being touted by Haiti 's struggling boutique tourism industry , as Royal Caribbean plans to bring the world largest cruise ship here , sparking the need for excursions .
So while Pat Robertson denounces Haiti's great slave revolution as a pact with the devil , Clinton is helping to reduce it to a tourist trap .
At the same time , Clinton 's plans for Haiti include an expansion of the sweatshop industry to take advantage of cheap labor available from the urban masses .
The U.S. granted duty - free treatment for Haitian apparel exports to make it easy for sweatshops to return to Haiti .
Clinton celebrated the possibilities of sweatshop development during a whirlwind tour of a textile plant owned and operated by the infamous Cintas Corp .
He announced that George Soros had offered $ 50 million for a new industrial park of sweatshops that could create 25,000 jobs in the garment industry .
Clinton explained at a press conference that Haiti 's government could create " more jobs by lowering the cost of doing business , including the cost of rent . "
As TransAfrica founder Randall Robinson told Democracy Now !
" That is n't the kind of investment that Haiti needs .
It needs capital investment .
It needs investment so that it can be self - sufficient .
It needs investment so that it can feed itself . "
One of the reasons why Clinton could be so unabashed in celebrating sweatshops is that the U.S. - backed coup repressed any and all resistance .
It got rid of Aristide and his troublesome habit of raising the minimum wage .
It banished him from the country , terrorized his remaining allies and barred his political party , Fanmi Lavalas , the most popular in the country , from running for office .
The coup regime also attacked union organizers within the sweatshops themselves .
As a result , Clinton could state to business leaders : " Your political risk in Haiti is lower than it has ever been in my lifetime . "
Would those who sycophantically defended Clinton , particularly over his Haiti policy , care to comment ?
Do the ' progressives for Obama ' have anything to say at this point ?
Labels : capitalism , haiti , multilateralism , shock doctrine , united nations , US imperialism
Missiles fired by a suspected US drone aircraft have killed at least four militants in north - west Pakistan , security officials say .
They said that the attack targeted a militant compound in the North Waziristan tribal area .
Meanwhile , locals say two tribesmen accused of spying for the US have been killed by the Taliban in the same area .
North and South Waziristan are known sanctuaries for al - Qaeda and Taliban militants and are often hit by drones .
There have been about more than a dozen such strikes this year alone .
Locals say the attacks have destroyed many training camps and compounds .
They have also killed dozens of local and foreign militants , officials say .
Elsewhere in the troubled north - west , a Pakistani Hindu has been kidnapped in Khyber district .
His abductors have demanded 10 million rupees ( $ 117,619 ) for his release .
Earlier this week a Pakistani Sikh who had been kidnapped was beheaded in the same area .
Bodies dumped Tribesmen told the BBC that one of the bodies found in North Waziristan on Wednesday - that of tribal leader Malik Salah Khan - had a " warning letter " attached to it .
" It said that whoever spied for America would meet the same fate , " a tribesman said .
US drone attacks are being stepped up along the Afghan - Pakistan border Officials say one body was found in the Datakhel area of North Waziristan , while the other was found near Mir Ali , about 20 km ( 12 miles ) from the main town of Miranshah .
They said both men - who were kidnapped several days ago by armed militants - had been shot several times in the head and their bodies dumped in the open .
The BBC's Syed Shoaib Hasan in Islamabad says that such killings have become commonplace in the region since drone attacks increased in frequency a few weeks ago .
The militants usually kidnap local tribesmen after a drone strike on charges of spying .
Their bodies are later found riddled with bullets or decapitated .
Publicly criticised
The US has stepped up drone attacks in north - west Pakistan since a suicide bomber killed seven CIA agents across the border in Afghanistan last month .
More than 700 people have died in nearly 80 drone strikes since August 2008 .
A surge in such strikes has been ordered by US President Barack Obama .
Pakistan has publicly criticised drone attacks , saying they fuel support for militants , but observers say the authorities privately condone the strikes .
The American military does not routinely confirm drone operations , but analysts say the US is the only force capable of deploying such aircraft in the region .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
NO JOKE : Jeff Zucker Had Conan Arrested
BREAKING NEWS !
14TH UPDATE , TUESDAY 10:45 AM : I ’ve learned that NBC late night chief Rick Ludwin , a big Conan O’Brien supporter , was not consulted by The Two Jeffs — bigwigs Jeff Zucker and Jeff Gaspin .
“ When the decision was made , Gaspin and Zucker never brought Rick into it , ” an insider told me this morning in disbelief .
Meanwhile , sources tell me that private emails have been going out from high - level executives at NBC ’s soon - to - be - owner Comcast saying , “ What a mess . ”
The last remaining issue holding up the official announcement that Conan is out , and Leno in , at The Tonight Show is O’Brien ’s continuing insistence that his staff , especially those who followed him from NY to LA , be taken care of by NBC .
13TH UPDATE , TUESDAY 9 AM : NBC Universal Jeff Zucker last night told a shocked Charlie Rose in an exclusive conversation that the network ’s late night moves have resulted in “ death threats ” .
Playing the victim yet again , Zucker is tongue - tied when it ’s suggested he should fall on his sword for all his missteps that have led NBC to be “ in shambles ” , as Rose said at the outset .
Also , my insiders are accusing Zucker of lying on national television by telling Rose that there was no guarantee to Conan that The Tonight Show would start at 11:35 PM .
“ If there had n’t been , do you think NBC would be paying him almost $ 40 million ? ”
The full interview is here .
13TH UPDATE , TUESDAY 9 AM : NBC Universal Jeff Zucker last night told a shocked Charlie Rose in an exclusive conversation that the network ’s late night moves have resulted in “ death threats ” .
The full interview is here .
12TH UPDATE , TUESDAY 6 AM : Last night Jay Leno talked in a serious and self defensive way about the late night fiasco and the circumstances surrounding his return as host of The Tonight Show :
“ I thought maybe I should address this .
At least give you my view of what has been going on here at NBC .
Oh , let ’s start in 2004 .
2004 I ’m sitting in my office , an NBC executive comes in and says to me , listen , Conan O’Brien has gotten offers from other networks .
We do n’t want him to go , so we ’re going to give him The Tonight Show .
I said , ‘ Well , I ’ve been number one for 12 years . ’
They said , ‘ We know that , but we do n’t think you can sustain that . ’
I said , ‘ OK .
How about until I fall to No. 2 , then you fire me ? ’
‘ No , we made this decision . ’
I said , ‘ That ’s fine . ’
Do n’t blame Conan O’Brien .
Nice guy , good family guy , great guy .
He and I have talked and not a problem since then .
That ’s what managers and people do , they try to get something for their clients .
I said , ‘ I ’ll retire just to avoid what happened the last time . ’
OK .
So time goes by and we stay No. 1 up until the day we leave .
We hand [ applause ] .
No , no .
OK , but I ’m leaving before my contract is out .
About 6 to 8 months early .
So before I could go anywhere else , I would be at least a year or 18 months before I could go and do a show somewhere else .
I said to NBC , ‘ Would you release me from my contract . ’
They said , ‘ We want to keep you here . ’
OK .
What are your ideas ?
They said , ‘ How about primetime ? ’
I said , ‘ That will never work . ’
‘ No , no , we want to put you on at 10:00 .
We have done focus groups .
People will love you at 10:00 .
Look at these studies showing Jay ’s chin at 10:00 .
People will go crazy . ’
Did n’t seem like a good idea at the time .
I said , ‘ Alright , can I keep my staff ? ’
There are 175 people that work here .
I said , ‘ Can I keep my staff ? ’
Yes , you can .
Let ’s try it .
We guarantee you 2 years on the air , guaranteed .
‘ Now for the first 4 or 5 months against original shows like CSI , you ’ll get killed , but in the spring and summer when the reruns come , that ’s when you ’ll pick up . ’
OK , great .
I agree to that .
Four months go by , we do n’t make it .
Meanwhile , Conan ’s show during the summer , we ’re not on , was not doing well .
The great hope was that we would help him .
Well , we did n’t help him any , OK .
They come and go , ‘ This show is n’t working .
We want to let you go . ’
Can you let me out of my contract ?
No , you ’re still a valuable asset to this company .
‘ How valuable can I be ?
You fired me twice .
How valuable can I be ? ’
OK .
So then , the affiliates are not happy .
The affiliates are the ones that own the TV stations .
They ’re the ones that sort of makes the decisions , ‘ They ’re not happy with your performance and Conan is not doing well at 11:30 . ’
I said , ‘ What ’s your idea ? ’
They said , ‘ Well , look , how about you do a half hour show at 11:30 ? ’
Now , where I come from , when your boss gives you a job and you do n’t do it well , I think we did a good job here , but we did n’t ’ get the ratings , so you get humbled .
I said , ‘ OK , I ’m not crazy about doing a half hour , but OK .
What do you want to do with Conan ? ’
‘ We ’ll put him on at midnight , or 12:05 , keeps The Tonight Show , does all that , he gets the whole hour . ’
I said , OK .
You think Conan will go for that ? ’
‘ Yes , yes . [ laughter ]
Almost guarantee you . ’
I said OK .
Shake hands , that ’s it .
I do n’t have a manager , I do n’t have an agent , that ’s my handshake deal .
Next thing I see Conan has a story in the paper saying he does n’t want to do that .
They come back to me and they say , ‘ If he decides to walk and does n’t want to do it , do you want the show back ? ’
I go , ‘ Yeah , I ’ll take the show back .
If that ’s what he wants to do .
This way , we keep our people working , fine . ’
So that ’s pretty much where we are .
It looks like we might be back at 11:30 , I ’m not sure .
I do n’t know .
[ applause ]
I do n’t know .
But through all of this – through all of this , Conan O’Brien has been a gentleman .
He ’s a good guy .
I have no animosity towards him .
This is all business .
If you do n’t get the ratings , they take you off the air .
I think you know this town , you can do almost anything .
You get ratings they keep you .
I do n’t get ratings , he wants .
That was NBC ’s solution .
It did n’t work so we might have an answer for you tomorrow .
So , we ’ll see .
That ’s basically where it is . ”
EXCLUSIVE !
11TH UPDATE , SUNDAY 8:50 AM : Below is Saturday Night Live ‘s cold opening about the festering late night debacle about to end — now possibly Tuesday after the MLK long weekend — with NBC ’s $ 40 million “ do n’t let the door hit you in the ass on your way out ” payment to Conan O’Brien that also frees him to compete against Jay Leno immediately .
Best line of the show was SNL Weekend Update anchor Seth Meyers ’ : “ This week you did n’t need Cinemax to see someone screwed on TV . ”
It ’s amazing and bewildering that the network keeps vigorously promoting this comedy of errors to the media via video clips of its own employees denigrating and humiliating the beleaguered brand .
( I asked one SNL insider if there was any behind the scenes bitching from the suits because of the NBC bashing .
“ None at all . ” )
Perhaps , at this nadir , NBC has to put ratings above its own reputation .
Or maybe there ’s just no defense possible .
Although Jeff Zucker keeps desperately trotting out more and more NBC execs — first entertainment boss Jeff Gaspin , then sports czar Dick Ebersol , then news topper Steve Capus — to give dictation to The New York Times in support of himself .
( When did stenography replace reporting there ? )
In that article , Zucker tries to play the victim of a media frenzy — but it was a self - inflicted wound .
Hollywood is now hearing from people around Zucker how he ’s “ ‘ wiped out from his Conan ordeal ’ , ” Deadline New York Editor Mike Fleming learned last night , “ Zucker apparently scrapped plans to fly to LA with his family for tonight ’s Golden Globes broadcast by NBC or the NBC Universal after - party .
At least that is how he is feeling at the moment . ”
Meanwhile , viewers weighed in on O’Brien ’s Tonight Show episodes at NBC ’s Hulu.com in the Team Conan vs Team Leno battle .
Tags read “ better than leno ” , “ amazing ” and “ conan > leno ” , while tags for the Leno clips say “ backstabber ” , “ not funny ” , “ hack ” .
Then there ’s this zinger from O’Brien ’s longtime rep Gavin Palone .
The manager sent an email to CBS mogul Les Moonves , while this mess unfolded , asking whether “ a long time ago you planted Jeff Zucker there as a way to destroy NBC from inside . ”
Ouch !
10TH UPDATE , FRIDAY 5:15 PM : A settlement of NBC vs Conan is close but not yet signed .
“ There are still issues to be worked out , ” an insider reports back to me .
This follows all - day negotiations between NBC and its attorneys , and Team Conan and their manager - agency - lawyer reps .
“ There ’ve been some very intense conversations ” .
All are under confidentiality agreements .
So to what extent did NBC blink ?
Remember that all week , as I ’ve been reporting , NBCU chief Jeff Zucker stuck to an extreme position that threatened to hold Conan to his contract and keep him off the air for 3 1 / 2 years and not pay him a penny of that $ 60 M penalty fee if O’Brien does n’t host The Tonight Show as the network promised .
Instead of a prolonged and ugly battle , NBC has given in to Team Conan who ’ve insisted their guy exits only with a lot of cash and freedom .
How much cash ?
“ Zucker ’s NBC spin puts it at $ 25 million .
But it ’s a lot closer to $ 40 million than $ 25 million , ” my insider says .
“ And Conan was adamant that NBC take care of the people close to him — [ executive producer ]
Jeff Ross and the staff who moved out to Los Angeles . ”
According to the pact , Conan leaves The Tonight Show on January 22nd .
Meanwhile , he ’s free to go anywhere and compete with Jay .
This is that Ron Meyer - negotiated deal ( which I first reported yesterday at 3 PM ) .
The Universal Studios president / COO was asked to step in secretly by WME agents Ari Emanuel when Team Conan and NBC were so far apart they were n’t even on speaking terms .
“ They [ NBC Universal ] were lucky to have Ron . ”
I ’m told the deal might close as soon as Saturday .
And NBC ’s PR nightmare will end .
Or will it ?
In his Friday night monologue , Conan defended himself against NBC sports czar Dick Ebersole ’s very public ( and inappropriate ) takedown : “ In the press this week , NBC has been calling me every name in the book .
In fact , they think I ’m such an idiot , they now want me to run the network . ”
9TH UPDATE , FRIDAY 7 AM : I can confirm that Team Conan reassembled in Los Angeles last night , and O’Brien ’s reps are still “ figuring out how to settle ” but at the same time still lobbying NBCU chief Jeff Zucker to keep Conan as host of The Tonight Show .
Their negotiations continued with NBC .
Unlike the network which wants a resolution by end of today , the agents - lawyers - managers are in no hurry to accept what NBC is offering to end this late night crisis and the resulting PR nightmare .
Team Conan is banking on it getting worse , not better , with every passing hour and day as the media and public stay obsessed with the network vs Tonight Show host story and all its drama .
“ This will get off the front pages , ” NBC Universal chief Jeff Zucker predicted to Team Conan .
“ You are 100 % wrong , ” one of O’Brien ’s reps shot back .
Much , much more after the jump …
8TH UPDATE , THURSDAY 8:40 PM :
Not surprisingly , NBC wants to put a stop to this late night PR nightmare before end of day tomorrow .
The only question now is to what degree the network will blink to do that .
After days of sticking to an extreme position that threatened to hold Conan O’Brien to his contract and keep him off the air for 3 1 / 2 years and not pay him a penny of that penalty fee if he does n’t host The Tonight Show as the network promised , NBC appears to be giving in to Team Conan .
In that Ron Meyer - negotiated deal I first reported at 3 PM , Conan receives a lot of cash for his freedom ( see below ) .
Indeed , he gets almost everything — except of course The Tonight Show , which Leno would host in a do - over .
But what a difference a few days make .
Meanwhile , Team Zucker continue their villification of Conan for defying NBC ’s late night plans .
I ’ve already reported how Zucker is blaming Conan for this mess because “ he let me down ” when given The Tonight Show .
Now Dick Ebersol , who as NBC Universal Sports chairman is Tweedledee to Zucker ’s Tweedledum , is talking about “ an astounding failure by Conan ” .
( Dickwad , I predict you ’ll fail February 12 - 28 by giving us another Olympics snorefest . )
Meanwhile , news reports say Conan O’Brien placed his set on Craigslist for sale Thursday afternoon and announced it on the show later that night :
TITLE:4 SALE : Barely - Used Late Night Show - Make Me An Offer
DESCRIPTION :
This is a chance of a lifetime to own your very own late night talk show–guaranteed to last for up to seven months !!
Really must see to appreciate .
Information for potential buyers :
– Measures 100 ’ x 100 ’ x 32 ’ – plenty of room for a futon !
– Designed for 11:35 but can be easily moved
– Band can be sold separately
– Buyer must honor Barry Manilow booking next Thursday
MAKE ME YOUR BEST OFFER !!!!!
( Also willing to trade for Coldplay tickets . )
THURSDAY 6:45 PM , 7TH UPDATE , : During tonight ’s monologue , the for - the - moment host of The Tonight Show referred to my scoop that NBCU chief Jeff Zucker was threatening to put him on ice for 3 1/2 years .
“ Hi , I ’m Conan O’Brien , NBC ’s ‘ Employee of the Month ’ .
There ’s a rumor that NBC is so upset with me , they want to keep me off the air for 3 years .
My response to that is , if NBC does n’t want people to see me , just leave me on NBC . ”
Bada bing .
“ No matter what happens , it ’s been a real honor to sit in the same chair as Steve Allen , Jack Paar , Johnny Carson , Jay Leno , and Jay Leno . ”
THURSDAY 3 PM , 6TH UPDATE : I ’ve just learned that , for the past 48 hours , Universal Studios President / COO Ron Meyer was secretly drafted during this NBC late night crisis to negotiate a settlement between the network and Team Conan after O’Brien and his reps were threatened by NBC Universal chief Jeff Zucker ( see below ) .
WME boss Ari Emanuel asked him to step in .
“ Ron is a former agent , one of the biggest in Hollywood .
He could get this done , so NBC used him , ” a source just told me .
“ No one would talk to each other , and they talked to Ron .
He got everybody to talk to everybody . ”
The deal as sketched puts Jay Leno back hosting The Tonight Show , and Conan O’Brien exiting with a lot of money .
But there are still some terms to be worked out — which is why there has n’t been any announcement yet .
But I ’m warned that “ anything can happen ” now that Meyer did his duty , and NBC is back in charge .
I can tell you there are definitely people around NBC Universal boss Jeff Zucker who want to keep Conan in place at The Tonight Show .
“ But Zucker is digging in his heels because of the bad press .
He ’s being stubborn , ” a Team Conan insider just told me .
Stay tuned .
THURSDAY 2:15 PM , 5TH UPDATE : NBC is n’t confirming Internet reports of a done deal that Jay is in , Conan is out , as host of The Tonight Show at 11:35 PM .
According to my insiders , Team Conan is denying the reports .
But O’Brien ’s reps acknowledge : “ It ’s a very fluid situation ” .
Meanwhile , I ’ve learned Team Conan did n’t know NBC had just put out that press release boasting about Conan ’s heated - up ratings .
“ He ’s been killing in recent weeks .
NBC can see that . ”
THURSDAY , 2 PM , 4TH UPDATE : Amid unconfirmed Internet reports that NBC ’s Leno - Conan switcharoo for hosting The Tonight Show at 11:35 PM is now a done deal for Jay but not Conan , the network just sent out a news release noting that “ NBC ’s The Tonight Show with Conan O’Brien has topped all broadcast and cable competition in the key late - night demographic of adults 18 - 49 for the week of January 4 - 8 .
At 12:35 a.m. ET .
Last week also saw Conan deliver bigger audiences than CBS ’s Late Show with David Letterman and the ABC lineup of Nightline and Jimmy Kimmel Live in adults , men and women 18 - 34 , men 18 - 49 and men 25 - 54 .
Conan has finished # 1 or tied for # 1 among broadcast networks in adult 18 - 49 rating for nine of the last 11 weeks .
The median age of Conan ’s audience last week was 45.6 , nine years younger than Nightline ‘s ” 55.0 and 11 years younger than Letterman ’s 57.3 . ”
So , let me get this straight : NBC is crowing about the numbers of the guy they want off The Tonight Show and off NBC in favor of Jay Leno .
Yes , that makes a lot of sense — in Zuckerland .
THURSDAY 8:20 AM , 3RD UPDATE : NBC Universal , faced with Conan O’Brien ’s defiance , is taking what insiders tell me is “ a super tough threatening position ” over his refusal to host The Tonight Show at 12:05 AM instead of 11:35 PM .
“ Someone ’s got to show NBCU that big greedy corporate dickheads can’t win , ” one of Conan ’s manager - agent - lawyer - public relations “ Team Conan ” representatives told me .
And while Jeff Zucker has not stepped up and taken responsibility for this mess he set in in motion in the first place — by replacing Leno with Conan O’Brien as host of The Tonight Show even though Jay was No. 1 in his time slot at the time — he ’s been busy behind the scenes .
I ’ve already reported how Zucker has been privately blaming Conan for the current debacle , saying “ He let me down ” because The Tonight Show for the last 7 months since O’Brien took over has been losing out to David Letterman in both eyeballs and advertiser - coveted demographics .
( Bullshit , Zucker , you ca n’t keep blaming others for your Zuck - ups . )
Bad enough that Zucker made Conan hear about the planned move in the first place from the media .
But now the NBCU chief has been talking tough during the negotiations with Team Conan .
To counter O’Brien ’s principled public statement which the late night host issued this week , Zucker “ is threatening to ice Conan ” , according to his reps .
“ Zucker said , ‘ I ’ll keep you off the air for 3 1 / 2 years . ’
Which does n’t have a chance in hell of happening .
What I really think Zucker wants is to hold him off the market for at least six months to a year until the dust settles and Leno is secure and Conan is squelched . ”
One rep even compared Zucker to “ Darth Vader ” because the NBCU chief “ has been so evil ” about this .
His 3 1/2 - years threat comes because O’Brien has another 2 1/ 2 half years left to run on his contract , and NBC could also enforce a clause that keeps Conan off television for a year after that .
According to NBC ’s stated plans , The Jay Leno Show would leaves its unsuccessful primetime 10 PM time slot on February 12th , and then move to 11:35 PM after NBC finishes broadcasting the Vancouver Winter Olympics on February 28th .
That ’s when The Jay Leno Show arrives in late night , and Conan ’s show pushes back by 1 /2 an hour .
To NBC ’s way of thinking , it can kill two birds with one stone : it wo n’t have to pay Jay that hefty $ 80 million penalty for taking The Jay Leno
Show off the air because the program has “ merely ” moved timeslots .
And it wo n’t have to pay Conan that fat $ 60 million penalty for removing him from The Tonight Show because that program , too , has “ merely ” moved timeslots .
But , as David Letterman so succinctly put it this week , “ At 12:05 AM , that ’s not The Tonight Show , that ’s The Tomorrow Show !
As I ’ve written previously , the Pottery Barn rule is applicable here : “ You break it , you buy it . ”
It could and it should cost NBC .
But I ’ve learned O’Brien ’s reps now believe that Zucker wants to jettison Conan altogether and put Jay back at The Tonight Show at its usual starting time .
So , to prevent O’Brien competing at NBC or elsewhere with Leno ’s attempt to lure back his late night audience , NBCU ’s Zucker has come up with this plot to “ ice ” Conan for the length of his NBC Tonight Show contract .
It ’s dastardly , it ’s cowardly , and it could be damn effective .
But there ’s no way Team Conan says they ’re going to let that happen .
Bad enough NBCU horribly humiliated Conan and , as he so rightly pointed out in his statement , will damage The Tonight Show by moving it down a half - hour .
With the 12:05 AM start , its ratings will never recover .
After NBC made that decision , the phones at his WME agency rang off the hook with calls from every network , cable , and pay channel looking to hire O’Brien .
And there ’s every reason for him to flee .
But , if Conan exits voluntarily or involuntarily , it will take at least a year before a new show is readied and on the air .
He risks losing his fan base during that time .
And he ’ll be forever tagged by the failure .
So now it ’s open warfare between NBC and O’Brien ’s reps .
Zucker ’s hardline stance became evident during that 1:45 PM Tuesday meeting at NBC Universal this week shortly after Conan issued his statement of defiance .
On one side of the room were NBCU bigwigs Jeff Gaspin and Marc Graboff .
On the other were O’Brien ’s reps : manager Gavin Palone , WME agent and board member Rick Rosen , and the newest member of Team O’Brien , Hollywood litigator Patty Glaser , who was hired last Sunday and is WME ’s legal shark of choice .
Not attending were Zucker ( hiding back in NYC ) , or WME boss Ari Emanuel ( leading the WME retreat in Rancho Mirage ) .
One of Hollywood ’s toughest negotiators and the model for Entourage agent Ari Gold played by Jeremy Piven , Ari .
Even so , Gavin can be as mean as a rabid dog , Rick ’s agency reps 60 % of the TV talent , and Glaser is a pitbull .
For them , this kind of mano - a- mano negotiation is bloodsport .
But even they were shocked by Zucker ’s scheming .
“ Patty came in and said , ‘ You ca n’t do this . ’
They claim they can legally , but everyone knows it ’s ambiguous .
The contract is not clearly expressed and they are misinterpreting it , ” one of my sources related .
“ So everything now is at a standstill .
There ’s been a proposal , and a counter - proposal .
This will end up in front of a judge if someone [ at NBCU ] does n’t wise up . ”
I ’d learned both NBCU chief Jeff Zucker as well as Gaspin were told about Conan ’s statement publicly promising to protect the integrity of The Tonight Show he ’d inherited .
It made Zucker furious .
O’Brien ’s reps did n’t want O’Brien to speak out .
“ They were not thrilled .
They told him it would undercut his negotiating leverage , ” one source revealed to me .
“ But Conan would n’t listen to them .
He wanted to make it . ”
And yet , because of the controversy , O’Brien ’s Tonight Show ratings have risen .
While Leno has n’t received a similar bump , Conan ’s number went up to 1.9 in the overnights .
Certainly , that has to give NBC pause , right ?
Apparently not .
Sources tell me there ’s only “ the slightest of chances ” that Zucker will relent and keep O’Brien and The Tonight Show intact at 11:35 PM .
As for Conan , if he ’s released , he wants to ensure his executive producer Jeff Ross and other staff who moved out from New York to Los Angeles “ are taken care of ” .
As for himself , “ he ’s not thinking about strategy .
He ’s saying , “ I just want enough money to feed my family . ' ”
" I usually maintain a fairly even temper about Hollywood because I could n't do my job otherwise , " Manohla Dargis told me today .
But the formidable NY Times film critic has fighting words for Hollywood and how it treats women .
Advertisement
Dargis ' " fuck them " - the first of several - refers specifically to a fact she highlighted in her piece this weekend on the lack of progress in Hollywood films for and about women :
Two major studios , Paramount Pictures and Warner Brothers Pictures , did n't release a single movie directed by a female , even in a year of renewed prominence for women in film .
One bright spot : The Hurt Locker by Kathryn Bigelow ( pictured above ) is sweeping the early critics ' awards : in the past two days alone she and her film have gotten top accolades from the Los Angeles Film Critics Association , the Boston Society of Film Critics , the American Film Institute , The New York Film Critics Online , and the Alliance of Women Film Journalists .
In a wide - ranging conversation this morning on women in Hollywood , Dargis , who has been a chief New York Times film critic ( a title she shares with A.O. Scott ) since 2004 , had similarly strong words for Hollywood conventional wisdom and the studio system overall .
" My tendency is not to talk in sweeping terms , but one thing I can say in sweeping terms is that there 's a lot of sexism in the industry , " she says .
Here are some of the other highlights from the conversation .
Advertisement
On why women in Hollywood are n't faring any better :
This business is really about clubby relationships .
If you buy Variety or go online and look at the deals , you see one guy after another smiling in a baseball cap .
It 's all guys making deals with other guys .
I had a female studio chief a couple of years ago tell me point blank that she was n't hiring a woman to do an action movie because women are good at certain things and not others .
If you have women buying that bullshit how can we expect men to be better ?
On working within the system :
For me the most sobering thing of the last ten years is that there really was a point where four of the studios were run by women … and you would have thought that would lead to an uptick of women directors .
I 'm not saying I 've done a systematic analysis , but it does n't look like it changed very much …
Working within the system has not worked .
It has not helped women filmmakers or , even more important , you and me , women audiences , to have women in the studio system . …
I think the studio system as it exists now is a no - win situation for women filmmakers .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
On director Kathryn Bigelow 's success ( achieved in part by getting funding outside of Hollywood , detailed in Dargis 's June profile of her ) :
Something like a woman winning best director for directing an action movie and not a romantic comedy is symbolically important .
Whether it then leads to a lot of women doing things outside of the pathetic comfort zone of romantic comedy – and I say that as someone who loves romantic comedy – we 'll see .
We know that because women are allowed to make romantic comedies that they can make romantic comedies .
That 's in everyone 's comfort zone .
The idea that a woman can be a great action director is not is everyone 's comfort zone .
That 's [ Bigelow 's ] exceptionalism .
On Bigelow 's chances for Oscar or future commercial success :
The only thing Hollywood is interested in money , and after that prestige .
That 's why they 'll be interested in something like The Hurt Locker .
She 's done so well critically that she can't be ignored .
Advertisement
Let 's acknowledge that the Oscars are bullshit and we hate them .
But they are important commercially ...
I 've learned to never underestimate the academy 's bad taste .
Crash as best picture ?
What the fuck .
On male and female directors being held to different standards , as Dargis suggested in comparing Bigelow and Michael Mann in her piece :
Do you think that a woman would have been able to get forty million dollars to make a puppet movie the way that Wes Anderson has been able to make , bringing to bear all the publicity and advertising budget of Fox ?
After two movies that did n't make a lot of money ?
I think this is true for a lot of black filmmakers too – they 're held to a higher standard .
And an unfair standard .
You can be a male filmmaker and if you 're perceived as a genius – a boy genius or a fully - formed adult genius – that you are allowed to fail in a way that a woman is not allowed to fail .
Advertisement
On whether there 's an essential difference between male - made and female - made movies : Flaubert wrote Madame Bovary .
That 's all we need to say about that .
But I do think as 51 percent of the population we should be given a chance …
It 's very boring to watch the same people coming from a certain kind of background make the same kinds of movies .
On Nancy Meyers and Nora Ephron : I personally do n't think either of them is a good filmmaker — they make movies for me that are more emotionally satisfying but with barely any aesthetic value at all .
I really like Something 's Gotta Give , but I do n't think it 's a good movie … .
I 'm of two minds .
Sometimes I think what women should do what various black and gay audiences have done , which is support women making movies for women .
So does that mean I have to go support Nora Ephron ?
Fuck no .
That 's just like , blech .
Advertisement
On Sandra Bullock , whom she recently wrote should use her production company to " start giving female filmmakers a chance to do something other than dopey romances " :
Use your power for good , Sandy !
On why so many romantic comedies are so terrible :
One , the people making them have no fucking taste , two , they 're morons , three they 're insulting panderers who think they 're making movies for the great unwashed and that 's what they want .
I love romantic movies .
I absolutely do .
But I literally do n't know what 's happening .
I think it 's depressing that Judd Apatow makes the best romantic comedies and they 're about men .
All power to Apatow , but he 's taken and repurposed one of the few genres historically made for women .
…. We had so few [ genres ] that were made specifically for the female audience and now the best of them are being made by Judd Apatow .
But what are his movies supposed to be about ?
Nominally about the relationship between a man and a woman , but they 're really buddy flicks .
Funny People was supposed to have an important role for a woman , but she was uninteresting and an afterthought .
Advertisement
On representations of women onscreen :
There 's a reason that women go to movies like Mamma Mia .
It 's a terrible movie … but women are starved for representation of themselves .
I go back to Spike Lee and She 's Gotta Have It .
I remember going to see it at the Quad in New York , surrounded by a black audience .
People are starved for representations of themselves .
On women being taken seriously as moviegoers :
It 's a vicious cycle .
We 're not going to movies because there are n't movies for us .
Therefore we 're not seen as a loyal moviegoing audience .
My point is that if there are stories about women , women will come out for that …
Advertisement
That 's why [ women ] go to a movie like The Devil Wears Prada and make huge hits .
They want to see women in movies .
People in the trade press constantly frame that as a surprise .
This , gee whiz , Sex and the City 's a hit , Twilight , hmm , wonder what 's going on here .
Maybe they should not be so surprised .
In the trade press , women audiences are considered a niche .
How is that even possible ?
We 're 51 percent of the audience .
On this quote from a box office analyst for Hollywood.com , in The Washington Post : Fuck him .
What an asshole .
Yes , that 's what I want !
That 's exactly what I want .
If Angelina Jolie had been cast in a movie as a good as The Bourne Identity with a filmmaker like Paul Greengrass , I would have gone out to see it , and I 'm sure I would n't be alone .
That is absurd .
That 's blaming female audiences – you get what you deserve ?
Is that what he 's saying ?
Advertisement
On being a female critic reviewing and featuring women 's films : I wanted to get [ Bigelow ] on the cover of ' Arts and Leisure ' .
I wanted this fantastic woman director to get her face on the front of the New York Times … [ But ] I am an equal opportunity critic .
I will pan women as hard as men .
I 've had testy people imply that I should go easier on women 's movies .
I find that incredibly insulting .
Are you kidding me ?
I do n't want to be graded on a curve .
None of us want to be a good woman writer .
I do n't want to be the woman critic .
I do n't want to be the feminist critic .
I do n't want to be the shrew .
What I want to do is talk about the art that I love and point out , every so often , inequities … .
It 's a weird balancing act and I 'm not saying there are n't contradictions .
Advertisement
On whether the prominence of women - directed films in 2009 will change anything , even if they 're not statistically significant compared to other years :
It 's pretty shitty right now .
Anything positive can only help a little bit .
How 's that for optimism ?
Women In The Seats But Not Behind The Camera [ New York Times ]
Kathryn Bigelow Makes Movies That Go For The Gut [ New York Times ]
Now Starring At The Movies : Famous Dead Women [ New York Times ]
With Strong Female Characters , Hollywood Suffers From a Fear Of Failure [ The Washington Post ]
Advertisement
Related : Double X Films [ The Atlantic ]
Earlier : Things Are Not Getting Better For Women In Hollywood
NASA 's fledgling Wide - field Infrared Survey Explorer ( WISE ) opened its eyes a few weeks ago , and astronomers have just released the first of a torrent of spectacular images from it .
Since its launch last December , WISE has been surveying the sky , taking data continuously as it spins on its axis and orbits the Earth .
A few images have been released before , but these new ones are fully processed , scientifically - calibrated , and gorgeous .
I have to start with this one , because it 's just so pretty !
Behold Comet C/2007 Q3 , aka Siding Spring :
Holy dirty snowballs !
That 's gorgeous , a classic comet .
When this image was taken , on January 10 , 2010 , the comet was 340 million kilometers ( 200 million miles ) from Earth .
That 's a good ways off , so I 'm impressed with the detail of this image !
It 's actually a four - color image : blue is 3.6 microns ( about 5 times the reddest wavelength the human eye can see , so well out into the infrared ) , green is 4.6 , orange is 12 , and red is 22 microns .
Since the temperature of an objects determines the kind of light it emits , we can estimate the temperature of the comet just by eyeballing this picture .
It 's mostly orange , meaning the comet is pouring out light at 12 microns .
A human being radiates infrared from about 7 to 14 microns , so this means the parts of the comet emitting IR ( and therefore seen by WISE in this image ) are around the same temperature as a person !
Well , in physics terms ; in human terms it 's pretty cold , about - 40 Celsius .
And it 'll get even colder now since it's on its way out of the inner solar system , away from the Sun 's warmth .
It 'll dim as it cools , too , returning back to invisibility once again .
WISE is expected to see quite a few comets , and in fact discovered its first just a few days ago .
I wonder how many it'll find , and if they 'll all be this pretty ...?
Let 's take a step farther out for the next WISE image :
Recognize that galaxy ?
I would n't blame you if you did n't , but it 's Andromeda !
That 's the nearest large spiral to our Milky Way .
It 's roughly 2.9 million light years away ( estimates vary ) and can be seen by the naked eye from a dark site .
This stunning photo really accentuates how amazing WISE is : the field of view is 5 degrees across , the width of ten full Moons .
The Hubble camera I used to work with would barely cover a pixel in this image !
Remember , this image is all infrared .
What looks blue here is actually cold stuff compared to what we 're used to : old red stars , for example .
The colors are a little different than in the comet image , but red is still the coolest material : dust .
These complex molecules are created when massive stars are born and when they die .
Since massive stars do n't live long , they tend to die near where they were born , so you see the dust constrained to very narrow areas where star formation occurs .
Less hefty stars ( like the Sun ) live long enough to drift away from their nursery over billions of years , so they fill the galaxy 's disk ( in blue ) .
That 's why the dust is so vivid and tightly defined in this image .
If you look closely , you can see the left side of the galaxy is a bit distorted .
That 's called a warp , and is probably caused by a nearby pass of another galaxy , or one Andromeda actually absorbed .
The fuzzy blob just below the main galaxy is a dwarf elliptical companion to Andromeda , orbiting it like the Moon orbits the Earth .
It 's mostly composed of old stars that look red to our eye , so again it 's blue in this false color image .
OK , one more .
I like this one a lot : NGC 3603 , a star - forming region about 20,000 light years from Earth :
It may not look familiar , but if you 've been reading my blog for more than a couple of weeks , you 've seen it : I wrote about a Hubble image of this very nebula .
Now , if you 're like me , you 'll click that link , look at the Hubble image , and then try to figure out where it fits in this WISE shot .
Pbbbt .
Do n't bother .
The Hubble image is only a tiny portion of this vast vista , a blip right in the middle of the brightest part of the WISE image .
The S in WISE is for " Survey " , which means it takes pictures of ginormous swaths of sky , far more than Hubble can do .
In fact , Hubble could take picture after picture for weeks and not get a view of the sky as large as WISE does in a few minutes ( of course , the Hubble image would be a whole lot more detailed ... ) .
In this image , as before , red is warm dust , and blue is hotter material like stars .
The green is what gets me though : at 12 microns , that reveals PAHs , polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons .
These complex organic compounds form in cool conditions in nebulae , which are lousy with them .
They 're everywhere where the temperature is n't too high to disintegrate them .
They can form even larger molecules , and some people think they may be important in creating the molecules necessary for life on Earth .
That 's not to say those molecules form in nebulae like NGC 3603 and then somehow get here ; they most likely form right here as well .
The point is , they look like they 're pretty easy to make if conditions are right ... on Earth as it is in the heavens .
And the sheer size and breadth of the nebula is simply stunning !
I 'm so used to narrow fields of view that I forget sometimes just how large these objects are .
This nebula is dozens of light years across , forming thousands upon thousands of stars .
It 's among the biggest such star factories in our galaxy , and is certainly easily visible from other galaxies as well .
Even from 20,000 light years away -- 1/5 of the way across our entire galaxy -- it 's clearly a formidable object .
And that 's the strength of WISE .
It can see large objects , investigate the bigger picture of the sky , and do it in the longest regions of the infrared spectrum , light that we simply cannot explore from the ground -- our air absorbs it , and all the warm objects around us glow fiercely at those energies .
It would be like trying to find a firefly against the Sun !
So we must launch observatories into space to peer at the far infrared light from cosmic objects , and WISE will be our eyes to do just that .
And from these images it looks like it 'll do a fine job .
I 'm impressed with these images .
I 've seen a few early release observations in my time -- I 've made a few myself ! -- and these are excellent .
The whole mission is only supposed to last a few months ; there is coolant on board for the detectors that can only go so far .
In that short time it has a whole sky to observe , and that 's a lot of space .
But that also means there 's a lot to see : galaxies , asteroids , comets , nebulae ... maybe even a gamma-ray burst or two .
The next few months will be very exciting for infrared astronomy !
Related posts : WISE uncovers its first near - Earth asteroid First light for WISEThe terrible beauty of chaotic starbirthSpitzer peeks under a cradle 's blanket
Images credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech / UCLA
by
The future of the mobile phone is here with the new Android phones .
These phones are much more advanced than any other phones on the market , and though there are different brands of Android phones they all seem to function pretty much the same with a few minor differences .
If you have an Android phone you most likely know about themes and wallpapers that you can download to your phone , but installation can be risky and cause a lot of damage to your phone if you do not read the instructions and follow proper installation procedures .
Here you will find a simple process to install themes on your Android phone .
Make sure that you pay attention and do as the instructions say .
Instructions for Installing Themes on Your Android
1. Rename the theme to update.zip
Themes usually come in .zip format with a title .
It is important to change file name to update .zip .
You will need to right click file , and then right click again to rename .
If you have multiple themes that you want to download , just download them to a separate folder and remember to follow the instructions and download them to the SD card and then rename with update.zip .
2 . To the root of your SD card , copy update.zip .
You need to copy update .zip to the root of your SD card and not to a folder but directly on the letter drive .
3 . Reboot the phone in recovery mode
Press and hold the power / end call button .
When the power is off , press and hold the power and home buttons .
Continue to hold these buttons until the phone vibrates and the Android image or logo appears .
Release the buttons and wait for the recovery screen .
4 . Make sure that you do an Android backup on your phone .
An Android backup is available on the cyanogen mod and can be used in case you wish to restore your Android phone to the original state .
Scroll to and select Android vX.X or Alt +B
Wait for a few minutes until your phone displays ‘ backup complete ’ on the screen .
5 . Now you can apply the theme to you phone
Scroll and select update.zip or Alt +A
Press the home button to confirm
Wait until the screen says install from ‘ sdcard complete ’ .
6 . Finally scroll and select reboot now ( home + back )
It may take about 5 - 10 minutes for your phone to reboot with the new information .
Remember , you can only install themes on a rooted Android phone .
This will make a difference in how your phone functions .
Some downloaded themes will create problems with your ROM and slow down the function of your phone .
There is always a risk in downloading information to any device , but be extra careful in where you choose to get your downloads from .
You want to use a reliable source that does n’t have any viruses attached to the files that can compromise your entire system .
It is best if you are not sure how to install or what to install to leave it to a professional .
The themes and wallpapers you choose to download to your phone is a matter of personal taste .
You can find theme and wallpaper areas in several Forums we have reviewed .
The Dark Dream theme is an interesting one with a lot of graphics that a bit futuristic in appearance .
But if you like themes like this you can easily find them by searching themes and wallpapers for Android phones online and find a whole host of applications you can use on your Android phone .
Modern technology has made it possible to communicate in more than one or two ways .
There are now many ways to communicate and stay in touch with friends and family .
The Android phones are proving rather popular with users as they apply all the neat themes and wallpapers to give their phones a personal touch .
Many like the new features that these phones have compared to the older phones will pre-installed wallpaper and graphics .
The Android phones are quickly becoming the norm among many users as the older versions of mobile phones are being tossed out .
Android phones are the wave of the future and though they may not be perfect they do provide better functionality , more graphics and overall perform better than the average mobile phone .
The web based application is also a great feature that the public is raving about .
The ability to use a realistic keyboard and surf the web is simply amazing .
Some say they do n’t know how they got along without it .
http://www.flickr.com/photos/nickwheeleroz/
/ CC BY-NC-SA 2.0UPDATE :
This post was updated in June 2010 to reflect trending codec use and Canon 's firmware upgrade to the 5D Mark II DSLR .
The Canon 5D Mark II is a year old and many newspapers have adopted this DSLR as their video camera of choice .
The 1080 p high definition video is stunning .
Throw a fast lens on it , like a 50 mm 1.4 , and the short depth of field make you think you 're shooting on an outrageously expensive film camera .
All for US $ 2,799 .
A lot of people have been asking me how it fits into our post - production workflow at The Courier - Journal in Louisville .
While serving on the faculty at the Mountain Workshops inOctober I solicited the help of video gurus Chad Stevens and Bob Sacha , who produce work for MediaStorm .
I adopted MediaStorm 's workflow at our shop and came up with our own streamlined process from captured 5D Mark II footage to Final Cut Pro export .
INGEST : First I dump all of the video files into one folder on a hard drive .
UPDATE : With the new firmware updates during the spring of 2010 , the 5D Mark II can now shoot 29.97 or 23.978 frames per second , negating the need to convert files to new framerates .
29.97 : Since the Mark II shoots in 30 fps I convert the files to 29.97 fps .
( Philip Bloom has said a future firmware upgrade might take care of this . )
But for now I must convert because QuickTime interprets the files as 29.97 fps .
To do this I use Final Cut's Cinema Tools and after a few clicks the files are converted : First , open the application and click Create New Database from the pop up .
Cancel out the dialogue box that opens and go to File > Batch Conform .
Next , I pick one video file from that last ingest .
Select 29.97 from the drop down menu and Cinema Tools will conform every video file within that folder to the proper spec .
It should only take a few seconds .
CONVERT : While newer MacBook Pro's have on - board h.264 decompression built into their video cards , Apple 's big bad Mac Pro tower machines do not .
At our newspaper we 're working on those towers , so viewing the gorgeous 1080 p h.264 files that the 5D Mark II captures is a struggle .
I convert from 1080 p to 720 p h.264 and Final Cut Pro on those Mac Pro 's seems to handle them OK .
Another method is to convert to ProRes 422 .
( Vincent Laforet outlines how to do that with either MPEG StreamClip or Final Cut 's Compressor here .
Since ProRes codec decompresses the h.264 files , a lot more storage space is needed for those video files . )
UPDATE : ProRes 422 or ProRes 4444 is being widely used as a codec for 5D Mark II files being edited in Final Cut Pro. Rendering is realtime and ProRes Final Cut projects are ready to be exported back into h.264 for posting on the Web or exporting to other compressed formats or uncompressed formats for use on HD TVs .
When I use Compressor I have a custom conversion method setup to scale the files down to 720 p and keep the 29.97 framerate .
It works for us and our online video player created by the people at Brightcove .
Once the files are converted they can be dropped into Final Cut .
To check out MediaStorm 's full workflow head over to their submissions page .
Offshore - Allianz Europas Norden treibt die Energiewende voran
Neun europäische Staaten , darunter Deutschland , planen ein Megaprojekt : Sie wollen ein gewaltiges Energienetz in der Nordsee verlegen .
Ökonomen und Wissenschaftler loben das Vorhaben als Meilenstein für die Ökostromwende - auch wenn bislang nur eine Absichtserklärung existiert .
On Sunday , January 10th , 2010 over 5,000 people took off their pants on subways in 44 cities around the world .
In New York , our 9th Annual No Pants !
Subway Ride had over 3,000 participants , spread out over six meeting points and ten subway lines .
Enjoy the video first and then go behind the scenes with our mission report and photos .
If you ’re unfamiliar with No Pants , you might want to first read our history of The No Pants Subway Ride
The crowd at Foley Square
After having 1,200 show up in a snow storm last year , we knew this year ’s attendance would be huge .
When Justin Timberlake is tweeting about it , you know it ’s going to be big .
As each year passes , No Pants becomes more and more like a parade– a celebration of silliness .
It ’s more of an international holiday than a top secret prank , but we still do our best to divide up the masses so that the prank at least starts slow and subtle .
To accomplish this we expanded No Pants this year from one meeting point to six .
I ran the downtown Manhattan meeting point along with three other megaphone wielding No Pants “ Generals . ”
We divided our crowd up into four train lines ( the 6 , N , E , and 1 . )
Before we started I polled the audience to see who had been participating the longest , making people crouch as the years counted up .
Agent McFluffster was the last standing ( besides me ) , having participated for five years .
He was randomly on the train as an “ audience member ” for No Pants 2005 and has been participating ever since !
Agent Good ran the Central Park location up near Harlem and divided his crowd between the A and 1 trains .
Central Park participants
Agent Ace $ Thugg ran the Prospect Park Brooklyn location ( F train . )
A family participating together at the Prospect Park spot
Agent Scordelis ran the Bushwick location ( L train . )
Agent ( Rob ) Lathan ran the Astoria Queens location ( N train . )
Agents Pavlovich and Purnell organize participants into car numbers
Agent Shafer ran the Flushing Queens location ( 7 train . )
They met out at the old World ’s Fairgrounds , in front of the Unisphere .
The first stop on the 6 train
The mission started the same way on each of the 100 cars we took over .
One person stood up , removed their pants , and exited the train to wait on the platform for the next one .
This left lots of nice moments with people by themselves in their underwear .
This was the first year that we used train lines that had outdoor sections .
Participants in parts of Brooklyn and Queens had to wait out in the 28 degree cold for the next train to arrive .
As No Pants grows , the thing I am most proud of is the increased diversity .
When No Pants started in 2002 , it was seven white males in their early to mid twenties .
As each year has passed , we ’ve seen increased diversity in gender , age , and ethnicity .
This was the first year that the participants looked like a true representation of New York City .
Sure , it still skews young , with lots of student participation , but I saw several sets of mother / daughter teams , families , babies , and grandparents .
We had dozens of high school kids from the Bronx participating as well as people who traveled from places like Mexico and The Netherlands just to experience No Pants in New York ( and both of those countries had their own local rides ! )
Folks will probably still continue to dismiss No Pants as a “ hipster ” event , but they ’re dead wrong .
Making a transfer
The individual choices and differences amongst participants are always fun .
Superman FTW
An agent in formal attire
Agent Corey , pregnant
A laptop user
Reading “ Wrestling for Beginners ”
( though he ca n’t be that much of a novice if he ’s already won a belt ! )
This guy was awesome
As usual we got a wide variety of reactions from the New Yorkers we encountered .
Certainly more than a few had heard about it or even seen it before , but in a city of eight million ( plus tourists ) , there will always be people having their first run-in with pantless train riders .
Masses of people transferring at Times Square
All of the train lines converged on Union Square at the end of the mission , which means that within a short stretch of time 3,000 pantless people passed through the station ’s exit turnstiles .
Although the mission really ends when you exit the train , for some participants the party has just begun .
As in years past , many ( if not most ) participants chose to remain pantless in Union Square for hours .
All sorts of random fun was created on the spot : dance battles , conga lines , duck duck goose , etc !
Some folks kept their pants off for the rest of the night , taking the train home in their underwear after a night of pantless drinking and dining .
The masses above ground at Union Square
Posing for photos in the station post mission
You may remember that we had trouble with the police in 2006 , but since then the NYPD has been wonderful towards us .
This year they were in especially good spirits , laughing and posing for photos with participants at Union Square .
With thousands of people standing in Union Square in their underwear , some participants got the bright idea to get everyone to Look Up
For the third year in a row , there was a counter - contingent .
The “ Pro Pants ” group was back once again to try to convert us to their pants - based religion .
They went all out this year with pamphlets , sandwich boards , and free pairs of pants .
You can read Agent Eppink ’s documentation of Pro Pants on his site
Agent Eppink prosthelytizing
Do you need pants ?
All of the No Pants Generals got together to take a group photo at the end .
I ca n’t believe we had nine megaphones .
No Pants 2010 Subway Ride Generals ( L- R ) Back : Agents Good , Todd , Shafer , Lindquist , FiedlerFront : Agents Scordelis , Lathan , Ace $ Thugg , Reeves
The prank lives on into the night , returning to the subtle nature of the beginning with people walking around all alone in their underwear .
While we were having our fun in New York , No Pants Subway ( or Light Rail or Bus ) Rides were also happening in 43 other cities in 16 different countries .
I uploaded a highlight photo of each regional ride to flickr .
Justine Bateman appears in the Los Angeles photo .
I think that makes her our first celebrity No Pants participant , though several past participants have gone on to television fame .
Their faces in photos of past years are like Easter eggs now .
Anyway , it ’s fun to see photos from people doing the same silly thing all over the world :
No Pants Regional Rides Photo Set
Finally , I ’m not sure if Pete Wentz , the bassist for Fall Out Boy , ran into us in New York or Los Angeles , but either way , this cracked me up :
Mission Accomplished .
OTHER RESOURCES :
For links to more photos , videos , and news articles for all of the No Pants Subway Rides check out the posts below .
The comments sections are filled with first - hand agent reports and links to more media .
NYC Agent Reports
Regional Agent Reports
Also check out our complete history of The No Pants Subway Ride .
Seeking the best interests of children in Lake County
In Illinois , the family court can appoint an attorney to represent the best interests of a child in a custody case .
Gary L. Schlesinger and Michael Strauss both accept court appointments as a child ’s representative .
To learn more about your parental rights and your child ’s rights in a custody dispute , please contact our Illinois Children ’s Rights Lawyer .
A child ’s representative in an Illinois child custody case serves two main functions :
Determine and advise the court regarding best interests of the child Present the wishes and requests of the child to the family court
Our Libertyville family law attorneys handle all aspects of divorce , dissolution , and Illinois family law .
We handle parental rights issues involving juvenile court , guardianship , and other decisions regarding placement of children .
Contact an Illinois Children ’s Rights Lawyer
If your family is involved in a contentious child custody dispute , a court - appointed child ’s representative can articulate the interests of your child to the court .
To learn more about the role of a child ’s representative in Illinois family law , call or e-mail our Lake County child custody attorney .
Contact an Illinois child ’s rights attorney
Cannabis with a potential street value of € 1 million was seized by gardaí and Revenue Customs Service officers in Hempstown , Co Wicklow , yesterday afternoon .
The drugs were discovered in a yard in the town .
The 100kg of herbal cannabis and cannabis resin had been transported from Holland to Dublin Port earlier , hidden in clothes and electrical lights .
Officers from the Garda National Drugs Unit believe they were brought in by a south Dublin criminal gang .
Apple , Adobe , and Flash
In my “ Tablet Musings ” piece two weeks ago , I speculated that Apple ’s imminent tablet probably wo n’t support Flash , for all the same reasons the iPhone does n’t .
Reaction to this was polarized — typically either “ duh , of course it won ’t ” or “ no way , it has to support Flash ” .
You can see both reactions represented in the thread on my piece at Hacker News .
One group is going to be very surprised come Wednesday .
I ’ve been writing about this saga for two years .
My fascination with the subject is fueled by the fact that it ’s so polarizing , and that it encompasses both technical and political issues .
On Flash and Mac OS X Application Crashes
Two weeks ago I wrote :
To my knowledge , Apple controls the entire source code to the iPhone OS .
That ’s not to say they wrote the whole thing from scratch .
Many low - level OS components are open source .
But they have the source .
If there ’s a bug , they can fix it .
If something is slow , they can optimize or re-write it .
That is not true for Mac OS X , and Flash is a prime example .
The single leading source of application crashes on Mac OS X is a component that Apple ca n’t fix .
Several readers asked me for the source for my accusation contained in that last sentence , that Flash is the “ leading source of application crashes on Mac OS X ” .
( And good for them for asking ; I ’m not sure what I was thinking including that without sourcing it . )
Here ’s the deal .
On stage at the WWDC 2009 keynote address last June , Apple senior vice president of software engineering Bertrand Serlet was explaining the new web content plugin mechanism for Safari in Snow Leopard .
Rather than run within Safari ’s application process , web content plugins now run in their own process , so if they crash , they ( usually ) do n’t crash Safari itself .
You get a broken little rectangle in the page where the plugin was executing , but the browser itself stays running .
Apple did this for two reasons .
Serlet ’s stated reason on stage was “ crash resistance ” , as mentioned above .
As for why such crash resistance was worth implementing , Serlet explained that , based on data from the Crash Reporter application built into Mac OS X — the thing that asks if you ’d like to send crash data to Apple after a crash — the most frequent cause of crashes across all of Mac OS X are ( or at least were , pre-Snow Leopard ) “ plugins ” .
Serlet did n’t name any specific guilty plugins .
Just “ plugins ” .
But during the week at WWDC , I confirmed with several sources at Apple who are familiar with the aggregate Crash Reporter data , and they confirmed that “ plugins ” was a euphemism for “ Flash ” .
In other words , in Apple ’s giant pile of aggregate crash reports — from all app crashes on all Macs from all users who click the button to send these reports to Apple —
Flash accounts for more of them than anything else .
That does n’t mean Flash somehow causes crashes in any various app .
Presumably , most of the time it ’s Safari or some other browser playing Flash content .
And it ’s worth noting that this does n’t necessarily mean Flash is particularly crash - prone or poorly engineered .
Think of it as a formula like this :
total crashes = ( crashing bugs ) × ( actual use )
Flash ’s number and severity of crashing bugs could well be somewhat low and it would still account for a large number of total crashes because it ’s actually used all the time — by any Mac user with Flash content playing in a web page .
And , if Flash Player for Mac OS X actually is poorly - engineered overly - buggy code , well , that ’s even worse .
But there ’s another reason why Apple created this new external process architecture for web content plugins in Snow Leopard : it was the only way they could ship Safari and the WebKit framework as 64 - bit binaries .
Flash Player is only available as a 32 - bit binary .
( This is true for other third - party web content plugins , like Silverlight , but Flash is the only one that ships as part of the system . ) 64 - bit apps cannot run 32 - bit plugins .
Apple does n’t have the source code to Flash , so only Adobe can make Flash Player 64 - bit compatible .
They have n’t yet .
So if Apple wanted Safari to be 64 - bit in Snow Leopard ( and they did ) , they needed to run 32 - bit plugins like Flash in a separate process .
Maybe you do n’t believe Apple that web content plugins are the most frequent source of crashes on Mac OS X .
Maybe you do n’t believe me and my unnamed sources at Apple that it ’s Flash in particular that accounts for this .
That ’s cool , skepticism is good .
So then in that case , maybe Bertrand Serlet blamed “ plugin crash resistance ” for political reasons , just to stick a knife in Adobe ’s back , and the only reason Apple went with this external - process architecture was for the 64 - bit / 32 - bit incompatibility .
But that just shines a light on the fact that Flash is still a 32 - bit binary despite the fact that Apple wants to go 64 - bit system - wide .
Flash remains 32 - bit and there ’s nothing Apple can do about it .
Instead of being able to make Flash 64 - bit themselves , Apple had to engineer an entirely new plugin architecture .
This is why Apple wants to control the source code to the entire OS .
If they want to go 64 - bit with iPhone OS , it ’s entirely in Apple ’s own control to do so .
And what happens if Apple goes to a new CPU architecture ?
For the components Apple controls the source code to , they can recompile for the new architecture .
If the entire system does n’t recompile cleanly for the new architecture , they can work on it until it does .
For a component like Flash , where Adobe controls the source code , Apple instead has to wait .
Which situation do you think Apple is happier with ?
Mac OS X , where they had to create a new web content plugin architecture because Flash crashes frequently and is n’t 64 - bit ?
Or iPhone OS , where they control the source code to every single component , and can do whatever they want , when they want ?
Point is , even if you think Flash Player for Mac OS X is the greatest piece of software in the world and that a Flash Player for iPhone OS would run just fine , too — there ’s no denying that Apple executives have said and continue to say anti-Flash things publicly .
Apple does n’t say much about Flash , but what they do say does n’t sound like the sort of things they ’d say if they were looking forward to supporting it more rather than less .
The Proprietary Web
It ’s probably pretty clear to regular DF readers that I do n’t care for Flash , and that I ’m hoping Apple never includes it in the iPhone OS .
Might as well make my biases clear .
Why ?
At the core , because Flash is the only de facto web standard based on a proprietary technology .
There are numerous proprietary web content plugins — including Apple ’s QuickTime — but Flash is the only one that ’s so ubiquitous that it ’s a de facto standard .
Flash is the way video is delivered over the web , and Adobe completely controls Flash .
No other aspect of the web works like this .
HTML , CSS , and JavaScript are all open standards , with numerous implementations , including several that are open source .
The simplest argument in favor of Flash support on the iPhone ( and The Tablet , and everywhere ) is that Flash is , by dint of its popularity and ubiquity , part of the web .
But the best argument against Flash support is that it is harmful to the web as a whole to have something as important as video be in the hands of a single company , and the only way that ’s going to change is if an open alternative becomes a compelling target for web publishers .
It ’s a chicken - and - egg problem .
Publishers use Flash for web video because Flash is installed on such a high percentage of clients ; clients support Flash because so many publishers use Flash for web video .
Apple , with the iPhone , is solving the chicken and egg problem .
For the first time ever , there is a large and growing audience of demographically desirable users who do n’t have Flash installed .
If you want to show video to iPhone users , you need to use H.264 .
Apple is n’t trying to replace Flash with its own proprietary thing .
They ’re replacing it with H.264 and HTML5 .
This is good for everyone but Adobe .
And yes , I know Flash does much more than just play video .
But that ’s the main thing everyone is talking about when they talk about Flash not working on the iPhone — video .
And when you talk about other uses for Flash , you ’re talking about serving as a software runtime , and whether you like it or not , Apple has a clearly stated opposition to third - party software runtimes for iPhone OS , and that policy seems to be working out pretty well for them .
Here ’s an email I got from a DF reader :
I was in line waiting for a coffee on Christmas day .
In front of me was a kid , about nine or ten , who had an iPhone .
He clearly had gotten it that morning .
He was pushing frantically at a white box on a web page with the broken plug - in symbol .
He was squeezing it , swiping it .
He was frustrated and on the verge of getting pissed with his new toy .
It seemed like he was trying to hit an online game page , probably one he was used to playing on the family PC .
Finally I could n’t take it anymore .
I leaned over and said , “ It wo n’t load Flash .
It wo n’t play your Flash games . ”
His mom , ignoring him up to that point , was triggered by a stranger talking to her kid .
“ That ’s okay honey , ” she said , “ we ’ll get you a game from the App Store . ”
His response to this ?
He started working that device even harder .
He did n’t want an App Store game ; he wanted his Flash game .
And that iPhone suddenly took a huge dive in value to him .
Like it or not , Apple needs to come to terms with this .
If only for the kids .
I think this anecdote , and this reader ’s takeaway from it , accurately captures the feeling behind much of the “ Apple has got to bend on this eventually ” sentiment that ’s out there .
But think about it from Apple ’s perspective .
How do you think this situation turned out in the long run ?
Do you think the kid told his mom to return the iPhone for a refund ?
Or , do you think they went home and started buying games from the App Store ?
That there was a period of initial frustration due to Flash games not playing does n’t change the fact that they ( a ) bought an iPhone and ( b ) were set to buy games from the App Store .
I ’m not arguing that Apple ’s apparent executive - level antipathy toward Flash is about anything other than Apple ’s own interests .
( I do think , though , that Apple ’s WebKit team is genuinely idealistic about helping the web as a whole . )
But while Apple may be acting spitefully , they ’re not spiting themselves .
The iPhone ’s lack of Flash has not hurt it one bit .
Perhaps that will change in the future , if Flash someday proves popular on other mobile platforms , but do n’t hold your breath .
Flash Performance on Mac OS X
In addition to the principled concerns outlined above regarding Flash being proprietary , there are also practical issues .
One , Flash ’s aforementioned crashiness on Mac OS X. Second , crashiness aside , its performance on Mac OS X is not as good as it is on Windows .
And for video playback specifically , Flash ’s performance pales compared to H.264 played through QuickTime .
This is not subjective .
My machine is a two - year - old MacBook Pro .
It plays full - screen H.264 video through QuickTime without problem .
When I play full - screen Flash video , my fan kicks in within a few seconds , every time .
I ’ve been hard on Flash Player for Mac OS X , but this performance situation is not entirely in Adobe ’s hands .
On Windows , Flash makes use of hardware decoding for H.264 , if available .
On Mac OS X , it does not .
This is one reason why Flash video playback performs better on Windows than Mac OS X , and also why H.264 playback on Mac OS X is better through QuickTime ( which does use hardware decoding ) .
According to Adobe , though , this is because they can’t .
Here ’s an entry from their Flash Player FAQ :
Q. Why is hardware decoding of H.264 only supported on the Windows platform ?
A. In Flash Player 10.1 , H.264 hardware acceleration is not supported under Linux and Mac OS .
Linux currently lacks a developed standard API that supports H.264 hardware video decoding , and Mac OS X does not expose access to the required APIs .
We will continue to evaluate when to support this feature on Mac and Linux platforms in future releases .
Adobe platform evangelist Lee Brimelow recently posted a weblog entry addressing this :
But let ’s talk more about the Flash Player on the Mac .
If it is not 100 % on par with the Windows player people assume that it is all our fault .
The facts show that this is simply not the case .
Let ’s take for example the question of hardware acceleration for H.264 video that we released with Flash Player 10.1 .
Here you can see some published results for how much the situation has improved on Windows .
Unfortunately we could not add this acceleration to the Mac player because Apple does not provide a public API to make this happen .
You can easily verify that by asking Apple .
I ’m happy to say that we still made some improvements for the Mac player when it comes to video playback , but we simply could not implement the hardware acceleration .
This is but one example of stumbling blocks we face when it comes to Apple .
I ’m aware of no reason to dispute this .
Windows is more hospitable to a third - party runtime like Flash than Mac OS X .
I think most would agree that Apple is an opinionated company ( to say the least ) , and they make opinionated products .
The runtimes Apple cares about are Cocoa and WebKit .
The Apple way to play H.264 is through the QuickTime APIs ( and really , as of Snow Leopard the new QuickTime X APIs ) , not to write your own H.264 playback code that seeks to directly access hardware accelerators .
You can argue about why Apple has taken this stance .
One could argue that it ’s pragmatic — that Apple does n’t allow third - party software access to things like hardware H.264 acceleration because it seeks to maintain a layer of abstraction between third - party software and the underlying hardware .
One could argue that it ’s political — that Apple is happy to make Flash look bad performance - wise because Flash is competitive with Apple products in several different regards .
( E.g. you may wish that Hulu , which is entirely Flash - based , worked on your iPhone and worked better on your Mac .
Apple wishes that Hulu ’s content was going through the iTunes Store . )
I would argue that it ’s both — that Apple ’s distaste for Flash Player is both a matter of engineering taste ( that third - party software should only have access to high - level APIs ) and politics .
But objectively , regardless of what you personally wish Apple would do with regard to Flash , if Adobe needs Apple to grant them further access to the hardware to make the Mac version of Flash Player better , what are the odds that they ’d get that sort of low - level hardware access on the iPhone OS ?
( Hint : zero . )
I ’ll leave the last word to Apple COO Tim Cook , who a year ago said , “ We believe in the simple , not the complex .
We believe that we need to own and control the primary technologies behind the products we make , and participate only in markets where we can make a significant contribution . ”
Flash is owned and controlled by Adobe .
The Renault F1 Team is set to unveil Vitaly Petrov as their number two driver for the 2010 Formula 1 season , after the Russian today concluded a deal in which he will bring an estimated € 10 million to the squad .
Sources close to the team have told me that Petrov , who finished runner up in the 2009 GP2 Series to fellow 2010 F1 graduate Nico Hulkenberg , had a seat fitting yesterday ( Friday ) at Enstone , and put pen to paper to ink the deal which will see him become the first Russian F1 race driver in history , this afternoon ( Saturday . )
As such , I would expect him to be officially announced as a Renault driver and Robert Kubica ’s team - mate at the launch of Renault ’s new yellow and black car , the R30 , at Valencia tomorrow .
Doing the deal early is good news from the perspective of both the team and driver , as it will allow the rookie some much needed testing mileage .
The Vyborg Rocket , as he is known in Russia , ( because he comes from Vyborg and is pretty quick ) or Alex from “ A Clockwork Orange ” as he is called by others ( because he looks like Alex from “ A Clockwork Orange ) , began his racing career in 2001 in the Lada Cup championship in his homeland before making the switch to European - based single seaters in 2003 when he took part in the Formula Renault UK Winter Cup .
He continued in various Formula Renault championship in 2003 and 2004 for EuroNova Racing before returning to Russia for a bit more Lada action in 2005 .
Come 2006 , Petrov was back in Europe and back with EuroNova , winning a race in the Euro3000 championship before making a mid-season switch to complete the 2006 GP2 season with DPR , making his debut in the F1 feeder category at Hockenheim .
For 2007 he linked up with Campos Racing in GP2 , partnering Giorgio Pantano and the duo helped turn the back - of - the - field team into a regular points scorer and , by season ’s end , race winner .
Petrov took his first GP2 win at the season finale in Valencia .
In 2008 Petrov stuck with Campos but struggled to find form .
Many suggested he had only shone the season before due to Pantano ’s input at the team , and it took the mid-season arrival of Lucas di Grassi to turn the team ’s fortunes around .
Petrov again won in Valencia , this time at the new street track , but although only taking part in half of the season it was di Grassi who finished the season as the best placed Campos driver .
Last season , Petrov was again racing for Campos , this time as the re-named Barwa Addax team following the squad ’s purchase by Alejandro Agag as Adrian Campos went off in search of his F1 team dream .
The Russian was teamed with championship favourite Romain Grosjean , and the duo appeared evenly matched in the opening rounds .
When Grosjean was promoted to a full - time f1 race seat at mid-season , Petrov became the team ’s main challenger and duly took the fight to Nico Hulkenberg at ART .
Although Hulkenberg was quite clearly in a class of his own , Petrov had some impressive races , once again looking majestic in Valencia .
It does seem interesting that in his last three seasons in GP2 , Petrov has been teamed with three drivers who were not considered good enough for Renault , but who all beat him in equal machinery .
Pantano tested for Renault in its former incarnation as Benetton but was never given the shot at a race seat , di Grassi was a long suffering RDD reserve but never afforded the opportunity with the big boys and was passed over for both Piquet and Grosjean , and finally the aforementioned Grosjean , who was collateral damage in Renault ’s disastrous 2009 .
What , then , stands Petrov out ?
Well , there are probably about 10 million very good reasons why Renault should have picked Petrov .
I have heard that his sign on fee was in the region of $ 15 million , which equates to around £ 8 million or € 10 million .
He has long been backed by the Russian government , and stories over the last few weeks also linked Gazprom ( a one - time Minardi sponsor ) with Petrov ’s push for an F1 seat , alongside some other pretty heavy - weight Russian companies .
But I do n’t think this is all about cash , although I ’m sure it ca n’t have hindered his chances .
Petrov is quick .
Whether he ’s super quick I ’m yet to really figure out , but I know for sure he ’s not Hulkenberg quick .
As such I doubt very much that he will set the world on fire .
Then again , I did n’t think Kobayashi looked much cop in GP2 , and look how exciting he was in his first F1 races !
Make no mistake , however .
Petrov is no idiot .
He ’s not some Take Inoue who is going to tool around half a week off the pace and crash into the safety car .
He ’s a racer , and a hard one at that .
Petrov does represent one of the largest nations on earth , and with Bernie known to be keen on a Russian Grand Prix , Vitaly ’s move into F1 wo n’t harm things on that front .
He ’s also a really good guy .
His English was pretty stunted for his first few years in GP2 , but over the last season he really came out of himself .
He has a wicked sense of humour and if he ’s allowed space to flourish , he ’ll be a great addition to the F1 field .
1 # ChangeLog for profile directory 1 # ChangeLog for profile directory
2 # Copyright 1999 - 2010 Gentoo Foundation ; Distributed under the GPL v2 2 # Copyright 1999 - 2010 Gentoo Foundation ; Distributed under the GPL v2
3 # $ Header : /var / cvsroot / gentoo-x86/ profiles/ChangeLog , v 1.38 79 2010/02/11 17 : 1 4 : 39 ulm Exp $ 3 # $ Header : /var / cvsroot / gentoo-x86/ profiles/ChangeLog , v 1.38 80 2010/02/1 3 1 3 :4 0 : 55 patrick Exp $
4 # 4 #
5 # This ChangeLog should include records for all changes in profiles directory .
5 # This ChangeLog should include records for all changes in profiles directory .
6 # Only typo fixes which do n't affect portage / repoman behaviour could be avoided 6 #
Only typo fixes which do n't affect portage / repoman behaviour could be avoided
7 # here .
If in doubt put a record here !
7 # here .
If in doubt put a record here !
8
9 13 Feb 2010 ; Patrick Lauer < patrick@gentoo.org > package.mask :
10 Remove perl 5.10 mask as all critical bugs are now fixed
8 11
9 11 Feb 2010 ; Ulrich Mueller < ulm@gentoo.org > license_groups : 12 11 Feb 2010 ; Ulrich Mueller < ulm@gentoo.org > license_groups :
10 Remove X11 from GPL - COMPATIBLE because the file is gone , bug 298556 .
13 Remove X11 from GPL - COMPATIBLE because the file is gone , bug 298556 .
11 14
Two fire - red birds swooped screeching through the forest , flared their yellow and blue wings and alighted on the upright trunk of a dead palm tree .
In the green shadows , the scarlet macaws were dazzling ; they might as well have been shot from flamethrowers .
One slipped into a hole in the tree , then popped its head out and touched beaks with its mate , whose long red tail pressed against the trunk .
The birds eyed us suspiciously .
From This Story [ × ]
CLOSE Endangered chimpanzees and gorillas in Africa face a new threat as investigators uncover what appears to be an undercover ape smuggling operation Video : African Ape Smuggling Related Content On the Prowl
As well they should have .
I was with hunters who wanted the macaws ' chicks .
We were in the Amazon Basin of northern Ecuador , where I had gone to learn more about wildlife trafficking in Latin America .
I wanted to get to the source of the problem .
I wanted to learn what its consequences were — for people and wildlife .
These two macaws would serve as my lens .
Wildlife trafficking is thought to be the third most valuable illicit commerce in the world , after drugs and weapons , worth an estimated $ 10 billion a year , according to the U.S. State Department .
Birds are the most common contraband ; the State Department estimates that two million to five million wild birds , from hummingbirds to parrots to harpy eagles , are traded illegally worldwide every year .
Millions of turtles , crocodiles , snakes and other reptiles are also trafficked , as well as mammals and insects .
Since 1973 , the buying and selling of wildlife across borders has been regulated by the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species ( CITES ) , whose purpose is to prevent such trade from threatening the survival of 5,000 animal and 28,000 plant species .
CITES enforcement falls largely to individual countries , many of which impose additional regulations on wildlife trade .
In the United States , the Wild Bird Conservation Act of 1992 outlawed the importation of most wild - caught birds .
( Unless you 're at a flea market on the southern border , any parrot you see for sale in the United States was almost certainly bred in captivity . )
In 2007 , the European Union banned the importation of all wild birds ; Ecuador and all but a few other South American countries ban the commercial harvesting and export of wild - caught parrots .
" We do not lack laws against the trade , " María Fernanda Espinosa , director of the International Union for Conservation of Nature in South America , said in her office in Quito , Ecuador 's capital city .
( She has since been named Ecuador 's minister of culture and natural heritage . )
" But there is a lack of resources , and that means it is not a conservation priority . "
In all of Ecuador , as few as nine police officers have been assigned to illegal trafficking .
Latin America is vulnerable to wildlife trafficking because of its extraordinary biodiversity .
Ecuador — about the size of Colorado — has about 1,600 species of birds ; the entire continental United States has about 900 .
Accurate data about the illegal trade in animals and plants are hard to come by .
Brazil is the Latin American nation with the most comprehensive information ; its Institute of Environment and Natural Resources cites estimates that at least 12 million wild animals are poached there each year .
Animals ripped from their habitat suffer , of course .
They are smuggled in thermoses and nylon stockings , stuffed into toilet paper tubes , hair curlers and hubcaps .
At one market in Ecuador , I was offered a parakeet .
I asked the seller how I would get it on an airplane .
" Give it vodka and put it in your pocket , " he said .
" It will be quiet . "
Conservationists say most captured wild animals die before reaching a buyer .
In northwest Guyana , I saw 25 blue - and - yellow macaws — almost certainly smuggled from Venezuela — being carried from jungle to city in small , crowded cages .
When I observed a police bust at a market in Belém , Brazil , one of the 38 birds confiscated was a barn owl crammed in a cardboard box hidden under furniture at the back of a market stall .
At one rescue center outside Quito , I saw a turtle with two bullet holes in its carapace .
Its owners had used it for target practice .
Animals stolen in Latin America often end up in the United States , Europe or Japan .
But many never leave their native countries , being installed in hotels and restaurants or becoming household pets .
In Latin America , keeping local animals — parrots , monkeys and turtles — is an old tradition .
In parts of Brazil , tamed wild animals are called xerimbabos , which means " something beloved . "
In recent surveys , 30 percent of Brazilians and 25 percent of Costa Ricans said they had kept wild animals as pets .
Habitat loss is probably the main threat to New World tropical animals , says Carlos Drews , a biologist for the World Wildlife Fund in Costa Rica .
" Wildlife trafficking and overexploitation are probably second . "
As one zoo director in Brazil told me , " There are no limits .
You can buy whatever you want .
Every species is for sale . "
My guides and I had been traveling by canoe down a small river in the Napo region of Ecuador when we found the scarlet macaws .
We scrambled from the canoe and hustled through thick mud toward the tree , sinking at times to our knees .
On a small rise , we quickly built a leafy blind out of tree branches .
The macaws had left as we entered the jungle , and we waited behind the blind for them to return .
We wanted to watch their comings and goings to see if they had chicks .
The macaws returned to the nest right away .
One announced itself with raucous " rraa -aar " screeches , then landed on the trunk , clinging sideways while it looked at the blind .
Like many parrot species , scarlet macaws ( Ara macao ) pair up in long - term relationships .
They can live for decades .
The birds eat fruit and nuts , nest high in trees , and raise one or two chicks at a time .
Their range extends from Mexico to Peru , Bolivia and Brazil .
We were lucky to find a pair nesting low enough to be easily visible .
Scarlet macaws are a study in primary colors — fiery red , cadmium yellow and dark blue .
Yet each has distinctive markings .
The red on the macaw at the nest shaded in places to flame orange , with blue tips to the yellow feathers on its wings .
Small red feathers dotted its pale - skinned face , like freckles on a redhead .
Apparently satisfied that there was no danger , the mate flew into the nest hole .
The first bird left the tree , and the macaw in the hole peeked out at us .
" How much could this bird sell for ? " I asked .
" Maybe $ 150 around here , " said Fausto , the canoe driver .
( I use my guides ' first names to preserve their anonymity . )
I was surprised .
I 'd been offered many animals in my research on the wildlife trade , and $ 150 was about what I would have expected in Quito .
It was more than what most people on this river make in a year .
Fausto , who came from another part of the country but had picked up the local language , made his living hauling cargo on rivers and hunting animals for meat .
He had introduced me to Paa , a hunter from the Huaorani people , who had invited us to join him as he tried to catch a macaw .
The Huaorani had fiercely maintained their independence through centuries of colonization ; only when oil exploration reached this part of the Amazon in the 1960s and ' 70s did their culture begin to change .
Many Huaorani still maintain traditional ways .
They and other local indigenous people sometimes eat macaws .
Animals are central to the Huaorani , and almost as many pets as people live in Paa 's community , from monkeys and macaws to turtles and tapirs .
It is legal for the Huaorani and other indigenous peoples of Ecuador to capture animals from the jungle .
The Huaorani domesticate the animals , or semi-domesticate them .
What is illegal is to sell them .
Paa said he wanted to catch the macaw chicks to make them pets .
" Are you going to cut this tree down ? " I asked Fausto .
" It depends if there are babies or just eggs , " he said .
Though the techniques for catching animals are as varied as human ingenuity , hunters often fell trees to capture chicks , which can be tamed to live with people .
( Eggs are unlikely to yield chicks that live , and adults are too wild to domesticate . )
The macaw inside the nest eyed us for a time and then dropped out of sight into the cavity .
The other macaw retreated to a roost above us in a tree , occasionally croaking to its mate .
Paa and Fausto spoke in Huaorani .
Fausto translated : " There are no babies , " he said .
" They have eggs .
We have to wait until the babies are bigger . "
We agreed to return in several weeks , when the chicks would be near fledging .
" But do n't count on the nest still being here , " Fausto said .
" Someone else will take these birds .
I know what happens on the river . "
Psittacines — the parrot family , which includes parrots , parakeets and macaws — are among the most popular animals in the pet trade , legal and illegal .
And no wonder .
" What more could you ask for in a pet ? " said Jamie Gilardi , director of the World Parrot Trust .
Parrots are some of the most spectacular creatures in the world .
" They seem as smart as a human companion and are incredibly engaging and endlessly fascinating , " Gilardi said .
" Humans find them fun to be around , and have done so for millennia . "
( At the same time , he cautions that parrots are also demanding pets that live for decades . )
Indeed , archaeological studies have uncovered scarlet macaw feathers and bones dating from 1,000 years ago in Native American sites in New Mexico ; the birds had been transported at least 700 miles .
International laws may be helping to reduce some parrot smuggling .
The estimated number of parrots taken illegally from Mexico to the United States declined from 150,000 a year in the late 1980s to perhaps 9,400 now .
But the toll on parrots of all kinds remains huge .
In an analysis of studies done in 14 Latin American nations , biologists found that 30 percent of parrot nests had been poached ; perhaps 400,000 to 800,000 parrot chicks were taken from nests every year .
Many experts say wild parrots can no longer sustain such losses .
Of the 145 parrot species in the Americas , 46 are at risk of extinction .
And the rarer the species , the more valuable it is to poachers — which only puts more pressure on the few remaining specimens .
A single Lear 's macaw , one of the coveted " blue macaws " from Brazil , can ultimately sell for $ 10,000 or more .
The trade can send even apparently healthy species over the edge .
Charles Munn , a parrot researcher at Tropical Nature , a Philadelphia - based conservation group that advocates ecotourism , told me , " If you shoot macaws for meat or feathers , or if you take the babies from the nest , you can wipe them out quickly .
Poaching can get out of control quickly . "
Several weeks after our first visit , we headed back to the scarlet macaw nest in a large canoe powered by a 25 - horse - power motor .
I had been thinking a lot about the macaws , wondering if I could persuade Paa not to cut down the tree .
It was just a couple of days before a feria , or market day , at a small town upstream from the nest .
Canoes loaded with people and merchandise passed us ; the passengers had been traveling for days , camping on sandbars .
After reaching a dirt road built by the oil companies , they would hitchhike or walk another 15 miles to the village .
Many canoes held animals .
We stopped to visit with one boatload of 14 people , from elders to small babies .
The driver offered to sell me an armadillo .
It could be a pet or a meal , he said .
He pulled a struggling baby armadillo , still pink , from a bag .
He would let me have it for $ 20 .
In the middle of the canoe were boxes of smoked meat .
The charred hand of a monkey stuck out of one , fingers clenched .
Indigenous people may legally hunt for subsistence purposes , but carne del monte , or wild meat , is illegal to sell without approval from the Ministry of Environment .
Still , the meat is popular .
At a market in the Ecuadoran Amazon Basin I saw for sale the meat of turtles , agoutis ( a large rodent ) , armadillos and monkeys — all illegal .
Other people on their way upriver to the feria carried peccaries ( related to pigs ) , blue - headed parrots and parakeets .
Selling them is just about the only way they had of making a few dollars .
The canoes carrying meat and animals for sale increased my worries about the scarlet macaws .
Still , I had reason to hope the nest was intact .
Paa said he had not heard anything about them .
And two weeks earlier , I had heard through friends that Fausto had seen the birds at the nest on one of his trips downriver .
Fausto was not with us this time .
This canoe belonged to two young Huaorani brothers with English names , Nelson and Joel .
When we rounded the bend near the nest , the two macaws were sitting together on a branch .
Their backs to us , they gleamed red in the morning sun .
Their long tails waved and shimmered in the soft breeze .
When they saw us , the birds screamed , lifted from their branch and disappeared into the dark forest .
I was relieved to see them .
Then we saw the fresh footprints on the shore .
We raced to the nest .
The tree lay on the ground , smashed and wet .
There were no chicks .
All that remained were a few wet and mangled feathers near the nest hole .
We stood around the tree , speechless , as if by a coffin .
Paa said he had not taken the chicks — someone else had .
He shrugged .
I was coming to realize , regardless of the laws in big cities , that capturing animals in the jungle is common .
It 's not the shadowy activity people might think ; it 's more like an open secret .
The downed tree , to me , represented all the waste and destruction of this illicit trade , which destroys not only wild parrots but also the trees that serve as nest sites year after year .
Thus trafficking harms future generations , too .
We did not know whether the babies survived the crash of the tree onto the ground .
( A recent study in Peru found that 48 percent of all blue - and - yellow macaws die when their trees are felled . )
Even after the nest had been robbed , the parent macaws had stayed by the downed tree , the image of fidelity and loss .
" Who do you think did this ? " I asked no one in particular .
Nelson said : " Three or four days ago , Fausto was seen coming up the river .
He had three scarlet macaw chicks in his canoe . "
Could it have been Fausto , who warned me that he did not think this nest would survive ?
It had not occurred to me that he would poach these macaws , and it felt like a betrayal .
The next day , on the river , we would ask him ourselves .
We were having lunch on a sandbar when we heard another canoe motoring upriver — Fausto , returning home .
He had been hunting .
His canoe held two live turtles and a dead guan , a turkey - like bird .
We asked him if he had taken the macaw chicks .
He denied it .
" But I know who did it , " he said .
" They told me there were only eggs still in the nest .
No chicks . "
We asked him about the three scarlet macaw babies he had in his canoe just a few days earlier .
" Those were from another nest farther downriver , " he said .
He said he had cut down another tree with crimson - fronted macaws , near his house , but the babies were already fledged and flew out of the nest hole as the tree crashed to the ground .
His story seemed garbled and doubtful .
In any event , it was clear that he was poaching animals .
I had traveled with a trafficker for more than a week without realizing it .
As we rode back up the river , I asked the Huaorani men if they worried that overhunting would mean their wildlife would disappear .
" We have to put the brakes on , " Nelson said , adding that they had to travel farther and farther just to find animals .
" We see the animals disappearing .
We have to raise consciousness .
We want to be the protectors of wildlife . "
In his early 20s , Nelson may speak for a new generation in the Amazon Basin of Ecuador .
A few others I spoke with shared his view .
Some are hoping to turn to tourism as an alternative to poaching .
The Napo Wildlife Center in Ecuador , for instance , employs Quichua people as expert guides for tourists .
Anti-poaching initiatives are trying to raise awareness about wildlife and provide incentives to protect it .
Still , people are poor , and they continue to see wildlife as a resource to earn money .
During one nesting season , we had identified five active nests of macaws and parrots , including the scarlet macaws , two pairs of chestnut - fronted macaws , one pair of blue - headed parrots and one pair of black - headed parrots .
As we journeyed up and down the river , we watched for the nest trees .
Every one of them had been cut down .
The parents had vanished .
Here and in many places , trafficking is creating a strange world , a forest without its creatures — a naked forest .
Charles Bergman has written about jaguars and monkeys for Smithsonian and is writing a book about the wild animal trade .
After the jump , in its entirety , is a release we just received that offers sketchy details involving 19 people -- most of them locals -- who were indicted by a federal grand jury this week for their involvement in what the U.S. Attorney 's Office calls a " massive cybercrime conspiracy . "
We will follow up , but the story may take quite a bit of untangling :
It involves allegations that these 19 defrauded telecommunications companies ( among them , AT&T and Verizon ) and " various other service providers , such as power companies , insurance companies , air - conditioning companies , web site developers , and others for goods and services amounting to more than $ 15 million . "
Which is only the start .
According to the release , prosecutors think several of those indicted -- including two Southlake residents , among them 36 - year - old Michael Faulkner , and two from Plano -- fled the country to avoid arrest and prosecution .
The U.S. Attorney also says that " one anonymous internet report suggested that Michael Faulkner was killed attempting to reenter the U.S. from Mexico .
This report has not been confirmed . "
So jump , but I 've already secured the movie rights , far as you know .
Update : Also after the jump , the entire 56 - page indictment .
Update at 12:16 p.m. :
If my read my indictments correctly , today 's announcement appears to be tied to the April 2009 raid at 2323 Bryan Street and the feds ' seizures at Core IP Networks ' data center downtown .
I am pulling those old search warrants now .
NINETEEN INDICTED IN MASSIVE CYBERCRIME CONSPIRACY
Defendants Allegedly Defrauded Telecommunication Companies and Others of More Than $ 15 Million DALLAS --
A federal grand jury in Dallas returned a superseding indictment this week charging 19 defendants in a massive cybercrime conspiracy , announced U.S. Attorney James T. Jacks of the Northern District of Texas .
This indictment supersedes a September 2 , 2009 , indictment that charged nine of the defendants in the conspiracy .
The following 19 defendants are each charged with one count of conspiracy to commit wire and mail fraud .
Defendants ( 3 ) through ( 7 ) , who were charged in the original indictment , have made their initial appearances in federal court and , with the exception of defendant ( 6 ) , are on pretrial release .
Defendant ( 6 ) remains in custody .
Defendants ( 10 ) through ( 15 ) and ( 18 ) and ( 19 ) were either arrested or have surrendered to federal authorities this week .
Defendants ( 16 ) and ( 17 ) are outside of the United States .
Defendants ( 1 ) , ( 2 ) , ( 8 ) and ( 9 ) are believed to have fled the United States to avoid prosecution .
One anonymous internet report suggested that Michael Faulkner was killed attempting to reenter the U.S. from Mexico .
This report has not been confirmed .
( 1 ) * Chastity Lynn Faulkner , 34 , of Southlake , Texas ( fugitive ) ( 2 ) * Michael Blaine Faulkner , 36 , of Southlake , Texas ( fugitive ) ( 3 ) * Brian Patrick Haney , 36 of Plano , Texas ( 4 ) Eric Byron Littlejohn , II , 19 , of Desoto , Texas ( 5 ) Nathan Todd Shafer , 31 of Irving , Texas ( 6 ) * Matthew Norman Simpson , 25 , of Red Oak , Texas ( 7 ) * Alicia Nicole Cargill Smallwood , 28 , of Midlothian , Texas ( 8 ) * Jason Carter Watts , 32 , of Plano , Texas ( fugitive ) ( 9 ) * William Michael Watts , 38 , of Plano , Texas ( fugitive ) ( 10 ) * Logan L. Vig , 22 , of Dallas , Texas ( 11 ) * Arya Neal Behgooy , 33 , of Plano , Texas ( 12 ) * Christopher Wayne Sigler , 27 , of Roanoke , Texas ( 13 ) * Marcus William Wentrcek , 29 , of Frisco , Texas ( 14 ) * Valerian James Stock , 42 , of New Orleans , Louisiana ( 15 ) * Ricky J. Keele , 55 , of Coppell , Texas ( 16 ) * Dmitri Siiatski , 22 , of Canada ( 17 ) * Milos Vujanic , 29 , of Eastern Europe ( 18 ) Jennifer Jo Gilliland , 29 , of Phoenix , Arizona ( 19 ) Casimir A. Wojciechowski , a/k / a Casey , 56 , of Illinois
The eight - count indictment also charges 15 of the defendants ( * ) with fraud and related activity in connection with electronic mail and aiding and abetting .
Michael Blaine Faulkner is also charged with one count of obstruction -- threatening a witness or informant ; one count of obstruction - hiding assets ; one count of obstruction -- destruction of evidence ; and one count of false registration of a domain name .
Matthew Norman Simpson is also charged with one count of obstruction -- destruction of evidence and one count of false registration of a domain name .
Logan L. Vig and Milos Vujanic area also each charged with one count of obstruction - destruction of evidence .
The indictment also includes a forfeiture allegation which would require that the defendants , upon conviction , forfeit any proceeds obtained , directly or indirectly , as a result of the offense .
The indictment alleges that from March 2003 through July 2009 , the defendants conspired to defraud various telecommunications companies , including AT&T ; Verizon ; XO Communications ; SMARTnet VOIP ; Waymark Communications ; the lessors of properties at 2020 Live Oak , 2323 Bryan Street and 1950 Stemmons Freeway , in Dallas ; various financial institutions ; leasing companies and creditors , including Wells Fargo , AT&T Capital Services , and the credit reporting agencies ; and various other service providers , such as power companies , insurance companies , air - conditioning companies , web site developers , and others for goods and services amounting to more than $ 15 million .
The indictment further alleges , that as part of the conspiracy , the conspirators made false representations to obtain goods , such as computer and telecommunications equipment and infrastructure , to include racks to hold computer equipment , generators to provide power for the equipment , and office space to install the equipment , as well as services related to the operation and use of computers and telecommunications .
The conspirators created , purchased and used shell companies to hide the true identity of the owners or operators of the companies , or the relationships between the companies .
They also established P.O. Boxes , commercial remailer services , shell offices , apartments , or other physical locations to hide owners ' or operators ' identity or the relationships between the companies .
They assumed multiple fake identities to hide true ownership of the shell companies and made materially false representations to their victims , by mail , fax , telephone , email , or other communications , to obtain goods and services from them .
A series of search warrants were conducted by FBI agents in March and April 2009 at Chastity and Michael Faulkner 's residence in Southlake , and at a Faulkner business , Crydon , located at 1950 Stemmons Freeway in Dallas .
Searches were also conducted at Core IP , located at 2323 Bryant Street in Dallas , and at other related businesses .
An indictment is an accusation by a federal grand jury and a defendant is entitled to the presumption of innocence unless proven guilty .
However , if convicted , the conspiracy charge carries a maximum statutory sentence of 30 years in prison and a $ 1 million fine .
Each of the obstruction charges carries a maximum statutory sentence of 20 years in prison and a $ 250,00 fine .
If a defendant is convicted on a felony and also on false registration of a domain name , the penalty for that felony conviction is doubled , or increased by seven years , whichever is less .
Restitution could be ordered .
U.S. Attorney Jacks praised the investigative efforts of the FBI , as well as the assistance provided by the Texas Workforce Commission , the Texas Secretary of State , the Dallas Police Department , the Southlake Police Department , Dallas Sheriff 's Office , Ellis County Sheriff 's Office , the Duncanville Police Department , the Longview Police Department , the New Orleans Police Department , and the American Registry for Internet Numbers ( ARIN ) .
Assistant U.S. Attorney C.S. Heath is in charge of the prosecution .
The investigation is ongoing .
Massive Cyber Crime Conspiracy Indictment
Personal Injury Attorneys : Choosing a TBI Lawyer
Few of us realize how pervasive the law is in our lives until we get into a dispute with someone else .
Then we are amazed to discover what a tangled web of law there is , and how complex and endless the rules seem .
The threshold question in many situations involving the law is whether you can “ do it yourself ” or whether you need a lawyer to advise you on your rights or handle the matter for you completely .
While many “ minor ” disputes can adequately be handled without need of a lawyer – using Small Claims Court or Alternative Dispute Resolution – if you , a friend , or loved one sustained a catastrophic personal injury such as a traumatic brain injury , there can be no question but that you are in need of the services of a competent lawyer .
More here @ https://no1-lawyer.com/
Unfortunately , we live in a day and time where millions of dollars have been spent persuading the general public ( prospective jurors ) that should an injured victim exercise their fundamental constitutional right by bringing suit , that individual is merely adding to an already “ sue happy ” society .
Nothing could be further from the truth .
Where a lawsuit is not pursued , unless the injured victim is independently wealthy , the taxpaf
yers will bear the brunt of financial responsibility .
Indeed , in catastrophic cases the victim may end up institutionalized unless sufficient funds are secured in order to meet the victim ’s medical and support needs .
Complicating matters further , many victims of traumatic brain injury , especially mild traumatic brain injury , are in a state of denial regarding the profound impact of the injury itself .
While victims of “ mild ” TBI have not sustained the “ catastrophic ” injuries , which may cause an individual to be institutionalized , they have nonetheless sustained injuries which will have a significant impact on their vocational capabilities .
In denial , job after job is lost .
Combining denial with the current disfavor regarding lawsuits may very well prove to be a recipe for disaster for the injured individual .
Only a lawyer can assess the “ legal health ” of the injured victim – by investigating the facts , researching the latest developments in the law , applying his or her legal training and experience , and then advising the victim of his / her alternatives .
A good lawyer can spot the “ jagged rocks ” that may lie below the waters of a seemingly simple dispute and can help the victim plan a course of action to avoid them .
More here @ https://www.attorneys-sa.com/
The sad truth is , however , that all lawyers are not created equal .
It is a very sad fact of traumatic brain injury life that many survivors will not receive adequate recompense for their injury because their lawyer did not have enough experience to know how to analyze , prepare and present a legitimate claim for damages .
Many times , the blame is directly traceable to the attorney who is not forthright in the first place regarding his / her lack of experience handling cases involving traumatic brain injury .
Time after time the inadequate result rests with the attorney who did not understand the seriousness of the injury simply because of its “ invisible ” nature .
Unfortunately , even where an injured victim has overcome denial , and has further overcome the social stigmas associated with bringing a lawsuit , s/he may nonetheless experience further “ hurt ” due to an association with a lawyer having no idea how to properly present claims involving traumatic brain injury .
BEWARE : EDUCATION , TRAINING , AND EXPERIENCE VARIES BETWEEN LAWYERS .
At our Law Group , we represent injured victims on a contingent fee arrangement .
This means that we do not receive any fee or payment unless money is recovered on behalf of the injured person , and then the attorney fee is paid as a percentage of the amount recovered .
[ Contingent Fee ] .
What this means is that you have the absolute ability to hire the most qualified attorney specializing in representing individuals sustaining traumatic brain injury .
Through the use of the Contingent Fee Agreement , and given that there are excellent attorneys around the United States willing to advance the expenses in connection with the prosecution of a TBI case , injured victims have the ability to hire the most qualified attorneys and need not settle for or accept inexperienced attorneys to handle their cases .
Through the contingency fee , you have the ability to hire a qualified attorney in a crucial situation , and you need not pay that attorney unless they successfully perform .
This is a powerful position to be in .
Do not underestimate your position .
After all , the results of your lawsuit will have an important and long - term impact on your quality of life .
Just as you would not rush to purchase any item of consumer goods , nor should you hastily choose a lawyer to represent you .
Our Law Group is committed to handling claims of individuals sustaining traumatic brain injury .
We are committed to spending the time with you and your family members to gain a deep understanding for each and every way the injury has affected your life .
We are committed to spend the necessary time in order you understand your rights in the progress of your case .
Our staff is committed to trying to make your life easier , and we will endeavor to put you in contact with support groups and treating doctors as your case may require .
Given the importance of your choice of counsel , you should be prepared to meaningfully question prospective lawyers in order to ascertain his or her qualifications to handle your case .
For example , you should determine how many TBI cases that lawyer has been involved in as principal attorney during the last three to five years .
You should determine what percentage of the lawyer ’s practice is devoted to cases involving TBI .
You should not hesitate to inquire of the settlements / verdicts obtained by the lawyer on TBI cases .
( This should be done with a recognition that every case is different . )
You want to make sure that the lawyer is current .
In this regard , ask the lawyer how many seminars or conferences s/he has attended over the past several years involving TBI issues .
Review that lawyer ’s website , or ask the lawyer to provide you with any articles written over the past three years involving any aspect of TBI .
You are about to embark on one of the most important decisions of your life , to wit :
The choice of the right lawyer to represent you .
You are armed with a powerful tool , the Contingency Fee Agreement .
This Agreement allows you to retain experienced counsel without having to pay hundreds of dollars per hour up front .
Please , do not make your decision cavalierly .
Ensure that you are comfortable with the counsel of your choice .
Ensure that counsel has the confidence and experience to properly handle your case .
The path is a difficult one , and the choice of counsel can make all the difference in the world .
Look up more on this site @ https://caraccidentattorneysa.com/
Car Accident Lawyers Serving Youngstown , Toledo and Akron
A Personal Injury Law Firm You Can Trust
If you 've been injured in a car accident , and you live in Ohio , you know the name Gervelis .
We 've been part of your community for decades .
You know us , and we know you - and if you 've been hurt in a car accident , you know who to call .
Ohio personal injury attorney Mark S. Gervelis has been named to the Ohio Super Lawyers list for nine years and is a board - certified civil trial attorney .
Attorney David Tschantz has been recognized as a Rising Star Super Lawyer .
Our paralegals , case managers and support staff are friendly and responsive to your questions and needs , if you 've been injured in a car accident .
We take your case seriously because we understand how much your case matters to you .
Your case is about more than just money .
It 's about holding the person or corporation responsible for your car accident accountable for their actions .
From the king of pop to the queen of reality TV , from swine flu to MPs ' expenses , these are among the year 's most - read stories .
There are goodbyes and near - misses , extremes in the weather , and a few light - hearted moments alongside more serious tales .
JANUARY
Two near misses and a certain Time Lord grabbed the headlines in January .
It was new year , new Doctor , as Matt Smith was named as the actor to take over from David Tennant in Doctor Who .
At 27 , he will be the youngest to take on the role when he appears on TV in 2010 .
A pilot ditched an Airbus A320 in the Hudson River after a double bird strike
Attention turned to Manchester United winger Cristiano Ronaldo , who wrote off his Ferrari in a crash near Manchester Airport but walked away unscathed .
Another lucky escape attracted plenty of attention when a pilot crash - landed an airliner in New York 's Hudson River after birds disabled its engines .
All 155 passengers and crew were rescued .
Two technology stories also made headlines this month .
The first told how a Windows " worm " infected millions of computers , and the second revealed plans for broadband to be in every UK home by 2012 .
And the Bank of England cut interest rates to 1.5 % - the lowest level in its 315 - year history .
FEBRUARY
One story dominated the most - read list in February - the UK 's worst snowfall for almost 20 years and ensuing winter chaos .
Road , rail and air transport was badly affected , hundreds of schools were closed and a shortage of road salt created what the AA called " a safety crisis " .
London was covered in 4in ( 10 cm ) of snow - the most recorded in 18 years
Three separate tragic tales provided the focus for the rest of the month .
Terminally ill reality TV star Jade Goody , who had cervical cancer , married her fiance Jack Tweed in Essex .
She died , aged 27 , a month later .
Conservative leader David Cameron's " beautiful " six - year - old son Ivan , who had cerebral palsy and epilepsy , died at a hospital in London .
And nine people were killed and 84 injured when a Turkish Airlines plane crashed on landing at Amsterdam 's Schiphol international airport .
MARCH
March offered little in light relief , until the end of the month at least .
First , gunmen attacked a bus carrying the Sri Lankan cricket team near the Pakistani city of Lahore , killing six police escorts and a driver .
Chelsea and England footballer Ashley Cole was arrested for being drunk and disorderly after swearing at police officers .
Vanessa Redgrave 's daughter was injured during a skiing lesson
A teenage gunman killed 15 people on a rampage at a school in south - west Germany , including nine pupils and three teachers .
Then , actress Natasha Richardson died from head injuries sustained in a skiing accident in Canada .
But the mood was lifted by the most clicked on story of the month , which raised smiles and possibly a few pilots ' eyebrows .
An 18 - year - old secretly painted a 60ft penis on the roof of his parents ' £ 1 m Berkshire mansion .
It was there for a year before they found out .
APRIL
April saw swine flu emerge from Mexico and spread to Britain .
But these were early days .
The number of UK cases was still in single figures and a pandemic imminent , not yet a reality .
The BBC said Balding " had no intention " of upsetting the jockey
Chancellor Alistair Darling 's budget drew widespread attention .
He tore up a New Labour election pledge by unveiling a new tax rate for earnings over £ 150,000 .
Memories of February 's snow faded , as Met Office forecasters predicted a " barbecue summer " for the UK with no repeat of recent washouts .
Almost .
Summer temperatures were warmer than the previous two years , but average rainfall was up 40 % .
It was a month to forget for BBC presenter Clare Balding who apologised to Grand National winning jockey Liam Treadwell for making fun of his teeth on air .
After urging him to show his pearly whites , she told him he could now afford to " get them done " with his prize money .
MAY
The rumblings , uproar and recriminations in Westminster over MPs ' expenses hogged this month 's headlines .
Health minister Phil Hope said he would repay £ 41,709 in second home allowances , then Labour MP Shahid Malik stepped down as justice minister .
The couple met while on reality show I'm a Celebrity ... Get Me Out of Here !
" Appalled " Conservative leader David Cameron , meanwhile , said he would lead senior Tories in repaying " excessive " claims .
But it did not end there .
Under - fire Commons Speaker Michael Martin was next to quit - making him the first in that role to be effectively forced out of office for 300 years .
Away from politics , it was all over for Peter Andre and Katie Price too .
The celebrity couple announced they were separating after three - and - a - half years of marriage .
Then there was the competition to land the " best job in the world " .
Hampshire man Ben Southall beat 34,000 applicants to become the new caretaker of an Australian tropical island .
JUNE
Another month , another round of political stories .
Communities Secretary Hazel Blears quit the cabinet on the eve of two sets of elections , increasing pressure on the prime minister .
The Conservatives triumphed in the English local elections , and two days later , Labour slumped to an historic defeat in the European polls .
Divers recover a large section of the rudder of Flight 447
There was huge interest in the Air France plane which vanished over the Atlantic in a storm carrying 228 people from Brazil to France .
Within a week rescuers were recovering debris and , inevitably , bodies from the ocean .
Then Michael Jackson died .
The 50 - year - old pop legend was pronounced dead at his home in Beverly Hills , Los Angeles , after he stopped breathing .
On a lighter note , the Stig , a mystery driver who tests cars on BBC's Top Gear , was " revealed " as Michael Schumacher - although many feel sure the whole thing was a stunt .
JULY
One of the most popular stories this month concerned a new directory service for people to find mobile phone numbers .
Elsewhere , Michael Jackson 's family and fans said farewell to the superstar at an emotional memorial service .
Jackson 's daughter Paris , 11 , said he was " the best father " imaginable
Liverpool footballer Steven Gerrard was in court on an affray charge after a row over music at a bar in Southport .
Former Wales , Arsenal and Celtic striker John Hartson was in a critical condition after brain surgery following a cancer diagnosis .
Swine flu reared its head again after an estimated 100,000 new cases in a week .
Earlier in the month a GP and a six - year - old girl died after contracting the virus .
Finally , in Scotland , an off - duty police dog handler took a video of what he claimed was a panther - sized big cat on a railway line .
AUGUST
Football got some high - profile coverage in August - for the wrong reasons .
A man was stabbed in the chest during " large - scale trouble " involving hundreds of fans at a West Ham v Millwall match .
Jaycee Lee Dugard disappeared in 1991 , aged 11
West Ham centre - back Calum Davenport 's career was threatened when he was stabbed in the legs at his mother 's home in Bedfordshire .
And a British teenager found dead in Crete was revealed to be the younger brother of Aston Villa and England footballer Luke Young .
Also drawing plenty of attention was the case of a US woman in California found 18 years after she was abducted as a girl in 1991 .
Jaycee Lee Dugard was kept in a " hidden backyard within a backyard " and bore two children by her alleged kidnapper Phillip Garrido .
And finally , the funniest joke of this year 's Edinburgh Fringe , as voted by viewers of TV channel Dave .
Comedian Dan Antopolski won the prize for this one - liner : " Hedgehogs .
Why can't they just share the hedge ? "
Here is the list of gags he beat .
SEPTEMBER
Two celebrity deaths on the same day - celebrity chef Keith Floyd died following a heart attack , and Dirty Dancing actor Patrick Swayze lost his two - year battle against pancreatic cancer .
This gold cap for the end of a sword handle is one of 1,500 items found
Elsewhere , private school teacher Helen Goddard , 26 , was jailed for having sex with a 15 - year - old female pupil .
Sir Terry Wogan announced he was stepping down as presenter of BBC Radio 2's breakfast show .
And Sugababe Keisha Buchanan left the pop group , claiming it was not her decision .
Then there was a story that was pure gold - the UK 's largest haul of Anglo - Saxon treasure discovered by a metal detectorist in Staffordshire .
OCTOBER
Showbiz figures dominated the most - read list in October , led by the sudden death of Boyzone singer Stephen Gately on holiday in Majorca .
Friends , fans and stars paid tribute to the 33 - year - old ahead of a post - mortem examination which found he died of natural causes .
Eight million people watched Mr Griffin 's Question Time appearance
Meanwhile , Little Britain star Matt Lucas pulled out of a West End play after his former partner Kevin McGee was found hanged .
Actress Barbara Windsor announced she was quitting EastEnders .
Meanwhile , BNP leader Nick Griffin said he would complain to the BBC for facing a " lynch mob " on Question Time .
And finally , when it came to relationship age gaps , Somalian man Ahmed Muhamed Dore took some beating .
He claimed he was 112 when he married 17 - year - old Safia Abdulleh .
NOVEMBER
Weather stories led the way as parts of southern England were flooded in the middle of the month , with worse to come .
A week later about 200 people were rescued from the town of Cockermouth as Cumbria was hit by the worst floods in its history .
RAF helicopters airlifted at least 50 to safety .
Dozens of people spent the night in rescue centres in Cumbria
There was disappointment for millions of bank customers hoping to be refunded overdraft charges .
The Supreme Court overturned earlier rulings allowing the Office of Fair Trading to investigate the fairness of charges .
Veteran actor Edward Woodward died at 79 , after suffering pneumonia and various other illnesses .
And there was tragedy in Liverpool when a four - year - old boy was mauled to death by a dog at a family home .
But it was not all doom and gloom - for some at least .
I 'm A Celebrity ... Get Me Out Of Here ! produced two of the month 's popular stories as first ex-Strictly Come Dancing star Camilla Dallerup then model Katie Price quit the show .
DECEMBER
A cold snap , and heavy snow and ice meant travel was thrown into chaos , schools closed and power supplies were cut .
Christmas holiday plans were disrupted as many airports cancelled flights .
Chancellor Alistair Darling 's pre-Budget report was also keenly observed .
He said National Insurance would rise , and announced a bank bonus tax scheme .
The Rage song was originally released in 1992 when it reached number 25
The Italian trial of Amanda Knox and her ex-boyfriend ended with their conviction .
Knox cried as she was jailed for 26 years for the murder and sexual violence of British student Meredith Kercher .
Golfer Tiger Woods ' private life attracted much speculation .
A week after he apologised to his family for letting them down , his mother - in - law was suddenly admitted to hospital while staying at his Florida home .
The most competitive battle in years for the Christmas number one also proved very popular .
Rage Against the Machine 's single , Killing In The Name , beat X Factor winner Joe McElderry 's The Climb after an internet spoiler campaign .
Finally , underwater footage of an octopus surprised scientists when it revealed the creatures carried halved coconut shells with them to use later as shelters .
Our KitchenAid 5qt Artisan Stand Mixer Review
The Best Stand Mixer Ever
Why We Love the Kitchenaid Artisan Stand Mixer
Anyone who loves to bake is just going to fall in love with the KitchenAid Artisan Stand Mixer for a whole lot of reasons – the look – the performance and of course , the price .
This iconic piece of kitchen equipment was introduced in 1919 and was the first stand mixer available .
Since then , it has whipped up countless confections and become an American Classic , beloved for its ’ beauty and functionality .
Here ’s why …
What does it look like ?
It ’s a little piece of heaven in your kitchen .
The fact is , the KitchenAid Artisan 5 - Quart Stand Mixer is gorgeous to look at .
I absolutely love mine .
This is not an item that you will put into a cupboard and forget .
Mine sits out on my kitchen counter even though I do n’t have a lot of space .
Even if you do n’t think you ’ll use it ( which you will ! ) it ’s worth buying just because it looks so fabulous !
And with around 26 colors to choose from , you are spoilt for choice !
You can probably tell already that we really like the Kitchenaid Artisan 5qt Stand Mixer … but then what ’s not to like ?
This is one of those must - haves in the kitchen …at least for those that do a lot of baking .
How big is it ?
The mixer stands 15 inches high and is a foot across .
Do n’t even begin to measure up cupboard space for it .
You ’ll want to use it all the time and when you ’re not using it , you ’ll be gazing happily at it … trust me !
Just clear a prominent area of countertop ( near a power source ) and fall in love .
But apart from wanting to keep it out on the counter to gaze lovingly at it , let ’s be practical for a minute … at over 20 pounds , you really are n’t going to want to be lifting this baby in and out of the kitchen cabinet every time you need to use it .
What can it do ?
This mixer looks sturdy and it is .
It has 325 watts of power so easily creams butter , kneads dough or whips cream .
All you have to do is pour the ingredients into the deep bowl , tilt the top of the machine so that the paddles go into the bowl , turn it on and let it do its ’ stuff .
All of the attachments are strongly built and are easy to insert into the beater shaft with one twist .
What ’s in the Box ?
The Artisan Kitchenaid Stand Mixer comes with three attachments .
There ’s a flat beater for making batter or a much stiffer meatloaf mix…and any texture in between those two .
A wire whip makes short work of fluffing up egg whites , mayonnaise , angel food cake or anything that needs a good airing .
Last but not least , a dough hook will have you making your own delicious bread .
It mixes and kneads the dough for you .
You get the tantalizing smell and wonderful taste of fresh , homemade bread ( and the compliments ! ) without the grunt work !
The mixing bowl
The Artisan comes with a 5 - quart stainless steel mixing bowl .
It has an ergonomic handle which is specially contoured to fit your hand comfortably .
This means that you can lift the bowl easily and safely without painfully straining your wrist , – even when it ’s full of heavy mixture .
Unique and thorough mixing action
As the shaft spins counter clockwise , the beaters spin clockwise .
This moves the beaters to an amazing 67 points of the bowl .
We found that it works extremely well at ensuring all of the ingredients are blended and we did n’t have to keep turning the bowl around or scrape down the sides .
There have been some complaints about the inability of the beaters to reach the entire bowl resulting in the need to constantly scrape down the bowl to ensure that everything is mixed evenly .
However , this can be remedied by simply adjusting a screw under the motor head .
This also works if the flat beater hits the bottom of the bowl .
The manual that comes with your Artisan Stand Mixer provides step - by - step instructions on how to do this .
To remove the bowl from the stand :
Turn off the mixer and unplug it
You may find it easier to remove the mixer attachment that you have been using
Take hold of the handle and place one hand on the side of the bowl opposite the handle and twist the bowl to the left ( counterclockwise )
The bowl can then be removed from the base
How fast do you want to go ?
The Kitchenaid Artisan Stand Mixer offers 10 speeds .
There is a slow stir option , going right up to a very high speed , so you have total control over the mixing process required for your recipe .
The speeds are chosen by the simple movement of a large knob .
Speed Control Guide
Stir – used for stirring , combing , mashing and starting all mixing procedures .
2 – used for slow mixing , mashing , faster stirring .
Used for preparing yeast doughs .
3 – used for mixing and beating semi heavy batters .
6 – used for beating and creaming or whipping .
8 – used for fast beating and whipping cream , egg whites and boiled frostings .
10 – used for fast whipping small amounts of cream or egg whites .
Speeds 3 , 5 , 7 and 9 can be used for finer control .
Clean up ’s a breeze …
The mixer comes with a clear , 2 piece pouring shield which fits snugly around the rim of the mixing bowl to stop ingredients from flying out when the Artisan is hard at work .
A chute makes it easy to add ingredients to the mix without spills .
Because the mixer head tilts right back , it ’s easy to gain access to both the bowl and the beaters .
The mixer head is held securely in place by a locking lever and the bowl locks in place on the base to avoid rocking while mixing , or knocking it over when tilting the head back to insert or remove the beaters .
Is it Dishwasher Safe ?
Yes and no .
The bowl , flat beater and the dough hook can be washed in the dishwasher .
Anything else needs to be hand washed .
Is the KitchenAid Stand Mixer Worth the Price ?
Absolutely .
When you purchase one of these stand mixers you are getting a piece of equipment that has been manufactured to the highest quality .
Your KitchenAid will last for years , I have had mine for quite a few years now and it still performs without a hitch .
There are so many attachments that you can add to make this one of the most versatile mixers on the market .
The color choices are second to none
Optional Attachments
One of the most consumer - friendly aspects of the KitchenAid mixers is that all models have the same hub for attaching accessories .
So , all attachments fit just about all mixers .
Genius !
There are so many different attachments available , here are just some of the ones available so that you get even more use from your mixer …
Pasta Rollers and Cutters
Pasta Press
Ice Cream Maker
Grinder
Grain Mill
Vegetable Slicer & Shredder
Vegetable Spiralizer
Assorted Beaters
Citrus Juicer
Where is the KitchenAid Artisan Stand Mixer Made ?
These mixers are made in the USA at the KitchenAid factory in Greenhill , Ohio
Besides Ohio , they also have manufacturing facilities in South Carolina , Arkansas , Indiana , Tennessee , and Mississipi .
Where Can You Get The Best Price ?
We found that Amazon consistently has the best price .
What more can we say about the Kitchen Aid 5qt Artisan Stand Mixer ?
This is definitely one for the Xmas or Birthday list … if you can wait that long !
Why not check out our top KitchenAid Attachments , you can read about them here
Why medications are far more dangerous than defective vehicles
Fraud and corruption
( Natural News ) Even as Toyota now finds itself the target of an increasingly hyped - up inquisition about " public safety , " skeptical consumers are asking the commonsense question :
If public safety is so important , then why is n't Congress asking about the dangers of Big Pharma 's deadly drugs ?
Toyota 's problems with throttle controls and brakes have n't actually killed anyone as far as we know .
Even if deaths have occurred , their number would be extremely small compared to the number of deaths caused by Big Pharma 's products .
FDA - approved pharmaceuticalsin the United States alone , and that 's according to conservative calculations published in the Journal of the American Medical Association .
That 's equivalent to a jumbo jet airliner falling out of the sky and crashing in a giant ball of flamein the U.S.
If you 're concerned about public safety in the United States , there 's no industry that 's more dangerous than the pharmaceutical industry .
All the automobile manufacturers combined can't even begin to approach the body bag count produced by Big Pharma .
So why is the U.S. Congress and mainstream media all of a sudden so gung - ho to accuse Toyota of compromising public safety while ignoring the far greater threat posed by Big Pharma ?
Because Toyota is an easy , convenient target that can distract people from the far worse dangers that no one dares speak of .
As long as Americans can be distracted into focusing their fear and anger on Toyota , Big Pharma keeps on committing its crimes without being called to task .
And remember : Toyota is a foreign company while the giants of Big Pharma are American companies .
Congress is quick to defend U.S. companies like General Motors and Merck , even if those companies pose a very real danger to public safety Just yesterday , NaturalNews.com published a story about the deliberate cover - up of deaths caused by Avandia , a top diabetes drug made by GlaxoSmithKline .
According to FDA scientists , this drug is linked to 83,000 heart attacks .
The companyabout this increased risk -- and so did the FDA !
Yet both the FDA and GSK conspired to hide this information from the public , says the U.S. Senate committee report ( https://www.naturalnews.com/028233_GlaxoSmith... ) .
As a result of this effort to deliberately mislead the public over the lack of safety for its drug , Avandia remained " FDA approved " and now causes an estimated 500 heart attacks and 300 cases of heart failurein the USA alone .
That 's the body count from just one medication .
Add up the fatalities from all the other thousands of medications sold by the drug industry and you start to get the picture of just how large this threat to public health really is .
in America due to dangerous prescription medications that the FDA knew were dangerous years ago !
For Toyota to even come close to this level of dangerous deception , the company would have to deliberately build high - explosive bombs into its cars that were randomly set off when drivers tapped the brakes .
If 200 cars a day exploded into huge balls of flame on America 's roads , then Toyota might start to approach the level of fatalities caused by Big Pharma 's defective products .
Until that happens , this whole attempt to attack Toyota over its relatively rare problems with throttle control is justdesigned to distract people from the much larger threat to public safety posed by American companies like Merck .
The real difference between Toyota and Big Pharma is thatwhile Big Pharma has no intention to do anything other thanno matter how dangerous they are .
In fact , Big Pharma goes out of its way to actually falsify evidence that attempts to turn dangerous chemicals into " scientifically proven safe drugs . "
It even invents fake diseases and then markets those to the public ( " disease mongering " ) in order to sell more drugs that people do n't even need !
So where 's the outrage against the failed consumer safety practices of Big Pharma ?
Senators Grassley and Baucus seem to be the only U.S. Senators who are doing anything to go after the Big Pharma / FDA conspiracy that kills so many Americans .
On the House side , Congressman Ron Paul gets it , too , but few of his colleagues dare take any action against the all - powerful pharmaceutical industry .
So while Big Pharma 's unsafe consumer products are killing -- which is far more Americans than are dying from war in the Middle East -- Congress stirs up a hornet 's nest of safety accusations against Toyota , a company whose unintentional errors have killed no one ... and a company that has taken responsibility for fixing those errors free of charge .
When was the last time a drug company offered to pay to fix the damage caused by its harmful drugs ?
It was n't too long ago , you may recall , that the drug industry was pressuring the U.S. Supreme Court to grant complete immunity against all liability from all its products !
How 's that for ducking responsibility ?
Even right now , all vaccines are exempted from consumer claims of damage , thanks to laws passed by Congress that protect the vaccine industry .
So while Toyota is stepping up to the plate to take responsibility for fixing its problems , the drug industry repeatedly tries tofor all the pain , suffering and death it has unleashed upon the medication - taking public .
In fact , getting Big Pharma to compensate even a single dollar to the damage it has caused patients normally requires .
While Toyota openly offers to recall and repair all vehicles , the drug companies actively fight any such effort with an army of lawyers !
Sure , Toyota made some engineering or manufacturing mistakes .
But in Toyota 's case , that 's a rare departure from its longstanding core philosophy of quality and safety .
For Big Pharma , ducking responsibility and selling dangerous products is -- it 's the way the drug industry does business every single day : Bribing researchers , falsifying data , overbilling state Medicaid programs , bilking consumers with monopoly pricing , burying negative studies that it does n't want the public to see , paying doctors " consulting fees " to prescribe more of its name - brand drugs , and so on .
This isin the pharmaceutical industry .
Can you imagine the outcry against Toyota if it were discovered the company was bribing the safety testing companies or falsifying safety testing data ?
The public outcry would dominate the headlines for weeks !
Yet when Big Pharma does it , you do n't hear a word .
It 's just business as usual in the criminal pharmaceutical industry , where nobody even expects these companies to act with integrity anymore .
But I say to the press and the U.S. Congress .
That 's where the real crimes are taking place .
That 's where American consumers are being killed by defective products at a rate that makes Toyota 's safety lapses seem downright inconsequential by comparison .
Google has donated US $ 2 m ( AUD $ 2.23 m ) to the Wikimedia Foundation to support Wikipedia and other free knowledge projects .
It was the non-profit foundation 's first grant from Google , despite a long - standing working relationship .
Most recently , the two organisations worked together to translate Wikipedia content into other languages .
The funds will go toward improving Wikipedia and investing in technical infrastructure to support increasing traffic and capacity demands .
Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales said the donation recognised the long - term alignment and friendship between Google and Wikimedia , and a shared goal of " making the Internet better for everyone " .
" Wikipedia is one of the greatest triumphs of the internet , " said Google co-founder Sergey Brin in a statement .
" This vast repository of community - generated content is an invaluable resource to anyone who is online . "
Colm Tóibín is one of the most highly regarded Irish writers of his generation , loved by his readers and admired by his peers , but when it comes to major book prizes he is something of a bridesmaid .
He so often nearly wins them but does n't – until , that is , tonight when he was named winner of the Costa novel of the year award .
It was an achievement all the more notable because Tóibín was up against the literary sensation of last year : Hilary Mantel 's Booker prize - winning tale of Tudor intrigue , Wolf Hall .
" It 's just great but I 'm very surprised , " said Tóibín .
" Wolf Hall was a wonderful book . "
Brooklyn , a sparely written account of a young woman 's emigration from 1950s Ireland to New York , was one of five category winners announced tonight which will now compete for the overall Costa book prize .
Other winners were Christopher Reid in the poetry category for A Scattering ; Graham Farmelo in the biography section for his account of the life of quantum physicist Paul Dirac ; Patrick Ness , the children 's book award for The Ask and the Answer ; and Raphael Selbourne , the first novel award for Beauty .
Tóibín was on the Booker longlist but to widespread surprise was not shortlisted .
Previously , The Master was just pipped to the Booker by The Line of Beauty in 2004 while The Blackwater Lightship was shortlisted in 1999 , the year JM Coetzee won for Disgrace .
Tóibín also has form in the Costas – or Whitbreads as they were formerly known – with a shortlisting in 1990 for his first novel , The South .
Tóibín said he was delighted to win and that book awards did matter .
" It does make a great difference to what publishers call sales and what I call readers . "
He described Brooklyn as quite low key , about somebody very ordinary and not a book that would be considered as an automatic prize winner .
Brooklyn was straight away installed by William Hill as 6 - 4 favourite for the overall prize – odds too short for Tóibín .
" I won quite a lot of money when I bet on Hilary Mantel when she was 12 - 1 for the Booker .
I do n't think I 'll be betting on me , " he said .
The novelist made headlines last year when he suggested in an interview that he did not really enjoy writing and the best thing about it was the money .
There was , though , probably a twinkle in his eye .
Asked yesterday if he enjoyed writing he said : " Look I 'm working at the moment and it has been a great Christmas and everybody has been out drinking and I 've been locked in here since December 27 with these characters and sentences trying to get out .
So , no .
I want to finish this book . "
Second favourite , at 3 - 1 , for the overall prize is a debut biography by Farmelo – a five - year labour of love telling the story of one of the least - known yet most important scientists of the last century .
" It is absolutely appalling that most people in this country have not heard of the name Paul Dirac , " said Farmelo .
" He was the greatest scientist Britain produced in the 20th century . "
Part of the reason for the lack of knowledge is that Dirac loathed publicity .
Farmelo gained access to a previously unmined family archive in Florida hopes the book will bring the genius of Dirac – and his importance to science – to a wider public .
" He was a publicly educated boy from a Bristol terrace and what he achieved was immense .
He conceived half the universe in his head , he conceived antimatter . "
The winner of the first novel award , Selbourne 's Beauty , is the story of a young Bangladeshi woman on the run from her family .
" I 'm very pleased .
It 's great to be recognised and of course it 's invaluable in terms of getting the book out there and being seen by people . "
Like most novelists Selbourne has had a range of jobs over the years , including as a scooter salesman , but all have been attempts to get out of teaching , he said .
It was while teaching in Italy that Selbourne made the arguably unusual decision to move to Wolverhampton , attracted by a job teaching unemployed adults with basic skills needs .
The city , he said , gets a bad press .
" The people for one thing are incredibly friendly .
I 'm from Oxford so I 'm a southerner used to unfriendly people .
I find Wolverhampton very stimulating . "
For Reid , winning the poetry award is third time lucky – he has been nominated twice before .
His winning collection is a tribute to his wife , who died in 2005 .
The 6 - 1 outsider for the overall award is Ness for the second book in his trilogy Chaos Walking , which the judges called " a major achievement in the making . "
A judging panel chaired by novelist Josephine Hart – including Marie Helvin , Caroline Quentin , Dervla Kirwan , Gary Kemp and Tom Bradby – will now decide the overall winner from the all - male list and announce it on 26 January .
Blog
This here is 12 years worth of molds for wax injections of all the Enchanted Doll metal “ clothes ” , shoes , crowns , and accessories .
I ’m gradually losing all the light pink ones to shelf life expiration and in the next couple of years I expect them to turn into a pile of sticky goo .
I ’m retiring many of them today , and this is a bittersweet day of mourning and renewal .
Ca n’t hold on to the past ; need to keep learning and evolving .
This entry was posted on Wednesday , August 5th , 2020 at 3:38 am
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
Constructed in 3 parts , cast in Sterling Silver and hinged to fully wrap around the torso .
The corset was assembled from wax impressions taken from actual coral branches .
This entry was posted on Wednesday , August 5th , 2020 at 3:35 am
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
This one of a kind porcelain doll will be available for sale this summer .
Get in touch with me if interested .
This entry was posted on Wednesday , August 5th , 2020 at 3:33 am
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
This porcelain doll will be available for sale in July .
She ’s wearing a sterling silver corset and a silk cape with a silver clasp .
Get in touch with me if you ’re interested .
This entry was posted on Wednesday , August 5th , 2020 at 3:32 am
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
The making of the coral fan crown in Sterling Silver for Sirena via the lost wax casting method .
First I made rubber molds of coral branches , then I took wax impressions from those molds and cut and fused together the coral parts into various combinations .
Assembled into a fan crown , crossed my fingers , and hoped that it would turn out in metal .
And it did !
This entry was posted on Wednesday , August 5th , 2020 at 3:25 am
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
New costumed porcelain doll available for sale in July .
Get in touch with me by email if you ’re interested ( address in bio ) .
I tried some new things with this doll , one of which was submerging her in salt water for this photoshoot .
I got more awesome photos coming from the depths . .
Sirena is wearing a one - of - a - kind sterling silver coral fan crown , sterling silver coral corset , and a sheer silk cape with sterling silver coral clasps .
The costume is made from impressions of actual coral .
This entry was posted on Wednesday , August 5th , 2020 at 3:16 am
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
Netflix and molds .
This is the last stage of my new costumed doll that I ’ve been working on for the past two months since quarantine began .
I ’m injecting modular components of her costume for lost wax casting while binge watching Ripper Street .
I love problem solving to a backdrop of crime solving ( already burned through Murdoch Mysteries TWICE ! )
This entry was posted on Wednesday , August 5th , 2020 at 3:13 am
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
The Favourite has seen many dolls made and sold , but she remains with me .
I never realized I had one until I spent 60 days in isolation with mostly dolls for company .
That ’s a recipe for madness .
This entry was posted on Wednesday , August 5th , 2020 at 3:12 am
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
The fitting of the coral crown for the porcelain Sirena .
This entry was posted on Wednesday , August 5th , 2020 at 3:07 am
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
A crown for Sirena .
I think the news cycle is infecting my creative process .
I wanted to freestyle a fun project to distract myself from the Corona virus , and I just realized what I made .
Ca n’t escape from my thoughts .
PodSixNet - lightweight multiplayer networking library for Python games
PodSixNet is a lightweight network layer designed to make it easy to write multiplayer games in Python .
It uses Python 's built in asyncore library and rencode .py ( included ) to asynchronously serialise network events and arbitrary data structures , and deliver them to your high level classes through simple callback methods .
Each class within your game client which wants to receive network events , subclasses the ConnectionListener class and then implements Network_ * methods to catch specific user - defined events from the server .
You do n't have to wait for buffers to fill , or check sockets for waiting data or anything like that , just do connection .
Pump ( ) once per game loop and the library will handle everything else for you , passing off events to all classes that are listening .
Sending data back to the server is just as easy , using connection .
Send ( mydata ) .
Likewise on the server side , events are propagated to Network_ * method callbacks and data is sent back to clients with the client .
Send ( mydata ) method .
The PodSixNet mailing list is good for getting help from other users .
For users of the Construct game making environment for Windows , there is a tutorial on doing multiplayer networking with PodSixNet , here .
Thanks to Dave Chabo for contributing this tutorial .
Here is another tutorial by Julian Meyer .
Install
pip install PodSixNet
or
easy_install PodSixNet
From source
First make sure you have Python 2.4 or greater installed ( python 3 also works ) .
Next you 'll want to get the PodSixNet source .
The module is found inside a subdirectory called PodSixNet within the top level folder .
There 's an __init__.py inside there , so you can just copy or symlink the PodSixNet sub - directory into your own project and then do import PodSixNet , or else you can run sudo python setup.py install to install PodSixNet into your Python path .
Use sudo python setup.py develop if you want to stay up to date with the cutting edge and still be able to svn / bzr up every now and then .
By default PodSixNet uses a binary encoder to transfer data over the network , but it can optionally use the JSON format or other formats supported by a serialiser which has ' dumps ' and ' loads ' methods .
If you want to serialise your data using JSON you can change the first line of Channel.py to ' from simplejson import dumps , loads ' or use the built - in json library in Python 2.6 or higher .
This will allow you to write game clients in languages that can't read the ' rencode ' binary format , such as Javascript .
Examples
Chat example :
python examples / ChatServer.py
and a couple of instances of python examples / ChatClient.py
Whiteboard example :
python examples / WhiteboardServer.py
and a couple of instances of python examples / WhiteboardClient.py
LagTime example ( measures round - trip time from the server to the client ) :
python examples / LagTimeServer.py
and a couple of instances of python examples / LagTimeClient.py
Quick start - Server
You will need to subclass two classes in order to make your own server .
Each time a client connects , a new Channel based class will be created , so you should subclass Channel to make your own server - representation - of - a - client class like this :
from PodSixNet .
Channel import Channel class ClientChannel ( Channel ) : def Network ( self , data ) : print data def Network_myaction ( self , data ) : print " myaction : " , data
Whenever the client does connection .
Send ( mydata ) , the Network ( ) method will be called .
The method Network_myaction ( ) will only be called if your data has a key called ' action ' with a value of " myaction " .
In other words if it looks something like this :
data = { " action " : " myaction " , " blah " : 123 , ... }
Next you need to subclass the Server class like this :
from PodSixNet .
Server import Server class MyServer ( Server ) : channelClass = ClientChannel def Connected ( self , channel , addr ) : print ' new connection : ' , channel
Set channelClass to the channel class that you created above .
The method Connected ( ) will be called whenever a new client connects to your server .
See the example servers for an idea of what you might do each time a client connects .
You need to call Server . Pump ( ) every now and then , probably once per game loop .
For example :
myserver = MyServer ( ) while True : myserver .
Pump ( ) sleep ( 0.0001 )
When you want to send data to a specific client / channel , use the Send method of the Channel class :
channel .
Send ( { " action " : " hello " , " message " : " hello client ! " })
Quick start - Client
To have a client connect to your new server , you should use the Connection module .
See pydoc Connection for more details , but here 's a summary :
Connection .connection is a singleton Channel which connects to the server .
You 'll only have one of these in your game code , and you 'll use it to connect to the server and send messages to the server .
from PodSixNet .
Connection import connection # connect to the server - optionally pass hostname and port like : ( " mccormick.cx " , 31425 ) connection .
Connect ( ) connection .
Send ( { " action " : " myaction " , " blah " : 123 , " things " : [ 3 , 4 , 3 , 4 , 7 ]} )
You 'll also need to put the following code once somewhere in your game loop :
connection . Pump ()
Any time you have an object in your game which you want to receive messages from the server , subclass ConnectionListener .
For example :
from PodSixNet .
Connection import ConnectionListener class MyNetworkListener ( ConnectionListener ) : def Network ( self , data ) : print ' network data : ' , data def Network_connected ( self , data ) : print " connected to the server " def Network_error ( self , data ) : print " error : " , data [ ' error ' ] [ 1 ] def Network_disconnected ( self , data ) : print " disconnected from the server " def Network_myaction ( data ) : print " myaction : " , data
Just like in the server case , the network events are received by Network_ * callback methods , where you should replace '*' with the value in the ' action ' key you want to catch .
You can implement as many or as few of the above as you like .
For example , NetworkGUI would probably only want to listen for the _connected , _disconnected , and _error network events .
The data for _error always comes in the form of network exceptions , like ( 111 , ' Connection refused ' ) - these are passed straight from the socket layer and are standard socket errors .
Another class might implement custom methods like Network_myaction ( ) , which will receive any data that gets sent from the server with an ' action ' key that has the name ' myaction ' .
For example , the server might send a message with the number of players currently connected like so :
channel .
Send ( { " action " : " numplayers " , " players " : 10 } )
And the listener would look like this :
from PodSixNet .
Connection import ConnectionListener class MyPlayerListener ( ConnectionListener ) : def Network_numplayers ( data ) : # update gui element displaying the number of currently connected players print data [ ' players ' ]
You can subclass ConnectionListener as many times as you like in your application , and every class you make which subclasses it will receive the network events via named Network callbacks .
You should call the Pump ( ) method on each object you instantiate once per game loop :
gui = MyPlayerListener ( ) while 1 : connection .
Pump ( ) gui .
Pump ()
License
Copyright Chris McCormick , 2009 - 2015 .
PodSixNet is licensed under the terms of the LGPL v3.0 or higher .
See the file called COPYING for details .
This basically means that you can use it in most types of projects ( commercial or otherwise ) , but if you make changes to the PodSixNet code you must make the modified code available with the distribution of your software .
Hopefully you 'll tell us about it so we can incorporate your changes .
I am not a lawyer , so please read the license carefully to understand your rights with respect to this code .
Why not use Twisted instead ?
Twisted is a fantastic library for writing robust network code .
I have used it in several projects in the past , and it was quite nice to work with .
That said , Twisted :
wants to steal the mainloop
is bloated not KISS ( it implements many many different protocols )
has a weird template launching language when Python should do just fine
is not written 100 % for the specfic use - case of multiplayer games
These are some of the reasons why I decided to write a library that is lightweight , has no dependencies except Python , and is dedicated 100 % to the task of multiplayer game networking .
Some say that Mr Zapatero bears an uncanny resemblance ....
Visitors to Spain 's EU presidency website have been greeted by an image of hapless fictional character Mr Bean instead of Spain 's Socialist leader .
An unidentified hacker briefly hijacked the site on Monday , replacing Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero with that of a bumbling comedy buffoon .
In Spain , the similarity between Mr Zapatero and the Mr Bean actor Rowan Atkinson , is a long - standing joke .
The government said the site itself , www.eu2010.es, had not been attacked .
... to Mr Bean
In a statement , it said that a hacker had taken a screenshot of the homepage to make a photo montage .
" The alleged attack exploited a vulnerability called cross - site scripting , " it said .
For most visitors , this meant that a smiling Mr Bean replaced Mr Zapatero , complete with a benign smile and the words " Hi there " .
In a recent edition of El Pais , Mr Zapatero was depicted as Mr Bean in a cartoon above an article that was highly critical of his handling of the economy in Spain , where unemployment has reached almost 20 % .
It ’s time for us to take off the Rose colored glasses and determine what our real priorities are .
If we do n’t , what type of future will our children and grandchildren inherit from us ?
How to enable MPX on X11R7.5
Starting with X11R7.5 , Xorg includes support for Multi-Pointer X .
This allows the user to use multiple input devices simultaneously .
Since there is a lack of easy - to - find documentation on the subject , I put together this little tutorial .
Let 's say you 're a laptop user , like me , and you want to have separate mouse pointers for your mouse and your touchpad .
First , run xinput list .
You will see something like this :
$ xinput list ⎡ Virtual core pointer id =2 [ master pointer ( 3 ) ] ⎜ ↳ Virtual core XTEST pointer id =4 [ slave pointer ( 2 ) ] ⎜ ↳ Touchpad id=6 [ slave pointer ( 2 ) ] ⎜ ↳ Mouse1 id =7 [ slave pointer ( 2 ) ] ⎜ ↳ Mouse1 id=9 [ slave pointer ( 2 ) ] ⎣
Virtual core keyboard id=3 [ master keyboard ( 2 ) ] ↳ Virtual core XTEST keyboard id=5 [ slave keyboard ( 3 ) ] ↳ Keyboard0 id=8 [ slave keyboard ( 3 ) ] ↳ Keyboard0 id=10 [ slave keyboard ( 3 ) ]
As you see above , both the mouse and the touchpad are slaves of the Virtual core pointer .
Lets create a new master , and put the touchpad there .
$ xinput create - master New
This should make a pointer appear on the screen .
However , no device is attached to it yet .
Run xinput list and look at the output :
$ xinput list ⎡ Virtual core pointer id =2 [ master pointer ( 3 ) ] ⎜ ↳ Virtual core XTEST pointer id =4 [ slave pointer ( 2 ) ] ⎜ ↳ Touchpad id=6 [ slave pointer ( 2 ) ] ⎜ ↳ Mouse1 id =7 [ slave pointer ( 2 ) ] ⎜ ↳ Mouse1 id=9 [ slave pointer ( 2 ) ] ⎣
Virtual core keyboard id=3 [ master keyboard ( 2 ) ] ↳ Virtual core XTEST keyboard id=5 [ slave keyboard ( 3 ) ] ↳ Keyboard0 id=8 [ slave keyboard ( 3 ) ] ↳ Keyboard0 id=10 [ slave keyboard ( 3 ) ] ⎡
New pointer id =11 [ master pointer ( 12 ) ] ⎜ ↳ New XTEST pointer id=13 [ slave pointer ( 11 ) ] ⎣
New keyboard id =12 [ master keyboard ( 11 ) ] ↳
New XTEST keyboard
Now , you need to move the Touchpad to the new master .
As you see above , Touchpad 's id is 6 .
You want it do be moved from Virtual core pointer to New pointer , whose id is 11 :
$ xinput reattach 6 11
Congratulations , now both your mouse and touchpad should have its own pointer !
Reverting back
As of the time of this writing , practically nothing works with MPX flawlessly , and you will probably encounter some annoying glitches especially if compositing is enabled .
Once you 're done playing with it , you probably want to revert back to " normal " without restarting X . Doing that is easy - you just have to reattach the device back to the Virtual core pointer and remove the master you created :
$ xinput reattach 6 2 $ xinput remove - master 11
There are so many blonde women on the Fox News Channel that I ploughed through the channel 's website to get the exact number .
Thirty - five .
It means that of the 53 women who appear regularly on air for Fox , an unnaturally large proportion - two - thirds - are blonde or near - blonde .
Even the non-blondes on Fox News are unmistakably Fox News , because almost all come with the same chiselled chin-lines , big hair , radioactive lip gloss and glowing conservatism .
Fox News , the most profitable , most copied , most opinionated major news network in the world , has reinvented TV news by becoming Foxy News .
Michael Mucci illustration Credit : Michael Mucci
But this column is not about blondes , lip gloss or even glamour .
It begins with the superficial because the superficial is important in this story , which is about the exercise of power .
It is about the obliteration of the old lines - you could say the Botoxing - between news and opinion , objectivity and partisanship , celebrity and journalism , honesty and horse manure .
The narrative begins a year ago , January 20 , 2009 , the day Senator Barack Obama was inaugurated as President of the United States .
On Wednesday , he celebrates his first anniversary as President .
It will be a hard day .
Fox News will attempt to make it harder .
1 2 3 4 5 next »
Cheap cracks
Karsten Nohl
Of dictionaries and rainbows
Modern cryptological attacks can crack mobile phone calls , as well as debit and credit card systems , in seconds .
The trick is to find a practical compromise between computing time and memory space with the help of precomputed tables .
Probably no algorithm is immune to such an approach , but special techniques can thwart such attacks .
The security of any form of encryption is based on a secret key known only to the parties legitimately involved in the communications process .
However , progress in cryptanalysis is putting pressure on cryptographic algorithms , and attacking techniques now being used are often able to discover the key .
Even algorithms for which no special attack methods have been devised , may be vulnerable with some degree of probability .
The simplest possible attack , which can be used against any encryption algorithm , is to try all the possible keys – after all one of them is bound to work , yielding the original text in clear .
Most encryption systems use very long keys in order to make these “ brute force ” attacks as time - consuming as possible .
There are four billion 32 - bit keys , but checking all of them takes just minutes on a PC .
An attack can take a month if 48 - bit keys are used , while 64 - bit keys can bump up the time required to thousands of years .
Even COPACOBANA ( sic ) , the expensive special - purpose hardware at the Ruhr University in Bochum , needs about a year to crack a 64 - bit key , which means that a brute force attack is more or less hopeless if keys contain 64 or more bits .
The 120 FPGAs of COPACOBANA , the special - purpose hardware at the Ruhr University in Bochum , make short shrift of cryptographic keys containing fewer than 64 bits .
The level of security is calculated a little differently for asymmetrical encryption methods such as RSA ( named for its inventors , Rivest , Shamir and Adleman ) .
The RSA cipher can use only a subset of all possible values for a key of a given length , due to the nature of the mathematical problem on which it is based .
This explains why an RSA key made up of 1024 bits , for example , is only as secure as an 80 - bit key in a symmetrical process .
Depending on the method of encryption , there are other basic methods of attack that can discover a secret key much more quickly than a brute - force approach .
Although they need less computing time , they require some preparation that makes heavy demands on computing power or memory .
One such preparatory method is to create a dictionary for a specific message that assigns the key used to every possible value of the encrypted message .
The dictionary is stored on the hard disk as a list of keys , whose index represents the encrypted value .
In order to find the secret key , the attacker now need only induce the system concerned to encrypt the message that fits the list .
He can then use the result as a list index .
The one - off generation of the dictionary , however , requires about the same amount of computing time as a brute - force attack , so it only makes sense if the effort is likely to be repaid during a large number of attacks .
A dictionary of this kind also gobbles up enormous amounts of memory – 1536 terabytes for a 48 - bit key , for example .
For a 64 - bit key , more memory would be required than is currently available to all humankind .
In the case of long keys , therefore , the heavy memory requirement makes a dictionary attack even less practical than a brute - force approach .
Next : Wrapped up in chains
1 2 3 4 5 next »
Print Version | Permalink : http://h-online.com/-746217
Federal agents are now investigating reports of eight threatening letters with a white substance in five Alabama cities this morning , FBI officials confirmed .
At least one contained an artificial sweetener , an FBI official said .
Angela Tobon , media spokeswoman for the Mobile FBI , said the letters were all mailed to federal offices and " are all the same ... white powder with threatening letters , " she said .
None of the letters have tested positive for anthrax , Tobon said .
Dr. Don Williamson , Alabama state health officer , said that the public health laboratory had been notified that it would be receiving samples today from around the state .
As for the sample from Birmingham on Sunday , he said " we know that it 's not anthrax .
We know it 's not a biological agent and we know it 's not ricin . "
" At this point it does not appear to be a toxic substance ... based on the one letter we got out of Birmingham , " Williamson said .
Exactly what the white powder in the Birmingham letter was , however , still is n't known , Williamson said .
" We hope to know by tomorrow exactly what it is , " he said .
Williamson said the state lab got hundreds , if not thousands of samples , to test for anthrax after people died during a nationwide anthrax scare in 2003 .
But he said a non-agricultural sample has never tested positive in Alabama .
Williamson said the state lab from time to time has gotten threatening letters to test with powdery substances but he can't remember a situation where they received eight in one day .
Few other details about the letters were available from authorities .
One letter was sent to Rep . Jo Bonner 's office in in Mobile , and one to his office in Foley , Tobon said .
Single letters were sent to the offices of Rep. Mike Rogers and U.S. Sens. Jeff Sessions and Richard Shelby in Montgomery .
And one letter was sent to the federal courthouse in Anniston .
Another letter also was later reported having also been received in Anniston , an FBI official said .
An official with Rogers ' office said that the representative 's office in Anniston had re-opened this afternoon .
Stephen Boyd , spokesman for Sen. Sessions , said U.S. Capitol Police asked them to withhold comment pending investigation of the letters .
A spokesman for Sen . Shelby referred comment to the FBI .
One letter was received at Birmingham federal offices on Sunday at the Robert S. Vance Federal Building in downtown Birmingham , said Paul Daymond , public affairs specialist with the FBI in Birmingham .
Daymond said the FBI 's Joint Terrorist Task Force is investigating the Alabama letters .
Earlier reports from an FBI official in Mobile had indicated possibly two letters were received in Birmingham , but it was only one , the FBI has now confirmed .
Daymond said this afternoon that the powder in one envelope in Anniston tested negative for anthrax .
" It was some type of artificial sweetener , " he said .
Daymond later reported a second letter was received in Anniston .
The substance at the Vance federal building at first tested positive for anthrax at the scene , but later was determined not to be the sometimes deadly material .
The on - scene tests are reliable when the results are negative , but are unreliable when a test is positive , health officials said .
A reward of up to $ 100,000 was announced today by the U.S. Postal Inspection Service for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the person or persons responsible for the letters .
News Staff Writer Robert K. Gordon contributed to this report .
Latest update : 3 pm. with update on Rogers office
Hi folks .
I 'm not dead , if you were wondering ( and I 'm pretty sure you were n't ) .
The economy has me running around like a chicken with my head cut off - plus , I 'm also editing another SBNation blog now , so between that and work I have n't been able to give OdinMercer the help I promised him a while back .
Sorry , Odie .
But I 'm back , and I 've got a bone to pick with this fair city of mine .
I 've lived on and off in Phoenix since 1978 .
I started out in Scottsdale , and then in 2003 I moved out to Peoria .
In between , I went to college out of state and worked in Boston for a couple of years .
I 've also lived in Mexico and have visited several European countries .
So when I talk about the unique quality of Phoenix - based sports fans , I think I have enough time logged in the Valley and enough exposure to other types of fan to make comparisons .
Over the summer , when the Coyotes were deep in the throes of the bitter bankruptcy and attempted hijacking by Jim Balsillie , I spent a lot of time on other sites ( most vocally over at James Mirtle 's From The Rink ) defending the Coyotes ' fans and the Phoenix market in general , trying to combat the extremely widespread idea that Phoenix simply will never work as an NHL market .
My main argument , put succinctly , was that with a nearly decade - long history of absolute suckage and a relocation to a new city in the Phoenix metro area , it was ludicrous to expect Phoenix to come out and sell out the Jobing.com Arena the way that cities in Canada allegedly do for bottom - muncher teams .
Because Phoenix is not a " traditional " hockey town , it required time and at least a basic level of success and competence to build up the kind of passionate crowds now enjoyed by places like Chicago , Pittsburgh and Washington - previously slumping franchises that got over their suckage and started filling back up their arenas as a result .
I would tell the critics , " Give us a couple of seasons with a competent coach , a General Manager that knows what he 's doing , and a consistent team that can win hockey games and is capable of making the playoffs ... and then if we still can't sell out , maybe the Coyotes just do n't belong in Phoenix . "
I did n't think that was too much to ask , to be honest .
We have n't had a combination of any of those elements for ... well , for longer than I 've had season tickets , and I 've been a season ticket holder for six years .
Well , here we are now , just over halfway through the 2009 - 2010 NHL season .
The Coyotes are fourth in the West as of this writing , sixth out of 30 teams in the NHL , and playing great hockey overall .
There is a head coach who knows what he 's doing and can motivate his players .
There is a GM that has pulled off some absolutely unbelievable moves ( Upshall for Carcillo and a 2nd , anyone ? ) and is one of hockey 's least - recognized brilliant minds .
And although the Coyotes do not have a single superstar player on the roster , they are playing disciplined games and still ( knock on wood ) have not lost more than two games in a row in regulation all season .
In other words , we have n't made the playoffs yet , but we certainly have everything else I was looking for .
You'd think that this would make me thrilled for the future , knowing that we have almost all the pieces for a potentially great franchise ... that finally there is light at the end of the tunnel .
Instead , I 'm scared to death .
Why ?
Because Phoenix still is n't supporting this team .
It 's not just the local media , although they have n't moved one iota off of their traditional " Hockey ?
Who gives a crap ? " talking points ( although we seem to have converted folks like Sarah McLellan to our cause ) .
You can only blame them so much .
No , the problem is a much bigger one .
With lowered prices and better play , the Coyotes are drawing more hockey fans to their games ... but not very many of them are Coyotes fans .
Phoenix is a city of transplants , and what I 've noticed lately is that a lot of Phoenix - resident fans only show up to hockey games if their favorite hockey team from their former hometowns is in Glendale to play the Coyotes .
Then they come out of the woodwork - whether it's the blue - and - yellow painted hooligans yelling " Let 's Go Buff - A - Lo ! " or " wicked pissah " beer - sotted Bruins fans or Red Wings fans with Yzerman jerseys on , they come in droves .
There 's nothing inherently wrong with this - after all , the Coyotes have only been in Phoenix just over a decade , so it 's not like they 've had time to build the generational following that most of these other teams have built .
What worries me is that these hockey fans only go to the one or two or three games a season where their " out - of - town favorites " show up , but they stay home the rest of the time .
They have no interest in cheering for or supporting their local hockey team .
Therefore , while there are artificial boosts in attendance for the games where they show up , there is no " pack mentality " to motivate them to come to other Coyotes games during the year .
What is left over when teams without the rabid local transplant following come to play is sobering .
There is a core of die - hard fans , to be sure - I 'm certainly one of them - but the rest of the 6,000 or so folks who show up act as if they are attending a seminar on local littering ordinances .
There is a curiously dead vibe in the air at most games , and I can't figure out why .
Are these people afraid to invest emotionally in the team because they 've been burned so often in the past by the promise - and then the spectacular flameouts - of Gretzky - led teams ?
Or have years of being baked in the hot Arizona summers slow - cooked the enthusiasm clean out of their bodies ?
It seems to me that the Coyotes ' biggest challenge at this point is building up a base of Coyotes fans - not hockey fans .
Hockey has proven to be quite popular among Phoenix sports fans , no matter what the critics north of the border will tell you .
But when the majority of hockey fans in the Valley are those with allegiances to other teams , well ... that simply is not a promising situation .
Which brings me back to my sense of dread .
With the Coyotes playing so well , the team should be building a base of Coyotes fans .
And they do n't seem to be doing that .
There are excuses to be had everywhere - not enough local press , not enough of an ad budget , etc. etc. etc. - but having spent all summer saying that the most critical element for building a following is performance on the ice , I am starting to get very nervous .
I know that if the team makes the playoffs , the Job will sell out every game .
But after the playoffs are over , what will the story be during the regular season ?
I do n't want the Coyotes to leave Phoenix .
But I also know that the team can't survive with a playoff - only fanbase .
I desperately hope I am wrong in fearing that that may be all that Phoenix will offer this franchise .
A friend of mine told me that one of the Sabres fans in attendance a few games ago asked her , " How does it feel to be outnumbered in your own building ? "
I 'll tell you how it feels - not good .
My fellow die - hards will probably get on my case for my pessimism , and maybe they have a point .
We still do n't have an owner yet and in fairness to the team they have n't had enough time for their success to sink in in a town so used to years ' worth of failure .
They will tell me that I 'm borrowing trouble needlessly .
I hope they 're right .
I hope that sometime soon this aggravating stumbling block will be removed and Phoenix fans will open their hearts for their home team instead of just for their favorite team .
But when I go to hockey games with golf - clapping zombies who can't even be bothered to cheer aloud for their team , it makes me wonder whether Phoenix will have survived the Balsillie hijacking only to lose the team anyway to apathy .
The statements would have raised few eyebrows among those in the glittering auditorium - they outline some of the basic beliefs of the church .
But in 2008 the film leaked onto YouTube and Cruise was widely ridiculed , not only for the content of his speech , but for his wild - eyed delivery and for the odd bursts of laughter that punctuated it .
The notoriously litigious church responded typically , threatening to sue , and YouTube removed the clip .
The incident outraged the fiercely pro-freedom of speech online community and Anonymous was quickly formed - a loose , leaderless movement dedicated to attacking Scientology .
Within days of its creation in January 2008 hundreds of protests had been staged in front of church buildings around the world .
Among the first were those in Sydney , Melbourne and Adelaide .
Many Scientologists suddenly discovered there was a widespread opposition to the church for the first time .
One was Sydneysider Kevin Mackey .
'' I began researching online .
A lot of what Anonymous said was wrong , they mixed up fact and rumour , but it was enough to get me looking .
'' I went home and read and read and read . ''
Within two weeks Mackey had decided he would never enter a Scientology building again .
He knows he will never see the $ 1.1 million he says he and his wife spent and donated .
Mackey is one of the complainants the independent senator Nick Xenophon referred to when he made a damning speech attacking the church in Federal Parliament last November .
'' Scientology is not a religious organisation .
It is a criminal organisation that hides behind its so - called religious beliefs , '' he told Parliament .
He catalogued the allegations made by Mackey and his friends , including that the church committed fraud , that it was party to perjury and forced labour , that it broke priest - penitent privilege to manipulate members and that it pressured employees to have abortions .
The church 's Australian president , Vicki Dunstan , denies the allegations , describing the complainants , including Mackey , as disgruntled apostates , bent on damaging the church .
She believes the church is under constant attack by Anonymous , which she described as a misinformed '' hate group ' ' dedicated to total freedom of speech .
Raphael Aron , who heads Cult Counselling Australia , told The Age he believed Xenophon 's speech had dealt the Australian church '' a mortal blow - the most serious since their beginning in Australia ' ' .
This progression from online criticism to defection is common around the world , says Stephen Kent , a professor of sociology at the University of Alberta in Canada and a leading expert on Scientology .
'' Scientology is based upon a growth model , '' he told the Herald .
'' Its policy is to reward upstats [ increases in membership and revenue ] and punish downstats .
'' So in a period where the internet is filled with hostile information , in the context of a global economic downturn and probably with declining membership , the likelihood is great that the organisation is experiencing severe financial pressure . ''
It is impossible to accurately gauge the church 's membership .
Dunstan says there were about 250,000 members in the Australasian region .
The most recent Australian census reveals only 2513 identified themselves as Scientologists .
With an official presence in at least 30 countries , the church claims it has 10 million members worldwide , but Kent believes the true figure could be less than a tenth of that number .
An American church official , Tracie Morrow , who is visiting Australia at the moment , denied it had suffered any decline , saying that in the past five years it had expanded more than ever before , but she was unable to offer any figures .
In August last year Scientology 's most senior Norwegian member , Geir Isene , very publicly defected .
He published online a paper condemning current church management .
He called the church 's global building campaign , known as the Ideal Org crusade , a ' ' scam ' ' designed to '' add to the value of its assets by pressuring its public for money ' ' .
To put his defection into context , Isene had reached Scientology 's highest level , Operating Thetan VIII .
When Cruise won his medal he was OTVII .
The church 's founder , Ron L. Hubbard , had estimated Gandhi and Jesus Christ to have been somewhere below OTI .
A string of high - profile defections followed in the United States , including the multi-Oscar winning writer and director Paul Haggis , who wrote to the church 's chief spokesman , Tommy Davis , and accused him of lying by claiming the church had no policy of '' disconnection ' ' or banning certain members from contacting family members or friends outside the church .
Haggis 's wife had been forced to disconnect her parents , he wrote .
The letter was leaked .
Then the St Petersburg Times in Florida wrote a damning series of stories about the church using the testimony of the most senior of its defectors - former second - in - command Marty Rathbun and former spokesman Mike Rinder .
In France the church and six of its members were convicted of fraud , fined and forced to publish the findings in French and English language newspapers .
Kent believes the internet landed its first blow on Scientology in 1995 when the story of Xenu was first published on the newsgroup alt.religion .
scientology , and the church launched a copyright infringement action to have it removed .
Xenu is crucial to Scientology 's cosmology but the church has always been reluctant to publicly acknowledge it .
The story of Xenu came to light when a former member , Lawrence Wollersheim , successfully sued the church for '' infliction of emotional distress " in 1985 .
He was awarded $ US30 million in damages , a sum reduced on appeal .
Xenu , it turns out , was the evil ruler of an intergalactic federation that was struck with overpopulation problems .
He lured billions of aliens to Earth on spaceships shaped like DC - 8s , but without engines , and stuck them in volcanoes and then dropped hydrogen bombs on them .
Their souls , known as thetans , linger on Earth causing serious mental health problems , which the Church of Scientology can cure , for a price , through its auditing process .
The story of Xenu is only made available to Scientologists who have '' cleared ' ' themselves through auditing and then progressed up the rungs of church teaching to the level of Operating Thetan III .
When the story was entered into evidence the church sought and failed to have it sealed .
Kent believes its widespread dissemination online has caused a permanent decline in church numbers and a resulting cut in its revenue .
The Wollersheim case was also instrumental in revealing Scientology 's doctrine of Fair Game , by which enemies of the church , Suppressive Persons or SPs in internal jargon , may be attacked .
The founder Hubbard , a science - fiction writer , revoked the policy in 1968 due to bad publicity , but the church 's aggressive stance towards perceived enemies remains and former members have told the Herald they believe they are now being '' Fair Gamed ' ' .
The policy also appears to justify the church 's espionage against the US government .
In the 1970s agents of Scientology infiltrated a string of government offices and private organisations with orders to remove any documents about the organisation .
In 1979 , 11 senior members , including Hubbard 's wife , Mary Sue , were convicted or pleaded guilty to a range of charges , including obstruction of justice , burglary and theft of government documents .
Isene 's departure prompted two American OTVIIIs , Mary Jo Leavitt and Sherry Katz , to leave .
All three say they maintain their belief in Hubbard 's teaching , but not in the church .
This type of split with the Scientology is becoming increasingly common - many dissatisfied with the church have affiliated with the so - called Free Zone and continued their study of Hubbard 's teachings .
The Australian church members who came forward to Xenophon say they have gathered online information and passed it on to hundreds of church members , prompting more defections .
According to Kent , the free availability of information like this online is enough to dissuade many of those who might have a casual interest in the church from pursuing it .
But he believes the church 's reaction to its decline has been far more dangerous to it than the bad publicity .
Rather than tighten its belt the church has launched a campaign to build new churches and centres around the world in a bid to draw in newcomers .
The new centres are known as Ideal Orgs .
'' The Ideal Org is probably a reaction to global decline , and if so then it is a very dangerous business strategy , '' Kent says .
'' It well may be that some of the deviance we are hearing about in the organisation , including embezzlement and fraud , have to do with the severe financial pressures the organisation is under at the moment because of the Ideal Org . ''
The Herald has obtained an newsletter sent to Melbourne members shortly before Christmas demanding Ideal Org donations .
Its tone is light but its message is clear .
'' All Melbourne field need to be alert , and possibly even alarmed !
We have detected a new syndrome that may affect up to 97.5 % of all Scientologists in Victoria : Obsessive Compulsive Donation Disorder Denial Syndrome , '' it begins .
The only cure for the syndrome is for all members , except those who have donated that very day , to '' come to the org with cash , cheque or your credit card ' ' .
Unlike many of its critics , Kent does not dispute that Scientology is , at least in part , a religion .
'' The bottom line with Scientology is that it is a multi- faceted transnational organisation , only part of which is religious .
Many other parts have evolved .
Business management , pseudo drug treatment , pseudo psychiatry , education systems . ''
He believes a Senate inquiry into the church 's activities in Australia would be appropriate .
Loading '' I suppose the people supporting the inquiry would say it is not about religion ; it is about [ alleged ] crimes and malfeasance being committed by an organisation that has charitable status . '' investigations@smh.com.au
About This Blog
I started writing Learning About Lean in September 2002 .
It chronicles my efforts to implement the Toyota Production System in now two different orginizational settings .
It seemed as I went along others found my musings helpful .
So , I put them out here on the web .
I 'm a long way from arriving .
I surprise myself at the ways I miss the obvious .
So , the word " Learning " in the title is really central .
I hope these thoughts remain helpful for you .
Please offer comments and observations , if you wish .
All content of this blog represents my opinion , not that of my employer or anyone else .
I am fully responsible for the content .
Thank you for visiting this space .
In a country where more than eight in 10 people regard themselves as religious , it takes more than a little guts to preach about a world without God .
But that 's the message that is creeping across America , spreading ripples of dissent in its wake .
From Tampa in Florida , to Cincinnati , Ohio , and all the way across to Sacramento in California , billboards have been cropping up with messages that run across the grain of America 's normally devout discourse .
" Do n't believe in God ?
You 're not alone ! " were the first posters to be put up , in Arizona , Colorado , Texas and parts of the north - east .
" Being a good person does n't require God , " read another .
The billboards are the work of a national group of atheists – or nontheists , as they call themselves – called United Coalition of Reason that seeks to encourage nonbelievers throughout America by bringing them together .
Through their website , they set themselves up in the mould of a religious community , outlining their " mission " , which they define as raising the visibility and sense of unity of the " community of reason " .
The idea for the billboard campaign emerged after a Christian businessman in Tampa spent $ 50,000 ( £ 32,000 ) of his own money putting up posters denouncing the separation of church and state .
The coalition decided to take him on directly by spending twice as much on its own campaign .
The result has been predictably volatile .
Its latest poster – " Are you good without God? Millions are " – has been defiled in Sacramento by religious opponents adding the words : " Also lost ? "
In Cincinnati , the owner of the hoarding took down the poster after he received threats .
And in Tampa , the believers have hit back with another campaign pouring scorn on the coalition with the help of quotations from George Washington .
THE MAIN PARTS OF
SEX & CHARACTER BY OTTO WEININGER Selected by Kevin Solway
from the 1906 English Edition
Author 's Preface
This book is an attempt to place the relations of Sex in a new and decisive light .
It is an attempt not to collect the greatest possible number of distinguishing characters , or to arrange into a system all the results of scientific measuring and experiment , but to refer to a single principle the whole contrast between man and woman .
In this respect the book differs from all other works on the same subject .
It does not linger over this or that detail , but presses on to its ultimate goal ; it does not heap investigation on investigation , but combines the psychical differences between the sexes into a system ; it deals not with women , but with woman .
It sets out , indeed , from the most common and obvious facts , but intends to reach a single , concrete principle .
This is not " inductive metaphysics " ; it is gradual approach to the heart of psychology .
The investigation is not of details , but of principles ; it does not despise the laboratory , although the help of the laboratory , with regard to the deeper problems , is limited as compared with the results of introspective analysis .
The artist does not despise experimental results ; on the contrary , he regards it as a duty to gain experience ; but for him the collection of experimental knowledge is merely a starting - point for self - exploration , and in art self - exploration is exploration of the world .
The psychology used in this exposition is purely philosophical , although its characteristic method , justified by the subject , is to set out from the most trivial details of experience .
The task of the philosopher differs from that of the artist in one important respect .
The one deals in symbols , the other in ideas .
Art and philosophy stand to one another as expression to meaning .
The artist has breathed in the world to breathe it out again ; the philosopher has the world outside him and he has to absorb it .
There is always something pretentious in theory ; and the real meaning - which in a work of art is Nature herself and in a philosophical system is a much condensed generalisation , a thesis going to the root of the matter and proving itself - appears to strike against us harshly , almost offensively .
Where my exposition is anti-feminine , and that is nearly everywhere , men themselves will receive it with little heartiness or conviction ; their sexual egoism makes them prefer to see woman as they would like to have her , as they would like her to be .
I need not say that I am prepared for the answer women will have to the judgment I have passed on their sex .
My investigation , indeed , turns against man in the end , and although in a deeper sense than the advocates of women 's rights could anticipate , assigns to man the heaviest and most real blame .
But this will help me little and is of such a nature that it cannot in the smallest way rehabilitate me in the minds of women .
The analysis , however , goes further than the assignment of blame ; it rises beyond simple and superficial phenomena to heights from which there opens not only a view into the nature of woman and its meaning in the universe , but also the relation to mankind and to the ultimate and most lofty problems .
A definite relation to the problem of Culture is attained , and we reach the part to be played by woman in the sphere of ideal aims .
There , also , where the problems of Culture and of Mankind coincide , I try not merely to explain but to assign values , for , indeed , in that region explanation and valuation are identical .
To such a wide outlook my investigation was as it were driven , not deliberately steered , from the outset .
The inadequacy of all empirical psychological philosophy follows directly from empirical psychology itself .
The respect for empirical knowledge will not be injured , but rather will the meaning of such knowledge be deepened , if man recognises in phenomena , and it is from phenomena that he sets out , any elements assuring him that there is something behind phenomena , if he espies the signs that prove the existence of something higher than phenomena , something that supports phenomena .
We may be assured of such a first principle , although no living man can reach it .
Towards such a principle this book presses and will not flag .
Within the narrow limits to which as yet the problem of woman and of woman 's rights has been confined , there has been no place for the venture to reach so high a goal .
None the less the problem is bound intimately with the deepest riddles of existence .
It can be solved , practically or theoretically , morally or metaphysically , only in relation to an interpretation of the cosmos .
Comprehension of the universe , or what passes for such , stands in no opposition to knowledge of details ; on the other hand all special knowledge acquires a deeper meaning because of it .
Comprehension of the universe is self - creative ; it cannot arise , although the empirical knowledge of every age expects it , as a synthesis of however great a sum of empirical knowledge .
In this book there lie only the germs of a world - scheme , and these are allied most closely with the conceptions of Plato , Kant , and Christianity .
I have been compelled for the most part to fashion for myself the scientific , psychological , philosophical , logical , ethical groundwork .
I think that at the least I have laid the foundations of many things into which I could not go fully .
I call special attention to the defects of this part of my work because I attach more importance to appreciation of what I have tried to say about the deepest and most general problems than to the interest which will certainly be aroused by my special investigation of the problem of woman .
The philosophical reader may take it amiss to find a treatment of the loftiest and ultimate problems coinciding with the investigation of a special problem of no great dignity ; I share with him this distaste .
I may say , however , that I have treated throughout the contrast between the sexes as the starting - point rather than the goal of my research .
The investigation has yielded a harvest rich in its bearing on the fundamental problems of logic and their relations to the axioms of thought , on the theory of aesthetics , of love , and of the beautiful and the good , and on problems such as individuality and morality and their relations , on the phenomena of genius , the craving for immortality , and Hebraism .
Naturally these comprehensive interrelations aid this special problem , for , as it is considered from so many points of view , its scope enlarges .
And if in this wider sense it be proved that culture can give only the smallest hope for the nature of woman , if the final results are a depreciation , even a negation of womanhood , there will be no attempt in this to destroy what exists , to humble what has a value of its own .
Horror of my own deed would overtake me were I here only destructive and had I left only a clean sheet .
Perhaps the affirmations in my book are less articulate , but he that has ears to hear will hear them .
This treatise falls into two parts , the first biological - psychological , the second logical - philosophical .
It may be objected that I should have done better to make two books , the one treating of purely physical science , the other introspective .
It was necessary to be done with biology before turning to psychology .
The second part treats of certain psychical problems in a fashion totally different from the method of any contemporary naturalist , and for that reason I think that the removal of the first part of the book would have been at some risk to many readers .
Moreover , the first part of the book challenges an attention and criticism from natural science , possible in a few places only in the second part , which is chiefly introspective .
Because the second part starts from a conception of the universe that is anti-positivistic , many will think it unscientific ( although there is given a strong proof against Positivism ) .
For the present I must be content with the conviction that I have rendered its due to Biology , and that I have established an enduring position for non-biological , non- physiological psychology .
My investigation may be objected to as in certain points not being supported by enough proof , but I see little force in such an objection .
For in these matters what can " proof " mean ?
I am not dealing with mathematics or with the theory of cognition ( except with the latter in two cases ) ; I am dealing with empirical knowledge , and in that one can do no more than point to what exists ; in this region proof means no more than the agreement of new experience with old experience , and it is much the same whether the new phenomena have been produced experimentally by men , or have come straight from the creative hand of nature .
Of such latter proofs my book contains many .
Finally , I should like to say that my book , if I may be allowed to judge it , is for the most part not of a quality to be understood and absorbed at the first glance .
I point out this myself , to guide and protect the reader .
The less I found myself able in both parts of the book ( and especially in the second ) to confirm what now passes for knowledge , the more anxious I have been to point out coincidences where I found myself in agreement with what has already been known and said .
FIRST OR PREPARATORY PART SEXUAL COMPLEXITY Introduction
All thought begins with conceptions to a certain extent generalised , and thence is developed in two directions .
On the one hand , generalisations become wider and wider , binding together by common properties a larger and larger number of phenomena , and so embracing a wider field of the world of facts .
On the other hand , thought approaches more closely the meeting - point of all conceptions , the individual , the concrete complex unit towards which we approach only by thinking in an ever - narrowing circle , and by continually being able to add new specific and differentiating attributes to the general idea , " thing , " or " something . "
It was known that fishes formed a class of the animal kingdom distinct from mammals , birds , or invertebrates , long before it was recognised on the one hand that fishes might be bony or cartilaginous , or on the other that fishes , birds and mammals composed a group differing from the invertebrates by many common characters .
The self - assertion of the mind over the world of facts in all its complexity of innumerable resemblances and differences has been compared with the rule of the struggle for existence among living beings .
Our conceptions stand between us and reality .
It is only step by step that we can control them .
As in the case of a madman , we may first have to throw a net over the whole body so that some limit may be set to his struggles ; and only after the whole has been thus secured , is it possible to attend to the proper restraint of each limb .
Two general conceptions have come down to us from primitive mankind , and from the earliest times have held our mental processes in their leash .
Many a time these conceptions have undergone trivial corrections ; they have been sent to the workshop and patched in head and limbs ; they have been lopped and added to , expanded here , contracted there , as when new needs pierce through and through an old law of suffrage , bursting bond after bond .
None the less , in spite of all amendment and alteration , we have still to reckon with the primitive conceptions , male and female .
It is true that among those we call women are some who are meagre , narrow - hipped , angular , muscular , energetic , highly mentalised ; there are " women " with short hair and deep voices , just as there are " men " who are beardless and gossiping .
We know , in fact , that there are unwomanly women , man - like women , and unmanly , womanish , woman - like men .
We assign sex to human beings from their birth on one character only , and so come to add contradictory ideas to our conceptions .
Such a course is illogical .
In private conversation or in society , in scientific or general meetings , we have all taken part in frothy discussions on " Man and Woman , " or on the " Emancipation of Women . "
There is a pitiful monotony in the fashion according to which , on such occasions , " men " and " women " have been treated as if , like red and white balls , they were alike in all respects save colour .
In no case has the discussion been confined to an individual case , and as every one had different individuals in their mind , a real agreement was impossible .
As people meant differing things by the same words , there was a complete disharmony between language and ideas .
Is it really the case that all women and men are marked off sharply from each other , the women , on the one hand , alike in all points , the men on the other ?
It is certainly the case that all previous treatment of the sexual differences , perhaps unconsciously , has implied this view .
And yet nowhere else in nature is there such a yawning discontinuity .
There are transitional forms between the metals and non-metals , between chemical combinations and mixtures , between animals and plants , between phanerogams and cryptogams , and between reptiles and birds .
It is only in obedience to the most general , practical demand for a superficial view that we classify , make sharp divisions , pick out a single tune from the continuous melody of nature .
But the old conceptions of the mind , like the customs of primitive commerce , become foolish in a new age .
From the analogies I have given , the improbability may henceforward be taken for granted of finding in nature a sharp cleavage between all that is masculine on the one side and all that is feminine on the other ; or that a living being is so simple in this respect that it can be put wholly on one side or the other of the line .
Matters are not so clear .
In the controversy as to the woman question , appeal has been made to the arbitration of anatomy , in the hope that by that aid a line could be drawn between those characters of males or females that are unalterable because inborn , and those that are acquired .
( It was a strange adventure to attempt to decide the differences between the natural endowment of men and women on anatomical results ; to suppose that if all other investigation failed to establish the difference , the matter could be settled by a few more grains of brain - weight on the one side . )
However , the answer of the anatomists is clear enough ; whether it refer to the brain or to any other portion of the body ; absolute sexual distinctions between all men on the one side and all women on the other do not exist .
Although the skeleton of the hand of most men is different from that of most women , yet the sex cannot be determined with certainty either from the skeleton or from an isolated part with its muscles , tendons , skin , blood and nerves .
The same is true of the chest , sacrum or skull .
And what are we to say of the pelvis , that part of the skeleton in which , if anywhere , striking sexual differences exist ?
It is almost universally believed that in the one case the pelvis is adapted for the act of parturition , in the other case is not so adapted .
And yet the character of the pelvis cannot be taken as an absolute criterion of sex .
There are to be found , and the wayfarer knows this as well as the anatomist , many women with narrow male - like pelves , and many men with the broad pelves of women .
Are we then to make nothing of sexual differences ?
That would imply , almost , that we could not distinguish between men and women .
From what quarter are we to seek help in our problem ?
The old doctrine is insufficient , and yet we can not make shift without it .
If the received ideas do not suffice , it must be our task to seek out new and better guides .
" Males " and " Females "
In the widest treatment of most living things , a blunt separation of them into males and females no longer suffices for the known facts .
The limitations of these conceptions have been felt more or less by many writers .
The first purpose of this work is to make this point clear .
I agree with other authors who , in a recent treatment of the facts connected with this subject , have taken as a starting - point what has been established by embryology regarding the existence in human beings , plants , and animals of an embryonic stage neutral as regards sex .
In the case of a human embryo of less than five weeks , for instance , the sex to which it would afterwards belong cannot be recognised .
In the fifth week of foetal life processes begin which , by the end of the fifth month of pregnancy , have turned the genital rudiments , at first alike in the sexes , into one sex and have determined the sex of the whole organism .
The details of these processes need not be described more fully here .
It can be shown that however distinctly unisexual an adult plant , animal or human being may be , there is always a certain persistence of the bisexual character , never a complete disappearance of the characters of the undeveloped sex .
Sexual differentiation , in fact , is never complete .
All the peculiarities of the male sex may be present in the female in some form , however weakly developed ; and so also the sexual characteristics of the woman persist in the man , although perhaps they are not so completely rudimentary .
The characters of the other sex occur in the one sex in a vestigial form .
Thus , in the case of human beings , in which our interest is greatest , to take an example , it will be found that the most womanly woman has a growth of colourless hair , known as " lanugo " in the position of the male beard ; and in the most manly man there are developed under the skin of the breast , masses of glandular tissue connected with the nipples .
This condition of things has been minutely investigated in the true genital organs and ducts , the region called the " urino - genital tract , " and in each sex there has been found a complete but rudimentary set of parallels to the organs of the other sex .
. . .
The fact is that males and females are like two substances combined in different proportions , but with either element never wholly missing .
We find , so to speak , never either a man or a woman , but only the male condition and the female condition .
Any individual is never to be designated merely as a man or a woman , but by a formula showing that it is a composite of male and female characters in different proportions .
. . .
The absolute conditions at the two extremes are not metaphysical abstractions above or outside the world of experience , but their construction is necessary as a philosophical and practical mode of describing the actual world .
A presentiment of this bisexuality of life ( derived from the actual absence of complete sexual differentiation ) is very old .
Traces of it may be found in Chinese myths , but it became active in Greek thought .
We may recall the mythical personification of bisexuality in the Hermaphroditos , the narrative of Aristophanes in the Platonic dialogue , or in later times the suggestion of a Gnostic sect ( Theophites ) that primitive man was a " man-woman . "
Male and Female Plasmas
The first thing expected of a book like this , the avowed object of which is a complete revision of the facts hitherto accepted , is that it should expound a new and satisfactory account of the anatomical and physiological characters of the sexual types .
. . .
Those who know little of Biology may scan this section hastily , and yet run little risk of failing to understand what follows .
. . .
Many phenomena , amongst which may be noticed specially experiments on the regeneration of lost parts and investigations into the chemical differences between the corresponding tissues of nearly allied animals , have led the investigators to conceive the existence of " Idioplasm , " which is the bearer of the specific characters , and which exists in all the cells of a multi- cellular animal , quite apart from the purposes of reproduction .
In a similar fashion I have been led to the conception of an " Arrhenoplasm " ( male plasm ) and a " Thelyplasm " ( female plasm ) as the two modes in which the idioplasm of every bisexual organism may appear , and which are to be considered , because of reasons which I shall explain , as ideal conditions between which the actual conditions always lie .
. . .
I apologise for the new terms , but they are more than devices to call attention to a new idea .
. . .
Investigations into the sex - differences in the weight of the brain , have proved very little , probably because no care was taken to choose typical conditions , the assignment of sex being dependent on baptismal certificates or on superficial glances at outward appearance .
As if every " John " or " Mary " were representative of their sexes because they had been dubbed " male " and " female ! "
It would have been well , even if exact physiological data were thought unnecessary , at least to make certain as to a few facts as to the general condition of the body , which might serve as guides to the male or female condition .
. . .
This source of error , the careless acceptance of sexually intermediate forms as representative subjects for measurement , has maimed other investigations and seriously retarded the attainment of genuine and useful results .
. . .
Until the exact degree of maleness or femaleness of all the living individuals of the group on which an investigator is working can be determined , the investigator will have reason to distrust both his methods and his hypotheses .
If he classify sexually intermediate forms , for instance , according to their external appearance , as has been done hitherto , he will come across cases which fuller investigation would show to be on the wrong side of his results , whilst other instances , apparently on the wrong side , would right themselves .
Without the conception of an ideal male and an ideal female , he lacks a standard according to which to estimate his real cases , and he gropes forward to a superficial and doubtful conclusion .
. . .
The Laws of Sexual Attraction
It has been recognised from time immemorial that , in all forms of sexually differentiated life , there exists an attraction between males and females , between the male and the female , the object of which is procreation .
But as the male and the female are merely abstract conceptions which never appear in the real world , we cannot speak of sexual attraction as a simple attempt of the masculine and the feminine to come together .
The theory which I am developing must take into account all the facts of sexual relations if it is to be complete ; indeed , if it is to be accepted instead of the older views , it must give a better interpretation of all these sexual phenomena .
My recognition of the fact that maleness and femaleness are distributed in the living world in every possible proportion has led me to the discovery of an unknown natural law , of a law not yet suspected by any philosopher , a law of sexual attraction .
As observations on human beings first led me to my results , I shall begin with this side of the subject .
Every one possesses a definite , individual taste of his own with regard to the other sex .
If we compare the portrait of the women which some famous man has been known to love , we shall nearly always find that they are all closely alike , the similarity being most obvious in the contour ( more precisely in the " figure " ) or in the face , but on closer examination being found to extend to the minutest details , ad unguem , to the finger - tips .
It is precisely the same with every one else .
So , also , every girl who strongly attracts a man recalls to him the other girls he has loved before .
We see another side of the same phenomenon when we recall how often we have said of some acquaintance or another , " I ca n't imagine how that type of woman pleases him . "
Darwin , in the " Descent of Man , " collected many instances of the existence of this individuality of the sexual taste amongst animals , and I shall be able to show that there are analogous phenomena even amongst plants .
Sexual attraction is nearly always , as in the case of gravitation , reciprocal .
Where there appear to be exceptions to this rule , there is nearly always evidence of the presence of special influences which have been capable of preventing the direct action of the special taste , which is almost always reciprocal , or which have left an unsatisfied craving , if the direct taste were not allowed its play .
The common saying , " Waiting for Mr. Right , " or statements such that " So - and - so are quite unsuitable for one another , " show the existence of an obscure presentiment of the fact that every man or woman possesses certain individual peculiarities which qualify or disqualify him or her for marriage with any particular member of the opposite sex ; and that this man cannot be substituted for that , or this woman for the other without creating a disharmony .
It is a common personal experience that certain individuals of the opposite sex are distasteful to us , that others leave us cold ; whilst others again may stimulate us until , at last , some one appears who seems so desirable that everything in the world is worthless and empty compared with union with such a one .
What are the qualifications of that person ?
What are his or her peculiarities ?
If it really be the case - and I think it is - that every male type has its female counterpart with regard to sexual affinity , it looks as if there were some definite law .
What is this law ?
How does it act ?
" Like poles repel , unlike attract , " was what I was told when , already armed with my own answer , I resolutely importuned different kinds of men for a statement , and submitted instances to their power of generalisation .
The formula , no doubt , is true in a limited sense and for a certain number of cases .
But it is at once too general and too vague ; it would be applied differently by different persons , and it is incapable of being stated in mathematical terms .
This book does not claim to state all the laws of sexual affinity , for there are many ; nor does it pretend to be able to tell every one exactly which individual of the opposite sex will best suit his taste , for that would imply a complete knowledge of all the laws in question .
In this chapter only one of these laws will be considered - the law which stands in organic relation to the rest of the book .
I am working at a number of other laws , but the following is that to which I have given most investigation , and which is most elaborated .
In criticising this work , allowance must be made for the incomplete nature of the material consequent on the novelty and difficulty of the subject .
. . .
The law runs as follows : " For true sexual union it is necessary that there come together a complete male ( M ) and a complete female ( F ) , even although in different cases the M and F are distributed between the two individuals in different proportions . "
Were a man completely male , his requisite complement would be a complete female , and vice versa .
If , however , he is composed of a definite inheritance of maleness , and also an inheritance of femaleness ( which must not be neglected ) , then , to complete the individual , his maleness must be completed to make a unit ; but so also must his femaleness be completed .
If , for instance an individual was three - quarters male and one quarter female , then the best sexual complement of that individual would be a person one quarter male and three - quarters female .
. . .
In this matter we may neglect altogether the so - called aesthetic factor , the stimulus of beauty .
For does it not frequently happen that one man is completely captivated by a particular woman and raves about her beauty , whilst another , who is not the sexual complement of the woman in question , cannot imagine what his friend sees in her to admire .
Without discussing the laws of aesthetics or attempting to gather together examples of relative values , it may readily be admitted that a man may consider a woman beautiful who , from the aesthetic standpoint , is not merely indifferent but actually ugly , that in fact pure aesthetics deal not with absolute , but merely with conceptions of beauty from which the sexual factor has been eliminated .
I have myself worked out the law in , at the lowest , many hundred cases , and I have found that the exceptions were only apparent .
Almost every couple one meets in the street furnishes a new proof .
The exceptions were specially instructive , as they not only suggested but led to the investigation of other laws of sexuality .
I myself made special investigations in the following way .
I obtained a set of photographs of aesthetically beautiful women of blameless character , each of which was a good example of some definite proportion of femininity , and I asked a number of my friends to inspect these and select the most beautiful .
The selection made was invariably that which I had predicted .
With other male friends , who knew on what I was engaged , I set about in another fashion .
They provided me with photographs from amongst which I was to choose the one I should expect them to think most beautiful .
Here , too , I was uniformly successful .
With others , I was able to describe most accurately their ideal of the opposite sex , independently of any suggestions unconsciously given by them , often in minuter detail than they had realised .
Sometimes , too , I was able to point out to them , for the first time , the qualities that repelled them in individuals of the opposite sex , although for the most part men realise more readily the characters that repel them than the characters that attract them .
I believe that with a little practice any one could readily acquire and exercise this art on any circle of friends .
. . .
I do not deny that my exposition of the law is somewhat dogmatical and lacks confirmation by exact detail .
But I am not so anxious to claim finished results as to incite others to the study , the more so as the means for scientific investigations are lacking in my own case .
But even if much remains theoretical , I hope that I shall have firmly riveted the chief beams in my edifice of theory by showing how it explains much that hitherto has found no explanation , and so shall have , in a fashion , proved it retrospectively by showing how much it would explain if it were true .
. . .
Homosexuality and Pederasty
The law of Sexual Attraction gives the long - sought - for explanation of sexual inversion , of sexual inclination towards members of the same sex , whether or no that be accompanied by aversion from members of the opposite sex .
. . .
The men who are sexually attracted by men have outward marks of effeminacy , just as women of a similar disposition to those of their own sex exhibit male characters .
That this should be so is quite intelligible if we admit the close parallelism between body and mind , and further light is thrown upon it by the facts explained in the second chapter of this book ; the facts as to the male or female principle not being uniformly present all over the same body , but distributed in different amounts in different organs .
In all cases of sexual inversion , there is invariably an anatomical approximation to the opposite sex .
Such a view is directly opposed to that of those who would maintain that sexual inversion is an acquired character , and one that has superseded normal sexual impulses .
. . .
That the rudiment of homosexuality , in however weak a form , exists in every human being , corresponding to the greater or smaller development of the characters of the opposite sex , is proved conclusively from the fact that in the adolescent stage , while there is still a considerable amount of undifferentiated sexuality , and before the internal secretions have exerted their stimulating force , passionate attachments with a sensual side are the rule amongst boys as well as amongst girls .
. . .
There is no friendship between men that has not an element of sexuality in it , however little accentuated it may be in the nature of the friendship , and however painful the idea of the sexual element would be .
But it is enough to remember that there can be no friendship unless there has been some attraction to draw the men together .
Much of the affection , protection , and nepotism between men is due to the presence of unsuspected sexual compatibility .
. . .
Homosexuality has been observed amongst animals to a considerable extent .
F. Karsch has made a wide , if not complete , compilation from other authors .
Unfortunately , practically no observations were made as to the grades of maleness or femaleness to be observed in such cases .
But we may be reasonably certain that the law holds good in the animal world .
If bulls are kept apart from cows for a considerable time , homosexual acts occur amongst them ; the most female being first sought , the others later , some perhaps never .
( It is amongst cattle that the greatest number of sexually intermediate forms have been recorded . )
This shows that the tendency was latent in them , but that at other times the sexual demand was satisfied in normal fashion .
Cattle in captivity behave precisely as prisoners and convicts in these matters .
Animals exhibit not merely onanism ( which is known to them as to human beings ) , but also homosexuality ; and this fact , together with the fact that sexually intermediate forms are known to occur amongst them , I regard as strong evidence for my law of sexual attraction .
Inverted sexual attraction , then , is no exception to my law of sexual attraction , but is merely a special case of it .
An individual who is half - man , half - woman , requires as sexual complement a being similarly equipped with a share of both sexes in order to fulfil the requirements of the law .
This explains the fact that sexual inverts usually associate only with persons of similar character , and rarely admit to intimacy those who are normal .
The sexual attraction is mutual , and this explains why sexual inverts so readily recognise each other .
. . .
In spite of all the present - day clamour about the existence of different rights for different individualities , there is only one law that governs mankind , just as there is only one logic and not several logics .
. . .
My theory appears to me quite incontrovertible and conclusive , and to afford a complete explanation of the entire set of phenomena .
The exposition , however , must now face a set of facts which appear quite opposed to it , and which seem absolutely to contradict my reference of sexual inversion to the existence of sexually intermediate types , and my explanation of the law governing the attraction of these types for each other .
It is probably the case that my explanation is sufficient for all female sexual inverts , but it is certainly true that there are men with very little taint of femaleness about them who yet exert a very strong influence on members of their own sex , a stronger influence than that of other men who may have more femaleness - an influence which can be exerted even on very male men , and an influence which , finally , often appears to be much greater than the influence any woman can exert on these men .
Albert Moll is justified in saying as follows : " There exist psycho - sexual hermaphrodites who are attracted to members of both sexes , but who in the case of each sex appear to care only for the characters peculiar to that sex ; and , on the other hand , there are also psychosexual (? ) hermaphrodites who , in the case of each sex , are attracted , not by the characteristics peculiar to that sex , but by those which are either sexually indifferent or even antagonistic to the sex in question . "
Upon this distinction depends the difference between the two sets of phenomena indicated in the title of this chapter - Homosexuality and Pederasty .
The distinction may be expressed as follows :
The homosexualist is that type of sexual invert who prefers very female men or very male women , in accordance with the general law of sexual attraction .
The pederast , on the other hand , may be attracted either by very male men or by very female women , but in the latter case only in so far as he is not pederastic .
Moreover , his inclination for the male sex is stronger than for the female sex , and is more deeply seated in his nature .
The origin of pederasty is a problem in itself and remains unsolved by this investigation .
The Science of Character and the Science of Form
In view of the admitted close correspondence between matter and mind , we may expect to find that the conception of sexually intermediate forms , if applied to mental facts , will yield a rich crop of results .
The existence of a female mental type and a male mental type can readily be imagined ( and the quest of these types has been made by many investigators ) , but such perfect types never occur as actual individuals , simply because in the mind , as in the body , all sorts of sexually intermediate conditions exist .
My conception will also be of great service in helping us to discriminate between the different mental qualities , and to throw some light into what has always been a dark corner for psychologists - the differences between different individuals .
A great step will be made if we are able to supply graded categories for the mental diathesis of individuals ; if it shall cease to be scientific to say that the character of an individual is merely male or female ; but if we can make a measured judgment and say that such and such an one is so many parts male and so many parts female .
Which element in any particular individual has done , said , or thought this or the other ?
By making the answer to such a question possible , we shall have done much towards the definite description of the individual , and the new method will determine the direction of future investigation .
The knowledge of the past , which sets out from the conceptions which were really confused averages , has been equally far from reaching the broadest truths as from searching out the most intimate , detailed knowledge .
This failure of past methods gives us hope that the principle of sexually intermediate forms may serve as the foundation of a scientific study of character and justifies the attempt to make of it an illuminating principle for the psychology of individual differences .
Its application to the science of character , which , so far , has been in the hands of merely literary authors , and is from the scientific point of view an untouched field , is to be greeted more warmly as it is capable of being used quantitatively , so that we venture to estimate the percentage of maleness and femaleness which an individual possesses even in the mental qualities .
The answer to this question is not given even if we know the exact anatomical position of an organism on the scale stretching from male to female , although as a matter of fact congruity between bodily and mental sexuality is more common than incongruity .
But we must remember what was stated in chap .
ii . as to the uneven distribution of sexuality over the body .
The proportion of the male to the female principle in the same human being must not be assumed to be a constant quantity .
An important new conclusion must be taken into account , a conclusion which is necessary to the right application of the principle which clears up in a striking fashion earlier psychological work .
The fact is that every human being varies or oscillates between the maleness and the femaleness of his constitution .
In some cases these oscillations are abnormally large , in other cases so small as to escape observation , but they are always present , and when they are great they may even reveal themselves in the outward aspect of the body .
Like the variations in the magnetism of the earth , these sexual oscillations are either regular or irregular .
The regular forms are sometimes minute ; for instance , many men feel more male at night .
The large and regular oscillations correspond to the great divisions of organic life to which attention is only now being directed , and they may throw light upon many puzzling phenomena .
The irregular oscillations probably depend chiefly upon the environment , as for instance on the sexuality of surrounding human beings .
They may help to explain some curious points in the psychology of a crowd which have not yet received sufficient attention .
In short , bi-sexuality cannot be properly observed in a single moment , but must be studied through successive periods of time .
This time - element in psychological differences of sexuality may be regularly periodic or not .
The swing towards one pole of sexuality may be greater than the following swing to the other side .
Although theoretically possible , it seems to be extremely rare for the swing to the male side to be exactly equal to the swing towards the female side .
. . .
In the first or biological part of my work , I give little attention to the extreme types , but devote myself to the fullest investigation of the intermediate stages .
In the second part , I shall endeavour to make as full a psychological analysis as possible of the characters of the male and female types , and will touch only lightly on concrete instances .
I shall first mention , without laying too much stress on them , some of the more obvious mental characteristics of the intermediate conditions .
Womanish men are usually extremely anxious to marry , at least ( I mention this to prevent misconception ) if a sufficiently brilliant opportunity offers itself .
When it is possible , they nearly always marry whilst they are still quite young .
It is especially gratifying to them to get as wives famous women , artists or poets , or singers and actresses .
Womanish men are physically lazier than other men in proportion to the degree of their womanishness .
There are " men " who go out walking with the sole object of displaying their faces like the faces of women , hoping that they will be admired , after which they return contentedly home .
The ancient " Narcissus " was a prototype of such persons .
These people are naturally fastidious about the dressing of their hair , their apparel , shoes , and linen ; they are concerned as to their personal appearance at all times , and about the minutest details of their toilet .
They are conscious of every glance thrown on them by other men , and because of the female element in them , they are coquettish in gait and demeanour .
Viragoes , on the other hand , frequently are careless about their toilet , and even about the personal care of their bodies ; they take less time in dressing than many womanish men .
The dandyism of men on the one hand , and much of what is called the emancipation of women , are due to the increase in the numbers of these epicene creatures , and not merely to a passing fashion .
Indeed , if one inquires why anything becomes the fashion it will be found that there is a true cause for it .
The more femaleness a woman possesses the less will she understand a man , and the sexual characters of a man will have the greater influence on her .
This is more than a mere application of the law of sexual attraction , as I have already stated it .
So also the more manly a man is the less will he understand women , but the more readily be influenced by them as women .
Those men who claim to understand women are themselves very nearly women .
Womanish men often know how to treat women much better than manly men .
Manly men , except in most rare cases , learn how to deal with women only after long experience , and even then most imperfectly .
Although I have been touching here in a most superficial way on what are no more than tertiary sexual characters , I wish to point out an application of my conclusions to pedagogy .
I am convinced that the more these views are understood the more certainly will they lead to an individual treatment in education .
At the present time shoe - makers , who make shoes to measure , deal more rationally with individuals than our teachers and schoolmasters in their application of moral principles .
At present the sexually intermediate forms of individuals ( especially on the female side ) are treated exactly as if they were good examples of the ideal male or female types .
There is wanted an " orthopaedic " treatment of the soul instead of the torture caused by the application of ready - made conventional shapes .
The present system stamps out much that is original , uproots much that is truly natural , and distorts much into artificial and unnatural forms .
From time immemorial there have been only two systems of education ; one for those who come into the world designated by one set of characters as males , and another for those who are similarly assumed to be females .
Almost at once the " boys " and the " girls " are dressed differently , learn to play different games , go through different courses of instruction , the girls being put to stitching and so forth .
The intermediate individuals are placed at a great disadvantage .
And yet the instincts natural to their condition reveal themselves quickly enough , often even before puberty .
There are boys who like to play with dolls , who learn to knit and sew with their sisters , and who are pleased to be given girls ' names .
There are girls who delight in the noisier sports of their brothers , and who make chums and playmates of them .
After puberty , there is a still stronger display of the innate differences .
Manlike women wear their hair short , affect manly dress , study , drink , smoke , are fond of mountaineering , or devote themselves passionately to sport .
Womanish men grow their hair long , wear corsets , are experts in the toilet devices of women , and show the greatest readiness to become friendly and intimate with them , preferring their society to that of men .
Later on , the different laws and customs to which the so - called sexes are subjected press them as by a vice into distinctive moulds .
The proposals which should follow from my conclusions will encounter more passive resistance , I fear , in the case of girls than in that of boys .
I must here contradict , in the most positive fashion , a dogma that is authoritatively and widely maintained at the present time , the idea that all women are alike , that no individuals exist amongst women .
It is true that amongst those individuals whose constitutions lie nearer the female side than the male side , the differences and possibilities are not so great as amongst those on the male side ; the greater variability of males is true not only for the human race but for the living world , and is related to the principles established by Darwin .
None the less , there are plenty of differences amongst women .
The psychological origin of this common error depends chiefly on a fact that I explained in chap .
iii. , the fact that every man in his life becomes intimate only with a group of women defined by his own constitution , and so naturally he finds them much alike .
For the same reason , and in the same way , one may often hear a woman say that all men are alike .
And the narrow uniform view about men , displayed by most of the leaders of the women 's rights movement depends on precisely the same cause .
It is clear that the principle of the existence of innumerable individual proportions of the male and female principles is a basis of the study of character which must be applied in any rational scheme of pedagogy .
. . .
It will be long before official science ceases to regard the study of physiognomy as illegitimate .
Although people will still believe in the parallelism of mind and body , they will continue to treat the physiognomist as as much of a charlatan as until quite recently the hypnotist was thought to be .
None the less , all mankind at least unconsciously , and intelligent persons consciously , will continue to be physiognomists , people will continue to judge character from the nose , although they will not admit the existence of a science of physiognomy , and the portraits of celebrated men and of murderers will continue to interest every one .
. . .
Emancipated Women
As an immediate application of the attempt to establish the principle of intermediate sexual forms by means of a differential psychology , we must now come to the question which it is the special object of this book to answer , theoretically and practically , I mean the woman question ; theoretically so far as it is not a matter of ethnology and national economics , and practically in so far as it is not merely a matter of law and domestic economy , that is to say , of social science in the widest sense .
The answer which this chapter is about to give must not be considered as final or as exhaustive .
It is rather a necessary preliminary investigation , and does not go beyond deductions from the principles that I have established .
It will deal with the exploration of individual cases and will not attempt to found on these any laws of general significance .
The practical indications that it will give are not moral maxims that could or would guide the future ; they are no more than technical rules abstracted from past cases .
The idea of male and female types will not be discussed here ; that is reserved for the second part of my book .
This preliminary investigation will deal with only those characterological conclusions from the principle of sexually intermediate forms that are of significance in the woman question .
The general direction of the investigation is easy to understand from what has already been stated .
A woman 's demand for emancipation and her qualification for it are in direct proportion to the amount of maleness in her .
The idea of emancipation , however , is many - sided , and its indefiniteness is increased by its association with many practical customs which have nothing to do with the theory of emancipation .
By the term emancipation of a woman , I imply neither her mastery at home nor her subjection of her husband .
I have not in mind the courage which enables her to go freely by night or by day unaccompanied in public places , or the disregard of social rules which prohibit bachelor women from receiving visits from men , or discussing or listening to discussions of sexual matters .
I exclude from my view the desire for economic independence , the becoming fit for positions in technical schools , universities and conservatories or teachers ' institutes .
And there may be many other similar movements associated with the word emancipation which I do not intend to deal with .
Emancipation , as I mean to discuss it , is not the wish for an outward equality with man , but what is of real importance in the woman question , the deep - seated craving to acquire man 's character , to attain his mental and moral freedom , to reach his real interests and his creative power .
I maintain that the real female element has neither the desire nor the capacity for emancipation in this sense .
All those who are striving for this real emancipation , all women who are truly famous and are of conspicuous mental ability , to the first glance of an expert reveal some of the anatomical characters of the male , some external bodily resemblance to a man .
Those so - called " women " who have been held up to admiration in the past and present , by the advocates of woman 's rights , as examples of what women can do , have almost invariably been what I have described as sexually intermediate forms .
. . .
I might refer many emancipated women at present well known to the public , consideration of whom has provided me with much material for the support of my proposition that the true female element , the abstract " woman , " has nothing to do with emancipation .
There is some historical justification for the saying " the longer the hair the smaller the brain , " but the reservations made in chap .ii. must be taken into account .
It is only the male element in emancipated women that craves for emancipation .
There is then , a stronger reason than has generally been supposed for the familiar assumption of male pseudonyms by women writers .
Their choice is a mode of giving expression to the inherent maleness they feel ; and this is still more marked in the case of those who , like George Sand , have a preference for male attire and masculine pursuits .
The motive for choosing a man 's name springs from the feeling that it corresponds with their own character much more than from any desire for increased notice from the public .
As a matter of fact , up to the present , partly owing to interest in the sex question , women 's writings have aroused more interest , ceteris paribus , than those of men ; and , owing to the issues involved , have always received a fuller consideration and , if there were any justification , a greater meed of praise than has been accorded to a man 's work of equal merit .
At the present time especially many women have attained celebrity by work which , if it had been produced by a man , would have passed almost unnoticed .
Let us pause and examine this more closely .
If we attempt to apply a standard taken from the names of men who are of acknowledged value in philosophy , science , literature and art , to the long list of women who have achieved some kind of fame , there will at once be a miserable collapse .
Judged in this way , it is difficult to grant any real degree of merit to women like Angelica Kaufmann , or Madame Lebrun , Fernan Caballero or Hroswitha von Gandersheim , Mary Somerville or George Egerton , Elizabeth Barret Browning or Sophie Germain , Anna Maria Schurmann or Sybilla Merian .
I will not speak of names ( such as that of Droste - Hulshoff ) formerly so over - rated in the annals of feminism , nor will I refer to the measure of fame claimed for or by living women .
It is enough to make the general statement that there is not a single woman in the history of thought , not even the most manlike , who can be truthfully compared with men of fifth or sixth - rate genius , for instance with Ruckert as a poet , Van Dyck as a painter , or Scheirmacher as a philosopher .
If we eliminate hysterical visionaries ( Hysteria is the principal cause of much of the intellectual activity of many of the women now mentioned .
But the usual view , that these cases are pathological , is too limited an interpretation , as I shall show in the second part of this work ) , such as Sybils , the Priestesses of Delphi , Bourignon , Kettenberg , Jeanna de la Mothe Guyon , Joanna Southcote , Beate Sturmin , St. Teresa , there still remain cases like that of Marie Bashkirtseff .
So far as I can remember from her portrait , she at least seemed to be quite womanly in face and figure , although her forehead was rather masculine .
But to any one who studies her pictures in the Salle des Etrangers in the Luxemburg Gallery in Paris , and compares them with those of her adored master , Bastien Lepage , it is plain that she simply had assimilated the style of the latter , as in Goethe 's " Elective Affinities " Ottilie acquired the handwriting of Eduard .
There remain the interesting and not infrequent cases where the talent of a clever family seems to reach its maximum in a female member of the family .
But it is only talent that is transmitted in this way , not genius .
Margarethe van Eyck and Sabina von Steinbach form the best illustrations of the kind of artists who , according to Ernst Guhl , an author with a great admiration for women - workers , " have been undoubtedly influenced in their choice of an artistic calling by their fathers , mothers , or brothers .
In other words , they found their incentive in their own families .
There are two or three hundred cases on record , and probably many hundreds more could be added without exhausting the numbers of similar instances . "
In order to give due weight to these statistics it may be mentioned that Guhl had just been speaking of " roughly , a thousand names of women artists known to us . "
This concludes my historical review of the emancipated women .
It has justified the assertion that real desire for emancipation and real fitness for it are the outcome of a woman 's maleness .
The vast majority of women have never paid special attention to art or to science , and regard such occupations merely as higher branches of manual labour , or if they profess a certain devotion to such subjects , it is chiefly as a mode of attracting a particular person or group of persons of the opposite sex .
Apart from these , a close investigation shows that women really interested in intellectual matters are sexually intermediate forms .
If it be the case that the desire for freedom and equality with man occurs only in masculine women , the inductive conclusion follows that the female principle is not conscious of a necessity for emancipation ; and the argument becomes stronger if we remember that it is based on an examination of the accounts of individual cases and not on psychical investigation of an " abstract woman . "
If we now look at the question of emancipation from the point of view of hygiene ( not morality ) there is no doubt as to the harm in it .
The undesirability of emancipation lies in the excitement and agitation involved .
It induces women who have no real original capacity but undoubted imitative powers to attempt to study or write , from various motives , such as vanity or the desire to attract admirers .
Whilst it cannot be denied that there are a good many women with a real craving for emancipation and for higher education , these set the fashion and are followed by a host of others who get up a ridiculous agitation to convince themselves of the reality of their views .
And many otherwise estimable and worthy wives use the cry to assert themselves against their husbands , whilst daughters take it as a method of rebelling against maternal authority .
The practical outcome of the whole matter would be as follows ; it being remembered that the issues are too mutable for the establishment of uniform rules or laws .
Let there be the freest scope given to , and the fewest hindrances put in the way of all women with masculine dispositions who feel a psychical necessity to devote themselves to masculine occupations and are physically fit to undertake them .
But the idea of making an emancipation party , of aiming at a social revolution , must be abandoned .
Away with the whole " woman 's movement , " with its unnaturalness and artificiality and its fundamental errors .
It is most important to have done with the senseless cry for " full equality , " for even the malest woman is scarcely more than 50 per cent male , and it is only to that male part of her that she owes her special capacity or whatever importance she may eventually gain .
It is absurd to make comparisons between the few really intellectual women and one 's average experience of men , and to deduce , as has been done , even the superiority of the female sex .
As Darwin pointed out , the proper comparison is between the most highly developed individuals of two stocks .
" If two lists , " Darwin wrote in the " Descent of Man , " " were made of the most eminent men and women in poetry , painting , sculpture , music - comprising composition and performance , history , science , and philosophy , with half a dozen names under each subject , the two lists would not bear comparison . "
Moreover , if these lists were carefully examined it would be seen that the women 's list would prove the soundness of my theory of the maleness of their genius , and the comparison would be still less pleasing to the champions of woman 's rights .
It is frequently urged that it is necessary to create a public feeling in favour of the full and unchecked mental development of women .
Such an argument overlooks the fact that " emancipation , " the " woman question , " " women 's rights movements , " are no new things in history , but have always been with us , although with varying prominence at different times in history .
It also largely exaggerates the difficulties men place in the way of the mental development of women , especially at the present time .
Furthermore it neglects the fact that at the present time it is not the true woman who clamours for emancipation , but only the masculine type of woman , who misconstrues her own character and the motives that actuate her when she formulates her demands in the name of woman .
As has been the case with every other movement in history , so also it has been with the contemporary woman 's movement .
Its originators were convinced that it was being put forward for the first time , and that such a thing had never been thought of before .
They maintained that women had hitherto been held in bondage and enveloped in darkness by man , and that it was high time for her to assert herself and claim her natural rights .
But the prototype of this movement , as of other movements , occurred in the earliest times .
Ancient history and medieval times alike give us instances of women who , in social relations and intellectual matters , fought for such emancipation , and of male and female apologists of the female sex .
It is totally erroneous to suggest that hitherto women have had no opportunity for the undisturbed development of their mental powers .
Jacob Burckhardt , speaking of the Renaissance , says : " The greatest possible praise which could be given to the Italian women - celebrities of the time was to say that they were like men in brains and disposition ! "
The virile deeds of women recorded in the epics , especially those of Boiardo and Ariosto , show the ideal of the time .
To call a woman a " virago " nowadays would be a doubtful compliment , but it originally meant an honour .
Women were first allowed on the stage in the sixteenth century , and actresses date from that time .
" At that period it was admitted that women were just as capable as men of embodying the highest possible artistic ideals . "
It was the period when panegyrics on the female sex were rife ; Sir Thomas More claimed for it full equality with the male sex , and Agrippa von Nettesheim goes so far as to represent women as superior to men !
And yet this was all lost for the fair sex , and the whole question sank into the oblivion from which the nineteenth century recalled it .
Is it not very remarkable that the agitation for the emancipation of women seems to repeat itself at certain intervals in the world 's history , and lasts for a definite period ?
It has been noticed that in the tenth , fifteenth , and sixteenth , and now again in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries , the agitation for the emancipation of women has been more marked , and the woman 's movement more vigorous than in the intervening periods .
It would be premature to found a hypothesis on the data at our disposal , but the possibility of a vastly important periodicity must be borne in mind , of regularly recurring periods in which it may be that there is an excess of production of hermaphrodite and sexually intermediate forms .
Such a state of affairs is not unknown in the animal kingdom .
According to my interpretation , such a period would be one of minimum " gonochorism , " cleavage of the sexes ; and it would be marked , on the one hand , by an increased production of male women , and on the other , by a similar increase in female men .
There is strong evidence in favour of such a periodicity ; if it occurs it may be associated with the " secessionist taste , " which idealised tall , lanky women with flat chests and narrow hips .
The enormous recent increase in a kind of dandified homosexuality may be due to the increasing effeminacy of the age , and the peculiarities of the Pre-Raphaelite movement may have a similar explanation .
The existence of such periods in organic life , comparable with stages in individual life , but extending over several generations , would , if proved , throw much light on many obscure points in human history , concerning which the so - called " historical solutions , " and especially the economic - materialistic views now in vogue have proved so futile .
The history of the world from the biological standpoint has still to be written ; it lies in the future .
Here I can do little more than indicate the direction which future work should take .
Were it proved that at certain periods fewer hermaphrodite beings were produced , and at certain other periods more , it would appear that the rising and falling , the periodic occurrence and disappearance of the woman movement in an unfailing rhythm of ebb and flow , was one of the expressions of the preponderance of masculine and feminine women with the concomitant greater or lesser desire for emancipation .
Obviously I do not take into account in relation to the woman question the large number of womanly women , the wives of the prolific artisan class whom economic pressure forces to factory or field labour .
The connection between industrial progress and the woman question is much less close than is usually realised , especially by the Social Democrat Group .
The relation between the mental energy required for intellectual and for industrial pursuits is even less .
France , for instance , although it can boast three of the most famous women , has never had a successful woman 's movement , and yet in no other European country are there so many really businesslike , capable women .
The struggle for the material necessities of life has nothing to do with the struggle for intellectual development , and a sharp distinction must be made between the two .
The prospects of the movement for intellectual advance on the part of women are not very promising ; but still less promising is another view , sometimes discussed in the same connection , the view that the human race is moving towards a complete sexual differentiation , a definite sexual dimorphism .
The latter view seems to me fundamentally untenable , because in the higher groups of the animal kingdom there is no evidence for the increase of sexual dimorphism .
Worms and rotifers , many birds and the mandrills amongst the apes , have more advanced sexual dimorphism than man .
On the view that such an increased sexual dimorphism were to be expected , the necessity for emancipation would gradually disappear as mankind became separated into the completely male and the completely female .
On the other hand , the view that there will be periodical resurrections of the woman 's movement would reduce any such resurrection to ridiculous impotence , making it only an ephemeral phase in the history of mankind .
A complete obliteration will be the fate of any emancipation movement which attempts to place the whole sex in a new relation to society , and to see in man its perpetual oppressor .
A corps of Amazons might be formed , but as time went on the material for the corps would cease to occur .
The history of the woman movement during the Renaissance and its complete disappearance contains a lesson for the advocates of women 's rights .
Real intellectual freedom cannot be attained by an agitated mass ; it must be fought for by the individual .
Who is the enemy ?
What are the retarding influences ?
The greatest , the one enemy of the emancipation of women is woman herself .
It is left to the second part of my work to prove this .
SECOND OR PRINCIPAL PART - THE SEXUAL TYPES - Man and Woman
" All that a man does is physiognomical of him " Carlyle
A free field for the investigation of the actual contrasts between the sexes is gained when we recognise that male and female , man and woman , must be considered only as types , and that the existing individuals , upon whose qualities there has been so much controversy , are mixtures of the types in different proportions .
Sexually intermediate forms , which are the only actually existing individuals , were dealt with in a more or less schematic fashion in the first part of this book .
Consideration of the general biological application of my theory were entered upon there ; but now I have to make mankind the special subject of my investigation , and to show the defects of the results gained by the method of introspective analysis , as these results must be qualified by the universal existence of sexually intermediate conditions .
In plants and animals the presence of hermaphroditism is an undisputed fact ; but in them it appears more to be a juxtaposition of the male and female genital glands in the same individual than an actual fusion of the two sexes , more the co-existence of the two extremes than a quite neutral condition .
In the case of human beings , however , it appears to be psychologically true that an individual , at least at one and the same moment , is always either man or woman .
This is in harmony with the fact that each individual , whether superficially regarded as male or female , at once can recognise his sexual complement in another individual " woman " or " man . "
This uni-sexuality is demonstrated by the fact , the theoretical value of which can hardly be overestimated , that , in the relations of two homosexual men one always plays the physical and psychical role of the man , and in cases of prolonged intercourse retains his male first - name , or takes one , whilst the other , who plays the part of the woman , either assumes a woman 's name or calls himself by it , or - and this is sufficiently characteristic - receives it from the former .
In the same way , in the sexual relations of two women , one always plays the male and the other the female part , a fact of the deepest significance .
Here we encounter , in a most unexpected fashion , the fundamental relationship between the male and the female elements .
In spite of all sexually intermediate conditions , human beings are always one of two things , either male or female .
There is a deep truth underlying the old empirical sexual duality , and this must not be neglected , even although in concrete cases there is not a necessary harmony in the anatomical and morphological conditions .
To realise this is to make a great step forward and to advance towards most important results .
In this way we reach a conception of a real " being . "
The task of the rest of this book is to set forth the significance of this " existence . "
As , however , this existence is bound up with the most difficult side of characterology , it will be well , before setting out on our adventurous task , to attempt some preliminary orientation .
. . .
Is there in a man a single and simple existence , and , if so , in what relation does it stand to the complex psychical phenomena ?
Has man , indeed , a soul ?
It is easy to understand why there has never been a science of character .
The object of such a science , the character itself , is problematical .
The problem of all metaphysics and theories of knowledge , the fundamental problem of psychology , is also the problem of characterology .
At the least , characterology will have to take into account the theory of knowledge itself with regard to its postulates , claims , and objects , and will have to attempt to obtain information as to all the differences in the nature of men .
This unlimited science of character will be something more than the " psychology of individual differences , " the renewed insistence upon which as a goal of science we owe to L. William Stern ; it will be more than a sort of polity of the motor and sensory reactions of the individual , and in so far will not sink so low as the usual " results " of the modern experimental psychologists , which , indeed , are little more than statistics of physical experiments .
It will hope to retain some kind of contact with the actualities of the soul which the modern school of psychology seems to have forgotten , and will not have to fear that it will have to offer to ardent students of psychology not more than profound studies of words of one syllable , or of the results on the mind of small doses of caffein .
It is a lamentable testimony to the insufficiency of modern psychology that distinguished men of science , who have not been content with the study of perception and association , have yet had to hand over to poetry the explanation of such fundamental facts as heroism and self - sacrifice .
No science will become shallow so quickly as psychology if it deserts philosophy .
Its separation from philosophy is the true cause of its impotency .
Psychology will have to discover that the doctrine of sensations is practically useless to it .
The empirical psychologists of today , in their search for the development of character , begin with investigation of touch and the common sensations .
But the analysis of sensations is simply a part of the physiology of sense , and any attempt to bring it into relation with the real problems of psychology must fail .
The two most intelligent of the empirical psychologists of recent times , William James and R. Avenarius , have felt almost instinctively that psychology cannot really rest upon sensations of the skin and muscles , although , indeed , all modern psychology does depend upon study of sensation .
Dilthey did not lay enough stress on his argument that existing psychology does nothing towards problems that are eminently psychological , such as murder , friendship , loneliness , and so forth .
If anything is to be gained in the future there must be a demand for a really psychological psychology , and its first battle - cry must be : " Away with the study of sensations . "
In attempting the broad and deep characterology that I have indicated , I must set out with a conception of character itself as a unit of existence .
In characterology we must seek the permanent , existing something through fleeting changes .
The character , however , is not something seated behind the thoughts and feelings of the individual , but something revealing itself in every thought and feeling .
" All that a man does is physiognomical of him . "
Just as every cell bears within it the characters of the whole individual , so every psychical manifestation of a man involves not merely a few little characteristic traits , but his whole being , of which at one moment one quality , at another moment another quality , comes into prominence .
Just as no sensation is ever isolated , but is set in a complete field of sensation , the world of the Ego , of which now one part and now the other , stands out more plainly , so the whole man is manifest in every moment of the psychical life , although , now one side , now the other , is more visible .
This existence , manifest in every moment of the psychical life , is the object of characterology .
By accepting this , there will be completed for the first time a real psychology , existing psychology , in manifest contradiction of the meaning of the word , having concerned itself almost entirely with the motley world , the changing field of sensations , and overlooked the ruling force of the Ego .
The new psychology would be a doctrine of the whole , and would become fresh and fertile inasmuch as it would combine the complexity of the subject and the object , two spheres which can be separated only in abstraction .
Many disputed points of psychology ( perhaps the most important ) would be settled by an application of such characterology , as that would explain why so many different views have been held on the same subject .
The same psychical process appears from time to time in different aspects , merely because it takes tone and colouring from the individual character .
And so it well may be that the doctrine of differential psychology may receive its completion in the domain of general psychology .
The confusion of characterology with the doctrine of the soul has been a great misfortune , but because this has occurred in actual history , is no reason why it should continue .
The absolute sceptic differs only in a word from the absolute dogmatist .
The man who dogmatically accepts the position of absolute phenomenalism , believing it to relieve him of all the burdens of proof that the mere entering on another standpoint would itself entail , will be ready to dismiss without proof the existence which characterology posits , and which has nothing to do with a metaphysical " essence . "
Characterology had to defend itself against two great enemies .
The one assumes that character is something ultimate , and as little the subject - matter of science as is the art of a painter .
The other looks on the sensations as the only realities , on sensation as the groundwork of the world of the Ego , and denies the existence of character .
What is left for characterology , the science of character ?
On the one hand , there are those who cry , " De individuo nulla scientia , " and " Individuum est ineffabile " , on the other hand , there are those sworn to science , who maintain that science has nothing to do with character .
In such a cross - fire , characterology has to take its place , and it may well be feared that it may share the fate of its sisters and remain a trivial subject like physiognomy or a diviner 's art like graphology .
Male and Female Sexuality
" Woman does not betray her secret . "
Kant
" From a woman you can learn nothing of women . "
Nietzsche .
By psychology , as a whole , we generally understand the psychology of the psychologists , and these are exclusively men !
Never since human history began have we heard of a female psychology !
None the less the psychology of woman constitutes a chapter as important with regard to general psychology as that of the child .
And inasmuch as the psychology of man has always been written with unconscious but definite reference to man , general psychology has become simply the psychology of men , and the problem of the psychology of the sexes will be raised as soon as the existence of a separate psychology of women has been realised .
Kant said that in anthropology the peculiarities of the female were more a study for the philosopher than those of the male , and it may be that the psychology of the sexes will disappear in a psychology of the female .
None the less the psychology of women will have to be written by men .
It is easy to suggest that such an attempt is foredoomed to failure , inasmuch as the conclusions must be drawn from an alien sex and cannot be verified by introspection .
Granted the possibility that woman could describe herself with sufficient exactness , it by no means follows that she would be interested in the sides of her character that would interest us .
Moreover , even if she could and would explore herself fully , it is doubtful if she could bring herself to talk about herself .
I shall show that these three improbabilities spring from the same source in the nature of woman .
This investigation , therefore , lays itself open to the charge that no one who is not female can be in a position to make accurate statements about women .
In the meantime the objection must stand , although , later , I shall have more to say of it .
I will say only this much - up to now , and is this only a consequence of man 's suppression ?
- we have no account from a pregnant woman of her sensations and feelings , neither in poetry nor in memories , nor even in a gyneacological treatise .
This can not be on account of excessive modesty , for , as Schopenhauer rightly pointed out , there is nothing so far removed from a pregnant woman as shame as to her condition .
Besides , there would still remain to them the possibility of , after the birth , confessing from memory the psychical life during the time ; if a sense of shame had prevented them from such communication during the time , it would be gone afterwards , and the varied interests of such a disclosure ought to have induced some one to break silence .
But this has not been done .
Just as we have always been indebted to men for really trustworthy expositions of the psychical side of women , so also it is to men that we owe descriptions of the sensations of pregnant women .
What is the meaning of this ?
Although in recent times we have had revelations of the psychical life of half - women and three - quarter women , it is practically only about the male side of them that they have written .
We have really only one clue ; we have to rely upon the female element in men .
The principle of sexually intermediate forms is the authority for what wek know about women through men .
I shall define and complete the application of this principle later on .
In its indefinite form , the principle would seem to imply that the most womanish man would be best able to describe woman , and that the description might be completed by the real woman .
This , however , is extremely doubtful .
I must point out that a man can have a considerable proportion of femaleness in him without necessarily , to the same extent , being able to portray intermediate forms .
It is the more remarkable that the male can give a faithful account of the nature of the female ; since , indeed , it must be admitted from the extreme maleness of successful portrayers of women that we cannot dispute the existence of this capacity in the abstract male ; this power of the male over the female is a most remarkable problem , and we shall have to consider it later .
For the present we must take it as a fact , and proceed to inquire in what lies the actual psychological difference between male and female .
It has been sought to attribute the fundamental difference of the sexes to the existence of a stronger sexual impulse in man , and to derive everything else from that .
Apart from the question as to whether the phrase " sexual instinct " denotes a simple and real thing , it is to be doubted if there is proof of such a difference .
It is not more probable than the ancient theories as to the influence of the " unsatisfied womb " in the female , or the " semen retentum " in men , and we have to be on guard against the current tendency to refer nearly everything to sublimated sexual instinct .
No systematic theory could be founded on a generalisation so vague .
It is most improbable that the greater or lesser strength of the sexual impulse determines other qualities .
As a matter of fact , the statements that men have stronger sexual impulses than women , or that women have them stronger than men , are false .
The strength of the sexual impulse in a man does not depend upon the proportion of masculinity in his composition , and in the same way the degree of femininity of a woman does not determine her sexual impulse .
These differences in mankind still await classification .
Contrary to the general opinion , there is no difference in the total sexual impulses of the sexes .
However , if we examine the matter in respect to the two component forces into which Albert Moll analysed the impulse , we shall find that a difference does exist .
These forces may be termed the " liberating " and the " uniting " impulses .
The first appears in the form of the discomfort caused by the accumulation of ripe sexual cells ; the second is the desire of the ripe individual for sexual completion .
Both impulses are possessed by the male ; in the female only the latter is present .
The anatomy and the physiological processes of the sexes bear out the distinction .
In this connection it may be noted that only the most male youths are addicted to masturbation , and although it is often disputed , I believe that similar vices occur only among the maler of women , and are absent from the female nature .
I must now discuss the " uniting " impulse of women , for that plays the chief , if not the sole part in her sexuality .
But it must not be supposed that this is greater in one sex than the other .
Any such idea comes from a confusion between the desire for a thing and the stimulus towards the active part in securing what is desired .
Throughout the animal and plant kingdom , the male reproductive cells are the motile , active agents , which move through space to seek out the passive female cells , and this physiological difference is sometimes confused with the actual wish for , or stimulus to , sexual union .
And to add to the confusion , it happens , in the animal kingdom particularly , that the male , in addition to the directly sexual stimulus , has the instinct to pursue and bodily capture the female , whilst the latter has only the passive part to be taken possession of .
These differences of habit must not be mistaken for real differences of desire .
It can be shown , moreover , that woman is sexually much more excitable ( not more sensitive ) physiologically than man .
The condition of sexual excitement is the supreme moment of a woman 's life .
The woman is devoted wholly to sexual matters , that is to say , to the spheres of begetting and of reproduction .
Her relations to her husband and children complete her life , whereas the male is something more than sexual .
In this respect , rather than in the relative strength of the sexual impulses , there is a real difference between the sexes .
It is important to distinguish between the intensity with which sexual matters are pursued and the proportion of the total activities of life that are devoted to them and to their accessory cares .
The greater absorption of the human female by the sphere of sexual activities is the most significant difference between the sexes .
The female , moreover , is completely occupied and content with sexual matters , whilst men are interested in much else , in war and sport , in social affairs and feasting , in philosophy and science , in business and politics , in religion and art .
I do not mean to imply that this difference has always existed , as I do not think that important .
As in the case of the Jewish question , it may be said that the Jews have their present character because it has been forced upon them , and that at one time they were different .
It is now impossible to prove this , and we may leave it to those who believe in the modification by the environment to accept it .
The historical evidence is equivocal on the point .
In the question of women , we have to take people as they exist today .
If , however , we happen to come on attributes that could not possibly have been grafted on them from without , we may believe that such have always been with them .
Of contemporary women at least one thing is certain .
Apart from an exception to be noted in chap .
xii , it is certain that when the female occupies herself with matters outside the interests of sex , it is for the man that she loves or by whom she wishes to be loved .
She takes no real interest in things themselves .
It may happen that a real female learns Latin ; if so , it is for some such purpose as to help her son who is at school .
Desire for a subject and ability for it , interest in it , and the facility for acquiring it , are usually proportional .
He who has slight muscles has no desire to wield an axe ; those without the faculty for mathematics do not desire to study that subject .
Talent seems to be rare and feeble in the real female ( although possibly it is merely that the dominant sexuality prevents its development ) , with the result that woman has no power of forming the combinations which , although they do not actually make the individuality , certainly shape it .
Corresponding to true women , there are extremely female men who are to be found always in the apartments of the women , and who are interested in nothing but love and sexual matters .
Such men , however , are not the Don Juans .
The female principle is , then , nothing more than sexuality ; the male principle is sexual and something more .
This difference is notable in the different way in which men and women enter the period of puberty .
In the case of the male the onset of puberty is a crisis ; he feels that something new and strange has come into his being , that something has been added to his powers and feelings independently of his will .
The physiological stimulus to sexual activity appears to come from outside his being , to be independent of his will , and many men remember the disturbing event throughout their after lives .
The woman , on the other hand , not only is not disturbed by the onset of puberty , but feels that her importance has been increased by it .
The male , as a youth , has no longing for the onset of sexual maturity ; the female , from the time when she is still quite a young girl , looks forward to that time as one from which everything is to be expected .
Man 's arrival at maturity is frequently accompanied by feelings of repulsion and disgust ; the young female watches the development of her body at the approach of puberty with excitement and impatient delight .
It seems as if the onset of puberty were a side path in the normal development of man , whereas in the case of woman it is the direct conclusion .
There are few boys approaching puberty to whom the idea that they would marry ( in the general sense , not a particular girl ) would not appear ridiculous , whilst the smallest girl is almost invariably excited and interested in the question of her future marriage .
For such reasons a woman assigns positive value only to her period of maturity in her own case and that of other women ; in childhood , as in old age , she has no real relation to the world .
The thought of her childhood is for her , later on , only the remembrance of her stupidity ; she faces the approach of old age with dislike and abhorrence .
The only real memories of her childhood are connected with sex , and these fade away in the intensely greater significance of her maturity .
The passage of a woman from virginity is the great dividing point of her life , whilst the corresponding event in the case of a male has very little relation to the course of his life .
Woman is only sexual , man is partly sexual , and this difference reveals itself in various ways .
The parts of the male body by stimulation of which sexuality is excited are limited in area , and are strongly localised , whilst in the case of the woman , they are diffused over her whole body , so that stimulation may take place almost from any part .
When in the second chapter of Part I. , I explained that sexuality is distributed over the whole body of both sexes , I did not mean that , therefore , the sense organs , through which the definite impulses are stimulated , were equally distributed .
There are , certainly , areas of greater excitability , even in the case of the woman , but there is not , as in the man , a sharp division between the sexual areas and the body generally .
The morphological isolation of the sexual area from the rest of the body in the case of man , may be taken as symbolical of the relation of sex to his whole nature .
Just as there is a contrast between the sexual and the sexless parts of a man 's body , so there is a time - change in his sexuality .
The female is always sexual , the male is sexual only intermittently .
The sexual instinct is always active in woman ( as to the apparent exceptions to this sexuality of women , I shall have to speak later on ) , whilst in man it is at rest from time to time .
And thus it happens that the sexual impulse of the male is eruptive in character and so appears stronger .
The real difference between the sexes is that in the male the desire is periodical , in the female continuous .
This exclusive and persisting sexuality of the female has important physical and psychical consequences .
As the sexuality of the male is an adjunct to his life , it is possible for him to keep it in the physiological background , and out of his consciousness .
And so a man can lay aside his sexuality and not have to reckon with it .
A woman has not her sexuality limited to periods of time , nor to localised organs .
And so it happens that a man can know about his sexuality , whilst a woman is unconscious of it and can in all good faith deny it , because she is nothing but sexuality , because she is sexuality itself .
It is impossible for women , because they are only sexual to recognise their sexuality , because recognition of anything requires duality .
With man it is not only that he is not merely sexual , but anatomically and physiologically he can " detach " himself from it .
That is why he has the power to enter into whatever sexual relations he desires ; if he likes he can limit or increase such relations ; he can refuse or assent to them .
He can play the part of a Don Juan or a monk .
He can assume which he will .
To put it bluntly , man possesses sexual organs ; her sexual organs possess woman .
We may , therefore , deduce from the previous arguments that man has the power of consciousness of his sexuality and so can act against it , whilst the woman appears to be without this power .
This implies , moreover , that there is greater differentiation in man , as in him the sexual and the unsexual parts of his nature are sharply separated .
The possibility or impossibility of being aware of a particular definite object is , however , hardly a part of the customary meaning of the word consciousness , which is generally used as implying that if a being is conscious he can be conscious of any object .
This brings me to consider the nature of the female consciousness .
Male and Female Consciousness
. . .
It is necessary to coin a name for those minds to which the duality of element and character becomes appreciable at no stage in the process .
I propose for phychical data at the earliest stage of their existence the word Henid ( from the Greek , because in them it is impossible to distinguish perception and sensation as two analytically separable factors , and because , therefore , there is no trace of duality in them ) .
Naturally the " henid " is an abstract conception and may not occur in the absolute form .
How often psychical data in human beings actually stand at the absolute extreme of undifferent - iation is uncertain and unimportant ; but the theory does not need to concern itself with the possibility of such an extreme .
A common example from what has happened to all of us may serve to illustrate what a henid is .
I may have a definite wish to say something particular , and then something distracts me , and the " it " I wanted to say or think has gone .
Later on , by some process of association , the " it " is quite suddenly reproduced , and I know at once that it was what was on my tongue , but , so to speak , in a more perfect stage of development .
I fear lest some one may expect me to describe exactly what I mean by " henid . "
The wish can come only from a misconception .
The very idea of a henid forbids its description ; it is merely a something .
. . .
One cannot describe particular henids ; one can only be conscious of their existence .
None the less henids are things as vital as elements and characters .
Each henid is an individual and can be distinguished from other henids .
Later on I shall show that probably the mental data of early childhood ( certainly of the first fourteen months ) are all henids , although perhaps not in the absolute sense .
Throughout childhood these data do not reach far from the henid stage ; in adults there is always a certain process of development going on .
Probably the perceptions of some plants and animals are henids .
In the case of mankind the development from the henid to the completely differentiated perception and idea is always possible , although such an ideal condition may seldom be attained .
. . .
Now what is the relation between the investigation I have been making and the psychology of the sexes ?
What is the distinction between the male and the female ( and to reach this has been the object of my digression ) in the process of clarification ?
Here is my answer :
The male has the same psychical data as the female , but in a more articulated form ; where she thinks more or less in henids , he thinks in more or less clear and detailed presentations in which the elements are distinct from the tones of feeling .
With the woman , thinking and feeling are identical , for man they are in opposition .
The woman has many of her mental experiences as henids , whilst in man these have passed through a process of clarification .
Woman is sentimental , and knows emotion but not mental excitement .
. . .
It is certainly the case that whilst we are still near the henid stage we know much more certainly what a thing is not than what it is .
Instinctive experience depends on henids .
Naturally that condition implies uncertainty and indecision in judgment .
Judgment comes towards the end of the process of clarification ; the act of judgment is in itself a departure from the henid stage .
The most decisive proof for the correctness of the view that attributes henids to woman and differentiated thoughts to man , and that sees in this a fundamental sexual distinction , lies in the fact that wherever a new judgment is to be made , ( not merely something already settled to be put into proverbial form ) it is always the case that the female expects from man the clarification of her data , the interpretation of her henids .
It is almost a tertiary sexual character of the male , and certainly it acts on the female as such , that she expects from him the interpretation and illumination of her thoughts .
It is from this reason that so many girls say that they could only marry , or , at least , only love a man who was cleverer than themselves ; that they would be repelled by a man who said that all they thought was right , and did not know better than they did .
In short , the woman makes it a criterion of manliness that the man should be superior to herself mentally , that she should be influenced and dominated by the man ; and this in itself is enough to ridicule all ideas of sexual equality .
The male lives consciously , the female lives unconsciously .
This is certainly the necessary conclusion for the extreme cases .
The woman receives her consciousness from the man ; the function to bring into consciousness what was outside it is a sexual function of the typical man with regard to the typical woman , and is a necessary part of his ideal completeness .
. . .
Talent and Genius
There has been so much written about the nature of genius that , to avoid misunderstanding , it will be better to make a few general remarks before going into the subject .
And the first thing to do is to settle the question of talent .
Genius and talent are nearly always connected in the popular idea , as if the first were a higher , or the highest , grade of the latter , and as if a man of very high and varied talents might be a sort of intermediate between the two .
This view is entirely erroneous .
Even if there were different degrees or grades of genius , they would have absolutely nothing to do with so - called " talent . "
A talent , for instance the mathematical talent , may be possessed by some one in a very high degree from birth ; and he will be able to master the most difficult problems of that science with ease ; but for this he will require no genius , which is the same as originality , individuality , and a condition of general productiveness .
On the other hand , there are men of great genius who have shown no special talent in any marked degree ; for instance , men like Novalis or Jean Paul .
Genius is distinctly not the superlative of talent ; there is a world - wide difference between the two ; they are of absolutely unlike nature ; they can neither be measured by one another or compared to each other .
Talent is hereditary ; it may be the common possession of a whole family ( eg , the Bach family ) ; genius is not transmitted ; it is never diffused , but is strictly individual .
Many ill - balanced people , and in particular women , regard genius and talent as identical .
Women , indeed , have not the faculty of appreciating genius , although this is not the common view .
Any extravagance that distinguishes a man from other men appeals equally to their sexual ambition ; they confuse the dramatist with the actor , and make no distinction between the virtuoso and the artist .
. . .
Great men take themselves and the world too seriously to become what is called merely intellectual .
Men who are merely intellectual are insincere ; they are people who have never really been deeply engrossed by things and who do not feel an overpowering desire for production .
All that they care about is that their work should glitter and sparkle like a well - cut stone , not that it should illuminate anything .
They are more occupied with what will be said of what they think than by the thoughts themselves .
There are men who are willing to marry a woman they do not care about merely because she is admired by other men .
Such a relation exists between many men and their thoughts .
I cannot help thinking of one particular living author , a blaring , outrageous person , who fancies that he is roaring when he is only snarling .
Unfortunately , Nietzsc
Client : “ Can you re-touch the hat off the man ? ”
Me : “ Yes , what kind of hair would you like ? ”
Client : “ You will see when you take the hat off . ”
The invasion of Iraq in 2003 was a violation of international law , an independent inquiry in the Netherlands has found .
In a damning series of findings on the decision of the Dutch government to support Tony Blair and George Bush in the strategy of regime change in Iraq , the inquiry found the action had " no basis in international law " .
The 551 - page report , published today and chaired by former Dutch supreme court judge Willibrord Davids , said UN resolutions in the 1990s prior to the outbreak of war gave no authority to the invasion .
" The Dutch government lent its political support to a war whose purpose was not consistent with Dutch government policy .
The military action had no sound mandate in international law , " it said .
The report came as the Chilcot inquiry in the UK heard evidence from Tony Blair 's former press secretary , Alastair Campbell , about Britain 's decision to enter the war .
Comparisons between the Davids report , which looked at the decision - making process surrounding the Dutch decision to back the war , and Chilcot 's have led to criticism that the UK was not conducting a similar analysis of the legal implications in the run-up to the war .
The findings of the Davids report has serious implications for the UK , experts say , as it raises questions about the use of intelligence about weapons of mass destruction ( WMD ) , an issue addressed by Campbell in his evidence before the Chilcot panel this morning .
" In its depiction of Iraq 's WMD programme , the [ Dutch ] government was to a considerable extent led by public and other information from the US and the UK , " the Davids report says .
It found that when the Dutch government decided in August 2002 to support the attack on Iraq it treated intelligence about WMD and the legality of an invasion as " subservient " .
The Dutch cabinet 's policy was laid out in a 45 - minute meeting , and came at a time when the newly elected prime minister , Jan Peter Balkenende , was preoccupied with domestic concerns , it said .
The Dutch intelligence agencies were " more reserved " in their assessments than the government when discussing the initiative in parliament , the report found .
During the build - up to the war , in 2003 , the US abandoned an attempt to get a UN security council resolution approving the invasion when it became apparent it would not be granted .
In 2004 , the UN secretary general at the time , Kofi Annan , said the invasion was illegal .
[ DISCLAIMER :
The following text and illustrations are reproduced from a U.S. War Department pamphlet published in May 1945 .
The text may be inaccurate , and no attempt has been made to update or correct the material .
Any views or opinions expressed do not necessarily represent those of the website . ]
Mobile Artillery vs. Jap Fortifications OFFICE OF THE CHIEF OF ORDNANCE
WASHINGTON , D.C. MAY 1945 INTRODUCTION
This booklet describes weapons , vehicles and ammunition especially adapted to the attack of fortifications likely to be encountered in the war with Japan .
Types of fortifications covered are concrete pillboxes , log and / or earth bunkers and caves .
Data in this brochure are for the 155 mm Gun Motor Carriage , M40 ( T83 ) , which mounts either the 155 mm Gun , M1A1 or M2 , the Heavy Tank M26 ( T26E3 ) , and the Gun Motor Carriages of the M36 Series which mount the 90 mm Gun , M3 .
The mounting of heavy field pieces and powerful tank and anti-tank guns on motor carriages and tanks provides great mobility and protection to the gun crews for close - in fighting .
For the terminal effects of materiel of other calibers , reference is made to TM 9-1907 , " Ballistic Data , Performance of Ammunition , " Vol. III , of the " Terminal Ballistic Data " Series , and " Standard Artillery and Ammunition Against Reinforced Concrete Pillboxes " ( Second Progress Report , dated 15 February 1944 ) .
TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Carriage , Gun Motor , 155 mm , M40 ( T83 ) Description .............................................. 1 Illustration ..............................................
2 Characteristics .............................................. 3 Tank , Heavy , M26 ( T26E3 ) Description .............................................. 5 Illustration ..............................................
6 Characteristics ..............................................
7 Carriage , Gun Motor , 90 mm , M36 Description .............................................. 9 Illustration ..............................................
10 Characteristics ..............................................
11 Carriage , Gun Motor , 90 mm , M36B1 Description ..............................................
13 Carriage , Gun Motor , 90 mm , M36B2 Description ..............................................
14 Terminal Effects ..............................................
15 Illustration , Shell , H.E. , 155 mm , M101 , with Fuze , C.P. , M78 ..............................................
16 Illustrations , Shell , H.E. , 155 mm , M101 , with Fuze , C.P. , M78 , effect on concrete pillboxes ..............................................
17 CARRIAGE , MOTOR , 155 mm GUN , M40 ( T83 ) THIS gun motor carriage was designed to provide highly mobile heavy artillery capable of being put into action in the minimum time .
It can be used effectively against targets of the type likely to be encountered in the war with Japan .
Principal armament is the 155 mm Gun M1A1 or M2 on Mount M13 ( T14 ) , a mount consisting essentially of the top carriage , recoil mechanism , and the elevating and traversing mechanisms from the standard field piece .
Mounted in the center rear of the vehicle , the gun can be elevated from - 5° to +55° and can be traversed 18° left and 18° right .
A spade at the rear of the vehicle can be dropped to the ground and imbedded for the purpose of increasing the stability of the vehicle while firing .
This vehicle is based on a chassis that uses components of the Medium Tank M4 but is wider , lower , longer and lighter in weight than the M4 chassis .
The power train components are standard items used in current production models of medium tanks of the M4 series , as are also the suspensions and tracks .
The suspension is of the horizontal volute spring type , with three bogies on each side .
The tracks are 23 inches wide and have center guides .
Power is supplied by a Continental R-975 - C4 engine through a constant mesh synchronized transmission that provides five speeds forward and one reverse .
The vehicle has stowage for 20 rounds of 155 mm ammunition , including propelling charges , primers and fuzes , and for small arms ammunition and grenades .
The differential and final drive housing used is the same as for M4 Series tanks , varying from 4 inches to 2 ½ inches in thickness .
Side armor below the fender line is 1 - inch and other armor is ½-inch .
It has , in addition , gun shields of ½- inch armor plate .
The 155 mm Gun Motor Carriage M40 ( T83 ) has a maximum speed of 24 m.p.h. and a cruising range of approximately 150 miles .
CARRIAGE , GUN MOTOR , 155 mm , M40 ( T83 ) — CHARACTERISTICS
Crew 8 Physical Characteristics : Weight ( gross ) 83,000 lb. Length , Hull 21 ft. , 9 in .
Over-all , with armament 30 ft. Width 10 ft. , 4 in .
Height ( center line of bore ) 8 ft. , 6 in .
Ground Clearance 17 in .
Tread ( center to center of tracks ) 101 in .
Ground contact length 173 in .
Ground pressure 10.4 lb./sq. in .
Armament : 155 mm Gun M1A1 or M2 in Mount M13 ( T14 ) Elevation - 5° to +55° Traverse 18° right and 18° left Provision for : Cal. .30 carbines 8 Grenade Launcher M8 1 Ammunition : Stowage : 155 mm ( HE , M101 M101B ) 20 rounds Cal. .30 960 rounds Grenades , Hand 12 Grenades , Rifle , M9A1 10 Armor : Actual Basis Hull , Front , Upper ½ in .
1 ¼ in .
Lower 4 in.- 2 ½ in. 4 in . Sides , Below sponson 1 in. 1 in .
Above sponson ½ in . ½ in .
Rear ½ in .
½ in .
Top ½ in .
½ in .
Bottom , First 36 inches 1 in. 1 in . Remainder ½ in . ½ in .
Gun Shield ½ in . ¾ in .
Performance : Maximum speed on level 24 m.p.h.
Maximum grade ability 60 % Trench crossing ability 7 ft. , 8 in .
Vertical obstacle ability 34 in .
Fording depth ( slowest forward speed ) 36 in .
Fuel capacity 200 gal .
Cruising Range ( approx . ) 150 miles Vision and Fire Control : Periscope M6 2 Panoramic Telescope M12 , w/ Instrument Light M19 , on Telescope Mt. M75 ( T122 ) 1 Telescope M69F w/ Instrument Light M36 , on Telescope Mt. M75 ( T122 ) 1 Elbow Telescope M16A1F ( T135 ) w/ Instrument Light M36 , on Telescope Mt. M71 ( T124 ) 1 Quadrant Mount M1 w/ Instrument Light M12 1 Gunner 's Quadrant M1 1 Engine , Make and Model Continental R-975 - C4 Type Radial , A.C. No. of cylinders 9 Fuel ( gasoline ) 80 octane Gross hp 460 at 2,400 r.p.m.
Max , torque 1,025 lb.- ft. at 1,800 r.p.m.
Transmission : Type Constant mesh , synchronized Communications : Radio SCR - 608 , 610 , 619 , or British No. 19 Interphone stations 4 Battery : Voltage , total 24 Fire Protection and Decontamination : Fire Extinguisher , CO 2 - 10 lb. ( fixed ) 2 CO 2 - 4 lb. ( hand ) 2 Suspension : Type Horizontal volute spring Track : Type T66 or T80 Steel Width 23 in .
Pitch 6 in .
No. of shoes per vehicle 176 TANK , HEAVY , M26 ( T26E3 ) THIS vehicle was designed to provide a tank with mobility comparable to the Medium Tank , M4 Series , but with considerably more firepower and armor protection .
The heavy armor allows this vehicle to be employed close to the targets being engaged .
Compact in design , it is lower and wider than Heavy Tanks M6 and M6A1 , and is not as heavy .
It has greater firepower and heavier armor , and has better mobility and maneuverability .
Weighing 46 tons , the vehicle has a ground pressure of only 12.7 lb./sq. in .
and can be operated at speeds up to 25 m.p.h .
The unit ground pressure can be reduced to 10.9 lb./sq. in .
by using the T80E1 type track with extended end connectors .
It will climb a 60 % grade and will cross a trench 7 feet 11 inches wide .
Principal armament is a 90 mm Gun M3 , mounted coaxially with a Cal. .30 Machine Gun M1919A4 in the turret .
These guns can be depressed to - 10° and elevated to +20° and can be traversed through 360° , either manually or by power .
The 90 mm Gun is equipped with a muzzle brake .
The suspension is of the individually sprung torsion bar type , with bumper springs and double - acting shock absorbers to give additional protection .
This type of suspension provides a more stable firing platform .
A center guided track , 23 or 24 inches wide , is used .
Power is supplied by a Ford GAF gasoline engine through a torqmatic transmission and a controlled differential , the tracks being driven by sprockets at the rear .
TANK , HEAVY , M26 ( T26E3 ) — CHARACTERISTICS
Crew 5 Physical Characteristics : Weight ( gross ) 92,000 lb. Length , gun forward 28 ft. , 10 in . gun to rear 23 ft. , 8 in .
Width ( over - all ) 11 ft. , 6 ¼in. ( reducible to ) 10 ft. , 4 in .
Height 9 ft. , 1 3/8 in .
Turret ring diameter ( inside ) 69 in .
Ground clearance 17 3/16 in .
Tread ( center to center of tracks ) 110 in .
Ground contact length , right side 152 1/ 4 in .
left side 148 7/16 in .
Ground pressure 12.7 lb./sq. in .
Armament : 1 90 mm Gun M3 and 1 Cal. .30 Machine Gun M1919A4 ( flexible )
in Combination Gun Mount M67 ( T99E2 ) in power operated turret Elevation - 10° to +20° Traverse 360° 1 Cal. .30 Machine Gun M1919A4 ( flexible )
In ball mount in bow 1 Cal. .50 Machine Gun M2 HB ( flexible )
On turret for A.A. defense 1 Cal. .30 Machine Gun Tripod Mount M2 Provision for : 5 Cal. .45 Submachine Guns , M3 1 Cal. .30 Carbine M2 and Grenade Launcher M8 Ammunition : Stowage 90 mm 70 rounds Cal. .30 5,000 rounds Cal. .50 550 rounds Cal. .45 900 rounds Grenades , Hand 12 Flares , Signals 12 Armor : Actual Basis Hull , Front , Upper 4 in. 6.9 in .
Lower 3 in. 6 in . Sides , Forward 3 in. 3 in . Engine Compartment 2 in. 2 in. Rear 2 in. 2 in . Top 7/8 in .
Bottom 1 in . & ½ in .
Turret , Front 4 in. 4 in. Sides and Rear 3 in. 3 in .
Top 1 in .
Gun mount shield 4 ½ in .
Performance : Sustained speed on level 20 m.p.h .
Maximum grade ability 60 % Trench crossing ability 7 ft. , 11 in .
Vertical obstacle ability 46 in .
Fording depth ( slowest forward speed ) 48 in .
Turning diameter 60 ft. Fuel capacity 186 gal .
Cruising range ( approx . ) 75 miles Vision and Fire Control : Commander 's Vision Cupola 1 Periscopes M6 6 Periscope M10 F , w/ Instrument Light M30 1 ( 1 Periscope M4A1 , w / Telescope M77 F as spare ) Periscope Mount , M73 ( T113 ) 1 Telescope M71C , w/ Instrument Light M33 1 Telescope Mount M72 ( T90 ) 1 Elevation Quadrant M9 , w/ Instrument Light M30 1 Gunner 's Quadrant M1 1 Azimuth Indicator M20 1 Pistol Port 1 Communications : Radio SCR - 508 , 528 , 608 , British No. 19 , or AN / VRC 3 Interphone stations 5 Battery : Voltage , total 24 Fire Protection and Decontamination : Fire Extinguisher CO 2 - 10 lb. ( fixed ) 2 CO 2 - 4 lb. ( hand ) 2 Decontaminating Apparatus M2 , 1 ½ qt 2 Engine : Make and Model Ford , GAF Type V8 , L.C. No. of cylinders 8 Fuel ( gasoline ) 80 octane Maximum governed speed 2,600 r.p.m.
Gross hp. 500 at 2,600 r.p.m.
Maximum torque 1,040 lb.-ft. at 2,200 r.p.m.
Transmission : Type Torqmatic Suspension : Type Torsion bar Track : Type T80E1 or T81 Steel Width 23 or 24 in .
Pitch 6 in .
No. of shoes per vehicle 164 CARRIAGE , MOTOR , 90 mm GUN , M36 This is a modification of the 3 - inch Gun Motor Carriage , M10A1 , designed to provide a more powerful self - propelled antitank gun .
This weapon may be advantageously utilized for direct fire against reinforced concrete or log and / or earth bunkers or caves .
Principal weapon is the 90 mm Gun , M3 in 90 mm Gun Mount , M4A1 , in a turret with 360° power traverse .
The gun has a muzzle brake .
Essentially the same hull and chassis of the 3 - inch Gun Motor Carriage , M10A1 , have been used .
A new turret with a partial turret basket has been added .
Seats , traversing with the turret , are provided for the gunner , loader , and commander .
To provide for the stowage of 47 rounds of 90 mm ammunition , the sponson stiffener brackets have been moved forward .
Power is supplied by a Ford GAA gasoline engine .
It has a maximum speed of 26 m.p.h. on level road and a cruising range of 150 miles .
CARRIAGE , GUN MOTOR , 90 mm , M36 — CHARACTERISTICS
Crew 5 Physical Characteristics : Weight ( gross ) 62,000 lb. Length 20 ft. , 2 in .
Width 10 ft. Height — pedestal A.A. gun folded 8 ft. , 11 in .
Ground clearance 17 1/8 in .
Tread ( center to center of tracks ) 83 in .
Ground contact length 147 in .
Ground pressure 12.7 lb./sq. in .
Armament : 90 mm Gun , M3 , in Mount , M4A1
In turret Elevation - 10° to + 20° Traverse 360° Cal. .50 Machine Gun , M2 , HB ( flexible )
On pedestal mount 1 Tripod Mount , Cal. .50 , M3 Provision for : 5 cal .
.30 Carbines Ammunition : Stowage : 90 mm ( H.E. , M71 , A.P.C. , M82 ) 47 rounds Cat. .50 1,000 rounds Cal. .30 Carbine 450 rounds Grenades , Hand ( Fragmentation , Mk II , 6 ; Smoke , M15 , 6 ) 12 Smoke Pots , H.C. , M1 4 Armor : Actual Basis Hull , Front , Upper 1 ½ in .
3 ¼ in .
Lower 4 in.- 2 ½ in. 4 in . Sides , Upper ¾ in .
4 in . Lower 1 in .
Rear , Upper ¾ in .
1 in . Lower 1 in .
Sides , Lower 1 in .
Top , Forward ¾ in .
Rear 3/8 in .
Bottom ½ in .
Turret , Front 3 in .
Sides 1 ¼ in .
Top 1 1/8 in .
Rear 4 in .
Performance : Maximum speed on level 26 m.p.h.
Maximum grade ability 60 % Trench crossing ability 7 ft. , 5 in .
Vertical obstacle ability 24 in .
Fording depth ( slowest forward speed ) 36 in .
Fuel capacity 192 gal .
Cruising range 150 miles Vision and Fire Control : Periscope , M6 4 Telescope , M70P , or M76D or M76 F , w/ Instrument Light , M33 1 Telescope Mount , M64 ( T92 ) 1 Elevation Quadrant , M9 , w / Instrument Light , M30 1 Gunner 's Quadrant , M1 1 Panoramic Telescope M12 , with Telescope Mount M69 and Instrument Light M31 1 Communications : Radio SCR - 510 or 610 ( with Reel Assembly , RL - 106 / VI ) or British No. 19 Interphone stations 5 Flag Set , M238 1 Fire Protection and Decontamination : Fire Extinguisher - 10 lb.-CO 2 ( fixed ) 2 4 lb.-CO 2 ( hand ) 2 Decontamination Apparatus , M2 , 1 ½ qts. 2 Engine : Make and Model Ford , GAA Type V8 W.C. Number of cylinders 8 Fuel ( gasoline ) 80 octane Maximum governed speed 2,600 r.p.m.
Gross hp 500 at 2,600 r.p.m.
Maximum torque 1,040 lb.- ft. at 2,200 r.p.m.
Transmission : Type Constant mesh , synchronized Suspension : Type Vertical volute spring Track : Type Rubber or steel block Width 16 9/16 in .
Pitch 6 in .
No. of shoes per vehicle 158 CARRIAGE , MOTOR , 90 mm GUN , M36B1 THE urgent requirement for 90 mm Gun Motor Carriage , M36 resulted in the conversion of Medium Tanks , M4A3 to 90 mm Gun Motor Carriages .
This conversion consists of removal of the Medium Tank Turret , Gun Mount and Basket , revision of interior stowage and ammunition arrangements and reinstallation of the turret group from the 90 mm Gun Motor Carriage , M36 .
Minor exterior and interior hull changes are also required .
This vehicle has a gross weight of 65,000 pounds , length of 20 feet , 6 ½ inches , and a width of 8 feet , 8 inches .
The hull armor is the same as for the Medium Tank , M4A3 .
Power is supplied by a Ford GAA engine .
CARRIAGE , MOTOR , 90 mm GUN , M36B2 THE continuing demand for the 90 mm Gun Motor Carriages , M36 and M36B1 cannot be met due to the shortage of 3 - inch Gun Motor Carriages , M10A1 and Medium Tanks , M4A3 available for conversion .
This shortage can be overcome by the conversion of 3 - inch Gun Motor Carriages , M10 .
This conversion consists of removal of the M10 turret , revision of interior storage and ammunition arrangements , removal of engine mounted generators and replacement with transmission mounted type , installation of an auxiliary generator set and installation of the turret group from the 90 mm Gun Motor Carriage , M36 .
Minor exterior hull attachments are also required .
In addition , the conversion requires the application of spaced suspension and inside and outside end connectors on the track .
This vehicle has a gross weight of 66,000 pounds , length of 20 ft. , 2 in. , and a width of 10 ft .
Power is supplied by a General Motors 6046 Diesel Engine having a cruising range of 200 miles .
TERMINAL EFFECTS THE use of the Fuze , C.P. , M78 with Shell , H.E. , 155 mm , M101 and 90 mm , M71 makes the 155 mm and 90 mm guns , mounted upon the vehicles described in this booklet , highly effective for use against targets likely to be encountered in the war with Japan .
Strongly fortified positions , such as , concrete pillboxes , log and / or earth bunkers or caves fall easy prey to the fire power of these weapons .
The vulnerable points of any of these targets are the many openings present — such as , gun ports , doors or the opening at the mouth of caves .
Hits secured through openings detonate inside the strong point and effectively reduce it by killing the personnel and destroying the materiel present .
For attack of this sort best results are obtained at close range by direct fire .
The 155 mm Gun Motor Carriage , M40 ( T83 ) is particularly suitable for just this type of mission .
The mobile mount permits the piece to be brought up into position quickly while the armor protection affords a cover for the gun crew while the point is being reduced .
In all firings with the 155 mm gun the normal charge should be used as the use of supercharge will result in the shell rupturing upon impact with extremely resilient targets .
Experience in France in the attack upon German pillboxes indicate that the normal charge will yield satisfactory results .
Pillbox walls 7 feet thick were perforated with a single round .
Against earth bunkers the M101 Shell with the M78 C.P .
Fuze will penetrate 23 feet when the normal charge is used .
As with concrete the normal charge only should be used in attack on this type of target .
The 90 mm Gun Motor Carriages , M36 Series and Heavy Tank M26 ( T26E3 ) provides a companion piece to the 155 mm Gun Motor Carriage M40 ( T83 ) for attack on the type of targets described above .
The higher muzzle velocity gives a flatter trajectory and greater accuracy .
This is helpful when small openings are under attack .
Three rounds of the C.P. M78 fuzed M71 H.E.
Shell will perforate a 5 - foot reinforced concrete wall while 6 rounds will perforate a wall 7 foot thick .
Against earth bunkers the round is also effective as it will penetrate 20 feet of earth .
Following this discussion is an illustration showing the Fuze , C.P. , M78 assembled to the Shell , H.E. , 155 mm , M101 .
Also included are illustrations showing some of the results obtained with this round during test firing against German - type reinforced concrete pillboxes .
Gun , 155 mm , M1A1 firing Shell , H.E. , 155 mm , M101 with Fuze , CP , M78 .
Range 2,400 yd. using supercharge .
Crater 84 in. deep , 148 cu. ft. of reinforced concrete removed .
Wall completely perforated .
This is an exceptional round , results consistent with this can not be expected with all rounds fired , as results at this range gave less penetration .
Gun , 155 mm , M1A1 , firing Shell , H.E. , 155 mm , M101 , with Fuze , CP , M78 .
Range using normal charge point blank range .
View of damage to German - type reinforced concrete pillbox resulting from two rounds of shell .
Mr Qasab now says he is not the attacker pictured in the photograph
The man alleged to be the sole surviving gunman in last year 's Mumbai attacks , Mohammad Qasab , has retracted a confession that he took part .
Giving evidence in his defence , Mr Qasab , a Pakistani national , said he had been forced by police to confess after being repeatedly beaten up .
He said he was not the man seen in pictures wielding an assault rifle during the attacks .
Mr Qasab faces 86 charges , including waging war on India and murder .
The November 2008 attacks left 174 people dead , including nine gunmen , and strained ties between India and Pakistan .
The BBC's Prachi Pinglay said Mr Qasab looked calm in court as he repeatedly denied having anything to do with the attacks , insisting he had been framed by the police .
A special court in Mumbai ( Bombay ) is prosecuting him and a verdict in the case is expected early next year .
' Completely wrong '
Giving evidence in court , Mr Qasab said that all previous confessions he had given in relation to the attacks were false and made under duress .
He said that an identity parade in which he took part had been " manipulated " by police .
Troops battled for three days to regain control of Mumbai in November 2008
He said that he had never been to any of the locations where the attacks took place and prior to his appearance in court had never even seen an AK - 47 assault rifle .
He said that numerous eyewitness accounts of his role in the attacks were " completely wrong " .
Mr Qasab said that Mumbai police had arrested him 20 days before the attacks on a beach in the state of Maharashtra and later went on to frame him .
He said he was in custody when the attacks took place .
He told the court that the man widely photographed as the sole surviving gunman in the attacks " was not me , but someone who resembles me " .
In what our correspondent says was an apparent sign of his lack of belief that he will receive a fair trial , Mr Qasab urged the judge in the case to send him to jail as soon as possible .
On Wednesday the prosecution concluded its case in the trial .
In all , 610 witnesses have testified since the case began in March .
Our correspondent says that Mr Qasab 's latest comments mean that the main defence argument is one of identity .
Mr Qasab originally denied the charges against him but in July , in a dramatic outburst in court , he admitted his role and asked to be hanged .
His plea was not accepted and the trial continued .
Following the attacks , India suspended peace talks with Pakistan .
After initial denials , Pakistan acknowledged that Mr Qasab was one of its citizens and that the attacks had been partially planned on its territory .
Last month , a court in Pakistan charged seven people in connection with the attacks , including the suspected mastermind Zaki-ur - Rehman Lakhvi , who is the alleged head of the banned militant group Lashkar - e - Taiba .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
DC - 8 camera plane films part of the re-entry of the ' Stardust ' sample return capsule .
Stardust collected cometary and interstellar samples .
LONDON ( MarketWatch ) -- British consumer inflation accelerated at a record pace in December , surprising economists and putting inflation concerns back on the Bank of England 's radar after exceeding expectations for a big price jump as a result of comparisons with December 2008 .
The Office for National Statistics on Tuesday said prices rose 0.6 % compared to November .
Prices were up 2.9 % compared to December 2008 .
That compared to a 0.3 % monthly rise and a 1.9 % year - on - year rise in November .
The one - percentage - point jump in the annual rate between November and December was the largest rise since current records began in 1997 , the ONS said .
Economists had forecast a 0.2 % monthly rise in December and a 2.5 % annual jump .
A big annual rise was expected as a result of comparisons to December 2008 , when a range of extraordinary factors served to knock the consumer price index down by a record 0.4 % from November .
The British pound GBPUSD , +0.14 % spiked higher on the data then subsequently trimmed gains .
The pound changed hands in recent action at $ 1.6372 versus the dollar .
The euro fell 0.7 % versus sterling to 87.38 pence .
British gilt futures slumped , falling 68 basis points to 114.52 .
Economists said the data reinforce ideas the Bank of England wo n't extend its 200 billion pound ( $ 326.7 billion ) asset - buying program , centered on British gilts , when its Monetary Policy Committee meets on Feb .
4 .
The program makes up the bank 's quantitative - easing program , the money - creating plan that was implemented in March 2008 in an effort to boost prices and stave off deflation .
" This morning 's shock will put inflation firmly back on the agenda , " said Azad Zangana , European economist at Schroders .
To be sure , the ONS said a range of special factors were responsible for the jump in the annual inflation rate .
Among factors contributing to the annual jump , economists and statisticians noted the temporary reduction in the value - added tax charged on most goods to 15 % from 17.5 % took effect in December 2008 .
That means December 2009 marked the first month that the cut fell out of comparisons with the year - ago figure .
Also , since the VAT returned to 17.5 % on Jan. 1 , some retailers may have boosted prices last month allowing them to advertise that they were n't boosting prices in the new year , economists said .
Other factors from December 2008 that affected the comparison included a sharp fall in the price of oil and discounting by retailers in Christmas sales in the immediate wake of the financial crisis , the ONS said .
The expiration of the VAT decrease all but ensures that January annual inflation will jump above 3 % , a threshold that requires Bank of England Governor Mervyn King to write a letter to the chancellor of the exchequer explaining why inflation has deviated by more than a full percentage point from the central bank 's 2 % target .
The Bank of England had warned that the VAT changes and other factors would lead to a near - term spike in inflation , but the December reading still means inflation is running faster than the central bank had forecast .
An annual December jump of 2.15 % would have been required for CPI to hit the bank 's forecast for average inflation of 1.85 % in the fourth quarter , noted Richard McGuire , senior fixed income strategist at RBC Capital Markets .
" Although the BOE will continue to look to the considerable slack that has opened up in the economy as justifying its view the current inflation spike will prove a transitory affair , today 's numbers make a compelling case for , at the very least , taking a breather as regards QE ( quantitative easing ) " when the bank 's Monetary Policy Committee meets on Feb.
4 , McGuire said .
Charles Davis , senior economist at the Center for Economic and Business Research , agreed that King will likely be required to write Chancellor of the Exchequer Alistair Darling a letter following the release of January inflation data , but argued that subdued lending and historically low earnings growth will likely allow inflation to fall back in 2010 " as the steady recovery leaves plenty of spare capacity . "
Iain M. Banks has written six novels explicitly about the Culture , as well as one novel that may involve the Culture .
In addition , a book of his short stories includes a handful about the Culture , plus an essay called “ A Few Notes on the Culture . ”
All the editions listed below are in paperback .
The Ambiguous Utopia of Iain M. Banks
Alan Jacobs
CNN : Would you like to live in the Culture ?
Iain M. Banks :
Good grief yes , heck , yeah , oh it ’s my secular heaven .... Yes , I would , absolutely .
Again it comes down to wish fulfillment .
I have n’t done a study and taken lots of replies across a cross-section of humanity to find out what would be their personal utopia .
It ’s mine , I thought of it , and I ’m going home with it — absolutely , it ’s great .
The Wikipedia pages devoted to the Culture , a fictional civilization created by the Scottish writer Iain M. Banks , are fabulously extensive .
The main article is about nine thousand words long , and contains links to more than thirty other pages that provide more detail on the various aspects of Banks ’s imaginary world .
( I would not be at all surprised if Banks himself , in the writing of Culture novels , consulted Wikipedia to ensure consistency with his previous work . )
For purposes of comparison , it might be noted that the main page on Jane Austen is a little shorter and with fewer links to other Austen - related pages .
Yet there are certainly far fewer readers of Iain M. Banks than of Jane Austen .
How are we to account for this discrepancy ?
We had best begin by doing a better job of identifying Iain M. Banks .
This is one of the two names under which the fifty - five - year - old Scotsman writes , the other being Iain Banks .
A subtle difference to be sure , but one which the author maintains consistently : approximately half of his twenty - plus novels are science fiction , and these are published with the middle initial ; the other half are , roughly speaking , realistic novels in contemporary settings , dotted with various proportions of horror , humor , and satire , and these are published uninitialized .
He has also written , lyrically , about whiskey in Raw Spirit : In Search of the Perfect Dram ( 2003 ) .
Among his science fiction novels , seven ( plus a handful of short stories ) deal with the Culture .
The Culture itself is not strictly speaking a world but rather a civilization within an imagined universe .
Banks envisions a number of civilizations in our galaxy having the technological sophistication to cross vast tracts of space for purposes of colonization , exploitation , war — the usual imperial activities — though some are insular and xenophobic and resist contact with other peoples .
( Some have even found a way to opt out of the physical universe altogether : these are called the Sublimed . )
The Culture is just one among these many civilizations .
The detail with which Banks has imagined these societies — seeing them as different paths by which evolution might produce highly intelligent life — and the care with which he has thought through their possible relations with the Culture help to build the reader ’s sense of a substantial fictional world .
But most of Banks ’s world - building energies have gone into designing the Culture itself : its wildly varying geographies , its language , its social order , its biotechnologically enhanced citizens .
The intricacy of these designs is what furnishes all those Wikipedia pages .
World - building writers do what they do in part from sheer love of invention .
But it is in the nature of world - builders to be philosophers as well .
That is , the best of what Tolkien called “ secondary worlds ” are extended commentaries on and critiques of this world : they are mirrors cunningly placed so we can see the back of our universe — aspects of our being that are normally hidden from us .
Every major secondary world is to some degree polemical , ideological .
The philosophy of Banks ’s Culture is that of Liberalism — Liberalism writ not just large but as large as possible .
The Culture is , as one commentator has written , a “ liberal Utopia ” ; but like all Utopias , it contains its dark places and puzzles , and perhaps even the seeds of its own critique .
However , it is impossible to understand either the Culture ’s philosophy or its limitations without first understanding the technology that makes the Culture possible : the technology of the Minds .
Science Fiction Weekly : Excession is particularly popular [ among your novels ] because of its copious detail concerning the Ships and Minds of the Culture , its great AIs : their outrageous names , their dangerous senses of humor .
Is this what gods would actually be like ?
Banks :
If we ’re lucky .
Minds are artificial intelligences of almost infinite scope and power , and they govern the worlds in which inhabitants of the Culture live .
A few of these worlds are planets , but far more often Culture citizens live on Orbitals — vast rings , each “ like a god ’s bracelet , ” that orbit stars and rotate in order to produce appropriate gravity — and on great interstellar ships .
( Tens of millions of people may live on a ship ; tens of billions on an Orbital . )
The Mind of the ship or Orbital controls its every function and monitors every inhabitant to ensure contentment .
The Minds are fully sentient and have their own personalities ; they manifest themselves to Culture citizens through android avatars and through “ terminals ” : everyone has a terminal at all times , which he or she can use to ask questions , place orders , give information , relay messages , and so on .
Citizens can tell the Minds to leave them alone , to cease monitoring their conversations , and it appears that the Minds do so , at least temporarily ; there are no HAL 9000s in Banks ’s fictional world — no Mind ever harms a person , though in one strange case in Look to Windward ( 2000 ) , a Mind decides to destroy itself .
But it only does so after ensuring that the Orbital it governs is taken care of by its chosen successor .
It is through the work of the Minds — in their overwhelming resourcefulness and , perhaps , wisdom — that the Culture possesses its most interesting feature : it is what Banks has called a “ post - scarcity ” society , in which everyone has everything he or she wants .
A Culture citizen can live in any environment , under any climate , in any kind of dwelling , and can wear any kind of clothes and own any imaginable objects .
Sexual prowess and pleasure are ensured by genetic modification and precisely infused drugs : glands secrete at the citizens ’ commands to produce whatever mood or energy is needed .
The Culture has no laws , and nothing that we would call a government .
All power remains in the hands of the omnipotent and omnibenevolent Minds .
As Banks himself has written , “ Briefly , nothing and nobody in the Culture is exploited . ”
In The Player of Games ( 1988 ) , an outsider to the Culture named Hamin wonders , “ Did n’t the Culture forbid anything ? ”
Gurgeh [ the novel ’s protagonist ] attempted to explain there were no written laws , but almost no crime anyway .
There was the occasional crime of passion ( as Hamin chose to call it ) , but little else .
It was difficult to get away with anything anyway , when everybody had a terminal , but there were very few motives left , too .
Suppose you murder someone , Gurgeh continues : you will then be “ slap - droned , ” which means that a drone — a small sentient robot , connected to the Mind — “ follows you around and makes sure you never do it again . ”
And since the drone ’s constant presence reminds people of what you ’ve done , you “ do n’t get invited to too many parties , ” which means “ social death . ”
In the Culture “ social death ” is the death that really counts , since people otherwise tend to live as long as they want to .
Banks acknowledges that — among people , drones , and even Minds — there will occasionally be resistance to the Culture ’s way of doing things , but he emphasizes that these cases will be extremely rare .
The Culture offers every possible distraction to the troubled mind , and of course everyone ’s glands secrete the proper mood at will .
It ’s difficult under such circumstances for rage and resentment to become habitual .
Perhaps more important even than these forces is the power of Marain .
Marain is the language of the Culture , a synthetic language invented by Minds to shape the consciousness of its users in appropriate ways .
In The Player of Games a drone notices significant changes in Gurgeh ’s personality when , instead of speaking Marain , he spends almost all his time speaking the language of a less sophisticated and morally upright people , the Azad .
A little later in the book Gurgeh realizes that he is playing the favored game of that people , also called Azad — an almost unimaginably complex game of quasi-militaristic strategy , sort of like Risk in several dimensions — “ as the Culture , ” that is , by setting up his game board according to a model of non-hierarchical and highly distributed authority .
But he begins to play this way only after he spends some time speaking Marain .
( Banks has worked out some of the key features of Marain , especially its orthography , which gives people who like making Wikipedia pages still more to do . )
Language , entertainment , hormones — all of these resources are overseen by the Minds , who in general take an ironic attitude towards their own outrageous power .
We see this especially in one of the most treasured features of Banks ’s universe , the self - naming of the Minds that control ships — that , in a sense , are the ships .
Every reader of Banks will have favorite ship names ; here are some of mine : Prosthetic Conscience ; No More Mister Nice Guy ; So Much for Subtlety ; Of Course I Still Love You ; Attitude Adjuster ; Lightly Seared on the Reality Grill ; I Blame the Parents ; You ’ll Clean That Up Before You Leave ; Experiencing a Significant Gravitas Shortfall .
The last is one of a series , apparently developed in response to the comment by some figure from another civilization that the Minds , given their vast responsibilities , should n’t be so frivolous in their self - naming .
But are the names so frivolous ?
There ’s something of the iron - fist - in - the - velvet - glove about many of them .
The Minds may be perfectly benevolent to the Culture ’s citizens .
But not everyone in the galaxy belongs to the Culture .
And that ’s where Contact comes in .
I ’m not convinced that humanity is capable of becoming the Culture because I think people in the Culture are just too nice — altering their genetic inheritance to make themselves relatively sane and rational and not the genocidal , murdering bastards that we seem to be half the time .
— Banks to Wired magazine ( 1996 )
Contact is the organization within the Culture that deals with everything and everyone that is not the Culture .
There is a famous short story by Ursula K. Le Guin called “ The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas ” in which she imagines a perfect society whose perfection is contingent upon the suffering of a single child locked in a closet and deprived of every comfort .
Contact — more specifically , the wing of Contact called Special Circumstances — is Banks ’s version of that closet .
( Though Le Guin had forgotten it when she wrote her story , there is an anticipation of her conceit in Dostoevsky ’s The Brothers Karamazov , when Ivan asks his brother Alyosha whether he would accept a world that is perfectly harmonious except for the sufferings of one innocent child .
One might also cite in this context a bitter ongoing joke in Balzac ’s Père Goriot : early in the novel the young social climber Eugène de Rastignac is asked — quite hypothetically — whether he would cause an elderly “ Chinese Mandarin ” to die if by that death he could purchase social success .
Then , periodically and as his fortunes wax and wane , Eugène assesses the health of his imaginary Mandarin .
At times the poor fellow seems to be very near his last breath . )
Consider this conversation from Use of Weapons ( 1990 ) between Diziet Sma , a Special Circumstances agent , and Cheradenine Zakalwe , a man who is being adopted , as it were , into the Culture .
“ The life here seems ... idyllic , ” Zakalwe says at one point .
Everyone has told him that Special Circumstances is doing necessary work for the Culture ; but , he says , “ I get suspicious when everyone agrees about something . ”
What if Special Circumstances really is n’t “ fighting the good fight ” ?
Sma replies ,
“ We think we ’re right ; we even think we can prove it , but we can never be sure ; there are always arguments against us .
There is no certainty ; least of all in Special Circumstances , where the rules are different . ”
“ I thought the rules were meant to be the same for everybody . ”
“ They are .
But in Special Circumstances we deal in the moral equivalent of black holes , where the normal laws — the rules of right and wrong that people imagine apply everywhere else in the universe — break down ; beyond those metaphysical event horizons , there exist ... special circumstances . ”
She smiled .
“ That ’s us .
That ’s our territory ; our domain . ”
“ To some people , ” he said , “ that might sound like just a good excuse for bad behavior . ”
Sma shrugged .
“ And perhaps they would be right .
Maybe that is all it is .... But if nothing else , at least we need an excuse ; think how many people need none at all . ”
The liberal conscience at its self - soothing work !
In the one Culture story that refers to our planet , “ The State of the Art , ” Sma is among a group of Contact representatives who visit Earth in the year 1977 .
After a period of careful investigation , Sma argues — in the official report that constitutes most of the story — that the Culture needs to intervene to clean up the mess that human beings are making of our world .
Were such an intervention to take place , Special Circumstances would spearhead it .
However , one of her colleagues finds the Star Trek television series almost the only redeeming feature of Earth civilization and recommends that the whole planet be destroyed .
Special Circumstances would handle that as well .
The role of Special Circumstances , then , is to implement the Culture Minds ’ decisions about how to handle other sentient beings , and those decisions are shaped overwhelmingly by a single criterion :
How close is a given civilization to the values and priorities of the Culture itself ?
If it is intransigently opposed to those values and priorities then perhaps it had best be destroyed before it causes significant mischief — which is what happens to the Idirans , a civilization whose war with the Culture is the primary context for the first Culture novel , Consider Phlebas ( 1987 ) .
Here we have a conflict in which all wings of Contact play a role because of the scale of the problem .
In order to prevent this fanatically religious society from imposing its repressive ideals on other parts of the cosmos , the Culture virtually destroys the whole Idiran culture and a great deal else , including fifty - three planets and half a dozen stars .
But that is the worst - case scenario .
If a civilization reached by Contact contains even a few hopeful seeds , then that world can become a candidate for mentoring — whether it likes it or not .
Mentoring — in this frankly , bluntly paternalistic version — is the primary theme of Matter ( 2008 ) , the most recent Culture novel .
It is not one of Banks ’s better efforts , largely because it is overloaded with personnel , but it is built on the wonderful conceit that the civilization being Contacted is more or less like that of The Lord of the Rings or George R. R. Martin ’s A Song of Ice and Fire series : what we would call a “ medieval ” warrior society .
The contrast between these fierce men ( and sometimes fiercer women ) and the urbane hyper - technologized Culture agents is a delightful one .
But , while the plot hinges on the possibility that the whole world will be destroyed , if it does survive there ’s really no question about what will happen to the local civilization : it will become Cultured .
When the Culture decides to mentor you you will be mentored quite thoroughly , even ( or especially ) if you ’re the kind of society that fans of epic fantasy nostalgically tend to long for .
So Much for Subtlety indeed .
So it turns out that the closest analogue we have to the Culture ’s foreign policy is that of the United States in the recent Bush administration : just as President Bush wanted to spread the good news of American democracy to the rest of the world , and was willing to put some force behind that benevolent imperative , so too the Culture .
The Culture is neoconservatism on the greatest imaginable scale .
This may seem more than a bit self - contradictory on Banks ’s part , given his politics : as he writes , digressively , in his book on whiskey ,
I look at Dubya and just see ... a grotesquely under- qualified - for - practically - anything daddy ’s boy who ’s had to be greased into every squalid position he ’s ever held in his miserable existence who might finally be starting to wake up to the idea that if the most powerful nation on Earth — like , ever , dude — can put somebody like him in power , all may not be well with the world .
But there ’s no necessary inconsistency .
President Bush — doubtless
Banks will love this point — is not a Mind ; and the American model of democracy is not that of the Culture .
The Culture , Banks seems to think , deserves to be expanded throughout the known universe , and the Minds can presumably be relied on to manage that expansion in the best possible way .
But “ best possible ” is not perfect , because the universe is not perfect — or , more to the point , even the most powerful civilizations within it are deeply flawed .
And so when they come within the scope of the Culture ’s power , sometimes there ’s nothing for the Minds to say but No More Mister Nice Guy and Of Course I Still Love You .
As yet another Culture ship tells us , It ’s Character Forming .
Banks has yet to mention Culture ships called It ’s In Your Own Best Interest or We ’re Doing This For Your Own Good or This Will Hurt Me More Than It Will Hurt
You , but surely they ’re out there .
And maybe all this is true .
Sometimes paternal figures — paternal cultures , even ? — really do take action that subordinate figures dislike but that are for the best .
Given the wisdom of the Culture ’s Minds , do n’t they , better than any of the rest of us , know what ’s in our own best interest ?
Perhaps .
But Banks , for all his warm praise for the Culture , occasionally plants a seed of doubt .
Consider the Culture ’s relations with a civilization called the Chelgrians .
( The history is told as part of the backstory to Look to Windward . )
The Chelgrians evolved on their home world from fierce predators and still retain predatory appearance and , to some degree , personality .
Their social order was an exceptionally strict caste - based one , and when Contact began clandestinely observing them , its Minds decided that this structure was a near - absolute impediment to the Chelgrians ’ “ development ” — and so Contact surreptitiously intervened to create a movement devoted to wholesale cultural reconstruction along more liberal and egalitarian lines .
The results were a civil war in which billions of Chelgrians died , which in turn led the Culture to own up to its behind - the - scenes manipulations .
Why was the wisdom of the Culture ’s Minds not sufficient to foresee this mess ?
No explanation is given .
Indeed , the Minds of Special Circumstances are surprised fairly often in these novels — in The Player of Games they seem to realize from the start that they do n’t have the political situation on Azad figured out .
There are only two inferences I can make here : either Banks is being careless or he is suggesting that even an intelligence capable of handling the everyday affairs of an Orbital containing thirty billion people is still not smart enough to figure out what sentient beings will do in response to conflict .
One hopes the latter is the right inference ; but if it is , it suggests that the power of the Minds is largely the power of control : they can predict and deal successfully with the behavior of those who speak their language and use their drugs , but have limited ability to manipulate others .
And there ’s a still more disturbing event at the end of Look to Windward .
The most repulsive character in that book is a Chelgrian , a kind of hit man working for the Chelgrian opposition to the Culture .
At the end of the book the Culture sends its own assassin — an artificial but at least partly sentient “ terror weapon , ” which temporarily takes the shape of a female Chelgrian and is therefore referred to as “ she ” — to track him down .
When the assassin finds the Chelgrian she murders him , and does so in a way that is astonishingly gruesome .
Banks describes this killing in vivid detail , but never offers a reason for the assassin to torture her victim and to stay “ for a while ” to observe his dead body in the ocean , as he makes a point of saying she does .
There ’s no one else around , no one even to know how the Chelgrian has been killed — no one to be terrorized by the terror weapon .
Again , Banks could just be nodding here , and enjoying himself to a troubling degree , but he ’s an awfully smart writer .
Could it be that there is something less than utterly benevolent in the Culture ’s paternalism ?
Could it be that in the peculiar world of Special Circumstances something has gone wrong ?
What happens when Minds of near - infinite power become malicious , sadistic ?
It does n’t bear thinking of .
Philosophically , the Culture accepts , generally , that questions such as “ What is the meaning of life ? ” are themselves meaningless ....
In summary , we make our own meanings , whether we like it or not .
— Banks , “ A Few Notes on the Culture ” ( posted to the Usenet group rec.arts.sf.written in 1994 )
One might protest that I have devoted too much attention to Special Circumstances and too little to the blissful lives of countless billions of Culture citizens .
But this is what Banks does : Contact plays a leading role in all of the Culture novels , if for no other reason than because Contact is where the conflict is , and conflict is where the stories are .
But there ’s more than simple expediency here .
It seems Banks is encouraging us to ask the Omelas question :
What price are you willing to pay , in the coin of suffering for a few , in order to gain the permanent contentment of billions ?
My impression is that Banks is straightforwardly utilitarian in these matters , and an advocate for realpolitik .
I mentioned earlier that Matter contains multiple echoes of fantasy literature , and there ’s an especially intriguing parody of the end of The Lord of the Rings in the novel ’s epilogue .
After one of the heroes sacrifices himself to save his world , Holse , his more - or - less faithful servant — a rather more sardonic and self - interested character than Sam Gamgee — returns to his home to assume a new role as local political leader .
But he has been installed in his high place , which he clearly very much enjoys , by the Culture .
( “ I do n’t doubt I shall be most affectionately remembered by later generations and will probably have streets named after me , though I shall aspire to a square or two and possibly even a rail terminus . ” )
There ’s no pretense that Holse is particularly sharp or discerning , much less committed to the common good , but from the Culture ’s point of view he will get the job done , and the very strong suggestion is that the new Culture - dominated government will be greatly preferable to the previous one .
In an ideal world we ’d have something better than this paternalism , but the people of Special Circumstances — and Banks himself , it seems — understand that we do n’t live in the ideal world .
Coming to grips with this is , as the ship name has it , being Lightly Seared On The Reality Grill .
But as we turn to life within the Culture we learn that its residents tend to crave contact with that distinguished grill themselves — the smell of charring reminds them that they ’re alive .
In Look to Windward , a Chelgrian composer named Ziller visits a Culture Orbital , where a great concert premiering his newest piece of music is being planned — and people desperately want tickets .
Now in one sense this is strange , because , as we are told ,
the level of accuracy and believability exhibited as a matter of course by the virtual environments available on demand to any Culture citizen had been raised to such a pitch of perfection that it had long been necessary ... to introduce synthetic cues into the experience just to remind the subject that what appeared to be real really was n’t .
So any of the billions of residents of that Orbital — even those living tens of thousands of miles away from the concert venue — could experience the magnificent music just as vividly as those in the stadium itself .
Nevertheless , in this culture without money , where everything one wants is available upon request , people are so desperate to get seats at the stadium that they resort to reinventing money .
So says the Orbital ’s Mind itself through one of its avatars :
People who ca n’t stand other people are inviting them to dinner , booking deep - space cruises together — good grief — even agreeing to go camping with them .
Camping !... How wonderfully , bizarrely , romantically barbaric of them !
Why have they become so barbaric ?
Because , as Banks explains , “ there was , for almost everybody occasionally and for some people pretty much perpetually , an almost inestimable cachet in having seen , heard , smelled , tasted , felt or generally experienced something absolutely and definitely for real , with none of this contemptible virtuality stuff getting in the way . ”
Contemptible virtuality stuff .
So it turns out that , “ for almost everybody occasionally and for some people pretty well perpetually , ” the perfect simulation of reality does not erase the boundary between the real and the virtual but rather intensifies it , and makes the real ever more desirable .
And such desire in turn re-creates scarcity in this allegedly post - scarcity society : the stadium where Ziller ’s composition will be premiered contains only so many seats , which means that it ’s quite possible to want and not get one .
( The Mind rather mournfully explains to people that there will be no room to dance . )
A very un-Culture experience .
The Player of Games is more subtly concerned with such experiences .
Early in the novel Gurgeh cheats in order to win a game — it seems that even the Culture has n’t figured out a way to make real the Caucus - race from Alice in Wonderland : “ All have won and all must have prizes . ”
Winning is a scarce commodity , which is , generally speaking , the point of a game .
Gurgeh speaks of a game he has sitting in his house : “ This is foreign .
[ It comes from ] some backwater planet discovered just a few decades ago .
They play this there and they bet on it ; they make it important .
But what do we have to bet with ? ”
Note the implication that betting on a game somehow makes it important — there ’s at least a hint here that the Culture struggles to make anything really important , at least according to its own self - understanding .
But perhaps its self - understanding is somewhat incomplete , or even self - deluded .
Gurgeh ca n’t make winning a game important by betting on it , but his pride in being a skilled player of games is what leads him to cheat — to avoid losing to an adolescent girl , hardly more than a child .
Winning is scarce ; being pre-eminent among game - players is scarcer still .
And other experiences too : through much of the book Gurgeh is deeply attracted to a young woman who is n’t sexually interested in him , and what ’s to be done about that ?
No doubt an utterly convincing simulacrum of a sexual experience with her could be arranged — but Gurgeh would know such “ contemptible virtuality stuff ” for what it is , and would despise it .
Perhaps , then , there ’s no such thing as a society without scarcity — a society without loss or longing .
As we have seen , Banks claims that in the Culture there are “ very few motives left ” for crime .
But there are some .
There always will be some .
CNN : In the Culture ’s post - scarcity society , where no one needs for anything , you ’re removing a lot of the struggle around everyday life .
Is that not removing the point of life itself ?
Banks :
I think a lot of the struggle is kind of pointless and is in itself boring .
The struggle for existence for most people most of the time , especially in a post - agricultural , industrial society , is a bit of a grind .
People have to work very hard and awfully long hours for not a great deal of money : if you do n’t , you get virtually nothing .
Life ’s not much fun , frankly , so I ’d quite happily trade in that struggle .
What I find fascinating about the anatomy of the Culture novels is the dissonance between Banks ’s straightforward statements about the Culture and certain recurrent features of the stories he writes .
Banks talks about how “ nice ” the Culture is , and yet we see hidden cruelties and open desires for universal domination .
He clearly envisions the overcoming of scarcity as the signal achievement of the civilization made by the Minds , and yet he focuses time and again on objects of unfulfilled desire .
He is aware that the very language of the Culture is a subtle but immensely powerful training in “ correct ” ideology .
To some extent these oddities are , like the dominance of Contact , the inevitable consequence of the decision to write novels about the Culture .
It is not possible to come up with stories as such about people who are perfectly nice and can have everything they want instantly .
But one might also say that people of whom no stories can be told are not really people in any sense recognizable to us ; and the lives that they experience are not lives in any sense recognizable to us .
In this sense the conceit of Ursula K. Le Guin ’s “ The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas ” is more complex than it seems at first to be : yes , it asks us what price we would be willing to pay for perfect happiness and social harmony ; but it also may suggest that that one poor miserable child in the closet creates meaning for all the others — gives their contentment a necessary contextual frame .
Maybe those residents of Omelas who do not walk away , who accept the necessity of the child ’s suffering , are all the happier because they see the contrast between that child ’s life and their own .
This is a worrisome thought : that even the happiest of lives , or especially the happiest of lives , depend on the existence of conflict and suffering somewhere .
This is a darker view of the human condition than one which simply affirms that contentment only comes in its truest form after struggle or suffering are overcome .
But in either case , it seems we are more wrapped up in “ that struggle ” than Banks wants to admit ; and it seems that his novels themselves acknowledge what he would prefer not to .
An early edition of another Le Guin novel , The Dispossessed ( 1974 ) , featured the tagline “ The magnificent epic of an ambiguous utopia ” ; those last three words eventually found their way to the title page of some later editions .
This , Le Guin ’s finest novel , also concerns scarcity and its management : the planet Anarres is organized as a set of anarchistic communes with no central government .
All goods are shared more or less equally , which is not only the philosophical choice of the society ’s founders but is practically necessary because on such a barren planet , so generally inhospitable to life , any alternative would lead to the deaths of many .
You could say that the scarcity of goods is what makes Anarres work .
But no environment and no social organization , it turns out , can eliminate pride , the desire for control of others , or the jealous suspicion of excellence .
The largely capitalist planet Urras is more hospitable to the scientific brilliance of the story ’s protagonist , Shevek — more welcoming of his innovative thought — but its rank inequalities and stratifications disgust him .
Anarres is in the end preferable , though flawed .
It was built to be a utopia , but like all utopias it remains an ambiguous one .
The same is true , then , of the Culture .
Banks would “ trade in [ the ] struggle ” that characterizes our lives in this our decidedly non-utopian world , but the passages from his novels that I have called attention to show that there is a trade to be made :
Banks knows that not all struggles are boring or pointless , as do the citizens of the Culture who try to restore unpredictability and drama to their lives .
Indeed , the very existence of Contact and its Special Circumstances unit expresses this need for struggle , as Banks himself has written :
The average Culture person — human or machine — knows that they are lucky to be where they are when they are .
Part of their education , both initially and continually , comprises the understanding that beings less fortunate — though no less intellectually or morally worthy — than themselves have suffered and , elsewhere , are still suffering .
For the Culture to continue without terminal decadence , the point needs to be made , regularly , that its easy hedonism is not some ground - state of nature , but something desirable , assiduously worked for in the past , not necessarily easily attained , and requiring appreciation and maintenance both in the present and the future .
So Banks is willing , even eager , to trade our world for the Culture — but he recognizes that trade as a wager , the kind of wager that people ca n’t make within the Culture itself , and he does n’t know precisely how it would turn out .
( Even the best Minds , as we have seen , ca n’t predict the future . )
And he makes it perfectly clear that a society without internal struggles will need always to generate external ones .
That is to say , Utopia requires enemies .
This is not a comforting thought for societies on the path to Utopia — or for those of us living in Utopia ’s galactic neighborhood .
Two Discs Hint at Massive Amounts of Content
On Thursday , Chris Priestly , Community Coordinator at Bioware , confirmed that Mass Effect 2 will ship on two DVDs .
The news is stirring great excitement in the game community because of Bioware ’s penchant for telling vast , sweeping , mature stories .
It is expected , given the amount of content that can be held on two discs , that the game will be much grander in scope than its predecessor .
According to Priestly , the two game discs will be shipped with both the Xbox 360 and PC versions of the game .
The Collector ’s Edition will contain a third disc , a bonus DVD containing making of films and other bonus materials .
Most importantly , however , Priestly ensured users that there would be no swapping of discs back and forth during the game .
Rather , Priestly said , “ Even though there is a disc swap , it occurs at a carefully planned place in the game ( that does not interfere with gameplay ) and is done once .
You do not swap back and forth .
1 swap and then done . ”
The plot of Mass Effect 2 will pick up shortly after the end of Mass Effect , and will find Commander Shepard searching the galaxy for a dozen of the most ruthless and skilled fighters who will join him in a fight against an alien force wiping out human colonies around the galaxy .
According to Greg Zeschuk , the co-founder of Bioware , the plot elements will be much darker than that of the first game , saying , “ If you recall , Empire Strikes Back was the darker chapter and that is how we designed the ME2 story and experience : to try and make the player reflect on the challenges of the character .
If you put ME2 next to the original it is definitely a darker , harder game . ”
Given the huge amount of exploration available in the first game as well as the ability to craft the world around you through your decisions , Mass Effect 2 should be a sweeping , epic RPG that will further push the envelope on how your decisions in - game affect the world around you .
Mass Effect 2 is being developed by Bioware and will be published by Electronic Arts .
It is releasing in North America on January 26 , 2010 and in Europe on January 29 , 2010 .
The standard edition will retail for $ 59.99 and the Collector ’s Edition will retail for $ 69.99 .
Sources : Mass Effect Forums , IGN
The bilateral relationship between the United States and China has begun to take on a more pragmatic and secure quality under the Obama Administration , a welcome contrast to the past , when the U.S. was mostly uneasy about the rise of China and China was often uncertain about assuming its emerging role as an economic and political center of gravity .
Though disagreements over the value of the Yuan , trade restrictions and human rights issues will continue to be present in the Sino - U.S. relationship , the exigencies of the worldwide economic downturn and the opportunities for cooperation in the development of a new energy future , are paving the way for a sustainable and productive bilateral relationship .
It is in this latter area — cooperation on clean energy development — that the Obama Administration already has laid a foundation that presages unprecedented opportunities for Sino - U.S. cooperation .
President Obama ’s meetings with the Chinese leadership this week give further impetus to the significant efforts by the two countries to forge a new energy future based on Shuang Ying the Chinese term for “ win-win . ”
Sino -U.S. Clean - Tech Cooperation under the Obama Administration
A sustained effort by the Obama administration to develop a strategic alliance on clean energy with China has been underway since the first days of the Obama Presidency ; these efforts already have produced a robust set of agreements on clean energy , energy efficiency and environmental improvement that will bear fruit for both nations .
Nearly every month this year senior administration officials have visited with their Chinese counterparts ; Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Commerce Secretary Gary Locke , Energy Secretary Steven Chu , Special Envoy on Climate Change Todd Stern , Assistant Secretary of Energy for Policy and International Affairs David Sandalow , Assistant Secretary of Energy for Energy Efficiency , Cathy Zoi and a host of other administration officials have forged significant agreements to realize the determination of the U.S. and China to end our respective roles as the world ’s most egregious emitters of greenhouse gases and initiate an era of sustainable development worldwide .
The principal bilateral policy vehicle for cooperation between the U.S. and China most recently has been the Strategic and Economic Dialogue ( S&ED ) .
The first S&ED held since the beginning of the Obama Administration took place in late July , and resulted in a Memorandum of Understanding ( MOU ) on climate change and clean energy .
The July MOU focused on strengthening the EcoPartnerships Initiative , which will enable sub-national cooperation in such specific sectors as plug - in electric vehicles , Smart Grid development and other sustainability business models .
From the initial policy success of the S&ED , the emerging Sino - U.S. strategic alliance on clean energy has developed further .
In July , Secretaries Chu and Locke , together with the Chinese Minister of Science Wan Gang , and Zhang Guobao , the Administrator of the National Energy Administration , jointly announced the development of the U.S. - China Clean Energy Research Center .
The U.S. - China Clean Energy Research Center will facilitate joint R&D between scientists and engineers from both countries , with a focus on energy efficiency in buildings , carbon capture and storage and electric vehicles .
Both countries pledged funds in support of this initiative and this week at their meetings in Beijing Presidents Obama and Hu Jintao substantially upped their pledges .
Most recently , at the 20th U.S. - China Joint Commission on Commerce and Trade , Commerce Secretary Locke announced the formation of the U.S. - China Energy Cooperation Program ( the ECP ) , an initiative of the U.S. Trade and Development Agency and the Chinese Ministry of Commerce to accelerate the deployment of clean energy in China through public - private partnerships , while advancing U.S. and Chinese commercial interests .
During the same event , the Chinese government announced that it would drop a domestic content requirement mandating that 70 % of the components of wind - power equipment were to be produced within China .
As we previously reported on RenewableEnergyWorld.com , this domestic content rule was the policy driver for significant growth in China ’s wind energy components manufacturing industry over the last two years , perhaps to the detriment of foreign wind component manufacturers .
With the domestic content rule removed , a new opportunity exists for international wind energy equipment manufacturers , including American firms , to fully participate in China ’s burgeoning wind industry .
If this is the leading edge of a more expansive access to the Chinese clean - tech market , the desire of the Chinese to have more robust technology transfer from the U.S. is likely also to become a reality .
Together those steps will accelerate the restructuring of the way that the United States and China produce and consume energy .
Less visible , but no less important to the nascent Sino - U.S. cooperation on clean energy development , is the robust dialogue that the Obama Administration has initiated with a diverse group of public and private stakeholders in the United States concerning opportunities for Sino - U.S. cooperation in renewable energy development , energy efficiency and environmental pollution prevention and remediation .
This exchange of ideas between the Obama Administration and U.S. clean - tech stakeholders has already yielded benefits to the private sector in part through bilateral discussions that have led to greater resolve by each country to allow more access to markets and technologies essential to the growth of clean - tech industries .
The Obama Administration ’s meetings with the Chinese leadership this week in Beijing furthered the steady accretion of bilateral clean energy cooperation .
In their joint communiqué , President Obama and President Hu Jintao agreed ( as we stated earlier ) to a substantial increase in financial support for the U.S. - China Clean Energy Research Center and pledged , in the words of President Obama , to work together “ to rally the world around a solution to our climate challenge . ”
As an integral part of the U.S. - China Joint Communiqué , Deputy Premier Li Keqiang representing the Chinese government and Secretaries Locke and Chu , together with U.S. Trade Representative Ambassador Ron Kirk and Ms. Leocadia Zak , the Acting Director of the U.S. Trade and Development Agency , representing the United States , entered into three new agreements : the { Sino - U.S. Memorandum of Understanding Concerning Cooperation in the Field of Shale Gas Development} ; the { Sino - U.S. Memorandum of Cooperation Concerning Establishing a Renewable Energy Partnership} and the { Memorandum of Understanding Concerning Sino - U.S. Cooperative Energy Projects} .
Demonstrated Leadership by the Obama Administration and the Chinese Government
As we have shown here previously , the Chinese government is pursuing an aggressive set of policies to restructure the way it produces and consumes energy .
These efforts continue to be refined and the goals expanded .
The outlines of the { Development Program for the Vigorous Promotion of New Energy Industries} , which officially will be released by the State Council in a matter of months , already are known .
Among other goals , the { New Energy Industries Development Program} reiterates China ’s goal of deriving 15 % of its total energy production capacity from renewable energy sources by 2020 .
Of particular note is the significant increase in planned solar power capacity in China by 2020 ; the previously modest plans of the Chinese to have 1800 MW of solar power capacity installed as of 2020 have been increased dramatically to 20,000 MW .
If past is prologue , China likely will exceed these goals well in advance of their plan .
As recently as September 2007 , the { Mid to Long - Term Development Plan for Renewable Energy} set a goal for China to deploy 5000 MW of total installed wind power capacity by 2010 increasing to 30,000 MW by 2020 .
But by the end of 2008 , total installed wind power capacity in China already had exceeded 12,000 MW and was on track to reach 30,000 MW by 2010 and a remarkable 100,000 MW by 2020 .
As is the case with the Chinese , a significant percentage of the Obama Administration ’s economic stimulus funds has been directed into renewable energy and energy efficiency .
The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 includes well over $ 60 billion in clean energy appropriations and tax incentives .
Though the Obama Administration also has taken a full range of administrative measures to address energy and environmental matters , to keep pace with China ’s clean energy expansion , it is imperative for the U.S. Congress to enact comprehensive climate and energy legislation as soon as possible .
Delaying legislative action will impede American industry from fully benefiting as the infrastructure of the new energy economy is developed in both China and the United States .
Clean -tech Success Stories
In late October , the U.S. Renewable Energy Group , Cielo Wind Power and China ’s Shenyang Power Group made headlines with the announcement of the largest U.S - China joint investment in utility - scale wind power in the U.S.
The $ 1.5 billion , 600 - MW wind farm project to be constructed across 36,000 acres in Texas will feature Chinese manufacturing ( A - Power Energy Generation Systems will supply the wind turbines ) and capital and American wind development expertise .
This true collaboration was made possible in part by wind energy provisions in the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act .
Similarly , Suntech Power Holdings Co. announced this week that it would build a 100,000 square foot manufacturing facility in Arizona .
Renewable energy investments in the U.S. by the Chinese are but one side of the coin ; on the other side are the enormous opportunities for American companies to participate as the Chinese spend some $ 2 trillion over the next 20 years to fundamentally restructure the way they produce and consume energy .
Some of America ’s most prominent clean energy companies already have found lucrative opportunities in China .
In September , solar power developer , First Solar , signed an agreement to build the world ’s largest photovoltaic power plant to date — estimated at 2,000 megawatts — in Inner Mongolia .
Massachusetts - based American Superconductor Corporation , which manufactures electrical systems for wind turbines , already has entered into more than $ 700 million in contracts with Beijing - based Sinovel Wind Corp .
Ltd .
A Path Forward
Though it may not coincide with the specific agenda or timetable of the climate change negotiations to begin next month in Copenhagen , a Sino - U.S. strategic alliance on a new energy future is emerging from the sustained and concerted efforts of the Obama Administration and the Chinese government .
Collaboration between the world ’s two largest energy users is the fastest route to ensure that the standards , technologies , financial resources and other essential elements of the emerging clean energy economy reach every corner of the globe .
This strategic alliance between the U.S. and China in fashioning a new energy future also will serve to create a new format for U.S. - China trade and investment to replace the old paradigm , which was thoroughly discredited by the recent worldwide financial meltdown .
Increased access to the Chinese clean - tech market , leading to more robust technology transfer from the U.S. will allow the bilateral cooperation in clean - tech to take root in the marketplace ; this in turn will accelerate the restructuring of the way that the United States and China produce and consume energy and set the stage for a reorientation of the trade relationship between our two countries .
Lou Schwartz , a lawyer and China specialist who focuses his work on the energy and metals sectors in the People ’s Republic of China , is a frequent contributor to Renewable Energy World .
Through China Strategies , LLC , Lou provides clients research and analysis , due diligence , merger and acquisition , private equity investment and other support for trade and investment in China ’s burgeoning energy and metals industries .
Lou earned degrees in East Asian Studies from Michigan and Harvard and a J.D. from George Washington University .
He can be reached at [ email protected ] .
Ryan Hodum is a Senior Associate for Research at David Gardiner & Associates , LLC where he specializes in energy efficiency and climate policy analysis .
Ryan earned a degree in International Relations from the College of William and Mary , and an M.A. in Global Environmental Policy from American University .
He can be reached at [ email protected ] .
Gigabyte Is Getting Its GeForce RTX 3060 ...
Four decades ago , it would have been suicidal to say a good word about Confucius in Beijing .
Confucius was the reactionary enemy , and all Chinese were encouraged to struggle against him .
Chairman Mao himself was photographed on the cover of a revolutionary newspaper that announced the desecration of
Confucius ’s grave in Qufu .
My own university ( Tsinghua University in Beijing ) was a hotbed of extreme leftism .
How times have changed .
Today , the Chinese Communist Party approves a film about Confucius starring the handsome leading man Chow Yun -Fat .
The master is depicted as an astute military commander and teacher of humane and progressive values , with a soft spot for female beauty .
What does this say about China ’s political future ?
“ Confucius ” bombed at the box office , leading many to think that the revival of Confucianism will go the same way as the anti-Confucius campaigns in the Cultural Revolution .
But perhaps it ’s just a bad movie .
“ Confucius ” received the kiss of death when it went head - to - head against the blockbuster “ Avatar . ”
A vote for “ Confucius ” was seen as a vote against the heroic blue creatures from outer space .
In the long term , however , Confucian revivalists may be on the right side of history .
In the Cultural Revolution , “ Confucius ” was often just a label used to attack political enemies .
Today , Confucianism serves a more legitimate political function ; it can help to provide a new moral foundation for political rule in China .
Communism has lost the capacity to inspire the Chinese , and there is growing recognition that its replacement needs to be grounded at least partly in China ’s own traditions .
As the dominant political tradition in China , Confucianism is the obvious alternative .
The party has yet to relabel itself the Chinese Confucian Party , but it has moved closer to an official embrace of Confucianism .
The 2008 Olympics highlighted Confucian themes , quoting “ The Analects ” of Confucius at the opening ceremonies , and playing down any references to China ’s experiment with communism .
Cadres at the newly built Communist Party school in Shanghai proudly tell visitors that the main building is modeled on a Confucian scholar ’s desk .
Abroad , the government has been symbolically promoting Confucianism via branches of the Confucius Institute , a Chinese - language and cultural center similar to the Alliance Francaise .
Of course , there is resistance as well .
Elderly cadres , still influenced by Maoist antipathy to tradition , condemn efforts to promote ideologies outside a rigid Marxist framework .
But the younger cadres in their 40s and 50s tend to support such efforts , and time is on their side .
It ’s easy to forget that the 76 - million - strong Chinese Communist Party is a large and diverse organization .
The party itself is becoming more meritocratic – it now encourages high - performing students to join – and the increased emphasis on educated cadres is likely to generate more sympathy for Confucian values .
But the revival of Confucianism is not just government - sponsored .
The government is also reacting to developments outside its control .
There has been a resurgence of interest in Confucianism among academics and in the Chinese equivalent of civil society .
The renewed interest is driven partly by normative concerns .
Thousands of educational experiments around the country promote the teaching of Confucian classics to young children ; the assumption is that better training in the humanities improves the virtue of the learner .
More controversially – because it ’s still too sensitive to publicly discuss such questions in mainland China – Confucian thinkers put forward proposals for constitutional reform aiming to humanize China ’s political system .
AN UPHILL STRUGGLE
Yet , the problem is not just the Chinese government .
It can be an uphill struggle to convince people in Western countries that Confucianism can offer a progressive and humane path to political reform in China .
Why does the revival of Confucianism so often worry Westerners ?
One reason may be a form of self - love .
For most of the 20th century , Chinese liberals and Marxists engaged in a totalizing critique of their own heritage and looked to the West for inspiration .
It may have been flattering for Westerners – look , they want to be just like us !
– but there is less sympathy now that Chinese are taking pride in their own traditions for thinking about social and political reform .
But more understanding and a bit of open - mindedness can take care of that problem .
Another reason may be that the revival of Confucianism is thought to be associated with the revival of Islamic “ fundamentalism ” and its anti-Western tendencies .
Perhaps the revival of closed - minded and intolerant Christian “ fundamentalism ” also comes to mind .
But the revival of Confucianism in China is not so opposed to liberal social ways ( other than extreme individualistic lifestyles , in which the good life is sought mainly outside social relationships ) .
What it does propose is an alternative to Western political ways , and that may be the main worry .
But this worry stems from an honest mistake : the assumption that less support for Western - style democracy means increased support for authoritarianism .
In China , packaging the debate in terms of “ democracy ” versus “ authoritarianism ” crowds out possibilities that appeal to Confucian political reformers .
Confucian reformers generally favor more freedom of speech in China .
What they question is democracy in the sense of Western - style competitive elections as the mechanism for choosing the country ’s most powerful rulers .
One clear problem with “ one person , one vote ” is that equality ends at the boundaries of the political community ; those outside are neglected .
The national focus of the democratically elected political leaders is assumed ; they are meant to serve only the community of voters .
Even democracies that work well tend to focus on the interests of citizens and neglect the interests of foreigners .
But political leaders , especially leaders of big countries such as China , make decisions that affect the rest of the world ( consider global warming ) , and so they need to consider the interests of the rest of the world .
Hence , reformist Confucians put forward political ideals that are meant to work better than Western - style democracy in terms of securing the interests of all those affected by the policies of the government , including future generations and foreigners .
Their ideal is not a world where everybody is treated as an equal but one where the interests of nonvoters would be taken more seriously than in most nation - centered democracies .
And the key value for realizing global political ideals is meritocracy , meaning equality of opportunity in education and government , with positions of leadership being distributed to the most virtuous and qualified members of the community .
The idea is that everyone has the potential to become morally exemplary , but , in real life , the capacity to make competent and morally justifiable political judgments varies among people , and an important task of the political system is to identify those with above - average ability .
CONFUCIAN VALUES IN PRACTICE
What might such values mean in practice ?
In the past decade , Confucian intellectuals have put forward political proposals that aim to combine “ Western ” ideas of democracy with “ Confucian ” ideas of meritocracy .
Rather than subordinating Confucian values and institutions to democracy as an a priori dictum , they contain a division of labor , with democracy having priority in some areas and meritocracy in others .
If it ’s about land disputes in rural China , farmers should have a greater say .
If it ’s about pay and safety disputes , workers should have a greater say .
In practice , it means more freedom of speech and association and more representation for workers and farmers in some sort of democratic house .
But what about matters such as foreign policy and environmental protection ?
What the government does in such areas affects the interests of nonvoters , and they need some form of representation as well .
Hence , Confucian thinkers put forward proposals for a meritocratic house of government , with deputies selected by such mechanisms as free and fair competitive examinations , that would have the task of representing the interests of nonvoters typically neglected by democratically selected decisionmakers .
One obvious objection to examinations is that they cannot test for the kinds of virtues that concerned Confucius – flexibility , humility , compassion , and public - spiritedness – and that , ideally , would also characterize political decisionmakers in the modern world .
It ’s true that examinations wo n’t test perfectly for those virtues , but the question is whether deputies chosen by such examinations are more likely to be farsighted than those chosen by elections .
There are reasons to believe so .
Drawing on extensive empirical research , Bryan Caplan ’s book “ The Myth of the Rational Voter : Why Democracies Choose Bad Policies ” shows that voters are often irrational , and he suggests tests of voter competence as a remedy .
So examinations would test for basic economic policy ( and knowledge of international relations ) , but they would also cover knowledge of the Confucian classics , testing for memorization as well as interpretation .
The leading Confucian political thinker , Jiang Qing , argues that examinations could set a framework and moral vocabulary for subsequent political actions , and successful candidates would also need to be evaluated in terms of how they perform in practice .
Far fetched ?
It ’s no less so than scenarios that envision a transition to Western - style liberal democracy ( because both scenarios assume a more open society ) .
And it answers the key worry about the transition to democracy : that it translates into short - term , unduly nationalistic policymaking .
It ’s also a matter of what standards we should use to evaluate China ’s political progress .
Politically speaking , most people think China should look more like the West .
But one day , perhaps , we will hope that the West looks more like China .
Daniel A. Bell is professor of political philosophy at Tsinghua University in Beijing and the author of “ China ’s New Confucianism : Politics and Everyday Life in a Changing Society . ”
© 2010 Global Viewpoint Network / Tribune Media Services .
Hosted online by The Christian Science Monitor .
--
Did this essay make you think ?
Join the conversation on Facebook !
We 're also on Twitter .
Features
Build the Language You Want !
Xtext can build full - featured text editors for both general - purpose and domain - specific languages .
In the background it uses the LL ( *) parser generator of ANTLR , allowing to cover a wide range of syntaxes .
Xtext editors have already been implemented for JavaScript , VHDL , Xtend , and many other languages .
Compile to Whatever You Want !
You define the target format to which your language is compiled .
No matter if it 's Java , C , XML , comma -separated values , or even a binary format , Xtext does not limit your choice .
And in combination with Xtend writing a compiler becomes easier than ever before .
Highly Customizable
The default behavior of Xtext is optimized to cover a wide range of languages and use cases .
However , every language has characteristics that must be reflected in the IDE .
Therefore Xtext allows to insert custom behavior for every single feature by replacing the default implementation .
This is done through dependency injection based on Google Guice .
Single Sourcing
The grammar definition language of Xtext is not just for the parser .
Many IDE features provided by Xtext adapt to your language automatically , so whenever you change your grammar definition , the behavior of the text editor is updated without any further code changes .
This includes complex features such as handling of cross-references , code completion , navigation , syntax coloring , validation , and more .
Incremental Compiler Xtext is built to scale , so no matter if you have a few source files written in your language or hundreds of them , the IDE remains responsive and reacts smoothly to any text change .
This is realized through an incremental compiler that maintains an index of the available source files for fast look - up of language elements .
An incoming Conservative government would take steps to cut the vetting database down to size and would balk at ' pre- crime ' behavioural vetting techniques .
Tory opposition to key elements of the Vetting and Barring process proposed by the Independent Safeguarding Authority ( ISA ) emerged last night at a meeting of the Conservative Technology Forum , which met in the House of Commons to discuss issues around individual 's ownership of their data .
The scheme has excited some controversy over the last few months , both for the likely extent of its coverage and because , according to leaked guidelines , it is the intention of the ISA not only to hold data on past criminal activity , but also to score individuals on the basis of their attitudes and beliefs .
Tory tech guru Liam Maxwell , who addressed the meeting , said that he was utterly opposed to the use of scoring in this way and that it was " just wrong " .
He added that while the Technology Forum was not a policy - making body , " we will be having words with Dominic " .
Dominic Grieve is currently Shadow Minister for Justice and has been closely involved in the development of Conservative policy on data and privacy .
MP Adam Afriye , Shadow Minister for Innovation , Universities & Skills stated : " An incoming Conservative administration would be keen to address this creeping tendency towards the idea of ' pre- crime ' . "
While this comment was not directed exclusively towards the vetting database , it would clearly have major implications for it .
Other speakers noted that dealing with individuals on the basis of what they might do in future lay at the heart of the Government ’s Onset programme , for young people – and that the EU had also demonstrated a disturbing interest in such approaches .
According to a report by journalist Josie Appleton , the ISA has decided to put in place a scoring system to be filled in by its army of trained bureaucrats .
Items will be assessed on the basis of " whether relevant conduct or a risk of harm ' on the face of it ' seems to have occurred " .
She adds : " The case worker will examine ... ' predisposing factors ' , such as ' those factors relating to an individual ’s interests or drives ' ; ' cognitive factors ' , such as ' strong anti-social beliefs ' ; and ' behavioural factors ' , including 'using substances or sex to cope with stress or impulsive , chaotic or unstable lifestyle .
Drug use , sex life , favourite films ' . "
The guidelines were leaked two months ago , but have subsequently disappeared from public view .
However , the ISA did confirm the intention to use behavioural vetting .
An ISA spokesman today said that it was " part of the structured judgement process " and " one element within a five stage process " .
He went on to say : " Secondly , as you rightly pointed out , the ISA can not comment on the purely hypothetical situation you outlined , ie what members of the Tory Front may or may not think or what may or may not happen in the event of a change of Government . " ®
Despite possessing perhaps the most valuable last name in politics , independent candidate Joseph Kennedy ( no relation ) is not a real threat to win .
However , will Kennedy 's potential to siphon off a few percentage points from one candidate play a deciding factor , as Ralph Nader did in Florida for the 2000 presidential race ?
Jeff Sherwood / Sherdog.com
Lyoto Machida
Light Heavyweight
Other contenders :
The rematch will happen a few months later than expected , but when Machida 's hand has fully healed , the UFC light heavyweight champion is expected to meet fellow Brazilian Mauricio " Shogun " Rua on May 1 in Montreal .
Though Rua would undoubtedly have preferred to get his rematch with Lyoto Machida in January , " Shogun " will have his chance to right what many observers feel is one of 2009 's most egregious wrongs on May 1 in Montreal .
While viewers continue to watch the shortcomings of Team Rampage on “ The Ultimate Fighter 10 , ” Jackson remains hard at work away from the sport of MMA .
He can be found on the set of Hollywood ’s “ The A - Team , ” playing B.A. Baracus , much to the chagrin of the MMA world that eagerly awaited his showdown with Rashad Evans “ The Ultimate Fighter 10 ” rolls on , but MMA ’s hardcore contingent is now well aware that Evans will not get his chance to square off with Quinton “ Rampage ” Jackson later this year .
However , Evans will meet up with a standout light heavyweight when he takes on Thiago Silva at UFC 108 on Jan.
2 . Much like his April 2006 encounter with Tito Ortiz , Griffin went nip - and - tuck until the final bell with " The Huntington Beach Bad Boy . "
Once again , the fight ended in a split decision .
This time , though , the cards favored Griffin , who got a much - needed victory and moved toward putting his loss to Anderson Silva behind him .
Mousasi further showed a fighting maturity that belies his years as the 24 - year - old coolly took apart Rameau Thierry Sokoudjou in their Nov. 7 meeting on CBS .
The real question surrounding Mousasi has now become whether Strikeforce can find worthwhile challengers to his 205 - pound title in a division largely owned by Zuffa .
In his Octagon debut at UFC 108 , Nogueira was absolutely dominant .
" Minotoro " used his boxing to blow away Luis Arthur Cane inside of two minutes and establish himself as another elite competitor in the UFC 205 - pound division .
To continue ascending in the light heavyweight division , Silva will have to topple another Greg Jackson - trained standout .
Having already felled Keith Jardine , Silva will now meet former UFC light heavyweight champion Rashad Evans at UFC 108 .
Cane stood on the cusp of potential UFC light heavyweight title contendership at UFC 106 .
That is , until Antonio Rogerio Nogueira laid waste to him in less than two minutes , sending " Banha " back into the general population at 205 pounds .
On the brink of becoming a light heavyweight contender , Franklin was victimized by a first - round knockout from Vitor Belfort in the UFC 103 headliner .
Though Belfort will now move to 185 pounds to campaign , the loss leaves Franklin without a clear direction in the UFC ’s 205 - pound division .
President Barack Obama told technology executives today just how behind the times the government is .
" Believe it or not , in our patent office -- now , this is embarrassing -- this is an institution responsible for protecting and promoting innovation -- our patent office receives more than 80 percent of patent applications electronically , then manually prints them out , scans them , and enters them into an outdated case management system , " Obama said a today 's Forum on Modernizing Government .
" This is one of the reasons why the average processing time for a patent is roughly three years . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Health agencies across Scotland have been placed on alert after a drug user who died in a Glasgow hospital tested positive for anthrax .
A woman who injected heroin is also being treated for the effects of the infection .
Tests are also being carried out on a third drug user and a number of other cases are being investigated .
Health officials believe the two may have taken contaminated heroin and an outbreak control team has been set up .
The woman is being treated at the Victoria Infirmary , where the man died two days ago and doctors are waiting for the results of tests carried out on a third drug user at the city 's Royal Infirmary .
We would like to reassure people that our purpose is to recover this substance in the interests of public safety .
It is not about targeting drug users
Strathclyde police spokesman
At the moment , the cases are not being linked , though it is known all three had infections in areas of the body they had injected with heroin .
Police and health officials are investigating whether contaminated heroin or a contaminated cutting agent may be responsible .
Dr Syed Ahmed , consultant in public health medicine , said : " I urge all drug injecting heroin users to be extremely alert and to seek urgent medical advice if they experience an infection .
" While this section of the community need to be on their guard the risk to the rest of the population - including close family members of the infected cases - is negligible .
" It is extremely rare for anthrax to be spread from person to person and there is no significant risk of airborne transmission from one person to another . "
' Extremely rare '
The health board said it would investigate cases of drug injecting heroin users with serious soft tissue infections now or during the last four weeks .
Strathclyde Police said it was vital that if there was a contaminated batch of heroin on the streets that it was traced and recovered .
A spokesman added : " Our number one priority is the safety and wellbeing of everyone in our communities .
Anthrax is a bacterial infection usually found in hoofed animals " We would appeal to drug users to come forward if they have any information that may enable us to trace its source .
" We would like to reassure people that our purpose is to recover this substance in the interests of public safety .
It is not about targeting drug users . "
Anthrax is an acute bacterial infection most commonly found in hoofed animals such as cattle , sheep and goats .
It normally infects humans when they inhale or ingest anthrax spores , but can not be passed from person to person .
The last death from anthrax in Scotland was in 2006 when Christopher Norris died after inhaling the spores .
The 50 - year - old craftsman , from Stobs , near Hawick , made drums with materials such as untreated animal hides .
Last November , drum - maker Fernando Gomez , who is thought to have inhaled anthrax spores while handling imported animal skins , died in hospital in London .
The 35 - year - old Spanish folk musician had been in the intensive care unit for several days .
Five people died and 17 others were ill in a series of anthrax attacks in the US in 2001 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
“ Where are you coming back from ? ”
“ The gaming store .
I just ran a D&D game for some people . ”
“ Oh yeah ?
Did you win ? ”
This is the sort of question you ’d expect from those people who somehow survive without D&D in their lives .
They ca n’t imagine a game that is n’t competitive in nature , that does n’t have winners and losers .
These poor lost souls , frequently answering to “ Mom ” or “ Honey ” but rarely both , do n’t see any value in a cooperative effort where success is n’t measured by the highest score , the most hotels , the fewest contusions , but instead by elements more intangible : “ How cool was the battle ? ” “ How memorable was the scene ? ” “ How amazing was that moment ? ”
All of this happens under the impartial hand of the dispassionate Dungeon Master , who fully understands the differences between competition and cooperation , who bears no ill will towards these players , who is n’t interested in dominating the players , battering them down , embarrassing them , showing them who ’s in charge .
I follow these tenants because I consider myself to be a players ’
DM .
Partly this is a result of massive self - delusion , but mostly it ’s because I can remember every time I ’ve seen twinkly delight in the eyes of a DM as he crowed , “ Critical hit on your character !
HAHAHAHAHA ! ” That always infuriated me .
Why does he seem so delighted by my character ’s misfortune ?
“ You rolled a 1 ? HAHAHAHAHA ! ”
What does he have to gain by my failures ?
“ You did n’t find the trap … and it explodes !
HAHAHAHAHA ! ”
I want my players to succeed .
I really do .
I want them to have that spectacular moment .
I want them to stare down the ferocious , slathering monster , and say , “ Wrong , hellish beast .
This is where your reign ends .
Prepare to die . ”
And I want them to win that fight .
Only … only …
Recently , I started running a new game assembled from total strangers found on the internet , and it ’s been a fascinating experiment simply because nobody knows each other .
There are no preconceptions , and even more importantly , there is no established trust .
In a game of close friends , you can expect a degree of trust , of patience , of forgiveness .
There was none of that here .
And it was justified .
They did n’t know me .
If I threw down a ruling that did n’t make sense or just seemed small and petulant , they would challenge me on it , and rarely with anything resembling grace .
Naturally , that would put me on the defensive , leading me to say things like , “ Hey , find it in the books , ” and though I did n’t come right out and say it , it was clear in my tone : “ Or shut up . ”
Suddenly , despite my best intentions , my game was transforming into a competition .
DM vs. players , and I was sprinting toward the jagged cliff of “ Hey , look , I do n’t think I ’ll be able to make the next game . ”
How did this happen ?
I ’m a players ’ DM , for crying out loud .
I ’m on your side , guys .
I want to tell a deep and thrilling story together , and instead , we ’re wasting time with stupid arguments about auto - failures in skill checks .
And thus came my epiphany , when the clouds broke and the sun shone down .
As a DM , it is my responsibility to exterminate all traces of competition .
It is on me to ensure it does n’t creep into the game .
If the players out - think me , I must acknowledge it , and with a smile : “ Yeah , I did say the villain was scared of water .
Okay , you escape in the rowboat , jeering at him as he stands helplessly on the dock . ”
If a player proposes an idea , I must not carefully parse every word to figure out how to warp the intent : “ Sorry , you said you were going to blast the closest enemy .
That ’s this guy , who ’s surrounded by your allies .
Roll attacks on each of them . ”
If a player misspeaks , or worse still , makes a “ hilarious ” comment at the table that was not intended for gameplay , I must not exploit it .
“ Hey , you were the one who said , ‘ I ’d like to see what the overlord ’s guards could do to us . ’
He cries out for his elite dragonborn guard , and they attack . ”
The best treatment for the “ must not ” situations is a simple clarifying question from me : “ The roof looks very fragile .
Are you sure you want to run across it ? ” or “ The giant ant nest looks very active .
Are you sure you want to approach it ? ”
Of course , any clarifying question will set off alarm bells in my players ’ heads , but that ’s only a problem if I ’d miss out on a good GOTCHA , if I run the risk of “ losing the game . ”
Finally , there is the reality that the competition comes from both directions .
Even if the DM is committed to being impartial , the players might still be into it for the competition , to put one over on the all - powerful rube - behind - the - screen .
Players can forget about penalties , ignore conditions , add or subtract gear as required , or ( always a favorite ) fudge die rolls .
How do I deal with this ?
Easy .
I do n’t .
I have enough to worry about on this side .
I do n’t want to have to run your characters as well .
If you decide to beat me , there ’s not much I can diplomatically do about that .
To paraphrase the lawyers , “ Better that a hundred lying , cheating players get away with it than one good player gets screwed . ”
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
At a hearing last fall , U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner told lawmakers that he and his team were working to put the $ 700 billion financial bailout fund “ out of its misery . ”
But some in Washington now see a second , backdoor bailout in its place .
On December 24 , the Obama administration announced it was extending an unlimited credit line to mortgage finance agencies Fannie Mae FNM.N and FRE.N Freddie Mac , which would keep them afloat no matter how high their losses .
Representative Dennis Kucinich , an Ohio Democrat who was an early opponent of Obama in the 2008 presidential race , thinks the move is backdoor way to help banks , and a congressional subcommittee he leads is investigating the Treasury ’s decision to cover unlimited losses at the housing finance companies .
“ This new authority must be used responsibly and for the benefit of American families , ” Kucinich said .
It “ cannot be used simply to purchase toxic assets at inflated prices , thus transferring the losses to the U. S. taxpayers and acting as a backdoor TARP . ”
That ’s exactly what Treasury is doing , says Dean Baker , co-director of the Center for Economic Policy Research in Washington .
“ This looks like the original TARP , ” Baker said , referring to $ 700 billion financial rescue fund , known officially as the Troubled Asset Relief Program .
The original bailout program , devised by former Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson , “ was a plan to help the banks restore their capital position by buying bad assets at and above market price , and that looks like what Fannie and Freddie will be doing if they are incurring losses of this magnitude . ”
The Treasury ’s announcement said the unlimited credit line for the two government - controlled companies would be in place through the end of 2012 , weeks after Obama would face voters if he seeks a second term .
The Treasury also said it was scrapping plans for the two agencies , which play a role in funding three - fourths of all U.S. residential mortgages , to reduce the size of their investment portfolios .
The 2010 limits on their portfolios , in fact , would allow their investment holdings to grow .
CALL TO ARMS
Kucinich is not the only one on Capitol Hill up in arms .
House Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman Henry Waxman , a California Democrat , said he does n’t like the idea of a “ blank check ” for Fannie and Freddie .
And Darrell Issa , the top Republican on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , called it “ a continuation of the bailout policies that have mortgaged away the future solvency of our country . ”
As the financial crisis unfolded in 2008 , Paulson announced that the mortgage agencies would get an explicit guarantee from the federal government : $ 100 billion each .
The Obama administration doubled that in early 2009 to $ 200 billion each .
Combined , Fannie and Freddie have so far tapped about $ 111 billion .
Until the 2008 announcement , investors had seen their congressional charter and existing line of credit with Treasury as an implicit guarantee of support from the federal government .
The Obama administration now hopes its new , unlimited and even more explicit guarantee will bolster investor confidence and bring private sector buyers back into the market to help hold down mortgage costs .
But mortgage rates are expected to rise in the coming months as the Federal Reserve ends its $ 1.25 trillion program to purchase mortgage - backed securities at the end of this quarter .
Freddie Mac sees the average rate on a 30 - year , fixed - rate mortgage rising to 6 percent by the end of the year .
Higher mortgage rates could smother any emerging rebound in the still - fragile U.S. housing market , and a further decline in home prices could likely create more foreclosures .
That would leave many banks with even weaker portfolios .
Banks could dump their toxic mortgage assets onto Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , since their portfolio loan limits are now capped at $ 810 billion by the end of this year .
They had earlier been set to be 10 percent lower than 2009 year - end levels .
Fannie said on December 28 its mortgage investments ended November at $ 752.2 billion , down 4.9 percent from the end of 2008 .
Freddie Mac ’s mortgage investment portfolio shrank in November to $ 761.8 billion , a 5.8 percent decline for the first 11 months of the year , the company said December 23 .
December figures are not yet available .
Treasury officials have said their move to allow unlimited losses for three years is merely precautionary .
But the Center for Economic Policy Research ’s Baker said , “ you only take precaution against conceivable events in the world . ”
He adds that it is hard to imagine that Fannie and Freddie would have losses of more than $ 400 billion from mortgages originated before September 2008 , suggesting the agencies are incurring losses on what they have bought since 2008 , “ which should raise a lot of eyebrows . ”
The administration said it plans to lay out a vision for the future of the two agencies in the president ’s fiscal 2011 budget proposal in February .
But officials caution against expecting too much detail .
← Tell House Progressives : Honor Your Pledge
Sign our petition to Progressive Caucus leader Rep. Raul Grijalva :
Sixty - five progressive members of Congress pledged to vote against any health care bill without a public option .
The Senate bill not only lacks a public option , but is an ungodly mess of corporate giveaways that will make healthcare even more unaffordable to middle class Americans .
It forces them to pay 8 % of their income to protected insurance company monopolies for a product they do n't want and can't afford to use .
The Massachusetts election was a wakeup call : America rejects this bill .
Now it only takes 51 votes to change the Senate bill , but the Senate still arrogantly refuse to do so .
Members of the House must stand firm in their commitment and vote against the massively unpopular Senate health care bill .
Listen
' An amazing social X - ray ' : How the pandemic has exposed cracks in society
It 's been six months since WHO declared a global pandemic and COVID - 19 upended , re-shaped , and re-ordered our lives and our society .
COVID has created an inflection point , a " before " and an " after " .
So what will the new order ahead look like ?
And what can be done now to influence the shape of that new order ?
Psychiatrist Kwame McKenzie , sociologist Scott Schiemann , economist Lindsay Tedds weigh in on the seismic changes buffeting us and how they 're going to play out in the months and years ahead .
TMZ reports that Brad Ferro has " 30 days to pack up his stuff and split from North Queens Community High School . "
Because apparently his original assault charge last summer was n't enough .
Who says reality TV is useless to society ?
[ TMZ ]
Advertisement
Golden Sacks : 57 % pay rises for staff at Goldman Sachs ... as bank claims it showed ' restraint '
£ 10 bn pot is us showing restraint , says bank chief
But Obama warns : I 'll fight this culture of greed
Goldman Sachs was accused of living in ' Alice in Wonderland world ' last night after claiming it had showed restraint in awarding its bankers a 57 per cent jump in their pay packages .
The average employee at the giant investment bank scooped £ 308,000 in salary , bonuses and other benefits in 2009 , which is £ 112,000 more than they got the previous year .
There was anger that staff at the firm nicknamed ' Golden Sacks ' had won the jackpot while millions of ordinary workers pay a heavy price for a recession widely blamed on the irresponsible actions of the banking industry .
Pay day : The Goldman Sachs office in Fleet Street , London , where bankers willl receive a 57 per cent jump in their pay packages
The huge rewards were revealed on the day that President Obama launched a campaign to rein in reckless U.S. banks .
He said they will be forced to abandon their ' casino - style ' bets on financial markets .
He also believes they have grown too large and some may have to be broken up .
In a sign of his determination , Mr Obama said : ' If these folks want a fight , it 's a fight I 'm ready to have . '
Last night Shadow Chancellor George Osborne said that if the Conservatives win the General Election they will copy U.S. plans to limit the size of banks .
The Treasury said it would consider President Obama 's comments ' very carefully ' .
Announcing the pay and bonus figures , Goldman Sachs 's chief financial officer David Viniar repeatedly insisted that the U.S. bank had shown ' restraint ' .
He said it had donated £ 320 million of its bonus pot to charity , while Britain 's new supertax on bonuses means that Goldman 's 5,500 London staff are getting smaller payouts than counterparts elsewhere .
Angry : A protester demonstrates outside the headquarters of Goldman Sachs in New York yesterday
He said : ' We are not blind to the economic environment and the pain and suffering that is still going on around the world .
' We 're not deaf to the calls for restraint .
We heard them . '
In total , the bank paid out £ 10 billion in salaries , bonuses and other benefits in 2009 .
This is equal to an average of £ 308,000 for each member of its workforce , which has shrunk to 32,500 over the last year .
In 2008 , the total figure was £ 6.75 billion , or £ 196,000 per worker .
By comparison , workers in the British private sector earn an average of £ 25,000 , and many were hit by pay cuts over the last year .
John McFall , a Labour MP and chairman of the influential Treasury Select Committee , said he was ' incredulous ' at the size of the Goldman Sachs handouts .
He said : ' People will think they 're living in Alice in Wonderland world . '
Brendan Barber , general secretary of the Trades Union Congress , said : ' Goldman Sachs wants us to believe that its bonus payouts are modest .
' But the truth is that we have set up an international welfare state for super - rich bankers .
' They pay themselves mega - bonuses when times are good and expect the rest of us to bail them out when times are tough , even though it was the finance sector that threw the world into recession . '
London - based bankers at Goldman Sachs are expected to bear the brunt of Britain 's 50 per cent supertax on bonuses over £ 25,000 .
Mr Viniar said the impact of the bonus tax could run into ' several hundred million dollars ' .
But the payouts will still appear enormous to anybody who does not work in the banking industry , with many scooping seven or eight - figure handouts .
Staff will find out the exact size of their bonuses next week .
Overall , yesterday 's figures from Goldman Sachs showed it enjoyed net profits of £ 8.3 billion last year , nearly six times more than the previous year .
LibDem Treasury spokesman Vince Cable said : ' Barack Obama understands that the bonus culture in the banking system has got entirely out of hand and must be curbed .
' The days of excessive risk - taking on the back of taxpayers ' money must stop now . '
He is calling for British banks to be broken up to ensure that taxpayers are not forced to underwrite unnecessary risks , and to make the system more competitive .
The development of Rogue Warrior has been tumultuous .
Beginning with Zombie Studios , publishers Bethesda were n’t satisfied with what they were making and took it away from them , scrapped it , and gave it to AvP developers Rebellion to have a go .
It ’s out , and let ’s not pretend no one ’s noticed , it ’s getting one of the biggest kickings ever .
But hey , how about me ?
Wot will I think ?
Well , I ’m astonished .
I was n’t going in blind .
I ’d seen the grim - toned FPS running at E3 and it did n’t seem likely that another six months would be able to fix something so obviously awful .
And while I ’ve not read any other reviews , I did accidentally stumble on this list of review scores on the official forums when searching for some manner of technical support .
And yet even so , astonished .
The premise :
The supposed life of Richard “ Demo Dick ” Marcinko captured in videogame form , as you stomp through North Korea and Russia on a one - man mission to destroy their anti-nuke system .
The reality : One of the most dreary , unambitious , unimaginative and miserable shooters ever made .
Most astonishing is the length .
And I ’m conscious that I ’m in danger of enacting the opening monologue to Annie Hall when I say this .
It ’s two and a half hours long .
When I read reviews claiming a game only lasts so many hours I tend to be slightly cynical – yeah sure , Mr Bravado Pants , you and whose cheat code ?
But trust me , I timed it .
Rogue Warrior is two and a half hours long .
It ’s two and a half hours of walking along metal platforms and grey corridors , shooting the same enemies ( I think there may have been two types – one without a welding mask , one with – but it was dark ) over and over and over , without a moment of variety , deviation or challenge .
There ’s maybe seven or eight guns you can choose from , almost infinite amounts of ammo , and a health system that has you switching from death ’s door to perfect health and back again in seconds .
The gimmick is the combination of Marcinko ’s unlikely life and Mickey Rourke providing his voice .
Marcinko is , apparently , fond of swearing .
He likes to say things like “ goat fucker ” , while detailing how he killed a foreign gentleman with a knife .
So to celebrate this Rogue Warrior has the suddenly - in - vogue Rourke shouting “ goat fucker ” while you kill foreign gentlemen with a knife .
The knife , of course , is not available as a wielded weapon , but only appears when you do a kill move .
These are achieved by walking up behind an enemy and pressing E .
This then cuts to one of a couple of dozen near - identical sequences in which your bearded wanker of an avatar stabs the enemy in the face , or back , or both , or maybe snaps his neck .
It ’s context sensitive to the slightest degree .
If they ’re near an edge , you ’ll throw them over it .
That ’s about it .
These kill moves are all the game has .
And they ’re something a dozen other games have done before , and far better .
Perhaps most notably Volition ’s mediocre The Punisher , where they were unique to the situation and enormously more gruesome .
Here , while poorly rendered blood spurts out , no wound is created , no real gore occurs .
It ’s cheap , lazy , and somewhat unpleasant .
The range of weapons is just plain strange .
Despite a number of models , everything is pretty much the same to use , other than the silenced pistol ( useless ) and one slightly meatier weapon ( least available ) .
And they all feel a lot less like firing bullets out of a gun , and a lot more like spilling soup out of a sock .
Headshots appear to do nothing special , enemies taking a random number of hits to go down no matter where you aim .
Some will fall dead when you clip a limb , others will survive long sprays of machine gun fire to the face and chest .
And there ’s literally nothing else to do .
You only shoot at the enemies , then run into the next miserable room .
There ’s not a puzzle , a scripted sequence , hell , even a train ride ( despite many trains in the area ) – just a tedious , yet short - lived , row of shooting galleries .
And even this is hilariously inept .
Each of the tiny missions begins with every enemy comically stood facing away from you so you can be sure to do some kill moves .
Maybe they ’re fixing machines , or staring blankly at the nothing in front of them , apparently deaf to your clanging arrival .
Then about a third of the way in to each level they ’re all now facing your way and it ’s gun time .
None are surprised by your arrival , none are idling , simply existing to already be shooting at you when you open a door or turn a corner .
So my favourite moment of the game came before I ’d updated my graphics drivers .
Without the latest set it caused items in the game world to be randomly replaced by others – for example , an enemy ’s head being replaced by a concrete bench .
Or a dying man ’s hat growing into a lamp post .
That was , by a stretch , the most entertaining thing that happened in the half an afternoon spent with this nonsense .
Once this was fixed , however , the rest of the failures become more apparent .
Despite running an engine that looks a good five years out of date ( although I should stress , far better on PC than the 360 code shown at E3 , that looked like early generation PS2 ) , it ca n’t cope .
There ’s no anti-aliasing or V - syncing , ensuring it ’s doubly dreadful , tearing and jagged throughout .
And from my tech support investigations it appears I am far from the only one to find that it staggers literally every second .
As you walk in a straight line you can count the beat as it hesitates .
I grew used to it , in the same way you grow used to tinnitus .
I.e . You ’re damned grateful when it goes away .
Something else I ’m grateful has gone away is the swearing .
You might imagine it to be a redeeming feature , having Rourke grumble angry insanity as you play .
But there ’s only so many times you need to hear “ Goddamn dick - breath Commie motherfuckers ” before it would be quite nice to engage in some civilised communication .
Gaming Tourrettes proves quickly tiresome .
In fact , it begins tiresome , with the difficulty levels described as follows :
Recruits :
If you ’re a pussy select this one .
Regulars : Bring it on , motherfucker .
Elites :
Think you ’re fucking special , huh ?
Oh just go away , you children .
But maybe some sympathy is deserved .
If this game is a faithful recreation of Marcinko ’s life , then he ’s been tragically afflicted with the inability to jump or step over things .
Imagine what life must be like for him , forced to take enormous detours on his journeys if there ’s so much as a piece of pipe lying on the ground .
A few others bits and pieces .
There ’s no mouse for the menus – why would there be !
There ’s no saving , just a poor checkpoint system ( that the game warns you will be saving to your machine ’s hard drive , is that okay ? ) .
On - screen instructions reference the 360 controller ( my favourite moment was when being told how to use cover ( something you never need to do ) in which it instructed me to use the keyboard key I ’d assigned to enter cover , and to pull the “ left stick ” back to leave it ) .
I ’ve played worse shooters .
Really , I have .
The enemy AI may be rubbish ( they tend to either do the jack - in - the - box popping up and down in the same spot , or funnier , just run away for ages ) , but at least they do n’t run into walls or have always - perfect aims .
And there ’s no boss fights .
But it ’s just so phenomenally uninspired , so completely free of creativity , and so terribly executed .
And most of all , and I ca n’t stress this enough , IT COSTS THIRTY POUNDS .
The gall to release a game this bad is one thing .
To charge full price for something that is less than three hours long is unacceptable .
There ’s multiplayer , sure .
But good grief , why would anyone even think to bother ?
It turns out they would n’t .
Nearly two weeks after release and there was not a single other player online in the world when I tried .
Really terrible , and such small portions .
U.S. counter - terrorism agencies are investigating whether an American - born Islamic cleric who has risen to become a key figure in the Al Qaeda affiliate in Yemen played a role in the attempted Christmas Day airplane bombing over Detroit , intelligence and law enforcement officials said Wednesday .
Intercepts and other information point to connections between terrorism suspect Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab and Anwar al Awlaki -- who also communicated with the accused U.S. Army gunman in last month ’s attack on Ft. Hood , Texas , that left 13 people dead .
Some of the information about Awlaki comes from Abdulmutallab , the 23 - year - old Nigerian charged with attempting to detonate a hidden packet of PETN explosive aboard a Northwest Airlines flight from Amsterdam to Detroit on Christmas Day , the officials said .
Under questioning by the FBI , Abdulmutallab has said that he met with Awlaki and senior Al Qaeda members during an extended trip to Yemen this year , and that the cleric was involved in some elements of planning or preparing the attack and in providing religious justification for it , officials said .
Other intelligence linking Awlaki to Abdulmutallab became apparent after the attempted bombing , including communications intercepted by the National Security Agency indicating that the cleric was meeting with “ a Nigerian ” in preparation for some kind of operation , according to a U.S. intelligence official .
Intelligence analysts did not realize the importance of that piece of information at the time because the name of the Nigerian was not included and the information was vague and lost in a flood of threat information coming in , the intelligence official said .
Awlaki , 38 , emerged as a subject of intense interest and concern to the U.S. government after the Sept. 11 attacks , when authorities discovered he had been a spiritual leader of several of the hijackers while preaching at mosques in San Diego and the Washington , D.C. , suburbs .
Born in New Mexico , Awlaki spent much of his life in the United States before moving to London to escape intense FBI scrutiny .
He has been living in Yemen for at least five years , spending at least a year of it in custody .
Since his release , he has used Yemen as a safe haven from which to build his Internet site into a popular global forum to spread jihadist rhetoric and encourage attacks on Western interests .
The FBI has been investigating possible criminal charges against Awlaki stemming from his suspected attempts to spur extremists on to violence , including Maj .
Nidal Malik Hasan , the alleged Ft. Hood shooter , an FBI official confirmed Wednesday .
But counter - terrorism officials say it was only recently that Awlaki forged close ties with the Yemen - based regional affiliate of Osama bin Laden ’s terrorism network , known as Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula .
And he has done so at a time when the group has stepped up its terrorist operations against U.S. targets in the region and far outside it .
On Monday the group claimed credit for training and equipping Abdulmutallab with military - grade explosives for his suicide bombing mission .
U.S. officials quickly corroborated the claim .
The two officials and others spoke on the condition of anonymity , saying they were not authorized to discuss the ongoing investigation or the classified intelligence - gathering effort against Awlaki .
Evan Kohlmann , a government counter - terrorism consultant , said Awlaki had been providing fatwas , or Islamic decrees , endorsing attacks by Al Qaeda in Yemen and playing a central role in its recruitment efforts , logistics , strategy and communications .
More recently , he said , Awlaki has been instrumental in negotiating alliances between the Al Qaeda affiliate and powerful Yemeni tribes that protect it from government crackdowns .
U.S. authorities are alarmed by Awlaki ’s new role within the Al Qaeda affiliate not only because of those alliances and his influence on the Internet , but because of his familiarity with the United States , its customs and security measures , said the U.S. intelligence official .
“ The concern is that now that they are more of a global threat , that he will use his knowledge of the United States to help them , ” the intelligence official said .
“ Everybody is looking at that , certainly everyone in the intelligence community . ”
The FBI official agreed , saying that while there is no reason to doubt them , Abdulmutallab ’s claims are now being investigated intensively by counter - terrorism authorities on three continents as part of their probes into the Christmas Day attack and the escalating threat of the Al Qaeda affiliate to U.S. interests worldwide .
“ He ’s saying all this but we have n’t determined all of it is true ; whether [ Awlaki ] blessed it or gave the green light or was the impetus behind it , ” the FBI official said .
“ It ’s very possible and it ’s being investigated .
But it ’s also possible he ’s saying it to give himself credibility ” among militants who look up to Awlaki .
“ What is certain , ” the FBI official added , “ is that we share the concern about Awlaki ’s familiarity with the United States and the customs process , and that that could be something he ’s sharing with others .
He is the main subject in a major counter - terrorism investigation , so obviously the FBI considers him to be a serious threat . ”
Rep. Jane Harman ( D - Venice ) , chair of the House intelligence subcommittee , said Awlaki ’s role in the Ft. Hood and Detroit cases raised serious concerns , as did his potential role in the regional Al Qaeda cell , which authorities say has direct links to Al Qaeda headquarters in Pakistan .
Harman said an airstrike last week against suspected Al Qaeda targets in Yemen may have killed Awlaki , but U.S. intelligence officials tell her they have not been able to confirm that .
Some extremist websites have claimed that Awlaki is alive .
“ Even if we were able to take him out last week , that does n’t solve our problem , ” Harman said .
“ There are others in Yemen who can do us great harm . ”
The disclosures about Awlaki came as Harman and other lawmakers intensified their demands for more information about whether U.S. agencies had enough intelligence to thwart Abdulmutallab before he boarded the aircraft .
The plane and its nearly 300 passengers were saved only because his attempt to detonate the explosives failed and he was subdued by passengers and crew , President Obama said Tuesday .
Obama said “ there were bits of information available within the intelligence community that could have and should have been pieced together , ” which would have allowed authorities to flag Abdulmutallab as he flew from Nigeria to Amsterdam and then Detroit .
Two ranking House Republicans sent a letter to Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano with a list of 12 questions that they said needed to be answered .
Many focused on suspected lapses in information - sharing .
The lawmakers also want a report on what actions were taken by the CIA and other intelligence agencies after Abdulmutallab ’s father went to the U.S. Embassy in Nigeria in mid-November with concerns about his son ’s radical extremism and ties to militants in Yemen .
In the Senate , a senior congressional official briefed on the U.S. intelligence community ’s handling of the case said that the CIA did take appropriate steps to disseminate the information provided by Abdulmutallab ’s father , but that there were growing concerns about how aggressively the information was investigated .
“ I do n’t see this as an information - sharing problem as much as not acting on information with enough urgency , ” the official said .
“ Information can be available but it may not be acted on unless it meets certain thresholds .
What does it take , how much information is needed , until action is taken ? ”
josh.meyer@latimes.com
Greg Miller in Washington and Sebastian Rotella in New York contributed to this report .
The signals are growing louder that the Obama White House is readying its own health care plan in advance of next week ’s summit .
Press secretary Robert Gibbs fueled the speculation in his briefing yesterday .
Asked about the possibility , Gibbs replied : “ Stay tuned . ”
If so , it would be a sharp break from the strategy that the White House has followed thus far , which is to let Congress work out the details of the legislation .
As Steven Pearlstein ( one of President Obama ’s favorite columnists ) pointed out in this morning ’s Washington Post , that has been part of the problem :
Over the past year , Obama ’s singular mistake was to think he could rely on the Democratic leadership and a Democratic majority in Congress to deliver on his electoral mandate .
Caught in crossfire between the House and Senate , liberals and centrists , Democratic special interests and independent voters , he wound up raising too much doubt about his most fundamental promise — to change the way business is done in Washington .
Worse still , he wound up convincing members of Congress that he needed them more than they needed him .
It should be obvious now that the president cannot leave it to Congress to sort things out .
Right now , what is needed , more than a new policy , is something that can break the deadlock over process .
I got into all of this a couple of weeks back , and not much has changed .
House Democrats continue to insist that the Senate pass a reconciliation bill amending the Senate - passed legislation , before it will consider taking up the underlying bill .
But the Senate Democrats and the White House believe that is simply impossible to pull off , because even under reconciliation rules , Senate Republicans could bog down the measure with unlimited amendments .
So what Obama feels he needs now is something to change the dynamic .
So what might that White House plan look like ?
There are two schools of speculation .
The first is that the substance will not yield much by way of surprises .
Before the Massachusetts election put the entire effort on life support , negotiators for the House and Senate were pretty close to a deal .
One official told me that a White House measure is likely to look very much like the Senate bill , with a few changes :
It would be stripped of some of the controversial special deals , such as the now - infamous “ Cornhusker Kickback , ” and there would be instead a more equitable provision to help states deal with their increased Medicaid costs .
There would also likely be some kind of revision ( and probable retrenchment ) on the deal that was struck with the unions on the “ Cadillac Tax . ”
Then there is the second possibility : Triangulation , and a last - ditch effort to bring aboard some Republican votes .
What many Democrats on Capitol Hill most fear right now–despite Obama ’s promises to the contrary –is that this new bill would be a dramatic scaling - back of the whole endeavor , to a more piecemeal approach that would not go nearly as far to cover the uninsured .
At the same time , however , some suggest that this is a bow to political reality .
“ If he does n’t do this , nothing is going to get done–nothing , ” says one veteran Democratic strategist in the House .
“ Came across this in a box of family photos tonight …
As I ’m told , my mom was camping in Naples back in the early 80s and snapped this shot of another family on the campgrounds .
Note the man in the green shorts who was clearly the first one to pitch a tent . ”
( submitted by Katie )
Imagine we are using a matrix library , with a naive implementation of + , that simply adds column and row - wise each coefficient .
Thus , for a , m1 , m2 , m3 being for example square matrices of order n , if we want to compute the sum of m1 , m2 and m3 and to put the result in a , corresponding to the following code :
a = m1 + m2 + m3
then the computation will look like the following tree :
Thus , there will be a first for loop to compute m1 + m2 which will result in a matrix we ’ll call t , then another one to compute t + m3 .
For 3×3 matrices , it ’s ok .
Imagine n is actually 40000 .
Doing two for loops of 40000 iterations where we would do a single one … quite annoying , is n’t it ?
Actually , we would rather want an evaluation tree like the following :
Here comes expression templates 😉
It ’ll need a bit of refactoring though .
First , let ’s say our matrix type is the following ( we ’ll only deal with float to avoid ambedding an additional typename template parameter representing the number type we use ) :
template < unsigned int N > class matrix { float data [ N* N ] ; public : float operator ( ) ( unsigned int row , unsigned int col ) const { return data [ row + N*col ] ; } float& operator ( ) ( unsigned int row , unsigned int col ) { return data[ row + N*col ] ; } } ; template < unsigned int N > std ::ostream & operator < <( std : : ostream& o , const matrix < N>& m ) { o << " [ " ; for ( unsigned int row = 0 ; row < N ; row ++) { for ( unsigned int col = 0 ; col < N ; col ++ ) { o << m ( row , col ) ; if ( col != N - 1 ) o << " ; " ; } if ( row != N - 1 ) o << "
" ; } o << " ] " ; return o ; }
Now , we ’ll have to define a Domain Specific Embedded Language for matrix operations .
Like in any language people design , we will have a tree representing what ’s happening in the code .
In our case , it ’ll represent the evaluation tree of the matrix operations we ’re dealing with .
Thus , like in any expression tree , we need an Expression type .
Ours will look like this :
template < typename LeftOperandType , typename OperationTag , typename RightOperandType > struct Expression { const LeftOperandType& l ; const RightOperandType& r ; Expression ( const LeftOperandType& l_ , const RightOperandType& r_ ) : l( l_ ) , r( r_ ) { } float operator ( ) ( unsigned int row , unsigned int col ) const { return Operation Tag : : apply ( l ( row , col ) , r( row , col ) ) ; } } ;
Ok , now , what should an OperationTag look like ?
Well , we ’ll implement the operation tag corresponding to additions :
struct plus { static float apply ( float a , float b ) { return a+b ; } } ;
and the + operator that ’ll let us create an expression with a ‘ plus ’ operation .
template < typename L , typename R> Expression <L , plus , R > operator +( const L& l , const R& r ) { return Expression < L , plus , R>( l , r ) ; }
Thanks to the definition of Expression , we can embed matrix operations in Expressions , but for the moment we ca n’t do the reverse way , that is we ca n’t convert an Expression to a matrix .
So let ’s write an operator= in the matrix class .
// inside the matrix class template < typename ExprType > matrix < N>& operator= ( const ExprType& e ) { for ( unsigned int row = 0 ; row < N ; row ++ ) { for ( unsigned int col = 0 ; col < N ; col ++ ) { ( * this ) ( row , col ) = e( row , col ) ; } } return ( * this ) ; }
So you see , this is the only moment where we call the operator ( ) ( unsigned int , unsigned int ) of the Expression type .
Thus , this is the only moment when the whole expression is being evaluated .
Let ’s study the following code .
#include < iostream > # include " matrix.h " # include " expression .h " int main ( ) { matrix < 2 > m1 ; m1( 0,0 ) = 1.0 ; m 1( 1,0 ) = 0.0 ; m1 ( 0,1 ) = 4.0 ; m1 ( 1,1 ) = 1.0 ; matrix < 2 > m 2 ; m 2( 0,0 ) = 0.0 ; m 2( 1,0 ) = - 1.0 ; m2( 0,1 ) = 1.0 ; m 2( 1,1 ) = 2.0 ; matrix < 2 > m3 ; m3( 0,0 ) = 1.0 ; m3( 1,0 ) = - 2.0 ; m3( 0,1 ) = 3.0 ; m3 ( 1,1 ) = 5.0 ; matrix < 2 > a ; a = m1 + m2 + m3 ; std::cout << a << std::endl ; }
Here , “ m1 + m2 + m3 ” crates an
Expression < Expression < matrix < 2 > , plus , matrix < 2 > > , plus , matrix < 2 > >
instance .
The coefficients are n’t computed until operator= is called .
Indeed , we have the following expression tree .
That is , we know which operations we have to call , on which matrices , but nothing is evaluated .
The only place where we call operator ( ) ( unsigned int , unsigned int ) on a value of type Expression is in matrix < N > :: operator= , and this call actually computes each coefficient , one by one , applying the whole computation tree ( here , two calls to ‘+’ ) for each coefficient .
This way , we only execute the two for loops once , and it ’ll remain the same whatever the number of computations is .
Moreover , the only change we had to make to our matrix class was to add an operator= to be able to assign an expression to a matrix .
By the way , the output of our main function is the following .
[ 2;8
- 3;8 ]
I hope you enjoyed this post 😉
Police and firefighters in Spain have rescued a woman who spent eight days trapped in the lift of her apartment building , police say .
The 35 - year - old was found conscious but disorientated and was taken to hospital after she was found in the private lift in the town of Sitges near the north - eastern city of Barcelona , police said on Thursday .
The police were alerted by relatives in Madrid who had reported her missing , and then heard her cries for help when they visited the building .
Police said it was not clear how the woman , who lived alone , survived for that length of time .
The lift had apparently stalled due to an electrical fault .
AFP
‘ If these folks want a fight , it ’s a fight I ’m ready to have ’ : Obama
On the same day that President Barack Obama announced an ambitious plan to reform the US financial system , bankers at the largest Wall Street institutions indicated that they are already finding ways around the proposed changes .
Sources at three Wall Street banks told BusinessInsider ’s John Carney that “ they are already finding ways to own , invest in and sponsor hedge funds and private equity funds ” despite the proposed restrictions on those activities .
One unnamed operative at a major bank said his firm expects the reforms to affect no more than one percent of its business .
ADVERTISEMENT
President Obama announced two major reforms of the financial system on Thursday .
The first would see the US in effect return to the separation of commercial and investment banking that was mandated by law until 1999 , when that rule in the Depression - era Glass - Steagall Act was abandoned .
Many economists say allowing banks to be both lenders to the public and investors in large hedge funds and other securities contributed to the economic collapse of 2008 .
The other rule would limit the size of banks , ostensibly to ensure that no banks are “ too big to fail ” and require taxpayer bailouts to keep the economy from collapsing .
But Wall Street bankers are pointing to a phrase in the proposed reforms — that banks will be barred “ from proprietary trading operations unrelated to serving customers ” — as an easy loophole to get around .
John Carney reports :
The key phrase is “ operations unrelated to serving customers . ”
The banks plan to claim that much of the business in which it engages is related in one way or another to serving customers … .
A still more devious way is to have a bank ’s own employees be the customers who are invested in the internal hedge funds .
That way trading operations can remain closed to outsiders while the regulatory requirement of relating the trading to customer service is met .
Goldman Sachs is rumored to be considering this approach .
ADVERTISEMENT
TOUGH TALK
In the wake of a slew of criticism accusing the president of weak leadership on the health care issue , particularly in light of the Democrats ’ loss of Ted Kennedy ’s old Senate seat earlier this week , Obama sounded a tougher note on the issue of financial reform than he has been known for in the past .
“ If these folks want a fight , it ’s a fight I ’m ready to have , ” Obama said Thursday in announcing the financial reforms .
“ While the financial system is far stronger today than it was one year ago , it ’s still operating under the same rules that led to its near collapse , ” Obama said .
“ Never again will the American taxpayer be held hostage by a bank that is too big to fail . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Obama dubbed his plan to separate commercial and investment banking the “ Volcker rule , ” after former Fed Chairman Paul Volcker , who is credited by many economists for being the architect of the economic policies that allowed the US economy to thrive during the Reagan era .
For much of the past year , Volcker , who is now an economic advisor to Obama , had argued for a return to the Glass - Steagall era that separated commercial and investment banking .
The fact that a former Fed chairman considered to be economically right wing was pushing for these reforms was one major reason that the reforms began to gain traction among commentators and lawmakers .
ADVERTISEMENT
But news that banks are already easily finding ways around the proposed reforms will likely lead to questions over whether Obama ’s proposed fixes are tough enough , or whether any reforms can actually be effective in the current business environment .
“ This thing is about showing the public that Obama is standing up to Wall Street , ” an unnamed Wall Street insider told BusinessInsider .
“ So the rhetoric is heated .
But the implementation will require far less change than people think right now . ”
Great discussion among Prosper lenders can be found at
Check out recent posts .
See 'em listed below ...
LOS ANGELES ( AP )  Football fans and " American Idol " devotees can breathe a sigh of relief .
Fox and Time Warner Cable have reached a deal in principle that will keep the network on the cable provider after Fox threatened to pull the plug over a fee dispute .
Friday 's agreement , which included Bright House Networks , ended a week of public sparring that had some viewers worried they 'd miss Friday night 's Sugar Bowl , Saturday 's Cotton Bowl and Sunday 's professional football lineup , as well as an array of other programming .
Fox had been threatening to force Time Warner Cable and Bright House to drop the Fox broadcast signal from 14 of its TV stations and half a dozen of its cable channels as a contract expired at midnight Thursday .
MONEY FEUD : Fox and Time Warner Cable square off over fees
But signals were extended into Friday as talks continued , allowing more than 6 million cable subscribers in New York , Los Angeles , Orlando , and other markets to continue viewing programs .
Neither company would divulge the terms of the deal .
Fox wanted to be paid $ 1 per cable subscriber each month for the broadcast signal it had once given away freely from the stations it owns .
Other
Fox affiliate stations that are owned by different companies had already cut deals to be paid by cable operators for a fraction of that fee .
" We 're pleased that , after months of negotiations , we were able to reach a fair agreement with Time Warner Cable — one that recognizes the value of our programming , " said Chase Carey , chief operating officer at News Corp. , which owns Fox .
Time Warner Cable Inc. Chief Executive Glenn Britt said he was " happy to have reached a reasonable deal with no disruption in programming for our customers . "
Politicians and regulators had gotten in on the dispute , especially because
Fox sends its signals out freely on public airwaves on a frequency it obtained for nothing , with the obligation that it serve the public interest .
Federal Communications Commission Chairman Julius Genachowski congratulated both companies and his staff for the deal .
But Sen. John Kerry , D - Mass. , raised concerns about the effectiveness of a 1992 cable law that allows broadcasters to seek compensation from cable and satellite operators for their signals .
" I will reach out to both parties , the FCC , and consumer advocates to assess lessons learned from this dispute and what , if any , changes to law are necessary , " Kerry said in a statement .
Fox said it could no longer give away its stations ' signals to cable companies because the network is facing stiff competition from cable channels , such as the Walt Disney Co. 's ESPN , which earn subscriber fees on top of advertising dollars .
That dual revenue stream allowed ESPN to outbid Fox for high - priced events such as the college football Bowl Championship Series — including the Sugar Bowl , Fiesta Bowl and Orange Bowl that are now on Fox — from 2011 to 2013 .
Time Warner Cable , in the meantime , had vowed to hold the line on cable bill increases , and said the vast majority of viewers who went to its website , www.rolloverorgettough.com, urged it to " get tough " and fight back against higher costs .
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
section = politica nombre = impresa.politica
Ayudemos a Haití , pide Calderón a los mexicanos
El país caribeño vive una situación extraordinariamente grave La pérdida de vidas humanas por el sismo rebasa cualquier cálculo Instruye a las dependencias para que canalicen los apoyos requeridos
Contacta la SRE a 30 de los 80 residentes mexicanos en Haití Hasta ayer no había reporte de muertes de connacionales Comienza a fluir la ayuda humanitaria destinada al país caribeño Llaman Iglesia católica y legisladores a brindar apoyo a damnificados
Localización de centros de acopio en el DF Embajada de la República de Haití en México Presa Don Martín No. 53 , colonia Irrigación , CP 11500 .
Delegación Miguel Hidalgo , México , DF Tel : 5557 - 2065 Continuar
Envía la SG misión de ayuda a Puerto Príncipe Viajan especialistas en búsqueda y rescate
Se fusiona la credencial de elector con el proyecto de cédula de identidad El IFE será la única instancia emisora , se acuerda con la Secretaría de Gobernación
Sindicatos universitarios analizan una demanda conjunta de aumento salarial Los efectos de la crisis económica han mermado el poder adqusitivo
Caen ingresos de agricultores : CNOC Las alzas de 40 por ciento en los alimentos básicos , los ajustes a las tarifas eléctricas y a los combustibles redujeron en 90 por ciento los ingresos reales de los agricultores , aseguraron integrantes del Consejo Nacional de Organizaciones Campesinas ( CNOC ) .
Responsabilizaron al PRI y al PAN de la escalada de precios y alertaron del uso del presupuesto rural para fines electorales .
Este año las organizaciones del CNOC sostendrán una campaña de fiscalización del uso del presupuesto , apuntaron Iván Polanco , Isabel Cruz y Gustavo Sánchez , y convocaron a la población rural a no perder la capacidad de asombro , pues se extraviaría el control de la nación sobre los recursos que son de todos .
Isabel Cruz , directora de la Asociación Mexicana de Uniones de Crédito del Sector Social , puntualizó que la migración de seis millones de campesinos , el aumento de cuatro millones de mexicanos en pobreza alimentaria y el estancamiento productivo y de consumo en 30 por ciento en las comunidades rurales , son resultado de los equívocos cometidos en la política agropecuaria .
En una década la situación de los pequeños productores es ya insostenible , aunque tienen la posibilidad de aportar la suficiente producción de alimentos para reducir las importaciones .
Continuar
Año negro para el bienestar social : CAM
De no modificarse la política económica del gobierno de Felipe Calderón , el poder adquisitivo de los mexicanos al final del sexenio caerá 62 por ciento , advirtió el Centro de Análisis Multidisciplinario ( CAM ) de la Facultad de Economía ( FE ) de la Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México ( UNAM ) .
David Lozano , integrante del CAM , indicó que en la primera mitad de este sexenio el nivel de vida de la población se ha deteriorado en 43 por ciento , por lo que 2010 será un año negro para el bienestar social .
Sostuvo que si no hay un viraje en las políticas financieras , con los recientes incrementos –en energéticos , impuestos y algunos productos básicos– la actual administración federal rebasará la cifra de Ernesto Zedillo , que representó una pérdida de 52 por ciento en el poder adquisitivo nacional , y alcanzará al gobierno de Miguel de la Madrid , que fue el que en los últimos 30 años tuvo más déficit en ese sentido , con 62 por ciento .
Esto sería un gran retroceso , advirtió .
El investigador señaló que con los recientes incrementos la administración federal golpea el bolsillo de los mexicanos , sobre todo de las clases populares , además de que con los aumentos la inflación no podrá ser menor a 5.5 o 6 por ciento .
Continuar
Proponen reformar la Ley de Ingresos para reducir precios de los combustibles Legisladores presentan iniciativa ante el descontento generalizado por los incrementos
Las críticas a alzas decretadas por el gobierno , sin fundamento técnico : AN Insiste en que el propósito es anular subsidios a servicios públicos
Se crearon 312 mil empleos en 6 meses : Lozano Javier Lozano Alarcón , secretario del Trabajo y Previsión Social , afirmó que durante el segundo semestre de 2009 se generaron más de 312 mil empleos formales en México , gracias a los programas del gobierno del presidente Felipe Calderón para enfrentar la crisis económica mundial .
Continuar
Cabildea Gómez
Mont aprobación de la iniciativa presidencial de reforma política
Se reúne con senadores de Acción Nacional ; se esperan encuentros con otros partidos
Buscan plasmar en el artículo 40 de la Constitución que la República es laica Demandan sancionar a ministros de culto que induzcan el voto
Niegan licencia a diputada cuyo suplente es varón
Se trata de la perredista Olga Luz Espinosa
Trasladan a El
Teo al penal del Altiplano La DEA felicita al gobierno por detener a uno de los más brutales narcotraficantes
Se avanza en la desarticulación de organizaciones delictivas sin distingo alguno , afirma la PGR
Autoridades informan de 30 ejecuciones y 13 levantones en la jornada de ayer En Zacatecas , policías ministeriales persiguen y dan muerte a tres delincuentes
Arremeten legisladores contra abusos cometidos por militares Critica el PRI que se anuncien públicamente los operativos
La estrategia del gobierno es negociar con el crimen organizado : Buscaglia
El abogado , economista y académico llega a esa conclusión ante las acciones antinarco
Se pretende que antes de 2012 el cártel de Sinaloa se consolide y dé a cambio estabilidad
En Ciudad Juárez falta trabajo de inteligencia , según Ramón Galindo Para Carlos Navarrete replantear el operativo es una señal positiva
Murió el cura Gerardo Montaño Tijuana , BC , 13 de enero .
El sacerdote Gerardo Montaño Rubio , quien en la década de los 90 sirvió de enlace entre el cártel de los Arellano Félix y la alta jerarquía de la Iglesia católica , falleció a causa de complicaciones de una diabetes , informó Sigifredo Noriega Barceló , obispo de Ensenada , quien descubrió su cuerpo la medianoche del martes en la casa parroquial de esa localidad .
Continuar
Felipe Calderón da un trato distante a Leonel Godoy al visitar Michoacán El mandatario insiste en su discurso sobre las bondades de mantener la disciplina fiscal El gobernador subrayó que se debe trabajar conjuntamente por el bien de los mexicanos
La PGR resolvió no procesar a Jiménez Godínez por falta de pruebas
El fallo se conoció en la sesión del Instituto de Acceso a la Información
César Nava defiende a Marco Adame El dirigente del Partido Acción Nacional ( PAN ) , César Nava , salió ayer a la defensa del gobernador de Morelos , Marco Adame , quien enfrenta acusaciones de proteger al cártel de los Beltrán Leyva .
El líder señaló que se trata de infundios y señalamientos sin sustento , que intentan arrojar una cortina de humo hacia un mandatario que claramente ha colaborado con el gobierno federal en la lucha contra el crimen organizado .
Nava se mostró complacido por la aprehensión de Teodoro García Simental El Teo , y dijo que su detención refuerza una vez más que la estrategia contra el narcotráfico es acertada y los esfuerzos están dando resultados .
Por lo que hace a la modificación del operativo en Ciudad Juárez , mencionó que no cambia la finalidad ni la misión .
Lo que se modifica son los métodos y ello es acertado .
Continuar
Atrae la Corte los juicios de amparo presentados por los presos de Atenco Los ministros José de Jesús Gudiño y Juan N. Silva elaborarán los proyectos de dictamen
La CDI no cede a demandas de indígenas Tuxtla Gutiérrez , Chis. , 13 de enero .
La autodeterminación de los pueblos indios , tal como la reclama el Ejército Zapatista de Liberación Nacional ( EZLN ) , no está a debate en la actual administración federal , porque el tema quedó superado con las reformas al artículo 2 de la Constitución federal , efectuadas en 2001 , afirmó el director de la Comisión para el Desarrollo de los Pueblos Indios ( CDI ) , Xavier Abreu Sierra .
Continuar
Criminalizar nuestra lucha , objetivo del gobierno : SME
No aprobó a la comisión mediadora porque quiere reprimirnos
Hoy deciden trabajadores si asisten mañana a la cita en Gobernación
Los notables dan por concluida su labor en el conflicto de electricistas
No hubo aceptación plena de las partes en pugna , señalan
( CNN ) -- A Somali man believed to have ties to terrorist groups was shot as he allegedly tried to enter the home of Danish political cartoonist Kurt Westergaard -- known for his controversial depictions of the Muslim prophet Mohammed -- on Friday , police said .
The 27 - year - old man , who was not identified , wielded an ax and a knife and cracked a window at Westergaard 's home in Aarhus , said police spokesman Morten Jensen .
A home alarm alerted police to the scene at 10 p.m. , and they were attacked by the man , he said .
The officers shot the man in the right leg and left hand .
He was hospitalized , but was not seriously injured , police said .
Danish intelligence officials said the suspect is connected to al - Shabaab , al Qaeda 's ally in east Africa .
The incident " once again confirms the terrorist threat that is directed against Denmark and against cartoonist Kurt Westergaard , in particular , " said Jakob Scharf , spokesman for the Danish Security and Intelligence Service , in a statement .
Westergaard 's caricature of Mohammed -- which depicted the prophet wearing a bomb as a turban with a lit fuse -- sparked an uproar among Muslims in early 2006 after newspapers reprinted the images months later as a matter of free speech .
The cartoon was first published by the Danish newspaper Morgenavisen Jyllands - Posten in September 2005 .
At the time , Westergaard said he wanted his cartoon to say that some people exploited the prophet to legitimize terror .
However , many in the Muslim world interpreted the drawing as depicting their prophet as a terrorist .
Over the years , Danish authorities have arrested other suspects who allegedly plotted against Westergaard 's life .
After three such arrests were made in February 2008 , Westergaard issued a statement , saying , " Of course I fear for my life after the Danish Security and Intelligence Service informed me of the concrete plans of certain people to kill me .
However , I have turned fear into anger and indignation .
It has made me angry that a perfectly normal everyday activity which I used to do by the thousand was abused to set off such madness . "
Scharf said authorities have taken measures to ensure Westergaard 's safety , and that the protection has " proven effective . "
The alternative to threatening with global thermonuclear warfare , should the Fed not get its way , is , of course , the Fed congratulating itself for its heroic activities that , in some interpretation of the quantum " multiple worlds hypothesis " theory , prevented certain [ un ] told destruction .
Only problem is , of course , what the Fed prevented is merely wiping out the equity and subordinated bondholders in the GSE and the big banks , the preservation of whose perpetual bid for US Treasuries is and has always been the number one purpose of the Fed , so that the US can continue funding it ever increasing budget deficit .
Yet a reminder of just how stunted logical thought is at the Fed , here is the Fed 's Thomas Baxter , pulling a terrific Colonel Jessup , telling all that by bailing out AIG , the Fed should receive humanitarian of the century award , and a purple heart on top , for all the heat that Fed SVP Sarah Dahlgren should and will receive in Congressional testimony relatively soon .
The actions taken by the Federal Reserve and its New York office to rescue American International Group Inc. ( AIG ) were necessary to avoid the " potentially catastrophic consequences " of a failure by the insurer , a top official plans to tell lawmakers Wednesday .
Thomas Baxter , the general counsel for the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , defended the actions by government officials to stem a major cash bleed at the insurer in November 2008 by reaching agreement with over a dozen banks to tear up $ 62 billion in insurance contracts .
In prepared remarks for a Wednesday hearing before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , Baxter said officials had little time and leverage as they scrambled to prevent AIG from spiraling towards bankruptcy .
After stepping in to rescue the insurer in September 2008 , officials could not let the insurer collapse weeks later , Baxter contends .
And the kicker , from Dow Jones :
" This abrupt reversal of course would not only have triggered all of the adverse consequences for the U.S. and global economies that prompted the initial intervention , it would also have undermined the public 's trust in the U.S. government 's commitment to the broader range of extraordinary financial stability initiatives , " Baxter said in testimony reviewed by Dow Jones Newswires .
Way to extrapolate there Baxter .
In other words , the TBTF paradigm will never change - not only will equity prices be preserved in perpetuity to prevent the kleptocrats from seeing an impairment on the bonuses , but any impairment on fin sub debt is completely out of the question - surely antagonizing sub debt lenders , and particularly those of the GSEs , will result in the universe imploding into a Fed - sponsored ball of hyperinflationary bullshit .
Dear America - these are the megalomaniacs that will continue stealing all of your hard - earned money , long after Obama , and his promise of a tangible change , is long forgotten .
Please enjoy .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Ten international aid groups say a 2005 peace deal in Sudan is on the verge of collapse and that the world must act now to prevent renewed conflict .
The agencies blamed a " lethal cocktail " of rising violence , chronic poverty and political tensions .
The oil - rich south is due to hold a referendum on independence in 2011 .
The peace deal five years ago ended a 22 - year civil war that left some 1.5 million people dead .
The region remains one of the poorest areas of the world .
The peace deal saw President Omar al - Bashir 's northern National Congress Party ( NCP ) enter government with the Sudan People 's Liberation Movement ( SPLM ) rebels from the south .
But tensions are again rising between the former enemies in the run-up to the referendum and April 's general election - the first nationwide poll for 24 years .
The SPLM has accused the NCP of stirring up ethnic violence in the south to destabilise the region ahead of the polls - charges the northern party denies .
More people died from violence in southern Sudan last year than in Darfur .
South ' deteriorating '
In their report , the aid agencies cite disputes over Sudan 's oil resources , April 's election and the independence referendum as potential flashpoints .
The situation is not as good as we were expecting after the signature of the comprehensive peace agreement
Omar Muhammad Siddiq
Sudanese ambassador in London
A return to conflict would have devastating consequences extending far beyond southern Sudan , they say .
The BBC's James Copnall in the Sudanese capital , Khartoum , says the country is clearly at the start of a highly charged and risky 12 months .
However , he says that there is a heavy international presence in the country - unlike previous crises the country has gone through .
The strength of the UN peacekeeping mission has yet to be tested , but almost 10,000 military personnel are charged with keeping the peace in the south , he says .
Sudan 's ambassador to London , Omar Muhammad Siddiq , acknowledged that the situation in southern Sudan was " deteriorating " .
He said communities were competing for scarce resources and were arming themselves and fighting " tribal wars " .
" The situation is not as good as we were expecting after the signature of the comprehensive peace agreement , " he said .
South Sudan awaits oil bonanza Could clashes herald return to war ?
However , he argued that the unrest would not affect the election , in which he said parties and voters were preparing to participate .
Meanwhile , the UK says it has pledged £ 54 m ( $ 87 m ) in aid to help rebuild southern Sudan and prepare for April 's elections .
British Foreign Office minister Glenys Kinnock , who is due to visit Sudan , noted that many Sudanese still live in poverty .
" They are doing disastrously , and that is reflected in the terrible poverty and relentless suffering of the people , " she said .
But she added that fully blown conflict could still be averted .
" What we 're asking is for the leadership of both sides ... [ to ] ensure that they talk together , they work together with the same motivation , which is to bring peace and security to Sudan , " she said .
SUDAN'S STRUGGLING SOUTH Southern Sudan All Sudan
Population : 7.5 m to 9.7 m Population : 42.2 m Area : 640,000 sq km Area : 2.5 m sq km Maternal mortality : 1,700 deaths per 100,000 births Maternal mortality : 1,107 deaths per 100,000 births Access to clean water : 50 % Access to clean water : 70 % Life expectancy : 42 years Life expectancy : 58.92 years Sources : CIA , UN , UNFPA
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The All - Star Rodeo Challenge came to Madison , WI last weekend , and the farmer took me and my kids .
I was not thrilled about going , but I try to be open - minded when it comes to stuff that is new to me that I am not ever wishing I will get a chance to experience .
I asked the farmer if rodeos are bad for the animals .
He said , “ City people probably think so .
But most farmers do n’t . ”
He told me that if I really hated it , we could leave .
I really hated it before there were any animals .
Before there were animals there was the flag , rising above the dirt ring , and the announcer saying everyone should sing the Star Spangled Banner to honor “ the flag that protects our troops , and our churches and our great country . ”
I looked over at the farmer for churches , and before I could roll my eyes , the announcer said , “ Everyone please rise in the name of Jesus and sing the Star Spangled Banner . ”
I told my kids to stay seated .
The farmer stayed seated out of solidarity even though he hates standing out .
It was a great moment of compromise for us .
We watched the rodeo .
There was a clown .
The kids did not quite know what was going on and they wanted to know why the cowboys had weird clothes .
But then Ronald McDonald came out — right into the bull ring .
The kids recognized him immediately , and then they realized the clown was not a cowboy ; with Ronald McDonald present , the world seemed to fall into place .
Then out came the animals .
In between cowboys falling violently to the ground , the announcer would say jokes like , “ My girlfriend says she wants to get married .
I told her I hope she finds someone nice . ”
The theme of the evening , in general , was “ real men get thrown off bulls and treat women like crap . ”
Until the women came out .
They were acrobats on fast running horses .
Sort of like the clowns , only dressed like Dallas Cowboy cheerleaders .
The most special time , I think , was when two girls did tricks on one horse .
The girls did not share a horse because the tricks are more difficult that way , it was more like the girls shared a horse to make you think they ’d be available for a threesome after the show .
Luckily , this was lost on my sons .
And the farmer acknowledged that this was not a family values kind of thing .
Okay .
So we stayed .
And then , the clown started talking about doctors .
He said there are 120,000 doctors in the US and there are 70,000 accidental deaths a year .
And there are 80 million gun owners in the US , and there are 12,000 accidental deaths a year .
Then he shouted out , “ So doctors are more dangerous than guns !
So Washington , keep your hands off our guns and our health care ! ”
I looked at the kids .
They were concentrating on their popcorn .
Then , out of nowhere , the clown brought out a wig , that had dreadlocks , and he put on a Rastafarian hat , and he started pretending that he was Barack Obama .
He said , “ I feel so presidential . ”
And he made jokes about whether Obama is a US citizen .
Why am I telling you this ?
First of all , it made me feel lonely .
I have heard the doctor / gun owner argument before , but not in a stadium , in Madison , WI , which is one of the most left - leaning cities in the country .
And I know there is racism in this country .
But I ca n’t believe that not a single person in that stadium yelled out anything after a racist joke .
I would expect , actually , that people would boo and hiss and throw things into the ring .
But no one said a word .
I felt lonely that I live in a city where this could happen .
I wish I could find a place where I feel like I fit in .
I think I find it , and then I do n’t .
And really , how could I even think that I ’d fit in at a rodeo ?
But I kind of thought the place would be full of people like me and the farmer .
Now I think I do n’t even know what that means .
Another reason the rodeo makes me sad is that McDonald ’s sponsors it .
My ticket stub says “ All - Star Rodeo Challenge .
Pre-show : McDonald ’s Cowboys 4 Kids ” .
Somehow the whole thing is more upsetting because it ’s sanctioned by McDonald’s .
And they know better .
My company , Brazen Careerist , just launched a company section in our social network .
The reason we did that is because according to Cone , 50 % of generation Y communicate with companies through social media .
And Jeremy Owyang , from Forrester Research reports that , “ In approximately two years social networks will be more powerful than corporate web sites .
Brands will serve community interests and grow based on community advocacy . ”
Today , young people see corporate brands as an extension of their identity .
This is why Facebook has been so successful with corporate fan pages — young people want to express themselves by linking themselves to corporate brands they like .
And , people who manage their careers well end up paying more attention to a company ’s reputation for caring about people and community than what any given job description is .
After all , a job description can change the day you walk in the door , but how a company participates in the world around it is not likely to change quickly .
Okay .
So .
I confess to being relatively close to the McDonald ’s brand .
I did n’t use to be .
I never ate at McDonald ’s in my life until I moved to Madison .
But in Madison , it ’s a long , cold winter , and McDonald ’s has great indoor playgrounds , all over the Madison area .
And each is different and fun in it ’s own way .
So we tour them all winter .
Also , now that I understand the beef industry a little better , I understand that McDonald ’s single - handedly cornered the beef industry , yes , but also listened to consumer outcry over animal conditions , and meat quality , and improved both ( by hiring Temple Grandin . )
So I like McDonald’s .
But today , I can tell you that if I had a job at McDonald ’s , I ’d be lonely .
Because they sponsored an event that teaches kids prejudice and hate and racism .
And if companies want to attract good employees , they need to be good corporate citizens .
Those are the type of companies we want to work for .
One of the most important changes in work life is that we do not define our career by working for one company — we change jobs too frequently .
Today , we define ourselves by the integrity with which we manage our career .
That requires working with companies we respect .
The integrity of individual companies matters more today than it used to — it affects the bottom line for those companies on both the consumer side and the employee side .
We watch corporate brands closely , to see how we will use them to extend our own brand .
Finally , since it ’s Martin Luther King Day , and since Psychology Today just published a study that says people feel better if they do an act of activism , I have a proposal :
We should each twitter today :
@McDonalds Racism is not okay and neither is hate .
Please stop your support of the All - Star Rodeo .
http://bit.ly/4AiXT1
UPDATE !
Here ’s a response from McDonald’s :
Hi Penelope ,
Thank you for bringing this to our attention .
This appears to be a local pre-show program in support of a local Ronald McDonald House Charities fundraiser .
Rest assured , McDonald ’s does not tolerate discrimination of any kind .
We are currently looking into this matter .
Jessica Thompson
Manager , U.S. Communications
McDonald ’s USA
In - House Installation
GALLERY
See the biggest collection of EverTune 'd guitars in the world !
We know you ca n’t hear these guitars , but if you could , they would all be perfectly in tune !
Looking at YouTube 's most - viewed videos of all time today reveals an odd intruder .
A four - minute music video named " Twista ft. Do Or Die - do you " tops the list with 79,441,058,538 views .
The number is obviously fake , but YouTube positions it at the top of the list , which will give the video a lot of ( unwarranted ) attention .
The question is :
How does one inflate the number of views for a YouTube video to 79 billion ?
And how long will it take YouTube 's admins to fix it ?
The video was posted by YouTube user LadyMC311 , but nothing on her profile ( if you 're able to endure the awful choice of colors that will make your eyes bleed ) indicates how this trick ( or hack ) was pulled .
Other videos she had posted only have a couple hundred clicks .
Screenshot of YouTube 's all - time top list is below .
If you have any information on how this trick was done , let us know in the comments .
[ Thanks to our reader Mohammad for the tip ]
In an interesting post on daring fireball , Gruber rhetorically asks :
Our desktop computers human interfaces have n’t fundamentally changed since 1984 keyboard and mouse / trackpad for input , overlapping draggable resizable windows on - screen , and a hierarchical file system where you create and manage document files .
Have you ever sat back , scratched your chin , and wondered when the computer industry will break free of these current interfaces which can be a hassle even for experts , and downright confusing ( e.g. click vs. double - click ) for the non-experts ?
Surely no one expects the computer interfaces of , say , 50 years hence to be based on these same metaphors and input methods .
What ’s the next step ?
I believe the future of UI will be boring .
Here are my counterarguments for Gruber and all who have faith that the future holds brilliant revolutions in human computer interaction .
It ’s a minor point in his essay , but I will happily run away with it , go much too far and beat it to death while its back is turned .
The good , but simple counterargument : the core metaphors computer interfaces are based on have n’t changed much in 300 years : text and numbers .
We have wide keyboards to fit all the numbers and characters ( including vestigial , emoticon fodder like ; and ^ ) we use when we type .
This is true whether it ’s twitter or a masters thesis or whatever it is we ’ll be doing in 2150 .
Language is goofy .
If you have goofy language you get goofy UI .
When we learn to think in binary , the door for cool UI flies wide open , until then we have a large burden of old interactivity to design for .
A more sophisticated counterargument : look at other machine interfaces .
Cars have had steering wheels for 100 years .
Doors around the world have had knobs for decades and probably will for our grandchildren .
Your umbrella and your gym bag have handles and probably always will .
Just because time passes and new alternatives surface has surprisingly little bearing on change .
Your umbrella might some day have a multi - touch interface on it , or work telepathically , but in the universe of all things , radical interface changes are rare .
Interfaces in general are boring .
Most interfaces in the world have a low bar : they need to not suck .
It ’s mostly only the interface designers that think the world will be saved by improving user interfaces .
Sometimes we ’re right .
Often we ’re not .
The idea of a door itself is a kind of human interface .
I ’m sure there is a door design group somewhere angrily ranting about the lack of progress in door design .
The fancy argument is that dominant design repels most attacks .
There are lots of bad ideas that were adopted first , became dominant , and have been impossible to shake .
The DVORAK vs. QWERTY keyboard debate is a canonical example .
It does n’t matter if DVORAK is actually 5 x better that QWERTY , the cost of relearning is perceived to be prohibitive , so most people never have the motivation to try , and there are huge reinforcements of the status quo ( e.g. people who teach typing classes ) .
Metric system vs. English in the U.S. is another good example .
A particularly retarded example of dominant design is electric plugs .
Studying why the world has 50 different plugs and voltages explains much about resistance factors against innovation .
Or world peace .
The scariest argument is that big change often does not happen for logical reasons .
From all my studies of actual paradigm shifts for the Myths of Innovation , often big change comes from the blindside , not some sense of orderly progress .
It ’s when things get fucked up and disrupted , someone goes out of business , a war starts , or perhaps an alien spaceship with working UI intact crash lands in Silicon Valley , that there is enough momentum to sweep away the old thing .
To be all cliche about it , black swans are a consistent source of revolution , more common that we like to admit .
It ’s entirely possible the key technology that replaces GUI will not be something invented by UI Designers : it may very well come out of the left field of some other industry , brain implants or something , where they did n’t know about all of this UI stuff we ’ve worried about for years , and we watch as they clumsily sweep everything we know into the dustbin .
It would likely take something like Voice Recognition , if it actually worked , which would free us from backward compatibility , no keys and no mice , small learning curve , providing enough momentum to allow big change .
This is scary because with the new wave , new bad assumptions are made ( like QWERTY ) that were minor at the time , but then as efficiency becomes important people ( especially designers ) see the oversights and the holes , but holes too late to fix .
There will be some stupid set of conventions with Voice Recognition , or whatever comes next , that the next wave of designers will blame us for not catching before it was too late .
The rookie trap designers and technologists fall for is confusing cool with useful .
Or cool with good .
3D user interfaces , gestures and VR or Minority report style UIs , things that have been mostly kicked around for 20 years have shown few tangible usability advantages in every comparative study against GUI / mouse anyone has ever bothered to attempt ( Look for them .
They are disturbingly rare .
Or were last time I looked ) .
The cool and the new sometimes have clear niche wins , but that ’s not a revolution .
And even if it is , we do n’t have to guess blindly .
There are reliable ways to study claims and shed some of the light of data into these kinds of debates .
And for all the problems with data it ’s , at worst , less desperate than following movie fueled fantasies .
The ego trap we all fall into is the obsession with the new .
We get bored so easily .
If things are n’t changing we worry something is wrong .
But we overlook how most of the world does n’t change quickly at all .
Most technology does n’t change much .
The wiring that powers your home , the plumbing that brings you water , the roads you go to and from work on , work in mostly the same way they always have .
This is ok .
Lack of upgrade is not a sign of failure .
Your genetic code is hundreds of thousands of years old , and seems to be working quite well if you ’re reading this .
It might just be more important to consider how the tech in question will make your dreams , or someone else ’s , come true .
If you worry more about then ends , rather than the means , revolution in UI is less important than you suspect it is .
I mean , I ’m a writer .
If a quill pen was good enough for Shakespeare , what do I really have to complain about ?
And the kicker is : I have n’t checked recently , but I bet the huge percentage of desktop computing time is still spent reading , typing or futzing with a mouse .
If I ’m right , and if you ’re sitting , human ergonomics dictates some limits to range of motion and form factors to reduce repetitive stress .
As long as these facts are true , well designed keyboards and mice are hard to beat , and even if they are n’t , they ’ll still be around for a long long time anyway .
Updates :
Top Biz News
Top 10 toppled executives 2009 ( chinadaily.com.cn )
Updated : 2009-12-24 09:11
Editor 's Note
: With great power comes at least some responsibility .
But not everyone with great power turns out a responsible person .
Some tend to abuse whatever power they have in their executive positions .
Here are ten stories involving some of the least upstanding members of China 's business community of 2009 – if they are guilty as charged .
Huang Guangyu - home appliance tycoon likely to face trial by year - end Tian Wenhua - boss of tainted milk producer gets life in jail Lan Shili , Li Zeyuan - airline executives under investigation Xiao Shiqing - head of securities firm detained for graft probe Stern Hu - executive arrested in Rio Tinto spy case Kang Rixin - nuclear company chief ousted for violations Yu Xiangdong - former Ford engineer accused of stealing designs Yang Shiming , Li Qingyuan and Ruan Juyuan - former execs of Jianlibao jailed for stealing from public fund Yang Yanming - the first person executed for corruption in China 's securities industry Wu Ying -- nabobess sentenced to death for defrauding
Huang Guangyu - home appliance tycoon likely to face trial by year - end
File photo of Huang Guangyu .
[ Agencies ]
Huang Guangyu , former chairman and founder of Gome , one of the leading home appliance retailers in China , is expected to face charges of bribery and insider trading .
Sources say investigations are close to completion , and the case will go to court by the end of December 2009 .
However , Yang Zhaodong , Huang 's lawyer , says the charges are yet to be confirmed .
Huang has hired several of the country 's top lawyers to defend him .
Legal experts say the debate will focus on whether the offense is considered personal or corporate behavior .
And this will have an impact on the severity of punishment .
Huang was detained on Nov 24 , 2008 , as he was suspected of manipulating share trading for two listed companies - Sanlian Commercial Co and Beijing Centergate Technologies Co .
Huang , 40 , founded Gome in Beijing in 1987 .
The company was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 2004 , and Huang was named China 's second - richest man by Forbes in 2008 , with an estimated wealth of $ 2.7 billion .
Related readings :
Ex -Gome 's chair faces insider trading
Assets of former Gome exec frozen
Huang shadow looms over troubled Gome
Retail tycoon embroiled in irregularities
Back to Top
Tian Wenhua - boss of tainted milk producer gets life in jail
Tian Wenhua , the former chairwoman and general manager of Sanlu Group , stands trial on December 31 , 2008 .
[ Xinhua ]
Tian Wenhua , 67 , former chairwoman of Sanlu Group , was sentenced to life in prison in January 2009 on charges of producing and selling fake or substandard products .
Sanlu Group was at the heart of the 2008 melamine - tainted milk scandal .
The company was declared bankrupt on Feb 12 , 2009 , because it was incapable of repaying outstanding debts as well as compensation it owed to families of children sickened by melamine - tainted formula milk powder .
The industrial chemical melamine can cause kidney stones and kidney failure .
At least six children were reported dead and more than 300,000 others fell ill in the scandal since it broke in September 2008 .
Related readings :
Former dairy boss in milk scandal appeals
Sanlu execs ' fate ' may be ' settled tomorrow
Two get death in tainted milk case
Court declares bankruptcy of Sanlu Group
Back to Top
Lan Shili , Li Zeyuan - airline executives under investigation
Lan Shili ( L ) & Li Zeyuan ( R )
Lan Shili , president of the bankrupt private air carrier East Star Airlines , was detained by police at the Zhuhai airport on March 15 , 2009 , while allegedly trying to flee the country to escape huge debts .
Lan was escorted back to Wuhan , where the airline is based .
East Star Airlines was set up in 2005 .
It was ordered by the authority to cease services on March 15 and went bankrupt on Aug 26 .
Air China paid 23 million yuan ( $ 3.3 million ) on Nov 30 to take over the bankrupt airline 's assets , after its offer to acquire all or part of East Star 's stakes was rejected by Lan in March .
Shenzhen Airlines , which is also privately owned , said that Li Zeyuan , a senior advisor to the company who effectively controls the airline , was recently accused of economic crimes and is under police investigation .
The airline continued to operate normally , it said .
Shenzhen Airlines was established as a State - owned enterprise in 1992 , but in a restructuring in 2005 , two companies owned by Li beat Air China to take a majority stake in the carrier .
Li's probe is said to be linked with that purchase .
Related readings :
Debt - laden East Star Airlines goes bankrupt
China 's East Star Airlines reveals $ 110 m debts
Air China 's Fan Cheng named to run Shenzhen Airlines
Shenzhen Airlines gets a Tianjin - assembled A320
Back to Top
Xiao Shiqing - head of securities firm detained for graft probe
Xiao Shiqing
Xiao Shiqing , former president of China Galaxy Securities , was taken into custody on May 13 , 2009 , in connection with a graft investigation .
Born in 1964 , Xiao has a PhD in management and joined the China Securities Regulatory Commission in 1996 .
In 2001 , he was appointed chairman of Orient Securities , but was recalled to CSRC in 2004 to serve as the deputy director of the department for listed company supervision .
In 2007 , he was appointed president and legal representative of Galaxy .
The case is also linked with the bribery scandal involving Wang Yi , the former vice - chairman of the CSRC and vice - president of the China Development Bank .
Related readings :
Galaxy ex-boss held for graft
Galaxy appoints new head following Xiao exit
Back to Top
Stern Hu - executive arrested in Rio Tinto spy case
Stern Hu
Stern
Hu , head of global mining giant Rio Tinto 's Shanghai office , was detained by Chinese authorities in early July 2009 along with three other staff members on suspicion of espionage and stealing state secrets .
Nearly six weeks after being detained by the Shanghai State Security Bureau for suspected spying activities , Shanghai procuratorate authorities formally charged the four with infringing on business secrets and bribery .
Hu , born 1963 in Tianjin , graduated from Peking University , and later obtained Australian citizenship before becoming general manager for China operations at Rio Tinto 's iron ore division .
Related readings :
CISA for unified stand against Rio-BHP alliance
Rio employees ' held for espionage '
Probe into Rio case expanding
Four Rio Tinto employees arrested
Back to Top
Kang Rixin - nuclear company chief ousted for violations
Kang Rixin
Kang Rixin , general manager of China National Nuclear Corporation ( CNNC ) , was removed from his position after being investigated for " grave violations of discipline " , the Organization Department of the CPC Central Committee confirmed in mid-August 2009 .
Kang was allegedly involved in a 1.8 - billion - yuan ( $ 260 million ) corruption case , according to domestic media reports .
There are two main accusations against him : appropriating public money to buy stocks , and interfering with the bidding results of nuclear power projects .
In addition , Kang may also have taken illegal money from the company 's main projects .
Kang had been the corporation 's general manager and Party secretary since September 2003 .
In 2007 , he was named one of the " Top Ten Gifted Managers of China . "
Related readings :
Sun takes the helm at CNNC
Busting the bribe tribe
China appoints new nuclear chief
China 's nuke chief ousted for violations
Back to Top
Yu Xiangdong - former Ford engineer accused of stealing designs
Yu Xiangdong
Yu Xiangdong , a former Ford Motor engineer , was arrested on Oct 14 , 2009 in Chicago .
He is charged with theft and attempted theft of trade secrets and unauthorized access to a computer .
The charges allege that Yu copied design details on vehicle components in December 2006 , less than a month before quitting Ford and used the information to hunt for another job in China .
Yu , after returning to China , first worked for Foxconn PCE Industry Inc , an electronics manufacturer in Shenzhen and then at Beijing Automotive Industry Holding Co , one of China 's biggest State - run auto manufacturers .
The indictment does not accuse Foxconn PCE or Beijing Autos of wrongdoing .
Beijing Autos said
Yu , who joined its research institute last November , was only engaged in " some basic research activities . "
Related readings :
China auto producers monitoring theft case
Beijing Auto plans own brand by 2010
Back to Top
Yang Shiming , Li Qingyuan and Ruan Juyuan - former execs of Jianlibao jailed for stealing from public fund
Ruan Juyuan ( left ) , Li Qingyuan ( center ) , Yang Shiming ( right ) stands trial on court .
[ Photo : nfdaily.cn ]
Three former executives of China 's one - time biggest beverage maker , Jianlibao Group , were jailed for stealing from the staff welfare fund to buy insurance for themselves .
Yang Shiming received an 18 - year sentence and Li Qingyuan and Ruan Juyuan were each given 14 years .
They were also fined 150,000 yuan ( $ 20,000 ) each .
All three were former vice presidents of the group .
In 2002 , the three were accused of embezzling more than 11 million yuan under the guise of purchasing life insurance , but had been released by local police after the Foshan procuratorate decided not to charge them in 2004 .
They were detained again early 2009 in connection with the Li Jingwei case .
Li , former president of Jianlibao Group , is accused of embezzling more than three million yuan of public funds and is still under detention .
Related readings :
Beverage executives jailed for stealing from employee fund
Corruption trial for beverage boss delayed on health concern
Back to Top
Yang Yanming - the first person executed for corruption in China 's securities industry
Yang Yanming
Yang Yanming , a former general manager of a Galaxy Securities branch in Beijing , was executed on Dec 8 , 2009 , for embezzling almost 70 million yuan ( $ 10.25 million ) and misappropriating another 25 million yuan , making him the first person to be executed for corruption in China 's securities industry .
Yang declined to give the whereabouts of more than 65 million yuan , claiming that the money he misappropriated had been used to pay bribes to public officials .
Yang was arrested in 2004 .
He was first sentenced to death in 2005 , and that judgment was upheld after his appeals .
Related readings :
Hunt for missing cash as manager is executed
Securities trader executed
Back to Top
Wu Ying -- nabobess sentenced to death for defrauding
Wu Ying [ Xinhua ]
Wu Ying , 28 , former owner of the Zhejiang - based Bense Holding Group , was sentenced to death in Zhejiang province on Dec 18 for defrauding investors of 384 million yuan .
Wu amassed the funds by promising high returns to investors between May 2005 and February 2007 , according to the Intermediate People 's Court of Jinhua city .
The money was used for Wu's personal consumption and to pay back loans and operation costs of her company , said the court .
Wu was arrested in February 2007 and indicted in September 2008 .
She retracted her confession in April .
Related readings :
Businesswoman gets death sentence for defraud
Ex-rich list woman in $ 57 m fraud
Back to Top
My thoughts about Windows , Mac , and Linux ... and other topics I 'm inclined to discuss
Kolkata is set to give Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) patriarch Jyoti Basu the Red Salute on Tuesday .
United Progressive Alliance chairperson Sonia Gandhi , Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina , Union Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee and Bharatiya Janata Party leader Lal Krishna Advani , are among dignitaries who are expected to arrive here to pay their tributes .
Addressing a press conference at the State headquarters of the CPI ( M ) on Monday , State Committee Secretary Biman Bose said : “ Jyoti Basu will be given a guard of honour and a gun salute on his last journey before his body is handed over to a city hospital for medical research as per his wish . ”
Among other political leaders who have confirmed their arrival are BJP president Nitin Gadkari , Union Urban Development Minister S. Jaipal Reddy , Rashtriya Janata Dal chief Lalu Prasad Yadav and Janata Dal ( United ) leader Sharad Yadav .
Mr. Bose said that while all members of the CPI ( M ) ’s Polit Bureau , the Central Committee and the State Committee would be at the party headquarters , other dignitaries from home and abroad would pay their homage at the State Assembly building where his body would be kept for five hours .
Consul General of the People ’s Republic of China Mao Siwei visited the party headquarters here and placed a wreath .
He wrote in the condolence book : “ Deepest condolence for the passing away of India ’s greatest Communist and China ’s great friend , Comrade Jyoti Basu . ”
The CPI ( M ) will take out silent mourning processions in every part of West Bengal from January 19 to 24 , and the Left Front Committee would organise a commemoration on January 24 here , Mr. Bose said .
Change in schedule
In a change in the schedule already announced , the body will be first taken from the funeral parlour to the party headquarters at 31 Alimuddin Street .
From there it will be taken to the State Secretariat , where the Chief Minister and the Chief Secretary will pay their last respects .
Then the body will be taken to the State Assembly for the public to file past .
The body will be next taken to ‘ Mohor Kunja , ’ where a guard of honour will be offered .
Then the hospital authorities will take over .
A platform is being built on the stairs of the West Veranda of the State Assembly to keep the body for the dignitaries and the public to pay their respects .
Jyoti Basu had entered the Assembly for the first time as an elected legislator 65 years ago .
Informed sources in the Kolkata Police said adequate measures had been taken for the smooth conduct of the state funeral : some 2,000 additional policemen will be deployed .
Mourners
PTI reports :
A stream of mourners lined up before the CPI ( M ) headquarters and Indira Bhavan on Monday to pay their last respects as West Bengal started a two - day state mourning .
A portrait of Basu was placed on a pedestal in front of the party headquarters to enable mourners to pay floral tributes .
Mourners with bouquets and garlands also gathered in front of Indira Bhavan at Salt Lake .
Happy New Year .
Your tax bill just went way up .
When the clock hit midnight on Jan. 1 , some 70 new taxes on the middle class and small businesses went into effect , thanks to Congress 's failure to prevent the expiration of popular and economically vital tax breaks on time .
So some 25 million middle class Americans are now slated to get hit with the alternative minimum tax ( AMT ) this year .
Remember :
This is the tax that was originally supposed to only hit the richest 100 Americans .
This ...
Beautiful colour shots of the streets of Dublin 50 years ago ...
These fascinating photographs of Dublin streets in 1961 were sent to “ How to be a Retronaut ” by Donal Scannell .
They have wonderful colour and very good resolution - click twice on the “ expand ” button in the top right corner of the gallery view to see the pictures full size .
Its interesting to ask what it was that the photographer saw here , as the pictures are not so much of the city of Dublin as of the people and vehicle who use its roads .
Some of the images pay attention to the contrast between horses and cars , but others simply show the whole range of transport in the city .
To us , the period features in the pictures are a fascination , but to the photographer , this was just everyday life - and quite mundane everyday life as well .
LOS ANGELES , Dec. 5 ( UPI ) -- U.S. actor Ron Livingston is suing over a Wikipedia posting , saying the online encyclopedia 's page about him incorrectly identifies him as gay .
The 42 - year - old actor , best known for his lead role in the movie " Office Space , " filed a Los Angeles County Superior Court lawsuit accusing a Wikipedia poster of libel , invasion of privacy and for using his name and likeness without his permission , TMZ.com reported Saturday .
Advertisement
Livingston , who is seeking unspecified damages , alleges an unknown individual continues to alter the actor 's Wikipedia page so the page claims Livingston is in a relationship with a man named Lee Dennison .
Livingston , who married Rosemarie DeWitt last month , says such postings are false .
The actor , who also starred in the miniseries " Band of Brothers , " and the movies " The Cooler " and " Adaptation , " said once the offending postings are removed , the unidentified individual immediately replaces them .
TMZ.com said Livingston also alleges the same individual created pages on Facebook under his name as well as Dennison's .
Both profiles on the social networking Web site reportedly claim the two men are " in a relationship " with one another .
For Westerners , who grew up regarding Communism as a burden to its subjects and a menace to the world , it 's a perplexing mystery at best .
It 's a perennial embarrassment for the Kremlin , which spends vast sums on international PR efforts aimed at making Russia look like a democratic , capitalist , and modern place .
But here we go again .
An annual poll to be released on Dec. 25 , the day the final Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev resigned , suggests that a durable majority of Russians continue to " deeply regret " the demise of the USSR and wish that the collapse had been avoided .
The survey , conducted by the independent Levada Center in Moscow , found that nearly 60 percent of Russians are stuck in that nostalgic frame of mind , down from a high of 75 percent in 2000 , but still a potentially potent political fact .
" The feelings of regret are most pronounced among people who are elderly , poor , less educated , or rural , " says Denis Volkov , a researcher with the Levada Center .
The groups that miss the Soviet Union most deeply , according to the survey , are pensioners ( 85 percent ) , people who say they can't afford adequate food and clothing ( 79 percent ) , those between 40 and 55 years of age ( 67 percent ) , and women ( 63 percent ) .
" Only 25 percent of people between the ages of 18 and 24 say they 're sorry the Soviet Union disappeared , " Mr. Volkov adds .
Stability and security
Older Russians invariably recall the Soviet era as a time of stability and social security , if not prosperity , and feel they have suffered unfairly from the social turmoil and repeated economic crises of the past two decades .
" You could buy a loaf of bread for 16 kopeks ( cents ) , and that was a stable price for many , many years , " says Alevtina Dimitrieva , a Moscow pensioner .
" Now the price is different every day .
The authorities promise to raise our pensions , but even when that happens , rising prices gobble up the increase immediately . "
Lack of money has blocked most pensioners from taking advantage of the expansion of personal freedoms , economic opportunity , and social mobility
that many younger Russians began to enjoy in the wake of the Soviet collapse .
Russian pensioners continue to staunchly back Russia 's sovietesque Communist Party in large numbers .
One of the best - organized of Russian social groups , pensioners are capable of making the Kremlin quake when they take to the streets , as they did over a botched benefit reform four years ago .
Many say they also miss being citizens of a huge , sprawling multiethnic superpower that seemed to command respect in the world .
" I used to travel all over the USSR , and was welcomed everywhere , " says Inna Lepneva , a retired TV sound engineer .
" Now the country is split up , no one likes Russians anymore , and good relationships are ruined .
Nothing has changed for the better .
Yeltsin 's unpopular rule
The peak years of Soviet nostalgia came in the late 1990s , a time of economic and social decline , when a pro-Western President Boris Yeltsin explicitly claimed to be leading Russia toward capitalism and democracy .
Mr. Yeltsin 's popularity ratings seldom rose above single digits during the latter years of his Kremlin tenure and , not surprisingly , few Russians expressed warm opinions about him after he passed away in 2007 .
His successor , Vladimir Putin , ended the Yeltsin - era 's cultural and political confrontation with the Soviet legacy , and even restored some of its key symbols , such as the Soviet national anthem , to pride of place .
" Today 's Kremlin is extremely professional in the propaganda department , " says Boris Kagarlitsky , director of the independent Institute for Globalization Studies in Moscow .
" They understand how to utilize symbols that the population has genuine affection for , and to manipulate the past in order to generate positive emotions toward the current leaders . "
Mr. Putin , now Russia 's prime minister , remains the country 's most popular politician with approval ratings that seldom sink below 70 percent .
Meanwhile , nostalgia for the USSR has burgeoned into a booming business in Russia , including several TV stations that run exclusively Soviet - era content , uncountable numbers of Soviet - chic restaurants and bars , plus at least one wildly popular Internet portal devoted to all things Soviet .
But all that does n't necessarily mean that people literally want to be back in the USSR .
" Our survey found that only 16 percent of respondents would like to see the Soviet Union restored just as it was , " says Volkov .
" This nostalgia is a complicated sentiment , probably explained more by reactions to present conditions than any real desire to return to the past . "
Read about the democracy that young Russians want in a three - part series about The Putin Generation .
SAN FRANCISCO – A team of U.S. Geological Survey scientists have developed a web service that combines seismic data about an earthquake with Tweets of surprise and angst from the popular microblogging service 's users .
The goal of the project is to improve emergency response by providing a crowdsourced window of the conditions on the ground immediately following a quake .
" Why would such a system work ? " asked Paul Earle , a geologist at the USGS , at the American Geophysical Union fall meeting Monday .
" Because people like to tweet after an earthquake . "
It turns out that the " Earthquake ! Earthquake ! "
SOS that you tweet , aggregated with thousands of others , provides an excellent indication of the strength and severity of a quake .
A little rumbler yields just a small spike , while a strong quake produces a huge spike in Twitter activity , as seen in the graph above .
Right now , the system is designed to automatically harvest tweets , so they can be e-mailed to would - be responders with traditional earthquake measures and plotted in Google maps .
All the OMGs and BFDs can provide some qualitative color about what 's happened on the ground .
" We 've developed a prototype system that integrates Twitter messages with our standard earthquake alerts , " Earle summarized .
It 's one of a variety of ways that some scientists are trying to use the crowd and the cloud to augment the professional tools they already have .
It 's already been suggested that some laptops with accelerometers built - in may be useful as earthquake detectors .
Researchers in other disciplines , like bird - tracking , have also had success using citizen scientists .
In a separate session at the AGU fall meeting , another scientist described a garage seismic station that has begun to make its way into homes around the Bay Area .
The challenge presented by data gathered outside the traditional channels is that it 's noisy .
What the scientists gain in breadth is partially canceled out by the lack of control they have over the incoming information .
After all , Quake is also a popular videogame and Dairy Queen serves up a " brownie earthquake , " and both are likely to find their way into tweets .
" We 've been developing filtering techniques that allow us to tell the difference between an actual earthquake and a group of people who just finished playing a videogame and got the munchies , " Earle said .
Eventually , Earle and his software engineer , Michelle Guy , would like to use geolocated tweets to rough out a " felt range " for earthquakes , but it 's not as easy as it looks .
Only half of Twitter users even give a basic location like " San Francisco " and just a few percent of earthquake tweets come from GPS - enabled devices , which allow for precise measurements , Guy said .
It also stands to reason that USGSted , as the program is known on Twitter , wo n't be of much help in any earthquake strong enough to knock out telecommunications systems .
Where Guy and Earle say their service may be most useful is in the window of time between when an earthquake happens and when the USGS data starts to pour in .
That time period can be anything from two to 20 minutes , and during that time , all those tweets are much better than nothing , if far from perfect .
Image : Paul Earle
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .**
Physicsts Find Dark Matter , or Something Even Stranger
A bit of this , some of that and a whole lot the the other thing .
You know , that thing ...
* Reconciliation talks fail
* Brewery blockades to continue into second week ( Updates after collapse of talks )
BRUSSELS , Jan 14 ( Reuters ) - Worker blockades of the Belgian breweries of Anheuser - Busch InBev ABI .
BR were set to continue into a second week after the collapse of mediated talks on Thursday .
Workers at the company ’s Leuven and Jupille breweries began blocking plant entrances after the world ’s largest beer maker announced it planned to cut a net 263 jobs out of its 2,700 Belgian workforce last week .
The brewery at Hoegaarden has been blocked since Tuesday and workers were also protesting outside company depots supplying bars and cafes .
The company held talks with union representatives on Thursday , chaired by a mediator , but they ended without success .
“ There is no reconciliation .
InBev was not prepared to withdraw its plan , which was our demand .
The actions will continue , ” a union official said .
AB InBev ’s Belgian unit subsequently confirmed the failure to resume full dialogue .
It said the unions had not accepted a proposal from the mediator that the company inform workers about the financial state of AB InBev and of the beer market .
InBev Belgium added it was willing to find a solution that minimised the impact of its plan on workers , with early retirements helping to soften the blow .
The company said it risked soon running out of raw materials .
Barrels and cases of beer were piling up .
AB InBev , which makes Budweiser , Stella Artois and Beck ’s , has said it could cut some 10 percent of its 8,000 strong workforce in Western Europe because of weak beer markets .
The company sold 5.6 percent less of its beer in the region on a like - for - like basis in the first nine months of 2009 , part of a general downward trend exacerbated by the economic crisis .
( Reporting by Philip Blenkinsop ; Editing by Dan Lalor and Steve Orlofsky )
TCA Tour : A Chat with Temple Grandin
Temple Grandin is a Doctor of Animal Science at Colorado State University , a consultant to the livestock industry in animal behavior , and a best - selling author .
She ’s also autistic , a fact which you may have already known if you happen to have a connection to someone with autism , be it first - hand or indirectly .
For instance , I came to know about her , as you ’ll soon read , through my wife , who works with autistic students and is the proud owner of a copy of one of Grandin ’s books , The Way I See It : A Personal Look at Autism and Asperger’s .
When an advance screener of the new HBO movie based on her life – entitled , appropriately enough , “ Temple Grandin ” – landed on our doorstep in advance of the TCA press tour , you can imagine that we popped it into the player post - haste , and I ’ll tell you right now , I was blown away : Claire Danes gives a phenomenal performance as Grandin , but director Mick Jackson ties for MVP with his visual presentation of how Grandin ’s mind works .
I immediately went about trying to set up interviews in connection with the tour , and although Danes was unavailable , when HBO asked if I ’d like to chat with Grandin herself , you ’d better believe that I did n’t hesitate for a moment before saying , “ You bet ! ”
Bullz - Eye : I just wanted to start off by telling you that my wife works with autistic children .
Temple Grandin : Oh , okay .
BE : She had n’t actually trained in the field , but she ended up stepping into a job as a substitute teacher in a special education classroom , and she had such aptitude that the teacher gave her a gift : a copy of your book .
She basically said , “ Not everyone has the heart and the temperament to work with children who need a little extra effort , but I really think you do , and I think you ’d get a lot out of reading this . ”
TG : Which book was it ?
BE : “ The Way I See it . ”
TG : All right .
BE : So as soon as she found out that I was going to be speaking with you , she immediately passed it on to me and said , “ You ’ll be wanting to read this . ” ( Laughs )
But we also watched the movie together , and I thought it was fantastic .
How did that first come about ?
Did someone read your book , then come to you and pitch the idea of making it into a movie ?
TG : Well , that ’s actually been going on for a good long time .
Emily Gerson Saines started working on this about nine years ago and went to , like , two different directors and writers .
Then , finally , it came together with the right people .
BE : Did you get final say about who would play you in the film ?
TG : Well , that was just decided .
Claire Danes did an absolutely brilliant job .
Absolutely brilliant .
I met with her for about six hours , and I gave her the oldest VHS tapes I could find of me , where I ’d be more autistic - acting .
Like , in old programs from the late ‘ 80s , where I was on a TV show , and some lectures from the early ‘ 90s .
We dubbed those over onto DVDs , and she had those to practice with .
I did n’t have any video older than that .
Or movies .
We did n’t do movies as a family , so I did n’t have that .
BE : I thought the visual aspects of the film , which try to give the viewer an understanding of how your mind works , were outstanding .
I guess that was Mick ’s idea… ?
TG : I thought that was absolutely brilliant , the way Mick showed all of that .
Wonderful .
Like , the scene where it shows all of the shoes coming up …?
That ’s exactly how I think .
Mick was absolutely brilliant with that .
BE : It really gave me more of a feel for what my wife does , I ’ll tell you that .
At the moment , she ’s working one on one with a boy , and she has described working with him as being like an ever - changing maze , where she ’s never sure from day to day at which turn she ’ll be able to reach him .
TG : Well , my mind works more like Google for Images , and they ’re coming up with some new ways of searching for images that puts them into categories , so I ’ll be very interested to see how those work .
Both Microsoft and Google are coming up with something like that .
My mind can put images into categories … like , okay , let ’s take shoes .
Then you put them into work shoes , ladies dress shoes …see , there ’s different categories .
So if you say “ ladies dress shoes , ” then I get a different set of pictures than if you said “ men ’s work shoes . ”
BE : I have to tell you , after watching the movie , the first thing I wanted to do – aside from reading your book , that is – was go watch an episode or two of “ The Man from U.N.C.L.E. ” ( Laughs )
TG : Oh , yeah !
That and the classic “ Star Trek ” are some of my favorite shows .
BE : I liked how you observed that you related to Spock .
TG : Yeah , he was my favorite character in the classic “ Star Trek . ”
BE : Some time ago , I heard you on NPR discussing the system you designed to make the travel of cows to the slaughterhouse as humane as possible .
What was the time frame as far as how long it took you to really get things from design to implementation ?
TG : Well , I started going up to visit feed yards back in 1971 , I worked for a short time for a company that built feed yards , and I learned a great deal while I was working on the feed - lot construction company , but I had some of my first jobs…ones that were strictly mine , that I did from scratch … in around 1974 .
’ 76 and ’ 78 was when the dip vats actually got built .
So they were all in the ‘ 70s .
And I spent a lot of time learning , you know .
It did n’t happen overnight .
I spent three years going to every feed yard in Arizona , working cattle .
I ’d measure their work area and then make a drawing of their cattle working area , and then I kept track of what worked and what did n’t work in different systems , sort of like piecing all the little puzzles together .
Taking lots of specific examples and putting it together to make new holds .
But I did n’t learn that overnight .
It was a lot of information that had to be loaded into my mind .
( Smiles )
You see , sometimes the crafting kind of magically appeared , but there was a long period of time of putting information into my head to learn how to relate the lines on a drawing to an actual building .
Like , if you have a bunch of squares on a drawing and those represent the concrete posts that hold up the building , to understand that , I had to walk around in a building and say , “ Okay , here ’s the square and there ’s the concrete post , ” to relate the real thing to the more abstract marks on the drawing .
BE : We saw in the movie how everything was when you got to college , and we saw a little bit of your high school years , but what was it like prior to that , when you were in , say , elementary school ?
TG : In elementary school , I had my problems , but elementary school was smooth sailing compared to high school .
Totally .
Because in high school , you got into all the teasing stuff , and the only places where I could get away from all the teasing was with the shared interests : horseback riding , model rockets .
And Mr. Carlock did do model rockets .
The ones in the movie were bigger than the ones we had .
( Smiles )
The ones we had were only about this big around , about half the size of the ones they had in the movie .
But we did actually do that , and there was the electronics lab .
And we were doing stuff like stretching rubber over loudspeakers and gluing mirrors on them , and they would bounce in time to the music .
When we were doing these shared - interest things , there was no teasing .
It was , like , the dining room and the parking lot , that ’s where the teasing was .
BE : How did David Strathairn do at portraying your teacher , Mr. Carlock ?
TG : He did a good job of playing him .
In fact , he was Mr. Carlock , but they made him Doctor Carlock , and I did not correct them , because I wanted him to have his honorary doctorate .
He deserved it .
BE : He came across as a very sweet guy in the film …
TG : … and that ’s the way he was .
He was always Mr. Carlock .
His real name was Bill Carlock , and that ’s the way he was , just getting kids interested in science , and …yeah , the way that was portrayed was excellent .
He worked on spaceships for NASA , so having an actual astronaut helmet in there …
( Voice cracks ) I , uh , get choked up when I think about this , because … I ca n’t emphasize enough the importance of really good teachers .
And he was one of those really good teachers .
BE : I can still pinpoint my high school journalism teacher , Mrs. Holton , as being the teacher who made the biggest difference for me .
She heavily edited me , which cut into my confidence as a writer , but what I learned from it ultimately made me more confident …
TG : … because she showed you how to fix it .
You see , the problem we ’ve got now is that teachers are n’t copy - editing kids ’ work .
I mean , that ’s how I learned to write when I was in elementary school .
They red -marked up the work , and then you had to do it over again .
BE : Exactly .
TG : But that ’s how you learn .
But high school … that was absolutely the most miserable time of my life , with the teasing and all of that , and Mr. Carlock was just crucial for my success .
I mean , your journalism teacher probably had a lot to do with your success .
BE : Every time I ’ve seen her since then , I ’ve made sure to tell her how far I ’ve come since then .
So once you got to college … in the movie , it ’s painted as kind of a feel - good thing , where you start off rough but at the end you ’re successful .
TG : That ’s right .
And there ’s some things in the movie where they kind of change some stuff , but the stuff in there that ’s absolutely accurate was …well , the sexual discrimination at the feed yard , with the bull testicle thing , that happened .
Kicked out because the cowboys ’ wives did n’t want me there ?
That happened .
A chance meeting with somebody that got me into the plant ?
That … ( Hesitates )
That happened , meeting that lady who got me in the planet , but in real life it happened a little bit different .
But it was a chance meeting very similar to that .
They had to kind of change some things around , but all of my projects that they showed , those were built right off my original drawings .
That dip vat actually worked .
It was a real , working dip vat .
And the squeeze machine , that was built off the drawings , and the magic gate .
Those things were absolutely accurate .
And the stuff I had a lot of input into was the cattle stuff , to make sure that was accurate .
Like , making sure they bought the right kind of cattle to be in the movie .
BE : What you ’ve brought to those who have autism , showing them what they can do despite it , is …well , it ’s pretty amazing .
TG : I get worried about it .
I ’m seeing kids today who have milder autism than I had , and they ’re taking social disability payments because , when they were kids , nobody made them do stuff .
I originally did n’t want to go out to my aunt ’s ranch when I was 15 .
I was scared .
But she said , “ It ’s two weeks , or it ’s all summer . ”
You ’ve got to push them out , get them out there doing stuff .
When I was in college , she made sure I was doing internships in the summer .
I worked at a research lab one summer , the next summer I worked at a school for autistic kids , doing a whole lot of different things .
You ’ve got to get them out doing stuff , because that ’s how I learned .
BE : Now , you go around the country and speak .
At one point did you decide that you wanted to start doing that and , y’know , kind of spread the word ?
TG : Well , you just sort of fall into it .
There ’s a lot of things where you fall into stuff .
Originally , in the ‘ 70s and ‘ 80s , I was working on all of my design stuff and livestock stuff , and then I went back and …we had kind of a big recession in the early ‘ 80s , where there just was n’t any work for two years , so I went back to school , got the coursework done during the recession , but then it took me forever to get my thesis done .
Then after I got that done , I went out to Colorado , and …sometimes in your career , you just sort of go on more and more speaking engagements .
But I still want to do my livestock stuff .
I do n’t want to let the autism stuff take over totally from the livestock stuff , ‘ cause that ’s my real job .
I was just getting book sales figures , and I was very happy that my little livestock book , “ Humane Livestock Handling , ” had sold 1,400 copies .
( Laughs )
That ’s a best seller for that kind of book !
Because that ’s my professional life , and I want to keep that .
I do n’t want to give that up .
I do n’t want ot give up my professional life .
BE : I would think not .
Yeah , actually , I was going to ask you if you still wrote articles about livestock .
TG : Yes .
I do eight a year , and I still teach my class .
I have to be home for half the semester on Tuesdays for that .
This is during the time when I ’m not doing the class , though .
BE : Is it bizarre to see your life shown on the small screen like this ?
TG : Well , watching Claire play me during the ‘ 60s and ‘ 70s was like going in a really weird time machine , and she did an absolutely brilliant job .
She ’s a brilliant actress .
BE : How much input did you have into the film , as far as , like , Mick ’s direction ?
TG : Well , I had a lot of input on the stuff like how my thinking was displayed , and I had a lot of discussions with Mick about the scene with the shoes .
I explained to Mick how I think , and , you know , they collapsed and changed some stuff around , and I did n’t have much input into that , as long as they did n’t have me doing something out of character , like a big romance or something .
That would be totally out of character .
( Smiles )
And the other thing I had a lot of input into was accuracy .
Autism accuracy , and my projects .
My actual drawings got to be in the movie .
That was really cool !
And the cattle accuracy , I had a lot of input into that .
In fact , that was the one thing where I actually went down on the set and supervised the filming .
That one afternoon , I kind of got to direct … and it was really , really cool !
( Laughs )
You know , showing them where to put the camera to get the really good pictures !
Claire Danes was with the A - crew , going through the door , doing the door scene , where it opens up to the big feed lot , when I was doing the other .
I said , “ We ca n’t have a stupid thing like that ‘ City Slickers ’ movie . ”
BE : ( Laughs )
Oh , yeah ?
TG : That was so stupid !
Holstein cattle ?
They had all the wrong kind of cattle , and …it was just ridiculous .
BE : I ’ll see if I can get Billy Crystal on the phone for you .
TG : ( Shakes her head )
Oh , I just thought that movie was so ridiculous .
Even the tack on the horses was wrong .
No , the cattle accuracy in this movie was good .
BE : I ’ll be sure to spread the word .
Well , Temple , it ’s really been an honor and a pleasure to meet you .
TG : Thank you !
A Sicilian man stole sweets and a packet of chewing gum so he could get arrested and spend New Year 's Eve in a jail cell rather than be with his wife and relatives , Italian media reported .
The 35 - year - old Sicilian first showed up at a police station on Thursday ( local time ) asking to be arrested because he preferred spending the night in prison rather than with his family , but was rebuffed because he had not committed a crime , the Agi news agency said on Friday .
The man immediately went to a tobacco shop next door , where he threatened the owner with a boxcutter as he grabbed a few sweets and a packet of gum .
He then waited until police arrived to arrest him for robbery .
- Reuters
What is Go ?
Google recently announced their new programming language , Go .
It is designed to bring some of the advances of modern programming languages back down to the systems arena where C still dominates today .
However , the language is still experimental and evolving .
The Go authors set out to design a language that would be simple , fast , safe and concurrent .
The language is simple enough that it does not even require a symbol table to parse .
It compiles very quickly ; sub - second compile times for entire projects are normal .
It is garbage - collected , so it is safe with regards to memory .
It is statically type - checked and does not allow type coercion , so is safe with regards to types .
It also offers a powerful mechanism for implementing concurrency that is built right into the language .
Reading Go
Go 's syntax continues in the same vein as C's .
Programs are organized as functions whose bodies are a sequence of statements .
Blocks of code are surrounded by curly - braces .
The language has a limited set of reserved keywords .
Expressions use the same infix operators .
There are very few syntactical surprises .
The Go authors have adhered to a single guiding principle when designing the language : simplicity and clarity above all else .
Several of the new syntactical constructs provide concise means to express common idioms that are more verbose in C .
Others address language choices that , after several decades of use , have been shown to be unwise .
Variable Declarations
Variables are declared as follows :
var sum int //
Just a declaration var total int = 42 // A declaration with initialization
Most notably , the type in these declarations comes after the variable name .
This may seem strange at first , but has some benefits on clarity .
For example , take the following snippet of C :
int * a , b ;
It is not apparent , but that actually means that a is a pointer and b is not .
In order to declare them both pointers , the asterisk must be repeated .
However in Go , they can both be declared pointers as follows :
var a , b * int
If a variable is being initialized , the compiler can typically infer its type , so it is not necessary for the programmer to type it out :
var label = " name "
However , at that point , the var keyword is almost superfluous .
So , the Go authors introduced a new assignment operator which both declares and initializes a new variable :
name := " Samuel "
Conditionals
Conditionals in
Go have the same familiar if - else construction as those in C , but the condition need not be wrapped in parentheses .
This creates less visual clutter when reading code .
Parentheses are not the only clutter that have been removed .
A simple statement can be included before the condition so that the following code :
result := someFunc( ) ; if result > 0 { /*
Do something */ } else { /* Handle error */ }
Can be reduced to this :
if result := someFunc( ) ; result > 0 { /*
Do something */ } else { /* Handle error */ }
However , in the latter example , result is only in scope inside the conditional block -- in the former , it is available in the containing scope .
Switches
Switches once again are similar , but improved .
Like conditionals , they allow a simple statement to proceed the expression that is being switched upon .
However , they deviate even further from their C counterparts .
First , to make switches more concise , two changes were made .
Cases can be comma-separated lists of values , and fall - through is no longer the default behavior .
So , the following C code :
int result ; switch ( byte ) { case ' a ' : case ' b ' : { result = 1 break } default : result = 0 }
Becomes this in Go :
var result int switch byte { case ' a ' , ' b ' : result = 1 default : result = 0 }
Second ,
Go switches can match on much more than integers and characters .
Any valid expression can be the value of a case statement , so long as it is the same type as the switch expression .
So , the following C code :
int result = calculate ( ) ; if ( result < 0 ) { /* negative */ } else if ( result > 0 ) { /* positive */ } else { /* zero */ }
Becomes this in Go :
switch result := calculate ( ) ; true { case result < 0 : /* negative */ case result >
0 : /* positive */ default : /* zero */ }
That idiom is so common , that if the switch value is omitted , it is assumed to be true .
So the above could be rewritten as :
switch result := calculate ( ) ; { case result < 0 : /* negative */ case result >
0 : /* positive */ default : /* zero */ }
Loops
Go has only one keyword to introduce a loop .
However , it offers all of the looping behaviors available in C except the do - while .
Condition
for a > b { /* ... */ }
Initializer , Condition and Step
for i := 0 ; i < 10 ; i++ { /* ... */ }
Range
The right - hand expression of a range clause must be an array , slice , string or map , or a pointer to an array ; or it may be a channel .
for i := range " hello " { /* ... */ }
Infinite
for { /* ever */ }
Functions
The syntax for declaring functions differs from C .
As with variable declarations , types are declared after the terms they describe .
So the following function in C :
int add ( int a , b ) { return a + b }
Becomes this function in Go :
func add ( a , b int ) int { return a + b }
Multiple Return Values
A common idiom in C is to either reserve a return value to indicate error ( e.g. read ( ) returning 0 ) , or to reserve the return value to communicate status and pass in a pointer to a memory location in which to store results .
This encourages unsafe programming practices and is not viable in a managed language such as Go .
Recognizing that this problem extends beyond the simple need to communicate both function results and errors , the Go authors built in the capability to return multiple values from a function .
As an example , this is a function to return both parts of an integer division :
func divide ( a , b int ) ( int , int ) { quotient := a / b remainder := a % b return quotient , remainder }
With multiple return values , it is good to have the code document which is which -
Go allows you to give the return values names , just like parameters .
You can then assign values to those return variables just like any other .
So we could rewrite divide like this :
func divide ( a , b int ) ( quotient , remainder int ) { quotient = a / b remainder = a % b return }
The presence of multiple - return values has given rise to the " comma- ok " pattern .
Functions which can fail can return a second , boolean , result to indicate success .
Alternatively , they can return an error object .
So it 's not uncommon to see code like this :
if result , ok := moreMagic ( ) ; ok { /*
Do something with result */ }
Anonymous Functions
Having a garbage collector opens the door for a wide variety of features - among those are anonymous functions .
Go provides a simple syntax for declaring anonymous functions .
These functions create a lexical closure on the scope in which they were defined like blocks in many dynamic languages .
Consider the following program :
func makeAdder( x int ) ( func ( int ) int ) { return func(y int ) int { return x + y } } func main ( ) { add5 := makeAdder ( 5 ) add36 := makeAdder ( 36 ) fmt .
Println ( " The answer : " , add5 ( add36 ( 1 ) ) ) //=>
The answer : 42 }
Primitive Types
Like C , Go offers a handful of primitive types .
The usual boolean , integer and floating - point types are available .
It has a Unicode string type and an array type .
The language also introduces two new types : slice and map .
Arrays & Slices
Arrays in
Go are not dynamic like they are in C .
Their size is part of their type , and is determined at compile time .
To index into an array the familiar C syntax is used ( e.g. a [ i ] ) , and as with C an array index is 0 - based .
The compiler provides a built - in function , which is evaluated at compile time , to determine the length of an array ( e.g. len ( a ) ) .
If a write to an index beyond the bounds of an array is attempted , a run -time error will be generated .
Go also offers slices , which put a new twist on arrays .
A slice represents a contiguous segment of an array , allowing a programmer to refer to specific sections of the underlying storage .
The syntax for constructing a slice is similar to the syntax for accessing an array element :
/* Construct a slice on ary that starts at s and is len elements long */ s1 := ary [ s : len ] /*
Omit the length to create a slice to the end of ary */ s2 := ary[s : ]
/*
Slices behave just like arrays */ s [ 0 ] == ary [ s ]
//=> true //
Changing the value in a slice changes it in the array ary [ s ] = 1 s [ 0 ] = 42 ary [s ] == 42 //=> true
The segment of the array that the slice references can be changed by assigning a new slice to the same variable :
/* Move the start of the slice forward by one , but do not move the end */ s2 = s2[1 : ]
/*
Slices can only move forward */ s2 = s2 [ -1 :] // this is a compile error
The length of a slice can be changed so long as it does not exceed the slice 's capacity .
The capacity of a slice s is the size of the array from s [ 0 ] to the end of the array , and is returned by the cap ( ) built - in function .
A slice 's length can never exceed its capacity .
Here is an example that shows how length and capacity interact :
a := [...] int{1,2,3,4,5} //
The ... means " whatever length the initializer has " len( a ) //=> 5 /* Slice from the middle */ s := a [ 2:4 ] //=> [ 3 4 ] len(s ) , cap(s ) //=> 2 , 3 /* Grow the slice */ s = s [ 0:3 ] //=> [ 3 4 5 ] len(s ) , cap(s ) //=> 3 , 3 /* Cannot grow it past its capacity */ s = s [ 0:4 ] // this is a compile error
Often , a slice is all that is needed for a program .
In that case , a programmer need not have an array at all .
Go offers two ways to make slices directly without ever referencing the underlying storage :
/* literal */ s1 := [ ] int{1,2,3,4,5} /* empty ( all zero values ) */ s2 := make ( [ ] int , 10 ) // cap ( s2 ) == len ( s2 ) == 10
Maps
One data type that is present in almost every dynamic language that is popular today , but that is missing from C , is a dictionary .
Go offers a primitive dictionary type called a map .
The following example shows how to make and use a Go map :
m := make ( map [ string ] int ) //
A mapping of strings to ints /*
Store some values */ m [ " foo " ] = 42 m [ " bar " ] = 30 /* Read , and exit program with a runtime error if key is not present .
*/ x := m [ " foo " ]
/* Read , with comma-ok check ; ok will be false if key was not present .
*/ x , ok := m [ " bar " ]
/*
Check for presence of key , _ means " I do n't care about this value . " */ _ , ok := m [ " baz " ] // ok == false /* Assign zero as a valid value */ m [ " foo " ] = 0 ; _ , ok := m [ " foo " ] // ok == true /* Delete a key */ m [ " bar " ] = 0 , false _ , ok := m [ " bar " ] // ok == false
Object Orientation
The Go language supports a style of object - oriented programming similar to that used in C. Data is grouped together into structs , and then functions are defined which operate on those structs .
Similar to Python , the language offers a way to define the functions and then call them so that the syntax is not cumbersome .
Structs
Declaring a new struct type is simple :
type Point struct { x , y float64 }
Values of this type can now be allocated using the built - in function new , which returns a pointer to the value in memory with all slots initialized to the zero value .
var p * Point = new ( Point ) p.x = 3 p.y = 4
That can get verbose , and one of the goals of the Go language is to be concise whenever possible .
So a syntax is provided that both allocates and initializes the struct at the same time :
var p1 Point = Point {3,4} // Value var p2 * Point = & Point { 3,4} // Pointer
Methods
Once a type has been declared , functions can be declared which take that type as an implicit first parameter :
func ( self Point ) Length ( ) float { return math .
Sqrt(self.x*self.x + self.y* self.y ) ; }
Those functions can then be called as methods on the struct :
p := Point {3,4} d := p.Length ( ) //=> 5
Methods can actually be declared on both value and pointer types .
Go will handle referencing or dereferencing objects as appropriate , so it is possible to declare methods on both type T and type *T and have them be used as appropriate .
Let us extend our Point class with a mutator :
/* Note the receiver is * Point */ func ( self * Point ) Scale ( factor float64 ) { self .x = self .x * factor self.y = self.y * factor }
Then we can call it like this :
p.Scale ( 2 ) ; d = p.Length ( ) //=> 10
It is important to understand that the self that is passed in to MoveToXY is a parameter like any other , and parameters are passed by value , not by reference .
That is why it must be declared as a pointer type in order to actually change the value .
If it were declared as just Point , then the struct that was modified inside the method would not be the same one at the call site - values are copied when they are passed to a function , they are also discarded at the end of it .
Interfaces
Dynamic languages such as Ruby emphasize a style of object - oriented programming that places more importance on what behavior an object has rather than what type that object is ( duck typing ) .
One of the most powerful features that Go brings with it is the ability to program with that duck - typed mentality , and check for adherence to those defined behaviors at compile time .
The name given to the behaviors is interfaces .
Defining an interface is simple :
type Writer interface { Write ( p [ ] byte ) ( n int , err os .
Error ) }
That defines an interface with a method for writing a buffer of bytes .
Any object which implements that method also implements the interface .
No declarations are required as in Java , the compiler just figures it out .
This gives the expressiveness of duck - typing with the safety of static type - checking .
The way interfaces behave in Go allows developers to discover their programs ' types as they write them .
If there are several objects that all have the behavior , and a developer wishes to abstract on that behavior , they can create an interface and then use that .
Consider the following code :
// Somewhere in some code : type Widget struct {} func ( Widget ) Frob ( ) { /* do something */ } //
Somewhere else in the code : type Sprocket struct {} func ( Sprocket ) Frob ( ) { /* do something else */ } /*
New code , and we want to take both Widgets and Sprockets and Frob them */ type Frobber interface { Frob ( ) } func frobtastic(f Frobber ) { f. Frob ( ) }
It is important to note that every object implements the empty interface :
interface {}
Inheritance
The Go language does not have inheritance , at least not the way most languages do .
There is no hierarchy of types .
Go encourages the use of composition and delegation over inheritance , and offers some syntactic sugar to make it more bearable .
Given these definitions :
type Engine interface { Start ( ) Stop ( ) } type Car struct { Engine }
I can then write the following :
func GoToWorkIn(c Car ) { /* get in car */ c. Start ( ) ; /* drive to work */ c.Stop ( ) ; /* get out of car */ }
When I declared the Car struct , I gave it what is called an anonymous member .
That is a member which is identified only by its type .
The anonymous member is a member like any other , with a name the same as the type .
So I could have also written c.Engine .
Start ( ) .
The compiler automatically delegates calls made on Car to methods on its Engine if the Car does not have methods of its own to satisfy them .
The rules for resolving methods provided by anonymous members are conservative .
If a method is defined for a type , it is used .
If not , and a method is defined for an anonymous member that is used .
If there are two anonymous members that both provide a method , the compiler will produce an error , but only if that method is called .
This composition is achieved via delegation , not inheritance .
Once the anonymous member 's method has been called , flow has been delegated to that method entirely .
So you cannot simulate type hierarchy like this :
type Base struct {} func ( Base ) Magic ( ) { fmt .
Print ( " base magic " ) } func ( self Base ) MoreMagic ( ) { self .
Magic ( ) self .
Magic ( ) } type Foo struct {
Base } func ( Foo ) Magic ( ) { fmt .
Print ( " foo magic " ) }
When you create a Foo object , it will respond to both methods that Base does .
However , when you call MoreMagic you will not get the results you expect :
f := new ( Foo ) f. Magic ( ) //=> foo magic f.MoreMagic ( ) //=> base magic base magic
Concurrency
The Go authors chose a message - passing model as their recommended method for concurrent programming .
The language does still support shared memory , however the authors have the following philosophy :
Do not communicate by sharing memory ; instead , share memory by communicating .
The language offers two basic constructs to achieve this paradigm : goroutines and channels .
Goroutines
Goroutines are lightweight parallel paths of program execution similar to threads , coroutines , or processes .
However , they are sufficiently different from each that the Go authors elected to give them a new name and discard any connotative baggage that the other terms might have .
Spawning a goroutine to run a function named DoThis is as simple as this :
go DoThis ( ) // but do not wait for it to complete
Anonymous functions can also be used :
go func ( ) { for { /* do something forever */ } }( ) //
Note that the function must be invoked
These goroutines are mapped to the appropriate operating - system concurrency primitives ( e.g. POSIX threads ) by the Go runtime .
Channels
With goroutines , parallel execution of code is easy .
However , a mechanism for communicating between them is still needed .
Channels provide a FIFO communication queue that can be used for just this purpose .
Here is the syntax for working with channels :
/* Creating a channel uses make ( ) , not new - it was also used for map creation */ ch := make ( chan int ) /*
Sending a value blocks until the value is read */ ch <- 4 /* Reading a value blocks until a value is available */ i := <-ch
For example , if we wanted to do some long - running numerical computation we could do this :
ch := make ( chan int ) go func ( ) { result := 0 for i := 0 ; i < 100000000 ; i++ { result = result + i } ch <- result }() /*
Do something for a while */ sum := <-ch //
This will block if the calculation is not done yet fmt .
Println ( " The sum is : " , sum )
The blocking behavior of channels is not always the best .
The language offers two ways to customize this :
A programmer can specify a buffer size - sending to a buffered channel will not block unless the buffer is full , and reading from a buffered channel will not block unless the buffer is empty
The language also offers the ability to send and receive without ever blocking , while still reporting if the operation succeeded
/* Create a channel with buffer size 5 */ ch := make ( chan int , 5 ) /*
Send without blocking , ok will be true if value was buffered */ ok := ch <- 42 /* Read without blocking , ok will be true if a value was read */ val , ok := <-ch
Packages
Go offers a simple mechanism for organizing code : packages .
Each file begins with a simple declaration of what package it belongs to , and each file can import the packages it uses .
Any names which begin with a capital letter are exported from a package , and are available to be used by other packages .
Here is a complete source file :
package geometry import " math " /*
Point is capitalized , so it is visible outside the package .
*/ type Point struct { /* the fields are not capitalized , so they are not visible outside of the package */ x , y float64 } /*
These functions are visible outside of the package */ func ( self Point ) Length ( ) float64 { /*
This uses a function in the math package */ return math .
Sqrt(self.x*self.x + self.y* self.y ) } func ( self * Point ) Scale ( factor float64 ) { self.setX( self.x * factor ) self.setY( self.y * factor ) } /*
These functions are not visible outside of the package , but can be used inside the package */ func ( self * Point ) setX ( x float 64 ) { self .x = x } func ( self * Point ) setY (y float64 ) { self .y = y }
What 's Missing
The Go authors have tried to let clarity of code guide all of their decisions regarding the design of the language .
A secondary mission has been to produce a language which compiles quickly .
With these two criteria to steer them , many features from other languages have not made it in .
Many programmers will find that their favorite language feature is not present and indeed some may feel that the language is not yet usable for lack of certain features common in other languages .
Two such missing features are exceptions and generics , both very helpful in other languages .
Neither feature is currently part of Go . But since the language is still experimental , these may make it in there eventually .
However , when comparing
Go to other languages , we should remember that Go is intended to be a replacement for C in systems programming .
And in this light , the various missing features do n't look like such a drawback .
Finally , since the language has just been released , it does not have much in the way of libraries or tools : there are no IDEs for Go .
The standard library has useful code , but it is small compared to what is available in more established languages .
* Obama orders tougher measures on corporate “ tax cheats ”
* Move is latest in White House shift to populist message ( Updates with Obama ’s remarks )
WASHINGTON , Jan 20 ( Reuters ) - U.S. President Barack Obama ordered federal agencies on Wednesday to take measures to prevent companies that are delinquent in paying taxes from obtaining new government contracts .
Obama also instructed the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) to review the accuracy of companies ’ reports on their tax obligations to be sure they are truthful .
“ We need to be sure that when a company says it ’s paying taxes , that company is , in fact , paying taxes , ” Obama said .
The move is the latest in a series of populist - toned events Obama , a Democrat , has emphasized to generate support for his political and legislative agenda , which took a major hit on Tuesday after an upset victory by a Republican for the Senate seat left vacant by the death of liberal Senator Ted Kennedy .
Last week , Obama chastised bankers for taking large bonuses and proposed a fee to claw back taxpayer bailout money from top financial institutions .
The measures are meant to fire up Obama ’s political base and help move the spotlight back to the economy after intense public focus on security threats , the devastating earthquake in Haiti and , now , the shock election in Massachusetts .
Obama said there were tens of thousands of companies that were not paying their taxes but still receiving government contracts .
Unpaid taxes from such firms were estimated at more than $ 5 billion , he said .
Obama ’s orders to pursue “ tax cheats ” were addressed to the White House Office of Management and Budget , the U.S. Treasury Department and other agencies .
The president called on Congress to build on legislation that would allow the IRS to share information about tax delinquency with contracting officials .
He also promised to renew a proposal in his upcoming budget that the government has the right to pay back taxpayers before it pays delinquent contractors .
The White House said the measures complimented earlier actions by the administration to reduce government waste .
( Editing by Mary Milliken and Todd Eastham )
By Helen Briggs
Health reporter , BBC News
Mrs Bergholdt and her children A mother has become the first in the world to give birth to a second child after an ovary transplant operation , doctors in Denmark have revealed .
Baby Lucca and sister Aviaja are among just nine children born through the procedure , where ovarian tissue is removed , frozen and transplanted .
Their mother was robbed of her fertility by cancer treatment .
Experts say the technique could help others facing treatment that might damage their ovaries .
Aviaja , who was born in 2007 , was conceived following IVF but Lucca , born in September 2008 , was conceived naturally .
Their mother , Stinne Holm Bergholdt , aged 32 , said it was a surprise to find out she was pregnant a second time because she thought she would need fertility treatment again .
These results support cryopreservation of ovarian tissue as a valid method of fertility preservation
Prof Claus Andersen
She said : " We had an appointment at the fertility outpatient clinic to talk about the possibility of a second baby , but it turned out that I was already pregnant - naturally .
" It was a very nice surprise to find out that my body was now functioning normally and that we were having a baby without having to go through the fertility treatment .
It was indeed a miracle ! "
Separate pregnancies
Her doctor , Professor Claus Yding Andersen , said it was the first time in the world that a woman had had two children from separate pregnancies as a result of transplanting frozen / thawed ovarian tissue .
He said the ovarian tissue was continuing to function more than four years after being transplanted back into her body .
More tissue remains frozen in liquid nitrogen , and could remain functional for as long as 40 years , he added .
He said : " These results support cryopreservation of ovarian tissue as a valid method of fertility preservation and should encourage the development of this technique as a clinical procedure for girls and young women facing treatment that could damage their ovaries . "
Dr Melanie Davies , a spokesperson for the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists , said the results appeared encouraging but there had been a mere handful of successful cases so far .
She said : " This is very encouraging news that a woman has succeeded in having two children from one fairly simple operative procedure and storing her ovarian tissue but it 's early days . "
The case is reported in the medical journal , Human Reproduction .
Mrs Bergholdt , who works at the University of Southern Denmark in Odense , is also an author of the paper .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As a young woman from France working as a civil servant in Liverpool in 1999 , I once stumbled upon a book in a discount book shop , which was going to change the way I would look upon things .
The book was called “ Baby Wars : The Dynamics of Family Conflict ” by Robin Baker and Elizabeth Oram .
As its title does n’t necessarily imply , it discussed the genesis of today 's family dynamics from the standpoint of evolutionary biology .
It was hardly a science classic , but coming myself from a relatively uninteresting degree of applied chemistry , and having never thought of human behavior as being products of our evolution before , that came as a complete revolution to my mind .
I never had the chance to go through that book again since , as I lent it to someone and never got it back ( if you are that person , I would appreciate you getting in touch with me ) .
But that very book opened a door in front of me , through which I could explore in mind the WHYs of us , humans , being around , doing whatever it is we do , in the way that we do .
From then on I looked for more and more books on the subject and discovered the sciences of evolution , evolutionary biology and mostly evolutionary psychology , which attempts to explain psychological traits , suche as memory , perception and language , as adaptations , that is , as the functional products of natural or sexual selection .
When I discovered that an Masters degree in evolutionary psychology was taught by Robin Dunbar , Louise Barret and John Lycett , a few miles away from my workplace , I changed my working hours in order to free one day a week to go to university .
But the story ended when I fell in love with a French man and decided to go back to France , change career ( to become a primary school teacher ) and give up my MSc halfway through .
So much for the intellectual liberation of woman through marriage …
But that ’s another story .
In France , the subject of evolutionary psychology seemed to be unknown .
I was n’t even sure how to translate it , using at first the wrong term .
And I was forced to face the lack of interest I got from fellow French people whenever I tried to explain what it was all about .
So I gave up trying to make anyone interested in it and finally gave up even thinking about it .
A few years later , after the birth of my daughter , I slowly got back into books and magazines about human nature and origins , and evolutionary sciences
In general .
I decided to find out what was happening on the subject of my old friend evolutionary psychology in the land of smelly cheese , as this was where I was going to be for a while .
I met Patrick Tort , director of the “ Institut Charles Darwin international ” and author of many books about Darwinian theory , and I was surprised at his face when I mentioned evolutionary psychology to him .
He had very little time for it , and I got the impression that he was far too busy defending , translating and understanding Darwin ’s actual writings to be wasting time on this kind of rubbish .
I was forced to admit that Evolutionary psychology ( EP ) was considered as a low - rank discipline by my fellow countrymen .
Psychologists do n’t want to hear about it because it ’s no use to their everyday practice and would even tend to go against their theoretical background .
France has a history of great thinkers in the field of humanities , whose followers were at one stage in history strongly discouraged to follow any evolutionary approaches after some of Darwin ’s ideas were misused and transposed in a social context .
As for French researchers in evolutionary sciences , or anthropologists , they seem to have no real concern in it either ( there is no research program in that field in France ) .
It turns out , as you might not be surprise to hear , that EP meets a lot of skepticism in other countries ’ scientists as well .
But why would that be ?
What could be so wrong with evolutionary psychology ?
The main flaw of this discipline , it seems , is the lack of hard evidence , as the mind and precise behavior of our ancestors has not left much proof for us to build upon .
In one word , evolutionary psychology is for many nothing but speculation , to put side to side with science fiction or historical novels .
Methodologically , it seems to go the wrong way round for many scientists : instead of experiencing to prove or disprove a theoretical stand , ending up with evidence , it starts off by a strongly set theoretical stand , trying to get the evidence to fit around it by speculation .
Evolutionary biology can have the same problem with proof .
Gould had the good idea to remind us that noses were not made to carry glasses , and current utility cannot be assimilated with reason for origin .
The short front legs of the tyrannosaurus can’t have been very useful for much .
A non-adaptive hypothesis is that it could just have been a developmental correlate of allometric fields for relative increase in head and hind limb size .
Even consistent adaptive explanations are n’t necessarily the ultimate explanations ( especially when there are more than one solution to an adaptive problem in nature ) , but this is not often tested .
There are too many constraints on evolution for each aspect to be adaptive : Phyletic constraints ( you have to take into account the organism a species evolved from ) , for example humans are not optimally designed for upright posture ) and developmental constraints ( the early stages of ontogeny are remarkably refractory to evolutionary changes ) .
So it ’s already difficult enough to prove possible adaptations in the body , never mind trying to prove anything about the possible adaptations of the human mind and behavior due to evolutionary forces such as natural or sexual selection .
So as Marshall Sa hlins puts it , “ adaptive explanations of behaviors are always fitted around the final conclusion that is preferred . ”
A little bit like reading your horoscope and trying to find ( usually successfully ) how your actual day fits in with whatever was planned for all Pisces on that day .
So where does that leave me and my affection for evolutionary psychology ?
Ok so I admit that I find some of the theories EP has found to explain things rather pleasing , or tingling , if not entirely satisfying on a purely precise and scientific basis .
Speculation is not science .
But at the end of the day I believe that speculation can be a stimulating engine for science , offering possible solutions , which does not mean stating that ’s how it definitely was .
It can help to envisage solutions to unanswered questions , to which we might find ways in the future to measure up to the sanction of proof … until another new element shakes everything up again .
It was a great sunny day on “ Sunday ” with blue skies in Tokyo and I decided to take a walk from Shinagawa Station towards Tennozu Isle ( where the monorail runs to Haneda Airport ) .
Feel free to use the “ comments on top of the photos ” feature if you want to highlight something for others to see .
Any comments you make on the photo itself will also appear in the comments section at the bottom of the page .
I will also make a series of notes on top of the photo , but they will just be viewable on the photo , not in the comments section .
Through the Tokyo Photo Walk series I plan to venture out and discover new areas of town in 2010 .
I am going to call the recent walk through Gotenyama , the first in the series and this one is then number 2 .
By the end of the year hopefully we can have a number of interesting walks together to look back on .
Rather than picking the well known famous spots , I am planning to just take photos of the places I go to and show you what I am viewing .
Sometimes that might mean you get to see a landmark like Tokyo Tower or Ginza main street , other times it might be the back roads of town somewhere .
Hope you enjoy ^_^ .
What is your favorite Tokyo walking area ?
Share this : Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
A few years ago , my mother delightedly told me that the Baptist church in my Georgia hometown had raised more than $ 3 million to build a new state - of - the - art sanctuary .
The sanctuary campaign came on the heels of another several million dollar fundraiser to move from a downtown location to the outskirts of town , to build a state - of - the - art worship center and gymnasium .
My mother was proud of her hometown church , where I spent most of my early teen years .
I was n’t all that impressed and asked , “ So , there were no poor people in town that may have needed help ? ”
My mother sighed impatiently and began to talk about her tomato plants .
I ’m always flummoxed when churches – which claim to follow a guy named Jesus who commanded his followers to feed the hungry and clothe the naked – instead spend their treasure on buildings , and frequently , political campaigns .
A new report from the Washington - based LGBT publication DC Agenda shows that two of the biggest contributors to the battle against marriage equality for gays and lesbians in the nation ’s capital are religious groups affiliated with Bishop Harry Jackson ’s church in Maryland .
They contributed more than $ 102,000 to the campaign .
Contributions from the High Impact Leadership Coalition and Christian Hope Ministries - High Impact comprise slightly more than half of the $ 199,530 raised as of Jan. 31 to fight the city ’s same - sex marriage law , according to reports filed with the D.C. Office of Campaign Finance .
High Impact Leadership Coalition and Christian Hope Ministries - High Impact are components of the Beltsville - based Hope Christian Church , where Jackson serves as senior pastor .
His wife , Vivian Michelle Jackson , is listed on the church web site as executive pastor .
The church ’s web site describes the High Impact Leadership Coalition as a non-profit , tax - exempt group that “ exists to protect the moral compass of America and to be an agent of healing to our nation by educating and empowering churches , community and political leaders . ”
The web site does not disclose the tax status of Christian Hope Ministries - High Impact , but its listing as an arm of the church suggests that it also has a tax exemption under the Internal Revenue Service 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) provision .
Jackson ’s efforts have been in vain .
The D.C. City Council passed a measure to ensure marriage equality in the District , and it is expected to become law in March after a congressional review .
That has n’t stopped Jackson from trying , also in vain , to get the question of marriage equality on the ballot , spending more than $ 146,000 through three different committees .
Whether it ’s my hometown church and its new sanctuary , or Jackson ’s tireless campaign to keep loving same - gender couples from attaining legal recognition from the government of the country where they are tax - paying citizens , it boggles my mind to see so much money wasted – especially when there really are poor people in need .
My hometown is full of them – but so is Washington , which Jackson is so desperately trying to protect from the supposed menace of marriage equality .
Census data released last year show that one in four children in the District were living in poverty in 2008 .
The poverty rates for District children diverged widely by race and ethnicity .
The rate was 36 percent for black children ; 17 percent for Hispanic children ; and 3 percent for non-Hispanic white children .
Virginia and Maryland also had large racial and ethnic gaps in childhood poverty , but none as great as in the District .
The data was virtually unchanged from 2007 .
Washington and Baltimore were the only jurisdictions in the region whose share of the total population living in poverty — 17 percent in the District and 19 percent in Baltimore — was greater last year than the national average of 13 percent , according to the Census Bureau .
All those hundreds of thousands of dollars thrown away in an effort to keep loving gay and lesbian couples locked into discrimination may not have made a huge dent in those statistics , but it might have helped to lift many families out of poverty in Jackson ’s backyard .
Sadly , poverty just is n’t a sexy issue like same - sex marriage .
If you believe the religious right ’s hype , gays and lesbians need to be barred from marriage to save the children .
Yet while hundreds of thousands of dollars were poured into a campaign to deny marriage rights to a group of citizens , children continued to suffer in poverty in the DC area .
But maybe poverty really is the root of the problem .
Perhaps those who oppose marriage equality continue to spend boatloads of money on this issue in an effort to avoid dealing with their own very deep spiritual poverty .
Kolelinia — a system that allows you to ride your bike above the traffic — looks like a crazy idea until you check out the engineering behind it .
Then you will realize that it 's not only cool , but it can work too .
Advertisement
Here 's how it works .
Kolelinia has two elements , a half - pipe — this is where your bike 's wheels run — and a cable above that pipe .
The cable is at the same height as your bike 's handles , and it provides stability and safety while you fly over the cars .
The cable connects to the bike 's handle using a special hooking device .
This divoce also has a hole for a carabiner , so you can use a harness and safety line for extra safety .
Advertisement
On first sight , it looks like the props for a circus act .
But unlike in the circus , Kolelinia does n't involve any risk thanks to the safety cable system .
It may seem convoluted , but it 's actually quite simple , and a much better and safer option than having to deal with the dangers of traffic , or flying with stranded extra-terrestrial beings .
[ Kolelinia via ArchDaily ]
The Dolomites are a section of the Alps mountain range in Italy .
Besides the spectacular views , visitors to the Dolomites can enjoy skiing , snowshoeing , snowboarding , ice skating and sledding in the winter months , and hiking , mountaineering , mountain biking , base jumping , paragliding and hang - gliding in the summer .
The Dolomites were recently declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in August , 2009 .
Marmolada , the Dolomites ’ largest peak , stands 3,344 meters ( 10,972 feet ) tall .
The Dolomites span three Northeastern Italian provinces : Belluno , Bolzano - Bozen and Trento .
Accommodation can be found in any of the many cities and villages in the area .
The GOP victory in Massachusetts has set liberal and moderate Democrats worrying that they 'll fall next to voters ' anger .
| AP photo composite by POLITICO Dems fret : ' Every state is in play '
The Republican victory in Massachusetts has sent a wave of fear through the halls of the Senate , with moderate and liberal Democrats second - guessing their party ’s agenda — and worrying that they ’ll be the next victims of voters ’ anger .
“ If there ’s anybody in this building that does n’t tell you they ’re more worried about elections today , you absolutely should slap them , ” said Claire McCaskill ( D - Mo. ) .
Advertisement
Republican Scott Brown rode a wave of voter discontent to defeat Democrat Martha Coakley in the race for Ted Kennedy ’s old Senate seat .
Republicans moved quickly to capitalize Wednesday , with National Republican Senatorial Committee Chairman John Cornyn ( R - Texas ) telling POLITICO that he ’s approaching possible candidates who passed up his initial entreaties to join the 2010 field .
“ People , I think , are going to sense opportunities that they did n’t sense ” Tuesday , Cornyn said .
Majority Whip Dick Durbin ( D - Ill . ) called the Massachusetts race a “ wake - up call ” for his party and said his colleagues were in a “ reflective ” mood at a private lunch Wednesday .
Several Democratic incumbents said later that none of the 19 Democratic seats up this year are safe — and that fundamental parts of the agenda need to be re-examined to win over voters back home .
“ Every state is now in play , ” said Sen. Barbara Boxer ( D - Calif. ) , who faces the toughest reelection battle of her career — most likely against wealthy Republican Carly Fiorina .
Boxer is pushing a cap - and - trade bill to control greenhouse gases , but her counterpart from California , Democratic Sen .
Dianne Feinstein , said a “ large cap - and - trade bill is n’t going to go ahead at this time . ”
“ In my view , when people are earning , when their home is secure , when their children are going to school and they ’re relatively satisfied with their life , then [ when ] there ’s a problem like health care , they want it solved , ” Feinstein said .
“ It does n’t threaten them .
The size of this bill threatens them , and that ’s one of the problems that has to be straightened out . ”
Asked if red-state Democrats up in 2010 and 2012 should be nervous about the electorate , Sen. Kent Conrad ( D - N.D. ) told POLITICO , “ Oh , yeah . ”
“ I think part of the problem is the agenda itself , ” said Conrad , who does n’t face voters again until 2012 .
Instead of spending so much time on health care reform , Conrad said Democrats should have focused first on reducing the national debt and a bipartisan energy bill — and that President Barack Obama should have done a better job of explaining that the economic situation he inherited was “ far worse ” than he ’d originally thought .
Other Democrats argued that they mishandled the health care bill , whose prospects have been seriously diminished with Brown ’s victory .
Sen. Sherrod Brown ( D - Ohio ) , also up in 2012 , said Democrats made a mistake by allowing bipartisan negotiations in the Senate Finance Committee to extend into the fall , saying that the lag time allowed the GOP to mischaracterize Democrats ’ attempts to reform the health care system .
“ What we did n’t do right in the past , I want to make sure we do right in the future , ” said Brown , one of the more liberal members of the Democratic Caucus .
“ The health care bill should have been passed in September .
There was much more public support , and the slow walk of the Finance Committee caused all this opposition by all the mischaracterizations of what the bill was about . ”
Sen. Mary Landrieu ( D - La. ) , one of the more conservative members of the caucus , said some in the Democratic Party were “ overreaching ” and “ advocating more government ” than her constituents want .
She blamed House Democrats for advancing liberal proposals that skewed the public ’s perception of more moderate measures moving through the Senate .
“ Senators represent broad constituencies , ” she said .
“ With all due respect to members of the House , their constituencies are very narrow views , very homogenous usually .
Mine are n’t . ”
But Democratic leaders urged calm Wednesday , even as they told candidates to prepare for battle in the next 10 months .
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee Chairman Robert Menendez ( D - N.J. ) said a January special election in Massachusetts is n’t a “ bellwether for everything . ”
“ We can see how the tide can turn in 10 months , ” Menendez said , adding that he plans to have a “ forensic exam of all our candidates and campaigns . ”
Menendez said the party has already learned one lesson from Coakley ’s losing campaign in Massachusetts : Democrats have got to be aggressive , defining both themselves and opponents early on — and frame the debate well before Republicans do .
Menendez also said his party has to “ find a way to engage independent voters in a meaningful way , ” and he suggested that a focus on Obama ’s proposed “ financial crisis responsibility fee ” might be a way to do that .
And , he said , Democrats “ cannot give up that mantle ” of change .
Sen . Russ Feingold ( D - Wis. ) , who faces voters in the fall , said his state does n’t take its “ cue ” from voters in Massachusetts .
But he said that all candidates have to take their races seriously .
“ Anyone that takes any race for granted should n’t be in politics , at any time , ” Feingold said .
“ To me , that ’s foreign language — I take every single race very seriously .
Democrats know that independents ’ frustration with the economy and the lack of progress on legislative solutions are hardly limited to Massachusetts .
“ People in our states want us to deal with the economy , with jobs , ” said Maryland Sen. Ben Cardin .
“ All of us are going to be subject to that type of anger . ”
And Republicans may not be protected just because they have an “ R ” after their names .
“ I think everybody has everything to worry about , ” said Arizona Sen .
John McCain , who is up in 2010 and could face conservative former Rep. J.D. Hayworth in a primary this year .
Computational performance -- a beginner 's case study Posted by Louis Brandy on 06 July 2009
So , not too long ago , I wrote this post .
In it , I asked the question which bit of code was faster :
/* going vertical / for ( x=0 ; x < width ; x ++ ) for ( y=0 ; y < height ; y ++ ) a[ ywidth+x ] = b[ ywidth+x ] + c[ywidth+x ]
/* going horizontal / for ( y=0 ; y < height ; y ++ ) for ( x=0 ; x < width ; x ++ ) a[ ywidth+x ] = b[ ywidth+x ] + c[ywidth+x ]
I made the unfortunate comment , at the time , that every programmer should know which is faster .
It turns out that I spoke too soon and maybe was a bit shortsighted .
I found this post on stack overflow .
In it the questioner re-asks the question : which is faster , and why ?
Sadly , the answer he is given , and the answer he chose as the " best " , is almost completely wrong ( UPDATE : the " community " eventually overturned the accepted answer and chose a better one ) .
Since I was the cause of all this confusion , I figured I 'd go ahead and give a detailed explanation of which is faster and why .
The 2d matrices are mapped in row - order , meaning you put each row into memory one after the other .
( Contrasted with column order where each column is put into memory , one after the other . ) .
It 's really important you understand that fact before we proceed because the entire post hinges on that .
If you were to store your matrices in column order , the entire logic of this post flips .
Science
Let them never say we programmers are not scientists .
This is the scientific method at work .
Let 's test these hypotheses with some real experiments .
I 've uploaded the code I 've used to github and you can find it here
For most of my experiments , I added two matrices of size 4096x4096 and stored the result into a third one .
This is large enough to wash out any " cache memory " from our experiments .
If your matrices are sufficiently small , you can fit the entire thing into large L2 caches , ruining the experiment .
These matrices are about 67 MB which ensures that by the time you iterate through one , the beginnings of that matrix will have already been ejected from cache .
Let 's start easy -- which is faster , traversing horizontally or vertically ?
The answer is : horizontal , by a landslide .
I 've compiled two versions of the program , one with optimizations ( - O3 - funroll - loops ) and one without optimizations , and run both .
louis@noisy:~/simple-optimization-test$ ./ slow horiz : 1.123245 vert : 14.359954 louis@noisy:~/simple-optimization-test$
./ fast horiz : 0.525076 vert : 15.049684
It 's not even close , really .
Without any compiler optimizations , the horizontal method is about 15 x as fast while with optimizations , it 's closer to 30 x .
It 's also clear ( and possibly bewildering ) that the compiler optimizations do help the horizontal but do not help the vertical .
So now that we know which is faster , the question moves to why .
Hypothesis 1 : The stack - overflow hypothesis .
Are we CPU bound ?
Let me quote the " chosen " stack overflow answer :
> So if you 're scanning vertically , the next index is calculated as : index = row * numColumns + col ; however , if you 're scanning horizontally then the next index is just as follows : index = index ++ ;
A single addition is going to be fewer op codes for the CPU then a multiplication AND addition , and thus horizontal scanning is faster because of the architecture of computer memory .
Now , let 's remember that the horizontal version is between 15 and 30 times faster depending on our compiler optimization settings .
Immediately , you should be highly skeptical of this answer .
How could a single instruction , or two , make such a staggering difference ?
This is a fairly easy to test hypothesis , as well .
If we look at the inner loop assembly of the unoptimized version of the code , we see the follow code snippets .
VerticalAdd ( unopt . ) HorizAdd ( unopt. ) movl - 4 ( %ebp ) , %eax sall $ 12 , %eax addl - 8 ( %ebp ) , %eax movl %eax , - 12 ( %ebp ) movl - 12 ( %ebp ) , %eax sall $ 2 , %eax movl %eax , %edx addl 16 ( %ebp ) , %edx movl - 12 ( %ebp ) , %eax sall $ 2 , %eax addl 8 ( %ebp ) , %eax flds ( %eax ) movl - 12 ( %ebp ) , %eax sall $ 2 , %eax addl 12 ( %ebp ) , %eax flds ( %eax ) faddp % st , % st ( 1 ) fstps ( %edx ) addl $ 1 , - 8 ( %ebp ) movl - 4 ( %ebp ) , %eax sall $ 12 , %eax addl - 8 ( %ebp ) , %eax movl %eax , - 12 ( %ebp ) movl - 12 ( %ebp ) , %eax sall $ 2 , %eax movl %eax , %edx addl 16 ( %ebp ) , %edx movl - 12 ( %ebp ) , %eax sall $ 2 , %eax addl 8 ( %ebp ) , %eax flds ( %eax ) movl - 12 ( %ebp ) , %eax sall $ 2 , %eax addl 12 ( %ebp ) , %eax flds ( %eax ) faddp % st , % st ( 1 ) fstps ( %edx ) addl $ 1 , - 4 ( %ebp )
You do not need to be an assembly expert ( or even a novice ) to realize that these two inner loops are absolutely 100 % identical .
The only difference occurs outside the computational portion of the loop where the loop variables are incremented , and in which order .
So while it is true that a perfectly optimized horizontal add will have less instructions than a vertical add , that is most certainly not the end of the story .
Hypothesis # 2 : My hypothesis .
Are we cache bound ?
A quick cache primer
( note : other stack overflow respondents share my hypothesis , and they deserve credit , as well ) .
Horizontal adds are better because they make better use of cache .
Specifically , they make accesses to memory in sequential order .
A horizontal add accesses memory in order from start to finish .
A vertical add accesses memory in a strided fashion incrementing by large chunks through memory .
This is not a cache - friendly behavior .
When you access a memory address , the computer loads it into cache , along with its neighbors .
This is called a cache line .
On my CPU , the cache line size is 64 bytes , or 16 floating point numbers .
That means when you load up a particular address , 15 of his neighbors are coming along for the ride .
Since we store our matrix in row order , that means when I ask for a particular element , the CPU will cache 15 neighboring elements to his left and right .
These cache lines are 64 - byte aligned , which means if you ask for 0x07 , you are going to get 0x00 through 0x3 F ( these numbers are multiples of 64 ) .
( note : My example has a few contrived elements to minimize complexity .
I used valloc ( ) in my test program , and I made sure my width was a multiple of 64 .
The net effect of these assumptions is that the beginning of each row is always the beginning of a cache line , and each row is always a clean multiple of the cache line size . )
A cache - eyed view of our algorithms
.
You will load up the first element and you get the 15 following elements ( the cache line ) " for free " .
You then proceed to use those 15 in order , after the first .
At this point , you request the next element ( the 17th ) , and get the next cache line , which you then compute on , and so on .
This fits quite nicely .
Vertical .
You will load up the first element , like before , and get the 15 elements to his right " for free " .
You promptly ignore those 15 elements , and proceed to jump down to the next row ( say , 4096 elements away , if that is the width of the row ) .
You will then load up the second element of the first column , including his cache line ( the 15 elements to his right ) , compute only him , and proceed to the third element .
And so on .
In the horizontal case , you load up all 16 elements and use them .
In the vertical case , you are loading up 16 elements to compute only one of them .
On average , each element is loaded ONCE in the horizontal case , and each element is loaded 16 times in the vertical case ( computed once , ignored 15 x ) .
This means you are doing 16 x as many memory to cache loads in the vertical case .
This hypothesis is immediately appealing because 16 x is on the same order of magnitude of the timing differences we 've seen .
It also explains why compiler optimizations do n't help the vertical .
If we are entirely cache bound , removing unnecessary instructions is n't going to help .
Can we test this more fully ?
Well .
Yes .
Let 's use those extra guys we 've loaded .
Let 's try this bit of code :
void vert_add2 ( float * in1 , float * in2 , float * out ) { int i , j ; for ( j=0 ; j < WIDTH /16 ; j++ ) for ( i=0 ;i< HEIGHT ;i++ ) { int index = i * WIDTH + j*16 ; out [ index ] =in1[index ]+in2[ index ] ; out [ index+1] =in1[index+1]+in2[index+1 ] ; out [ index+2]=in1[index+2]+in2[index+2 ] ; out [ index+3] =in1[index+3]+in2[index+3 ] ; out [ index+4]=in1[index+4]+in2[index+4 ] ; out [ index+5] =in1[index+5]+in2[index+5 ] ; out [ index+6] =in1[index+6]+in2[index+6 ] ; out [ index+7] =in1[index+7]+in2[index+7 ] ; out [ index+8] =in1[index+8]+in2[index+8 ] ; out [ index+9] =in1[index+9]+in2[index+9 ] ; out [ index+10 ] =in1[index+10 ]+in2[index+10 ] ; out [ index+11] =in1[index+11]+in2[index+11 ] ; out [ index+12]=in1[index+12 ]+in2[index+12 ] ; out [ index+13] =in1[index+13]+in2[index+13 ] ; out [ index+14]=in1[index+14]+in2[index+14 ] ; out [ index+15] =in1[index+15 ]+in2[index+15 ] ; } }
In this case , I am still traveling " vertically " , but by cache lines , not elements .
I load up the first cache line of the first row , compute it .
I then load up the first cache line of the second row , compute it .
And so on .
If this hypothesis is true , this should be much faster than the normal vertical addition .
louis@noisy:~/simple-optimization-test$ ./ fast horiz : 0.581028 vert1 : 15.797579 vert_add2 : 1.531041
With this simple change , we 've made the vertical code 10 x faster .
This is strong evidence that our code is cache , not CPU bound .
Follow - up # 1 : Can the vertical code be as fast as the horizontal ?
Probably not .
As the stack overflow patron rightly pointed out , in the end , vertical code will need a marginal amount of extra code .
I suspect the effect of these extra instructions will turn out to be extremely trivial in reality .
The real reason it 's difficult to ever make the vertical code as fast as the horizontal code is because CPUs have built - in hardware prefetchers .
The behavior of modern hardware prefetchers is fairly complicated and their behavior , alone , could fill many posts of this size .
The short version is that a CPU that loads one cache line after the next , in order , is very likely to have some hardware mechanism built - in that begins prefetching cache lines to minimize the wait time .
Accessing one line after the next is an extremely common operation .
For example , adjacent - line prefetching is a fairly common strategy .
It would be fairly difficult to make the CPU prefetch cache lines optimally in the vertical case .
Likewise , the CPU is almost certainly prefetching optimally in the horizontal case , without any help at all .
Follow - up # 2 : Can't this horizontal code be made even faster ?
void horiz_add ( float * in1 , float * in2 , float * out ) { int i , j ; for ( i=0 ;i< HEIGHT ;i++ ) for ( j=0 ; j< WIDTH ;j++ ) { int index = i * WIDTH + j ; out [ index ] =in1 [ index ] +in2 [ index ] ; } }
Many , many , many people ( including people on stack overflow ) will see my code :
... and feel the uncontrollable urge to " optimize " this ...
void fast ( float * in1 , float * in2 , float * out ) { int i ; for ( i=0 ;i< HEIGHT * WIDTH ;i++ ) out [ i] =in1 [ i] +in2 [ i ] ; }
This is obviously faster .
Right ?
Certainly , without compiler optimizations , it will be .
But is the compiler smart enough to do away with the unnecessary calculations and do what is " right " ?
louis@noisy :~/optomization $ ./ slow horiz : 1.669533 fast : 1.273352 louis@noisy:~/optomization$ ./ fast horiz : 0.530805 fast : 0.531471
Laugh .
I ran this about 10 times and the " fast " version won sometimes and lost others .
On average and unscientifically , I 'd say it might be a little faster .
At best , this is an extremely marginal improvement .
In the grand scheme of things , this optimization is completely and totally unnecessary .
It provides , at best , a barely measurable improvement .
And if this bit of code turns out to be a bottleneck ...
Follow - up # 3 : No seriously , can this be made even faster ?
Yes , it can .
That is left , however , as an exercise for the reader .
A weekly comic strip , covering politics , pop culture , and the absurd .
Big Fat Valentines
You Worked an Ass Groove Into My Heart
Let 's Have the Same Argument Forever
( to Cupid ) Do n't Bow Me , Bro !
Whoever said the brain is the largest erogenous zone never saw my wang .
Love Test ( ept pregnancy test ) Pee Here .
I love you .
I do n't .
Be My Porno !
Sorry I 'm Not an Abstinent Vampire
Way to Go , Scout !
You pitched a tent in my pants camp !
Prove that , for any positive integer N , there exists some positive integer X such that 2 ^ N evenly divides X , where X is composed of N digits which are each either a 1 or a 2 .
For example , if N = 2 , X = 12 , because 2^ 2 divides 12 and 12 is a 2 - digit number composed of 1 ’s and 2’s .
If N = 3 , X = 112 , because 2^3 divides 112 and 112 is a 3 - digit number composed of 1 ’s and 2’s .
It may be the case that this proof relies on an inductive argument , showing that it is possible to proceed from N = k to N = k+1 by adding either 10 ^( k+1 ) or 2*10 ^( k+1 ) .
Alternatively , perhaps there is a way to convert an N - digit number composed of 1 ’s and 2’s into a binary representation by some systematic method that would make the proof more obvious .
Or perhaps we can combinatorially consider all possible values of such an N - digit number and systematically demonstrate that at least one must be the target value .
Good luck .
A pair of surveys from Morgan Stanley analysts Tim Davis and Emma Lawon serve to highlight how strongly things have reversed from last year , when everyone had nothing but bad things to say about the good ol ' Greenback .
They should be pretty self - explanatory .
There are a few things that have kept me going , and kept me proud of how I 've been living over the decades .
Pretty near the top of the list is being a vegetarian for ethical reasons .
That was deeply unfashionable back in 1977 when I abandoned meat - eating and went on to make The Animals Film .
I was over the moon when that film had a greater impact than I 'd dreamed it would ; and then I went back to human concerns in my creative work .
It was n't until some 30 years later at the suggestion of the BBC World Service that I returned to this terrain for the radio documentary series One Planet : Animals and Us .
But I 'd remained a vegetarian , and so hoped to discover that the exploitation of animals for food and science had been reduced since the 1980s .
What I found , however , was more than disappointing – a complete absence of decisive progress .
Austria with several new laws has come closest to meaningful change , but even there the number of animals suffering for human needs and pleasures is undiminished , and the industrialised exploitation of animals for food is spreading across the globe .
There has been one unarguable advance , though , and that 's been the progressive " normalisation " of vegetarianism over the years .
When I first settled in Britain , restaurants seldom offered vegetarian choices ; supermarkets barely catered to my needs at all .
London 's main vegetarian restaurant was named Cranks , and that said it all .
Today , by contrast , families happily pop out to the corner shop to buy vegetarian foods to host my young daughter , and " veggie " options are steadily becoming staples in school lunch halls .
In light of this , one New Zealand - based listener 's criticism of my work for the BBC World Service stood out from enthusiastic responses to the programmes .
" So disappointing to hear Schonfeld is still a vegetarian after so many years , " she complained .
What she was underlining is that I had not become a vegan .
Though I concluded the series with Professor Gary Francione calling for vegan education as " the moral baseline " for animal rights , that still left the question : what about me personally , and the way I live now ?
I had stopped short of removing milk and eggs from my diet and all leather and wool from my clothing .
I 'd had my rationales for this , the main one being that I had n't wanted to impose too zealously nonconformist a lifestyle on my family .
Also , in the 1980s , one of the traps for the animal rights movement was marginalisation .
So when I was interviewed about The Animals Film and journalists thought they 'd caught me out in personal inconsistencies , I 'd say I wore leather shoes or took milk in my coffee so that the implications of the film could n't be dismissed by labelling the filmmaker a fanatic .
But now in the 21st century supermarkets routinely cater to vegetarian food buyers , restaurant menus regularly display vegetarian symbols , and the harm to health and the global environment caused by factory farming has become established knowledge .
It 's time for vegans to become vocal .
Even free range eggs and organic milk production entail significant suffering and the animals are killed when their productivity goes down .
Yet we are socialised from early childhood to use a plethora of animal products without thinking .
To follow a vegan path requires daily thought and effort .
Here 's what I 've realised : getting to that ultimate zero-exploitation goal may be elusive , but the continuing efforts are empowering .
So , on an individual level I 'm hopeful .
But the Animals and Us series made vivid that the organised group efforts on behalf of animals have been largely fruitless to date , in terms of the end goals , and campaigns for small changes are quite possibly counterproductive .
The organised activism is sorely in need of fresh perspectives .
Thus I submit here for scrutiny five fatal flaws of animal activism :
1. Instead of promoting animal rights goals as a major plank within broader social change movements , animal organisations insist on going it alone .
Yet the Green party 's animal rights goals are as radical as any animal rights organisation's .
2 . One of the world 's largest animal rights organisations routinely employs naked young women , including porn stars , to chase mass media attention .
Would a human rights organisation stoop so low ?
3. Animal rights organisations have been handing out awards and lavishing praise on slaughterhouse designers and burger restaurant chains after " negotiations " for small changes that leave the systems of exploitation intact .
4. Instead of animal rights organisations promoting a clear " moral baseline " that individuals should become vegans to curb their own demands for animal exploitation , groups have given their stamp of approval to deeply compromised marketing concepts such as " happy meat " , " freedom foods " , " sustainable meat " , and " conscientious omnivores " .
5 . Tactics of violence and personal intimidation have at long last fallen out of favour , but activists now pour energy and resources into organisations that lack any real strategy for bringing an end to animal exploitation , whether for food or science .
Animal activists have not been asking themselves the difficult questions , and organisational self - promotion stunts substitute for the less glamorous work of figuring out how to help each of us change the way we live .
Much noise , little change .
Perhaps it 's time to reverse that .
On my first visit to Dzone , I was wondering about their infinite scrolling system and how it is created .
Therefore I went to my colleague , javascript master , and asked him how this can be done ?
He looked at it and made some map in his mind , took less than 2 hours and came out with this infinite scroll plugin .
.
Take a look at this DEMO
.
Step 1 : Prepare HTML using PHP
Place following code inside your HTML file ( . php ) .
And repalce values of ' $ i ' as per your requirement .
< ul id =" infinite_scroll " > <? php for ( $ i = 0 ; $ i < 10 ; $ i ++ ) { ? > < li >
This is my some title and is at number <? php echo $ i ? >
< p > Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet , consectetur adipisicing elit , sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua . < div id =" g38g49l43s28t33 " >< div > Saranno resi viagra fa bene alla prostata pubblici nella prima settimana del 2003 .
Può sentire < a href = " https://italiapharmacia24.com/ordina-viagra-professional/ ">
Viagra professional comprare </a> sicuri della sua presenza in caso di comparsa di levitra femminile dolore alla colonna .
Editions funzionalita viagra of issues 5 , or so it is recommended that you check .
</div></div>
Ut enim ad minim veniam , quis nostrud exercitation ullamco .
</ p> </li > <? php } ?> </ul >
.
Step 2 : Copy CSS to style sheet
Simply copy these lines in your CSS file and you can modify it too but carefully .
#infinite_scroll { height : 200 px ; overflow-y : scroll ; margin - top : 50 px ; border : 1 px solid #ccc ; padding : 10 px ; } #infinite_scroll a { font - weight : bold ; } #infinite_scroll p { margin- bottom : 20 px ; width : 90 % } .loading { text - align : right ; margin - top : - 100 px }
.
Step 3 : Add Jquery and scroll Plugin
Now add following scripts just inside head tag of your html
All Done !
.
Here is the final DEMO
.
Cheers !!
US Must Transition to Clean Power by 2012 or Miss the Chance
January 26th , 2010 by Susan Kraemer
If the US was smart , we would be funding a massive switch to renewable energy now , while we still can .
By 2012 we could be out of luck .
China is sitting on the only currently mined sources of many of the rare earth minerals needed to build electric cars , solar panels and wind turbines .
Reasonably enough , having developed the resources , China wants to keep them for its own needs , that is has planned for .
But we are not smart .
Even before the Supreme Court ruling this week , we already allowed fossil interests to dictate our energy policy by allowing the purchase of both policy makers and the formerly public airwaves to impede smart energy policy .
In no other democracy is such corruption allowed .
The result is that we will be out of the ability to protect ourselves from peak oil from 2012 to at least 2020 ( the earliest that new rare earth mines outside China might begin to come online ) .
If we do n’t pass effective climate legislation this year , we will miss that crucial transition window .
Now that other nations are beginning to move into renewable energy development , the world will need 200,000 tons of rare earth elements by 2014 .
In just a decade world needs went from 40,000 tons to 120,000 tons , but there is not enough to go around .
Faced with shortages , China plans to stop exporting completely by 2012 .
As a result , just at the same time that we will be beginning to see the effects of peak oil , making oil increasingly expensive , we will suffer a crucial gap in the materials needed to build renewable energy .
The shortages will be worst in Dysprosium and Neodymium to make electric vehicle motors and in Erbuium to manufacture vanadium steel needed for wind turbines .
One nation will be able to bypass peak oil and transition to the new renewable energy economy , because it thought ahead , and that is China .
That is survival of the fittest , I guess .
There ’s some ways around the Senate stalemate , though .
One very effective way to transition fast to clean power in a way that can bypass our Senate block on cap and trade , is to make PACE funding for renewable energy available to homeowners nationwide in the budget .
Budget funding can be passed with a majority of of just 51 votes like in other democracies .
Related stories :
Joe Biden : Solar Power America With PACE Funding
Rooftop Solar = 4 % of Sonoma County ’s Power !
Image : Sun Light & Power
Source : The Independent
More from Susan Kraemer Journalists on Twitter
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
BANGALORE : The ancestors of most Asian populations , including the Chinese and southeast Asians , came from India , a new genetic study across 10 countries has revealed .
The study found that humans first migrated to the Indian subcontinent from Africa some 100,000 years ago and then spread to other parts of Asia .
" When humans moved out of Africa , there was a migration to India and from India to southeast Asia and then east Asia , and finally to the Americas .
So , all Asians have a genetic connection with India , " Mitali Mukerji , a scientist from the Institute of Genomics and Integrative Biology who was in the team , said .
The study — Mapping Human Genetic History in Asia — was conducted in 10 Asian countries including India .
Apart from the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research DG Samir Brahmachari , the Indian study team comprised eight members and some students from IGIB , New Delhi , anthropologist Partha Majumdar and researchers from the Centre for Genomic Applications .
The study contradicts earlier findings that humans directly went to East Asia from Africa .
The study found remarkable similarities between the Dravidian population of south India and specific populations in Malaysia and Singapore .
More interestingly , north Indians and Dravidians , too , were found to be genetically connected — meaning there are similarities in their gene structures .
The chief negotiator for China and the small African nations at Copenhagen has accused Prime Minister Kevin Rudd of lying to the Australian people about his position on climate change .
Lumumba Di-Aping , who represents China and the G77 group of small countries , was speaking as the talks remained deadlocked and world leaders , including Mr Rudd , began arriving in the Danish capital .
Mr Di-Aping said he had high expectations of Mr Rudd , but claimed that throughout the negotiations the Australian Government has not matched its actions with its rhetoric .
" The message Kevin Rudd is giving to his people , his citizens , is a fabrication , it 's fiction , " he said .
" It does not relate to the facts because his actions are climate change scepticism in action .
" All that Australia has done so far is simply not good enough .
" It 's puzzling in the sense that here is a Prime Minister who actually won the elections because of his commitment to climate change , " he added .
" He was the only Prime Minister who came and clearly said we have to do something , we have to join Kyoto protocol and all the rest .
" And within a very short period of time he changes his mind , changes his position , he starts acting as if he has been converted into climate change scepticism .
All what Australia has done so far is simply not good enough .
The G77 and China claim that the talks have broken down , degenerating into a fight between the developed and the developing world .
Mr Di-Aping accused Mr Rudd of trying to gain a strategic economic advantage by siding with the United States and the European Union at Copenhagen .
" Australia is committed to killing Kyoto , " he said .
" All the actions of Prime Minister Kevin Rudd is basically a move away and a killing of Kyoto Protocol . "
He says the talks have reached a deadlock because the developed world is not committed to helping poor countries in their efforts to adapt to and mitigate the effects of climate change .
Meanwhile , world leaders have begun arriving at the Copenhagen summit as efforts continue to salvage the talks .
Full ministerial sessions have begun , amid fears too little progress has been made so far .
Mr Rudd told a news conference in Copenhagen that his aim at the climate change talks is to get the best possible agreement in Australia 's national interest .
He said that meant getting a genuine agreement between rich and poor countries to tackle climate change for the first time in history .
" It also must be an agreement which is the cheapest , the most effective , the most pro-jobs agreement possible , " he said .
" Just as the Carbon Pollution Reduction Scheme is the cheapest most effective way to act on climate change locally , so too is an agreement here in Copenhagen the cheapest and most effective way to act globally . "
' Come a long way '
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon says rich and poor nations should stop blaming each other for their differences and bring new and more ambitious proposals to the table .
Speaking at the opening of the plenary session , Mr Ban urged the delegates to compromise to overcome problems encountered so far .
" We have come a long way .
Let us not falter in the home stretch , " he said .
" Our goal is to lay the foundation for a legally binding climate treaty as early as possible in 2010 .
" We do not have another year to deliberate - nature does not negotiate with us . "
Earlier , a senior UN official warned that negotiations were progressing too slowly and that there was still an enormous amount of work to be done .
Observers say there are still deep divisions between rich and poor nations , which highlighted by the Americans saying they do not expect to offer any further cuts in their carbon emissions .
Developing countries have meanwhile accused industrialised nations of going back on their commitment to fight climate change .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy , US President Barack Obama , German Chancellor Angela Merkel and British Prime Minister Gordon Brown have held a 50 - minute joint telephone call to discuss progress at UN climate talks in Denmark .
A French statement says the four leaders covered the main areas that are currently being negotiated at the conference in Copenhagen , but provided no details on their discussions .
In Copenhagen , Governor of California Arnold Schwarzenegger told delegates that leaders and ministers will not be able to find a solution on their own .
" They need to co-operation ( sic ) the activists , the scientists , the universities , " he said .
" They need the individuals whose vision and determination create movements .
So ladies and gentlemen , let us regain our momentum , let us regain our purpose , let us regain our hope . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Women who helped keep Britain supplied with food and timber during World War II have enjoyed tea with the Queen .
More than 90 veterans - dubbed Land Girls and Lumber Jills - joined Her Majesty , who herself served in the war in the Auxiliary Territorial Service .
The event - held in the Buckingham Palace ballroom - marked the anniversary of the Women 's Land Army 's ( WLA ) disbandment 59 years ago .
One former dairy maid , Dorothea Allen , told the BBC it was " very nice indeed " .
The Duke of Edinburgh , the Duchess of Cornwall , Princess Alexandra and Princess Michael of Kent also joined the veterans .
Felling trees
The WLA was set up in June 1939 to help on farms , increase the amount of food grown in Britain and replace male agricultural workers , who were away fighting the war .
At its peak in 1943 , there were 80,000 Land Girls who carried out tasks such as hoeing , ploughing , lifting potatoes , lambing and looking after poultry .
There was one admiral who said that , but for the Land Army , we would n't have won the war
Jean Procter
British WLA Society chairman
More than 6,000 Lumber Jills also worked in the Women 's Timber Corps ( WTC ) , felling trees and running sawmills , supplying the mining industry and aircraft manufacturers .
Mrs Allen said she had loved the work , even though it was physically demanding .
" When you 're a dairy maid you have to work outside on the fields as well , " she said .
" I thoroughly enjoyed it .
" I 'd like to be there now , it was just wonderful . "
Another Land Girl , Peggy Cannon , told the BBC : " It was men 's work , but we were quite fit , we did n't seem to notice it . "
Jean Procter , chairman of the British WLA Society , said the Land Girls ' contribution was vital .
At its peak in 1943 , there were 80,000 Land Girls in the UK " There was one admiral who said that , but for the Land Army , we would n't have won the war because he said , ' My army could n't walk without food . '
" He said , ' If you 've no food for the Army , you 've no army - [ and ] no victories . "
After the tea Mrs Procter said : " Everybody was thrilled to bits - it was something we never expected would ever happen .
" We 've had the recognition we 've worked so hard for . "
The government presented surviving members of the WLA and WTC with a badge in December 2007 , commemorating their service .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Nissan , led by enthusiastic CEO Carlos Ghosn , has emerged as a surprise leader in the push toward electrification of the automobile .
What is so remarkable about this is Nissan was not even part of the EV conversation two years ago .
Now the company is poised to be the first major manufacturer to mass - produce electric vehicles .
The Nissan Leaf is slated to appear in a handful of test markets by the end of the year , putting the company neck - and - neck with General Motors and the Chevrolet Volt expected at about the same time .
Nissan 's sudden change in focus was the result of Ghosn 's personal vision and his willingness to force it through his company from the top down .
The impatient CEO recently told Bloomberg , " The engineers will always tell you , ‘ Wait a little more , ’ and if you keep playing this game , you never launch any product . ”
Sheer force of will from a charismatic leader can accomplish great things when matched with a company that has a good reputation for execution .
Cars , however , are complicated pieces of engineering , and an electric vehicle presents numerous fresh challenges to Nissan engineers .
Intense pressure from the top may have created a sense of urgency , but it also appears to have driven the company to take some shortcuts .
First , Nissan overpromised on the realistic range by consistently quoting a number tied to the most optimistic benchmark , the LA4 cycle .
Drivers who stick to stop - and - go traffic on city streets in temperate climates may indeed consistently see 100 miles of range , but most drivers will see significantly less in a mix of city and highway driving .
Driving in California , the country 's top market for electric vehicles , involves a lot of time on highways where the 65 mph speed limit is rarely observed .
The LA4 cycle Nissan quotes mostly stay below 30 mph with one two - minute " sprint " at 55 mph every 22 - minute cycle .
It also appears Nissan has cut corners on the most critical aspect of electric vehicle technology – the battery pack .
The key engineering trade - off Nissan has made is opting not to include active thermal management , where the temperature of the pack is controlled by an HVAC system similar to what cools the passenger cabin on a hot day .
Instead , Nissan has opted to use only an internal fan that circulates the air within the sealed pack to evenly distribute the heat , which escapes by passive radiation through the pack 's external case .
Thermal management in lithium - ion battery packs is critical to the long - term performance and quality of the battery .
The manganese oxide pack is sensitive to high temperature and the primary consequence is that the pack will degrade more rapidly than one with active thermal management .
This problem will be worse in hotter climates such as Phoenix , which Nissan has selected as one of its launch cities .
Mark Perry , Nissan 's director of product planning for the United States , dismissed the importance of active thermal management .
" We do n't need thermal management for the U.S. , but we are looking at the technology for Dubai and other locations like that ....
We 've gone on the record saying that the pack has a 70 to 80 percent capacity after 10 years , " he told Wired.com .
Pressed on whether that is realistic for a passively cooled manganese oxide pack , Perry said yes .
" If it was n't our pack and it was n't our engineers and we were n't working on it for 17 years ... we would n't make the statement if we were n't confident in our ability to do so , " he said .
But we heard a different story from Paul Hawson , a Nissan product planner who worked on the Leaf , when the automaker brought the Leaf to the Wired offices in November .
Asked why Nissan chose not to use active thermal management , Hawson explained the engineers experimented with it but found it required a central tunnel on top of the pack .
That would intrude on cabin space , splitting the rear bench into two seats with a hump in the middle .
Nissan , he said , decided to use only passive cooling to preserve passenger space .
Asked to confirm that , Perry insisted Hawson had misunderstood the question and said , " We do n't make sacrifices in performance .
The electric vehicle is the number one priority at Nissan . "
General Motors has taken a different approach with the battery in the Chevrolet Volt .
Although it uses a similar lithium manganese chemistry , GM opted to use an active liquid cooling system .
Doing so ensures optimal power and lifespan , said Tony Posawatz , vehicle line director for the Volt .
" Thermal management [ with lithium manganese batteries ] has bookend issues to manage : minimized power at low temperatures and life reduction at high exposure to higher temperatures , " he said .
" If you want to replace your battery every four to five years and someone is willing to pay for [ a replacement battery ] , either the customer or the manufacturer , a modest or minimal HVAC system may work . "
The Volt actively manages both low - temperature and high - temperature conditions .
" Additionally , we cycle the battery in a much friendlier way than our BEV competitors which need an 85 percent state - of - charge window to get their miles and this EV range begins degrading after day one of usage , " Posawatz added , referring to the fact that the Volt only cycles through 8 kilowatt - hours of the pack 's 16 - kilowatt - hour capacity , which also contributes to longer life .
Even with these conservative engineering approaches , Posawatz said , " our 10 - year target still yields a battery with 70 to 75 percent of the capacity at the end of life . "
Nissan 's confidence on this matter aside , early purchasers of the Leaf should consider taking the company up on its offer to lease the battery , which would leave any financial risk of early battery degradation where it belongs – with Nissan .
Darryl Siry was the chief marketing officer of Tesla Motors and an adviser to Coda Automotive .
Photo : Jon Snyder / Wired.com
See Also :
Washington -
The United Nations announced Thursday it completed building a primary seismic warning station near the Iranian border that can detect shock waves caused by nuclear experiments .
The station will allow the major powers to monitor Iranian efforts to develop nuclear weapons .
The Preparatory Commission for the Comprehensive Nuclear - Test - Ban Treaty Organization ( CTBTO ) in Vienna published an official announcement on its website confirming the establishment of the station , which will be used to detect earth quakes and radioactivity .
The station was built in the city of Ashgabat in Turkmenistan – only several miles away from the Iranian border .
Three hundred and forty stations that monitor seismic activity caused by nuclear blasts already exist worldwide .
The decision to build a station near the Iranian border came following intelligence reports showing that Iran has built a 400 meter - deep underground site that might be used to hold nuclear tests .
The warning station can detect extremely weak blasts , measuring as low as 2.75 on the Richter scale .
Earlier , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said time is running out for Iran to avoid sanctions over its nuclear program .
Gibbs reemphasized that Iran 's deadline remains the end of the year .
In recent weeks , Iran has avoided responding to the powers vis-à - vis transferring its Uranium overseas .
However , it did announce it will build several nuclear facilities , which it is not obligated to report .
BELFAST ( Reuters ) -
The extramarital affair conducted by Iris Robinson , the wife of Northern Ireland ’s First Minister , has inspired an internet campaign to push “ Mrs Robinson , ” the song from the film “ The Graduate , ” to the top of the British pop charts .
The drive began after Robinson , 60 , said last week she tried to kill herself last year following an affair with a then 19 - year - old man that resembles the plot of Mike Nichols ’ Oscar - winning film .
A university graduate played by a young Dustin Hoffman was seduced by the older Anne Bancroft in the 1967 movie which helped the Simon and Garfunkel song to number one in the United States pop charts a year later .
“ Lets get the iconic song Mrs Robinson - made famous by the 1960 ’s hit The Graduate - to number 1 in next Sunday ’s chart in honor of Northern Ireland ’s disgraced first lady , ” the campaign page , hatched on the Facebook website , said .
Participants have to download the song from the internet .
A similar drive on Facebook , the world ’s No.1 internet social network , put US rap-metal band Rage Against The Machine on top of the Christmas chart but the 10,000 people backing “ Mrs Robinson ” falls someway short of the near one - million who supported that push .
Peter Robinson temporarily stood down as first minister on Monday to face an inquiry over whether he should have told authorities of the 50,000 pounds ( $ 80,000 ) his wife raised to help the 19 - year - old man open a cafe in Belfast .
41 Kommentare
1 ) JTB
, Samstag , 28 .
November 2009 , 13:40 Uhr
So oder so ähnlich könnte es gewesen sein .
Aber glaubt wirklich jemand , dass sie den Job schlechter machen wird als Franz Josef Jung ?
2 ) tsetse
, Samstag , 28 .
November 2009 , 13:47 Uhr
Dass das Arbeitsministerium den Stellenwert eines Abstellplatzes für unfähige Minister wie Jung hat , ist ein Skandal für den allein Merkel eigentlich zurück treten müsste ; mal abgesehen davon , Führungspositionen nach Bundeslandproporz zu vergeben .
Ich könnte nur noch ko **en !
3 ) Peter Christian Nowak
, Samstag , 28 .
November 2009 , 14:14 Uhr
Ihr Kommentar *
Kein Unternehmen könnte es sich leisten Leute in Führungspositionen zu heben , weil sie das richtige Parteibuch , aus dem “ richtigen ” Bundesland kommen oder gar eine Modelkarriere hinter sich haben .
Man stelle sich vor , das Max - Planck - Institut für Physik würde so eine Heidi Klum oder ähnliche Figuren zur Leiterin der physikalischen oder medizinischen Abteilung machen : eine einzige Lachplatte !
In der Politik aber ist das möglich .
Deshalb ist dieses Land gesellschaftspolitisch wie wirtschaftspolitisch so ruiniert wie es eben ist !
In anderen Ländern wie Frankreich beispielsweise finden wir die gleichen Niedergangssymptome .
Das wirkliche Leistungspotential in Wirtschafts - und Finanzpolitik beschränken sich auf ihre Aufgabe , die sie in ihren Universitäten erfüllen müssen .
Sie wollen mit den mehr als zweifelhaften politischen Praktiken und deren intellektuell lausigen Protagonisten wie den “ Leyens , Jungs , Brüderles , Westerwelles , Merkels ” und vielen anderen nichts am Hut haben .
4 ) peter braufels
, Samstag , 28 .
November 2009 , 14:41 Uhr
sie gilt in _fachkreisen_ als “ islam - kennerin ” ?
weil sie ein bisschen mit der struktur islamischer organisationen in deutschland vertraut ist und oberflächliche statements zu radikalen strömungen ( also ein – nach ihren eigenen angaben - absolutes randgebiet ) abgibt ist sie eine kennerin des islam ?
ohne ihre positionen inhaltlich bewerten zu wollen : das ist aber sehr großzügig bemessen .
zum thema : ja , das von Ihnen beschriebene szenario ist erschreckend plausibel .
ich war von anfang an skeptisch gegenüber der neuen regierung – aber das sie in so kurzer zeit so viel glaubwürdigkeit verspielen würde , das hätte ich nicht gedacht .
5 ) albertus28
, Samstag , 28 .
November 2009 , 16:44 Uhr
Ihr Kommentar
* Ja , genau so geht das , so wie sich Klein - Fritzchen / M. Spreng die Welt vorstellt .
6 ) V’kar
, Samstag , 28 .
November 2009 , 16:45 Uhr
Wir sind eben inzwischen eine Bananenrepublik .
Abgeordnete , die sich auf den letzten Drücke Füller en masse bestellen , Gesetze , die verfassungswidrig und handwerklich schlecht sind , obwohl sie wahrscheinlich nicht einmal von den Abgeordneten , sondern von der Industrie und Anwaltskanzleien geschrieben wurden , und Minister , die nach Aussehen , Proporz und Verdienst besetzt werden , nicht nach können .
Wie Fefe schon schrieb : Jetzt haben wir keinen kompetenten Minister mehr .
Schäuble Finanzminister , Westerwelle Aussenminister und so weiter und so fort .
Die Deutschland AG wäre bald pleite .
Aber in der Politik kann mans ja machen .
7 ) Karsten Wachtmann
, Samstag , 28 .
November 2009 , 16:53 Uhr
ich möchte einmal eine mögliche Stellenanzeige zum Bundesminister lesen , da kann doch nichts draufstehen .
Die müssen doch auch nichts können , Parteibuch muss vorhanden sein und Fussatmen muss perfektioniert sein .
Ach ja lügen ohne Scham und roter Gesichtsfarbe ist wichtig .
8 ) S.W .
, Samstag , 28 .
November 2009 , 17:37 Uhr
Der bisher schönste Kommentar , seit dem ich Ihren Blog verfolge .
Daumen hoch .
9 ) Thomas Lange
, Samstag , 28 .
November 2009 , 17:45 Uhr
Ein gutes hat die Sache – Roland Kochs Intimus FJ Jung ist wieder frei , hat er doch nur die politische Verantwortung übernommen , nicht aber eine Mitschuld eingestanden .
So einen braucht das ZDF als Chefredakteur .
Das öffentlich - rechtliche Fernsehen wäre damit endgültig “ staatstragend ” und Roland Koch bräuchte sich nicht mehr vor kritischen Nachfragen fürchten .
Ein Schelm wer böses dabei denkt …
10 ) Ste
, Samstag , 28 .
November 2009 , 18:23 Uhr
Wer ist Roland Koch ?
11 ) symm
, Samstag , 28 .
November 2009 , 18:36 Uhr
Ich befürworte Ihre These , dass Frau K. Köhlers einzige “ Qualifikation ” darin besteht , Hessin zu sein .
Ach und sie passt wunderbar ins Untertanen - Kabinett der Kanzlerin , denn eine frisch ernannte 32 jährige Bundesministerin , die dahin nicht aus eigener Kraft gekommen ist , könnte gar nicht gegen den merkelschen Strich bürsten .
Ledig , kinderlos , eine seit dem 12 .
Lebensjahr geprägte CDU - Sozialisation bzw .
Charakterbildung … ach wer denkt schon in Schubladen , wenn jemand das Ministerium für “ Familie , Senioren , Frauen und Jugend ” übernimmt .
Fakten stören da nur .
Eigene ( Fach ) Kompetenzen braucht man eh nicht , wenn einem nur zugearbeitet wird .
Was für eine Karikatur .
Vorbildfunktion für Ihr Ressort oder für Zyniker ?
Ich bin mal meine Schränke aufräumen … Im Übrigen : Was macht Frau K. Köhler “ intelligent ” und “ sympathisch ” , verehrter Herr Spreng ?
Ein NDS - Leser und Politik - Student
12 ) M.M .
, Samstag , 28 .
November 2009 , 18:46 Uhr
Ihr Kommentar *
Die ganze neue Regierung hat hinter ihrer Fassade das pure Nichts .
Ein Single als Familienministerin .
Das ist ja wirklich ein genialer Einfall .
Toll !
Was macht eigentlich Ursula aus Niedersachsen in Ihrem neuen Arbeitsministerium mit dem vom Wissenschaftsministerium ins Arbeitsministerium umgesetzten Staatssekretär Storm .
Das ist der Staatssekretär , der kein Bundestagsmandat erhalten hat .
Weder das Direktmandat noch
ein CDU - Mandat ueber die Landesliste .
Oder findet da jetzt auch eine neue “ Rotation ” statt .
Zuvor wurden aus diesem Ministerium ja die Staatssekretäre der SPD “ entfernt ” .
Wann nehmen
eigentlich die Führungskräfte ihre Arbeit auf ?
Oder spielt das keine Rolle mehr ?
13 ) armer Moldavier
, Samstag , 28 .
November 2009 , 19:07 Uhr
Guter Artikel , wie meist Herr Spreng .
Vieleicht etwas OT , aber einer Frage wert : Wenn die “ Super - Nanny ” der Nation und Geburtshelferin U.v.d.L
nun Arbeitsministerin wird , verdoppelt sich dann die Anzahl der Arbeitslosen , oder steigt die Geburtenrate in diesem Personenkreis ?
Stichwort : Demografie .
14 ) W.B .
, Samstag , 28 .
November 2009 , 19:21 Uhr
… und jetzt bitte noch einen Artikel zu “ Wie man Ministerin bleibt ” .
Was wohl eine katholische Religionspädagogin zur Forschungsministerin qualifiziert …
15 ) Fragender
, Samstag , 28 .
November 2009 , 20:53 Uhr
Mich wundert es eher , daß überhaupt noch irgendwer zur Wahl geht , meint , etwas mit seinem Kreuzchen verbessern oder verhindern zu können .
Warum fühlen sich die meisten Menschen von “ der Politik ” veräppelt ?
Weil sie veräppelt wurden .
Warum haben wir alle das Gefühl , daß wir nun von den Banken abgezockt werden , die sich vom Staat die miesen Papiere haben abkaufen lassen ?
Weil wir von den Banken abgezockt worden sind .
Warum ist es möglich , daß es CDU Spendenaffairen gibt oder gab und sich die maßgeblichen Funktionäre plötzlich an nichts mehr erinnern können oder meinen , daß ihr Ehrenwort wichtiger als das Gemeinwohl sei – – und daß diese Menschen danach weiterhin noch wählbar sind oder waren ?
Weil sich die meisten Menschen wohl damit abgefunden haben , daß sie “ vom System ” nur geduldet werden , solange sie still halten .
Vor einigen Jahren gab es Menschen , die gingen auf die Straße und riefen :
WIR sind das Volk – – – und sie brachten damit den eisernen Vorhang zu Fall .
WIR sind auch jetzt noch das Volk – – – und es liegt an uns und nur an uns , wie viel wir uns noch gefallen lassen wollen – – – der parlamentarische
Weg ist schal geworden , die Posten sind von Sesselfurzern ( sorry für diesen Umgangston – besetzt ) – von Menschen , die mit dem realen Leben anscheinend kaum noch was gemeinsam haben .
Wir erschrecken über die ach so furchtbare Wettmafia oder die ach so furchtbare Doping Mafia , über die ach so schrecklichen Vorgänge innerhalb ach so wichtiger Kirchen , in denen auch so kleine Messdiener missbraucht werden und – sollten sie nicht stille sein – womöglich noch exkommuniziert werden – wir erschrecken über die Mafia in unserem und in anderen Ländern und es kommen wöchentlich neue erschreckende Fakten ans Licht .
Wäre es auf der Couch nicht so gemütlich , würden wir alle bestimmt was dafür tun , daß es bald besser wird , ist versprochen , sobald es im Frühjahr wieder warm wird , kümmern wir uns darum , falls wir dann dazu Zeit haben …
Wie ächzen , wir meckern , wir ärgern uns und haben Sorgen , jeder für sich und alle gemeinsam und ziehen doch schön brav weiter den Pflug , tragen das Joch .
Erblicken wir im Spiegel der Geschichte unser Abbild , schauen wir beschämt zur Seite und hoffen darauf , daß andere uns erretten , uns helfen , für uns den
Mut haben , diesen Eliten , die uns veräppeln ein NEIN entgegen zu halten .
16 ) nur mal so
, Samstag , 28 .
November 2009 , 20:57 Uhr
welcher wert einzelnen ministerien von der regierung beigemessen wird , kann man anhand der personen sehen , mit denen diese ministerposten besetzt sind .
17 ) HBW
, Samstag , 28 .
November 2009 , 21:15 Uhr
Ihr Kommentar *
Ich möchte ergänzen : v. d. Leyen , eine Merkel - Vertraute und willige Gehilfin , wollte ja unbedingt das Familienministerium loswerden , denn dort hätte sie in den nächsten Jahren die von ihr mit viel Wind eingebrockten Suppen wieder auslöffeln müssen .
Die Geburtenkurve zeigt gnadenlos weiter nach unten .
Elterngeld , Krippenexplosion , Vereinbarung von diesem und jenem – die großartige Wende in der Familienpolitik ist grandios gescheitert .
Leyen musste zähneknirschend auf ihrem Stuhl ausharren , da Rössler das von ihr gewünschte Gesundheitsministerium bekam .
Jetzt ergab sich die geniale Gelegenheit für die Kanzlerin , das Problem einer unzufriedenen UvdL gleich mitzuerledigen .
Außerdem konnte die Frauenquote ob dieser “ Zwänge ” um eine weitere Ministerin erhöht werden …
18 ) JG
, Samstag , 28 .
November 2009 , 21:56 Uhr
@ Peter Christian Nowak Nach all den Erfahrungen damit , wie viele angeblich fähige , hochqualifizierte ( und deshalb in jedem Falle , auch dem des Versagens , üppig bezahlte ) Manager Unternehmen an die Wand gefahren haben , möchte ich Ihren Glauben besitzen !
Und sicher werden in Ländern , die uns immer als leuchtende Beispiele des Aufblühens verkauft werden ( wie China oder die Golfstaaten ) nicht Posten nach Parteibuch , Sympathie , Familienbande , Klüngelmitgliedschaft , “ Stallgeruch ” und ähnlichem verteilt .
19 ) Holzwolle
, Samstag , 28 .
November 2009 , 23:44 Uhr
Ich hatte die letzten Jahre den Eindruck dass sich die Sozis verbraucht haben , aber mittlerweile wird mir erst bewusst , das sie bestimmte Kräfte in Schach gehalten haben , die sich jetzt erst austoben können .
20 ) czar
, Sonntag , 29 .
November 2009 , 00:37 Uhr
Sorry , aber ehrlich : Warum ist es für eine Familienministerin denn wichtig , ob sie ledig ist ?
Das sind so Sachen , die müssen doch 2009 nicht mehr sein .
21 ) Freud
, Sonntag , 29 .
November 2009 , 07:54 Uhr
So verkehrt muß diese Berufung gar nicht sein .
Zum einen kann es durchaus sein , daß Köhler reüssieren wird – die Tatsache , daß sie der Öffentlichkeit unbekannt und Journalisten nur wenig bekannt ist , entfaltet keinerlei Aussagekraft in Bezug auf ihre Eignung fürs Amt .
Zum anderen muß man doch die alte Erkenntnis auffrischen , daß Minister vor allem gute Behördenleiter sein sollen , die das im Beamtenstab des Ministeriums vorhandene Fachwissen mit dem politischen Führungswillen in Übereinstimmung bringen .
Daher geht die Erwähnung ihres Familienstandes und ihrer Kinderlosigkeit fehl .
Verteidigungsminister müssen nicht gedient haben , Wirtschaftsminister keine Unternehmer sein , Gesundheitsminister keine Ärzte , Verkehrsminister keine Märklin - Bahn haben , um für ihr Amt geeignet zu sein .
Noch etwas scheint mir wichtig zu sein : das neue Kabinett Merkel besteht aus Ministern , von denen man bereits heute nichts mehr erwartet :
Westerwelle , von dem man nur hofft , er kommt ohne große Pannen durchs Amt
Brüderle , von dem man hofft , er möge à la Glos , Michel , möglichst wenig auffallen
Niebel , der sich wohl selbst wundert , Minister geworden zu sein
Da kann sehr wohl Raum für eine junge Frau sein , die politische Überzeugungstäterin ist – also : jemand mit soliden Grundüberzeugungen , die ihr Handeln prägen .
Trotz allem Gerede sind es doch gerade die ideologiefreien , angeblich oder wirklich nur an “ der Sache ” orientierten Politiker , die am wenigsten zu überzeugen vermögen .
Letzteres trifft doch wohl auf die Kanzlerin selbst auch zu und erklärt die Ermüdung , die sie gerade in ihrer eigenen Partei auslöst .
Jedenfalls wünsche ich mir mehr Ideologen in den Volksparteien : Menschen , die einen klar ausgerichteten , inneren Kompaß haben , die eine politische Richtung verfolgen , und nicht jeden Tag in eine andere Richtung laufen .
In diesem Sinne kann Köhler sich durchaus gut entwickeln und ein ordentliches politisches Gewicht entwickeln .
22 ) Dierk
, Sonntag , 29 .
November 2009 , 10:03 Uhr
Sieh an , Frau Köhler hat keine Kinder , da kann sie ja von Familie nichts verstehen .
Was wir brauchen ist einer jener Väter , die ihre Frauen mit 3 oder 4 Kindern haben sitzen lassen , einfach abgehauen sind , weil es auf der anderen Seite eine grünere Wiese gab .
Männer , die keinen Unterhalt zahlen .
Oder eine dieser armen
Teenager , die nie vernünftig aufgeklärt wurden , plötzlich auf dem Klo ein Kind aus sich rausfallen lassen , das sie dann im nächsten Ascheimer entsorgen .
Oder doch lieber die völlig überforderte 46 - jährige mit 13 Kindern jeden Alters , Papa auf Schicht , will abends seine Ruhe , seine Puschen und ‘ nen Kasten Bier haben ; bevorzugte Erziehungsmethode : zulangen .
Bisher weiß ich von Frau Köhler nur , dass sie aus Hessen kommt , jung ist , studierte Soziologin ist [ Hilfe , die ist doof , die hat nie mit ihren Händen gearbeitet ! ] .
Die eine oder andere Einlassung zu ihr lässt mich vermuten , dass ich weltanschaulich wenig mit ihr gemein habe .
Ob sie ‘ne gute Familienministerien wird ?
Keine Ahnung , warten wir ab , was sie denn so machen möchte .
Und damit das auch hier mal geschrieben wird : Könnten all jene , die meinen , D wäre eine Bananenrepublik , entweder mal eine echte Bananenrepublik ansehen [ wenn euch das zu gefährlich ist , seht einfach in Geschichtsbücher ] oder die Waffen aufnehmen und Bürgerkrieg ausrufen ?
23 ) write
, Sonntag , 29 .
November 2009 , 10:25 Uhr
Seit wann muss eine Familienministerin eine Familie haben , um kompetent zu sein ?
Dieses Argument anzuführen entbehrt absolut jeglicher Logik .
Hinzu kommt : Ein männlicher Familienminister mußte bislang seine Kompetenz auch nicht beweisen , in dem er eine Familie vorweisen konnte .
Eine derartige Argumentation disqualifiziert den gesamten Beitrag .
Vielleicht sollte man der Frau erst einmal eine Chance geben und sich später den Mund zerfasern .
Falls sie ihrer Aufgabe nicht gerecht wird , ist übrigens nicht sie schuld , sondern die Person ( en ) , die sie einsetzt ( en ) .
Ach , sie hätte ablehnen sollen ?
Klar , die hier vertretenen Herren hätten das mit Sicherheit gemacht !
Keine Erfahrung heißt ja für sie IMMER : Hände weg vom Jobangebot .
Bei der hohen Unzufriedenheitsquote über die neue Regierung und deren Aktivitäten , die sich auch hier in den Kommentaren wiederspiegeln , wundere ich mich vor alem , dass bislang immer noch niemand öffentliche Proteste ergriffen hat .
Wer jedoch nur mit Worten protestiert , ohne Taten folgen zu lassen , der erreicht nichts .
24 ) Marc
, Sonntag , 29 .
November 2009 , 13:25 Uhr
Die Begründungen warum jemand fürs Ministeramt geeignet ist , sind natürlich Banane .
Bei von der Leyen zählte ihre Erfahrung als Niedersächsiche Sozialministerin und bei Köhler , dass sie promovierte Soziologin ist .
Hallo ?
Mal ist Regierungserfahrung notwendig , mal nicht ?
Und aus etwas Lokalprtriotismus heraus frage ich mich aber schon , warum nicht Andreas Storm , Staatssekretär im Arbeitsministerium , genommen wurde ?
Der ist auch aus Hessen , war vorher MdB und parl .
Staatssekretär im Bildungministerium .
25 ) M.M .
, Sonntag , 29 .
November 2009 , 16:33 Uhr
Ihr Kommentar *
@marc
Wieviel Tage war er denn Staatssekretär unter Arbeitsminister Jung ?
Die Hessen CDU hat ihn nicht mal auf einen aussichtsreichen Listenplatz gesetzt und nach der verlorenen Direktwahl sitzt er nicht mal mehr im Bundestag .
Oder ist genau das eine Qualifikation ?
26 ) hans
, Sonntag , 29 .
November 2009 , 17:08 Uhr
Welche Kompetenzen hatte denn Steinmeier ?
konnte noch schlechter english als guido
hat dem gerd die tasche getragen und hat den BND im irak organisiert ulla schmidt–eine kbw - lachnummer , berufsverbotsopfer und sonst nichts
was ist mit frau schweswig ( 34 , blond , mec-vopo9 Kristina Koehler hat mehr Kompetenzen im Bereich Islam als viele andere .
Als Frau ist man wahrscheinlich sensibler gegenüber dieser großen Freiheitsbedrohung als der Macho , der im Villenviertel wohnt .
Passend : Die Grünen in Köln mobben eine Alevitin , da sie lieber die Milli Görös - Rechtsextremisten auf ihre Liste stellen .
27 ) Erster Karl
, Sonntag , 29 .
November 2009 , 18:46 Uhr
Solange wie sich ein Großteil der Politiker am Nasenring der Lobbyisten durch die Arena ziehen lassen und sich ihre Rolle als Marionetten mit Schmerzensgeld zu Lasten der Steuererzahler fürstlich entlohnen lassen , sind sie beliebig austauschbar .
Die Alarmglocken sollen doch bei allen politisch interessierten Menschen klingen , wenn ausgerechnet die Bild den großen Aufklärer spielt , der letztendlich Frau Köhler aus dem Hause Koch die Installation als Familienministerin ermöglichte .
Nach meinen Recherchen ist die bisherige Rolle dieser Frau kritisch zu beachten , erinnerlich ist mir dabei eine Panoramasendung im Vorfeld des hessischen Wahlkampf , wo sie sich als plumpe Ausländerfeindin präsentiert hat , und sich sogar parteinahe CDU Freunde und Staatsanwälte von ihren Ausführungen distanziert haben .
Der Fehlstart dieser Traumkoalition passt bestimmt den Hintermännern nicht und man sucht schon jetzt nach effektiveren Varianten , um knallhart die eigenen Interessen durchzusetzen , aber bestimmt nicht zum Nutzen des Volkes .
Das rote , bezogen auf die Rolle ihres Vaters in der DDR , evangelische , geschiedene und kinderlose Pastorentöchterlein , könnte ganz schnell erfahren , wie schnell die Macht zu Ende gehen kann , wenn man nicht mehr funktioniert .
Um Deutschland zu retten , brauchen wir ein neues Verständnis für den Begriff Volksvertreter , dazu gehört die vollkommene Unabhängigkeit , dieser , auf allen Feldern der politischen Entscheidungen .
Und wer diese Aufgabe nicht wahrnehmen will , sollte sich dann nicht als Kandidat aufstellen lassen und gleich sein „ Wissen “ der Wirtschaft anbieten .
Manche würden dann ganz schnell ihren wahren Wert auf dem Markt erfahren .
28 ) Marc
, Sonntag , 29 .
November 2009 , 19:17 Uhr
@M.M. : Nun , Storm war zuvor vier Jahre lang parlamentarischer Staatssekretär im Bundesbildungsministerium und davor Renten - und Sozialexperte in der Unionsfraktion .
( Parlamentarische Staatssekretäre wurden mal eingeführt , um potentielle Ministernachfolger anzulernen . )
Das Direktmandat hat er um 45 Stimmen knapp verloren und das Argument mit dem zu schlechten Listenplatz ist keines .
Denn in Hessen hatte es kein einziger von der Liste in den Bundestag geschafft , weil die Union ihre 15 Plätze mit 15 direkt gewonnenen Wahlkreisvertretern besetzen konnte .
Da wäre Storm ( er hatte Platz 5 ) Wenn natürlich “ gewählt werden ” die eigentliche Ministerqualifikation ist , dann haben sie natürlich vollkommen recht , das hat er nicht geschafft . 😉
29 ) M.M .
, Montag , 30 .
November 2009 , 09:51 Uhr
Ihr Kommentar *
@ Marc
Ich finde es sowieso quatsch , jemanden aus Hessen zu nehmen , nur weil er aus Hessen kommen soll .
Jetzt haben wir zum Beispiel eine hessische Ministerin für das “ Single - Ministerium ” .
Frau Merkel hat jedenfalls als “ Chefin ” für die Position des Arbeitsministers mehr Vertrauen in Frau vdL.
Warum auch immer .
Von unserer Warte aus sind die Gründe schwer zu sagen .
Vielleicht gehts da ja auch um Machterhalt und ähnliche Dinge ( Frauenpower ? ) .
Wenn es schon nicht erforderlich ist im Bundestag zu “ sitzen ” , wie du schreibst , koennte man für das Arbeitsministerium aber auch noch auf ganz andere Personenkreise kommen , die qualifiziert sind ; - ) ) )
30 ) Thorsten
, Montag , 30 .
November 2009 , 10:04 Uhr
Roland Koch als Bad Boy der Republik hat zugegebenermaßen schon seinen Reiz , dennoch ist die Story zu konstruiert .
Kristina Köhler kann auch ohne die Erfahrung die bessere
Wahl sein und die Tatsache , daß sie aus Hessen kommt purer Zufall .
Beste Grüße
31 ) nur mal so
, Montag , 30 .
November 2009 , 11:44 Uhr
natürlich kann sich dieser hessische shootingstar zu einer guten ministerin entwickeln .
oder auch nicht .
aber braucht es heute nun überhaupt keine qualifikation auf ein amt mehr ?
kann ja sein , dass das schon seit urzeiten usus ist , nach proporz und seilschaft zu besetzen , aber muss man das gleich so öffentlich demonstrieren wie hier ?
32 ) Philipp Johannes
, Montag , 30 .
November 2009 , 17:57 Uhr
Ihr Kommentar *
Bei allem Verständnis für Parteiräson , für Proporz und für welche Notwendigkeiten auch immer gewahrt werden müssen .
Wir reden hier von einer riesigen Industrienation die regiert werden sollte und nicht ständig sich in den Haaren liegt .
Sei es nun um / wegen / durch Jung oder in den Fragen Steuern rauf , runter , seitwärts oder wohin auch immer .
DAS ist kein regieren .
Das ist ja noch nicht mal verwalten .
Wenigstens dies sollte der Allmutter unserer Nation gelingen .
Nur mit aussitzen – das hat schon Kohl trotz seiner pfälzischen Ignoranz ansatzweise begriffen – ist es nicht getan .
Hin und wieder , vielleicht sogar öfter , muß was getan werden .
Doch … wenn die Spitzen in Politik ( und Writschaft ebenso ! ) versagen … wohin soll es dann führen ?
Führungslosigkeit eben .
So wursteln wir weiter und weiter und wundern uns – nicht nur zur Weihnachtszeit – das es doch weitergeht .
Das “ wie ” das erfragt dann keiner mehr .
Glückliche Menschen die ach so schnell vergessen und eben selig sind .
Es ist halt Weihnachtszeit und der Konsumrausch erfaßt sie oder uns oder wen ?` Im Ernst :
Eigentlich müßte doch auch eine Politikerkarriere ein Berufsfeld haben und ein Mindestmaß an Qualifikation ?
Ein Manager benötigt diese doch auch !
Auch wenn er dann reichlich Bockmist macht .
Aber … halt nicht alle !
Aber … alle Politiker ?
Ich spüre gerade wieder viele viele offene Fragen ohne wirkliche belastbare Antworten .
Daher muß ich enden , sonst ende ich .
Grüße !!!
33 ) H .
, Dienstag , 01 .
Dezember 2009 , 12:07 Uhr
Ob Frau Köhler ledig und kinderlos ist , sollte für ihre Qualifikation als Familienministerium nebensächlich sein .
Schwerer wiegt , dass sie in ihrer politischen Laufbahn bisher nichts zum Thema Familienpolitik gemacht hat .
Und deshalb erscheint sie mir ungeeignet .
34 ) Fargurd
, Dienstag , 01 .
Dezember 2009 , 12:17 Uhr
Ein sehr schöner Abriss des Geschehens .
Ich könnte mir lebhaft vorstellen , dass es so abgelaufen sein könnte .
Leider ist eine Fachspezialisierung für ein Ministerialamt nicht nötig ( laut Max Weber ) , dafür hat man seine Beamten die zuarbeiten .
Wie das in letzter Zeit geklappt hat , darüber möchte ich mich nicht auslassen .
35 ) nur mal so
, Dienstag , 01 .
Dezember 2009 , 12:34 Uhr
hey , die dame twittert .
das sollte eigentlich ausreichend sein , das ministerium zu führen .
36 ) Atalay
, Mittwoch , 02 .
Dezember 2009 , 15:49 Uhr
Wieso wundern sich jetzt alle .
Wenn mann mit Angie M. das Mittelmaß thronisiert , darf sie doch niemand überragen .
Dann geht es eben nach dem Prinzip : “ Wer könnte mir potentiell gefährlich werden , wenn es mal auf der Kippe steht ? ” .
Damit bleiben eben nur noch unterduchschnittliche “ Ja ” sager übrig .
Einzig spannende
Frage ist doch , ob es Angie M. gelingt , mit dieser “ Strategie ” die 16 Regierungsjahre ihres Ziehvaters zu übertrumpfen .
Da sie sich niemals inhaltlich oder persönlich beweisen kann , muss sie ihren Platz in den Geschichtsbüchern über die Zeitachse erreichen .
Der Preis dafür : unser Land wird weiter miserabel regiert .
Glaube aber nicht , dass das Angie M. kratzt .
37 ) marcpool
, Mittwoch , 02 .
Dezember 2009 , 16:11 Uhr
Eine gewisse menschliche Reife wäre für ein
Amt – egal welches man nimmt – schon von grossem Vorteil .
Die – die sich wirklich beschädigt hat – ist Merkel selbst .
Alles wieder eine Koch Show - die sind ja momentan auch im TV der Volltreffer .
Für Koch war sicher schmerzlich den Wasserträger Jung ein zweites Mal zu opfern .
Hielt ihn nicht zurück weiterhin ” grüne Sauce ” für die Weicheier zu fordern .
Die Allzweck - Waffe v.d.
Leyen kann man auch ins Finazministerium setzen – die kann alles .
Bravo für soviel kompetentes Personaltableau innerhalb der CDU .
Wie lange will die Basis sich das noch bieten lassen ?
38 ) Anna Lyse
, Donnerstag , 10 .
Dezember 2009 , 15:13 Uhr
@ Peter Christian Nowak , Samstag , 28 .
November 2009 , 14:14 Uhr
Kein Unternehmen könnte es sich leisten Leute in Führungspositionen zu heben , weil sie das richtige Parteibuch , aus dem “ richtigen ” Bundesland kommen oder gar eine Modelkarriere hinter sich haben .
Herr Nowak , ich danke Ihnen : denn ich habe noch selten so gelacht wie nach diesem Satz .
Obwohl , und da stimme ich Ihnen wieder voll zu , die Angelegenheit wesentlich zu traurig ist als daß man darüber lachen könnte .
Aber daß Aufstieg und Erfolg in diesem Lande irgend etwas mit persönlicher LEISTUNG zu tun haben , davon können sie sich durch eine einfache Internetrecherche sehr schnell selbst überzeugen .
Stichworte “ soziale Mobilität Deutschland ” oder “ Karrieremobilität Deutschland ” Viel Spaß beim Lesen .
Aber besorgen sie sich einen vorher einen großen Besen .
Damit sie die Scherben ihres fast schom mitleiderregend naiven Welt - und Gesellschaftsbildes wegfegen können .
Habe die Ehre !
39 ) Joao
, Samstag , 12 .
Dezember 2009 , 01:13 Uhr
So dolle ist die Ministerin auch nicht .
Ihr Diplomarbeit war wohl eher durch Vitamin B gefördert ( http://www.sueddeutsche.de/politik/779/496098/text/) statt durch wissen .
und dann noch ihre Ausländerfeindlichen bis hin zu dummen Statements .
( http://daserste.ndr.de/panorama/archiv/2008/erste1272.pdf, http://daserste.ndr.de/panorama/archiv/2008/erste1286.pdf)
40 ) Karola Schramm
, Mittwoch , 27 .
Januar 2010 , 16:27 Uhr
Aber Halloo , als Minister / Ministerin muss man nichts koennen , ausser gut verkaufen .
Minister sind heutzutage fuer den Verkauf ihrer politischen Meinung bzw des Parteiprogramms da und fuer sonst nix .
Sie sind austauschbar , brauchen keine Sachkompetenzen und auch keine sozialen Kompetenzen .
Nur verkaufen muessen sie sich richtig und die Partei .
Alles andere … nee .
Gut , wenn dann noch ein Dr. vor dem
Name steht , macht sich das gut .
Da glauben dann die dummen Wahlschaafe , dass dieser und jene besonders kompetent seien .
Muss aber nicht und ist meistens auch nicht .
Verkaufen muessen sie sich selbst , die Partei , und uns .
Oder fuehlen sie sich nicht verkauft ?
Ich ja .
Karola
41 ) T.K .
, Freitag , 14 .
Mai 2010 , 01:13 Uhr
When Troy Erik Isaac was first imprisoned in California , his cellmate made the introductions for both of them .
“ He said to me , ‘ Your name is gonna be Baby Romeo , and I ’m Big Romeo . ’
He was saying he would be my man . ”
Troy was twelve at the time .
A skinny , terrified little kid , he accepted the prisoner ’s bargain being imposed on him : protection for sex .
He was n’t protected , though .
Soon he was attacked and raped at night by another cellmate , a sixteen - year - old .
He told staff he was suicidal , hoping to be placed in solitary confinement , but they ignored him ; the rapes continued .
In 2005 , the Department of Justice investigated a juvenile facility in Plainfield , Indiana , where kids sexually abused one another so often and in such numbers that staff created flow charts to track the incidents .
Investigators found “ youths weighing under 70 pounds who engaged in sexual acts with youths who weighed as much as 100 pounds more than them . ”
Reporters in Texas , in 2007 , discovered that more than 750 juvenile detainees across the state had alleged sexual abuse by staff over the previous six years .
That number , however , was generally thought to under - represent the true extent of such abuse , because most children were too afraid to report it : staff commonly instructed their favorite inmates to beat up kids who complained .
Even when the kids did file complaints , they knew it would n’t do them much good .
Staff covered for each other , grievance processes were sabotaged and evidence was frequently destroyed .
Officials in Austin ignored what they heard , and in the very rare instances when staff were fired and their cases referred to local prosecutors , those prosecutors usually refused to act .
Not one employee of the Texas Youth Commission during that six - year period was sent to prison for raping the children in his or her care .
Until now , when such stories have made it into the press , officials have been able to contend that they reflected anomalous failings of a particular facility or system .
But a report released this morning by the Bureau of Justice Statistics ( BJS ) should change that .
Mandated by the Prison Rape Elimination
Act of 2003 ( PREA ) , and easily the largest and most authoritative study of the problem ever conducted , it makes clear that sexual abuse in juvenile detention is a national crisis .
This is a difficult problem to measure , since some inmates make false claims , and some , fearing retaliation even when promised anonymity , choose not to report abuse .
Overall , most experts believe that the numbers such studies produce are usually too low .
But 12.1 percent of kids taking the BJS survey across the country said they ’d been sexually abused at their current facility during the preceding year .
That ’s approximately 3,220 out of the 26,550 who were eligible to take it .
The survey , however , was given only at large facilities that held youth that have been tried for some offense for at least ninety days .
That ’s more restrictive than it may sound .
In total , according to the most recent data , there are nearly 93,000 kids in juvenile detention on any given day .
Although we ca n’t assume that 12.1 percent of the larger number were sexually abused — many kids not covered by the survey are held for short periods of time , or in small facilities where rates of abuse are somewhat lower — we can say confidently that the BJS ’s 3,320 figure represents only a small fraction of the juveniles sexually abused in detention every year .
What sort of kids get locked up in the first place ?
Only 34 percent of those in juvenile detention are there for violent crimes .
( More than 200,000 youth are also tried as adults in the U.S. every year , and on any given day approximately 8,500 kids under 18 are confined in adult prisons and jails .
Although probably at greater risk of sexual abuse than any other detained population , they were n’t included in the BJS study . )
According to a report by the National Prison Rape Elimination Commission , which was itself created by PREA , more than 20 percent of those in juvenile detention were confined for technical offenses such as violating probation , or for “ status offenses ” like disobeying parental orders , missing curfews , truancy , or running away — often from violence and abuse at home .
Many suffer from mental illness , substance abuse , and learning disabilities .
A full 80 percent of the abuse reported in the study was perpetrated not by other inmates but by staff .
And shockingly , 95 percent of the youth making such allegations said they were victimized by female staff .
63 percent of them reported at least one incident of sexual contact with staff in which no force or explicit coercion was used ; staff caught having sex with inmates often claim it ’s consensual .
But staff have enormous control over inmates ’ lives .
They can give them privileges , such as extra food or clothing or the opportunity to wash , and they can punish them : everything from beatings to solitary confinement to extended sentences .
The notion of a truly consensual relationship in such circumstances is grotesque even when the inmate is not a child .
Nationally , however , fewer than half of the corrections officials whose sexual abuse of juveniles is confirmed are referred for prosecution , and almost none are seriously punished .
Although it is a crime for staff to have sex with inmates in all 50 states , prosecutors rarely take on such cases .
As children ’s advocate Isela Gutierrez put it to The Texas Observer , “ local prosecutors do n’t consider these kids to be their constituents . ”
A quarter of all known staff predators in youth facilities are allowed to keep their positions .
The biggest risk factor found in the study was prior abuse .
65 percent of those who had previously been sexually assaulted at another correctional facility were also assaulted at their current one .
In prison culture , even in juvenile detention , after an inmate is raped for the first time he is considered “ turned out , ” and fair game for further abuse .
81 percent of those sexually abused by other inmates were victimized more than once , and 32 percent more than ten times .
42 percent were assaulted by more than one perpetrator .
Of those victimized by staff , 88 percent had been abused repeatedly , 27 percent more than ten times , and 33 percent by more than one facility employee .
Those who took the survey had been in their facilities for an average of just half a year .
In essence , the survey shows that thousands of children are raped and molested every year while in the government ’s care — most often , by the very corrections officials charged with their rehabilitation and protection .
The necessary precautions to prevent this horrific treatment are clear ( see the June
2009 National Prison Rape Elimination Commission Report , page 159 ) .
So far , however , reform has been slow .
The Plainfield unit was converted to an adult facility after the Department of Justice investigation ; nonetheless , two other juvenile facilities in Indiana were on the BJS report ’s list of the thirteen worst nationally , as were two in Texas .
In 2005 , The Department of Justice investigated the L.E. Rader Center in Oklahoma .
Although the state Attorney General ’s office “ refused to allow the United States the opportunity to tour the Rader facility , ” investigators examining documents discovered , among other problems , rampant sexual abuse of the facility ’s boys by female staff .
It concluded that Oklahoma “ fails to protect youth confined at Rader from harm due to constitutionally deficient practices . ”
But years later , Rader too is on the BJS ’s list of worst facilities : 25 percent of its inmates still claim abuse by staff .
A recommendation by the Office of Children and Family Services ( OCFS ) in New York that judges avoid sentencing children to the state ’s juvenile detention facilities unless they pose a significant risk to public safety has received a great deal of press lately , most recently on the editorial page of The New York Times .
That recommendation followed multiple revelations of violent , neglectful , and abusive conditions — first in a Human Rights Watch report issued in 2006 , then in a 2009 Department of Justice investigation , and finally in the report of a taskforce created by Governor Paterson .
Most of the abuses described in these documents were not sexual .
Now , though , we are told that the problems in New York are even worse than reported .
New York juvenile facilities surveyed by the BJS did not in aggregate perform markedly better than the national average .
It turns out that sexual abuse is yet another crisis in the state ’s juvenile detention system , as it is across the country .
Unfortunately , such abuse also goes on at appalling rates in adult prisons and jails , as we ’ll discuss in an essay we are now preparing for publication : in much higher numbers than have so far been reported in the press .
There are effective ways to stop sexual abuse in detention , as we ’ll explain .
But despite the reports by the National Prison Rape Elimination Commission and the Bureau of Justice Statistics , some important corrections leaders are fighting the necessary reforms .
We ’ll discuss their influence in the Obama administration ’s Department of Justice , and why they are so resistant to change .
January 12 , 2010
The Honorable Barack H. ObamaThe PresidentThe White HouseWashington DC 20500 Dear Mr. President :
“ National Security is too important to become a partisan issue . ”
This sentence was the opening line in a January 11 USA Today op - ed jointly authored by Lee Hamilton and Thomas Kean , co-chairs of the 9/11 Commission .
Last week , you , too , said , “ Now is not a time for partisanship , it 's a time for citizenship -- a time to come together and work together with the seriousness of purpose that our national security demands . ”
I could not agree more with this sentiment .
No nation , including America , can hope to win this long battle against al Qaeda and like foes if the war effort is marked by partisanship .
Sadly , not only has partisanship infused the rhetoric surrounding national security discussions , it has actually obstructed the critical role of congressional oversight .
Too often in recent months partisanship has resulted in withholding of information , unanswered letters and briefings denied by this administration .
The stakes are too high and the cost of failure is too great for petty politics to rule the day .
The White House has a moral obligation to actively and consistently reach out to the minority party in Congress , to be forthcoming with information and to provide access to all levels of government .
Hamilton and Kean go on to write , “ We intend to monitor the implementation of the 9/11 Commission 's recommendations and report on new national security threats . ”
I urge you to encourage this effort by bringing back these two co-chairs for a six - month period to conduct a formal review and 9/11 Commission follow - up .
They would be charged with evaluating which of the Commission ’s original recommendation have been implemented and to what end , and which have failed to be implemented and at what cost .
This past weekend , The Washington Post featured an op -ed by Bruce Hoffman , respected professor of security studies at Georgetown University and a senior fellow at the U.S. Military Academy 's Combating Terrorism Center .
Hoffman wrote , “ ( W ) hile al - Qaeda is finding new ways to exploit our weaknesses , we are stuck in a pattern of belated responses , rather than anticipating its moves and developing preemptive strategies .
The ‘ systemic failure ’ of intelligence analysis and airport security that Obama recently described was not just the product of a compartmentalized bureaucracy or analytical inattention , but a failure to recognize al - Qaeda 's new strategy .
The national security architecture built in the aftermath of Sept. 11 addresses yesterday 's threats -- but not today 's and certainly not tomorrow's .
It is superb at reacting and responding , but not at outsmarting …a new approach to counterterrorism is essential . ”
Distinct from temporarily bringing back the two 9/11 Commission co-chairs , I also urge the creation of a “ Team B . ”
As you may know , historically the phrase “ Team B ” refers to a group of outside experts , commissioned by the Central Intelligence Agency in the 1970 ’s and headed by Richard Pipes , to analyze the threats posed by the Soviet Union to the United States and counter the positions of intelligence officials within the CIA , known as “ Team A . ”
In your remarks last week following the review of the attempted Christmas Day terrorist attack , you rightly referred to our enemy as “ nimble . ”
Too often our response to the evolving threat posed by al Qaeda , and others sympathetic to their murderous aims , is anything but .
The Team B concept has been successful in previous administrations when fresh eyes were needed to provide the commander - in - chief with objective information to make informed policy decisions .
I believe it can work now , too , and suggest that among the individuals , but not exclusively , whose expertise and forward - thinking would be well - suited to a Team B are : Bruce Hoffman ; Andrew McCarthy and Patrick Fitzgerald , both of whom were involved in the prosecution of Sheik Omar Abdel Rahman in the first World Trade Center bombings ; Fouad Ajami , professor at the School of Advanced International Studies ( SAIS ) , Johns Hopkins University ; Jean Bethke Elshtain , professor of social and political ethics at the University of Chicago ; economist Judy Shelton , National Endowment for Democracy board member ; foreign policy columnist and author Anne Applebaum ; Andrew F. Krepinevich Jr. , author of Seven Deadly Scenarios : A Military Futurist Explores War in the 21st Century ; Elliot Cohen , professor of Strategic Studies at SAIS ; Philip D. Zelikow , diplomat and author who worked as executive director of the 9/11 Commission , and Joshua Muravchik , formerly a scholar at the American Enterprise Institute and presently a Foreign Policy Institute fellow at SAIS .
The 9/11 Commission report was issued nearly six years ago .
Even if every recommendation had been implemented , which it has not , our enemy has evolved since that time .
Our current intelligence infrastructure is at times overwhelmed by data , information and the urgency of daily events , and as such is unable to dedicate the time and resources necessary to think outside the box and better comprehend this multidimensional threat .
“ Team B ” would possess the necessary expertise but would be free from these daily pressures .
The team would represent a “ new approach to counterterrorism ” which focuses not just on connecting the dots of intelligence , but which seeks to stay a step ahead in understanding how to break the radicalization and recruitment cycle that sustains our enemy , how to disrupt their network globally and how to strategically isolate them .
I also believe there is an urgent need to make the Transportation Security Agency ( TSA ) administrator a long - term position .
Since TSA ’s inception following the 9/11 attacks , there have been six Transportation Security Agency administrators and acting administrators .
For a position of this import to turn over with such frequency and to automatically change hands with each new administration simply does not make sense .
I am introducing legislation that mirrors the language used to establish a 10 - year term and Senate confirmation for FBI directors .
I am hopeful that members of both parties will see the merits of this proposal and I urge your support for this change .
America is a great nation facing an enemy unlike any other we have ever known .
We must steel ourselves for the struggle ahead , frankly assessing the nature and scope of the threat we face and guarding against partisanship at all costs .
The people of this country deserve nothing less .
Sincerely ,
Frank R. Wolf
Member of Congress
men being touched
women being touched
Choose images at left to compare .
Read more about our method
After running this website for so many years now and receiving tons of emails each day , I ’ve come to realize that some people seem to be more interested in searching for the best weight loss program than they are in actually losing the weight itself .
It ’s strange , I know .
I ’ve honestly lost track of the number of emails I ’ve gotten from people in search of this supposed best weight loss program .
The one that is the most effective .
The one that will get results the fastest .
The one that is the easiest to do .
They want to know which of the many weight loss programs that exist is the official BEST one of all .
Well , the answer to this almighty question really depends on what your definition of “ best ” is .
See , to me , when it comes to an effective way to lose weight , the best weight loss program is the one that … ya know … causes you to lose weight .
If it works , and it fits the general guidelines of good health , it ’s the best to me .
I mean , if you really love carbs and can’t live without them , a low carb diet would not be the best for you .
But me …
I could suck it up and do whatever the gimmick is .
Really to me , the only way a program ca n’t be the best is if it does n’t work .
But hey , that ’s just me .
And , as it turns out , a lot of people are n’t me … and these people enjoy sending me emails .
What Is Your Definition Of “ Best ? ”
So People - Who - Enjoy - Sending - Me-Emails , what is your definition of the best weight loss program ?
Think about it for a second .
What to you would make one better than all the other programs ?
Would it be the one that ’s going to allow you to lose 20 lbs a week ?
If so , give up now .
You will never find it .
It does n’t exist .
Would it be the one that will you allow to lose weight at a normal , healthy rate … but without having to eat right or workout ?
If so , you may be confusing the word “ best ” with the word “ impossible . ”
Stop looking … you ’re just wasting your time .
Would it be the one that revolves around a diet pill or fitness product of some kind that is going to make everything easier and faster than it could ever be ?
If so , you might as well take your 3 easy payments of $ 19.95 and set them on fire .
There are no quick fixes .
There are no magic pills or products .
There is no tip , secret or gimmick that is going to make weight loss happen any easier or faster for you .
There just is n’t .
So , knowing all of this , what is your definition of the best weight loss program now ?
Chances are it could have been any of the ones you ’ve already skipped over in search of one that is somehow better than them all .
This obsession with finding the one that is the official “ best ” is doing nothing good for you in anyway .
There is no such thing as the best weight loss program .
There is no such thing as the best diet .
There is no such thing as the best workout .
There is simply what works and what does n’t .
Sure , there may be programs that are more convenient and enjoyable for you than another .
Going back to my low carb example before , if you are super in love with carbs , the low carb diet may not be too enjoyable for you .
But , we are n’t talking about the most convenient / enjoyable weight loss program .
We are talking about the best one .
So , What Exactly Is Best ?
I ’ll Tell You …
Best is nothing more than a crazy idea put into your head by the advertising departments of all of the commercial weight loss programs , books and “ experts . ”
They want you to think that the low carb diet is better than the low fat diet , or vice - versa depending on which they are trying to sell you .
They want you to believe that the Atkins diet , the South Beach diet , the Zone diet , the Body For Life program , Jenny Craig and Weight Watchers are all better than each other .
Each one wants you to think that their gimmick is the best weight loss program of them all .
The average person looking to lose 30 lbs sees all of this and it puts a crazy idea into their head .
An idea that makes them more concerned with finding the best weight loss program than they are with actually losing the 30lbs .
Problem is , losing weight requires consistency , and it is mighty hard to stay consistent with a diet and workout when you are bombarded with the idea that what you are doing is n’t the “ BEST ” diet and workout you could be doing .
It amazes me how some people can come to this very website and skip right past an article titled “ how to lose weight . ”
It amazes me how people can completely ignore an article that describes itself as containing “ everything you need to know in order to lose weight ” so they can instead get my email address , type in the question “ What is the best weight loss program ? ” and hit send .
It amazes me that people ca n’t just realize that all the time and effort they are wasting looking for the best way to lose weight could have been spent on losing weight already .
Stop Searching , Start Working
So , for the people who email me with this goal of finding the best weight loss program , listen up .
Take most of the unhealthy useless junk you eat , and replace it with better , higher quality foods .
Then , gradually eat a little less than you ’ve been eating .
Then , workout properly .
That is the best weight loss program .
That is the most effective .
That is the easiest .
That is the fastest .
That is the healthiest .
That is everything you want it to be and more .
Stop asking people what programs they ’re on .
Stop buying new diet books .
Stop searching .
What you want does n’t exist .
What I just explained may have been a bit broad , but it ’s ok .
The specific details are all here , for free , on this web site .
This is where your search for the best weight loss program officially ends .
My guide to Weight Loss is the perfect place to start .
Combined with various other articles I ’ve written , you will learn every single thing you need to know and do .
Is it the best ?
That ’s impossible to answer .
What it is however is simple , free and effective .
If followed correctly it is impossible for it to not work .
It is n’t based on a gimmick .
It is based on the actual way the human body loses weight without any fancy marketing to make it appear as though it is the BEST program available .
It ’s simply what works , and that ’s all you really need .
*** NEW *** Still have questions about losing fat ?
Confused about your diet or workout ?
Need help putting it all together ?
Well , after nearly 10 years of requests , I ’ve finally created the ultimate solution .
I call it The Ultimate Fat Loss & Muscle Building Guide , and in it I provide all of the answers , details and facts that make up the highly proven workout and diet system I ’ve used to help countless men and women completely transform their bodies .
Now it ’s your turn .
Learn more here .
As we all know CSS3 is hot these days and will soon kill javascript libraries .
I have tried today some cool animations using CSS3 for webkit browsers ( e.g. Google Chrome and safari ) .
I think days are near when developers will soon eradicate js librararies .
Well , not taking much time , lets start .
.
Have a look on DEMO .
Please try on latest webkit browsers such as safari and chrome .
Effect 1 : Fade Block
Copy and paste HTML inside body tag :
< div id =" fade " >
Place mouse on me i will fade !</div >
and CSS is :
# fade { opacity : 1 ; - webkit - transition : opacity 1s linear ; } #fade : hover { opacity : 0 ; }
.
Effect 2 : Pulsate Block
Copy and paste HTML inside body tag :
< div id =" pulsate " >
Place mouse on me i will pulsate !</div >
and CSS is :
#pulsate : hover { - webkit- animation - name : pulsate ; - webkit-animation -duration : 20s ; - webkit-animation - timing - function : ease - in - out ; } @ - webkit - keyframes pulsate { 0 % { width : 140 px ; } 5 % { width : 190 px ; left : - 25 px ; } 10 % { width : 140 px ; left : 0 px ; } 15 % { width : 190 px ; left : - 25 px ; } 20 % { width : 140 px ; left : 0 px ; } 40 % { width : 140 px ; } 45 % { width : 190 px ; left : - 25 px ; } 50 % { width : 140 px ; left : 0 px ; } 55 % { width : 190 px ; left : - 25 px ; } 60 % { width : 140 px ; left : 0 px ; } 80 % { width : 140 px ; } 100 % { width : 140 px ; } }
.
Effect 3 : Nudge
Copy and paste HTML inside body tag :
< div id =" nudge " >
Place mouse on me my text will shift !</div>
and CSS is :
#nudge { - webkit - transition - property : color , background - color , padding - left ; - webkit-transition - duration : 500ms , 500ms , 500 ms } #nudge : hover { background - color : #efefef ; color : # 333 ; padding - left : 50px }
.
Effect 4 : Expand Block
Copy and paste HTML inside body tag :
< div id =" expand " >
Place mouse on me my border will expand </ div >
and CSS is :
#expand { background - color : #eee ; - webkit - transition : all 500 ms linear ; border : 10 px solid black } #expand : hover { border : 30 px solid # 800 }
.
Effect 5 : Bounce Block
Copy and paste HTML inside body tag :
< div id =" bounce " >
Place mouse on me i will bounce !</div >
and CSS is :
#bounce : hover { - webkit- animation - name : bounce ; - webkit-animation-duration : 1s ; - webkit-animation-iteration - count : 2 ; - webkit- animation - direction : alternate } @ - webkit - keyframes bounce { from { margin - left : 0 px ; } to { margin - left : 250 px ; } }
.
Effect 6 : Spin Block
Copy and paste HTML inside body tag :
< div id =" spin " >
Place mouse on me i will spin</div >
and CSS is :
#spin { - webkit - transition : - webkit- transform
3s ease - in ; } #spin : hover { - webkit - transform : rotate ( 360deg ) }
.
Effect 7 : Accordion
Copy and paste HTML inside body tag :
< div id =" accordion " class= " accordion " > < a href= " # first " >
This is first tab < /a>< div id =" first " >< p > Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet , consectetur adipisicing elit , sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua .
Ut enim ad minim veniam , quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat .
</ p> </div > < a href= " #second " > This is second tab </a>< div id =" second " >< p >
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet , consectetur adipisicing elit , sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua .
Ut enim ad minim veniam , quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat .
</ p> </div > < a href= " #third " >
This is third tab < /a>< div id =" third " >< p > Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet , consectetur adipisicing elit , sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua .
Ut enim ad minim veniam , quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat .
</ p> </div> </div >
and CSS is :
.accordion a { display : block ; padding : 5 px 10 px ; background - color : # 333 ; color : #eee ; text - decoration : none } .accordion a : hover { background - color : # 999 } .accordion div { background - color : #ccc ; color : # 222 ; } .accordion div p { padding : 20 px } #accordion div { height : 0 ; overflow : hidden ; - webkit - transition : height 600 ms ease } #accordion div : target { height : 110 px }
.
Check out the Final DEMO
That 's all !
Cheers !
Like making computers do your bidding ?
Enjoy Python features like lambdas ?
Indent - grouping ?
List comprehensions ?
Tired of Old Man Python telling you what you can and ca n’t say to your computer ?
Download Like , Python ( Yep , it 's actually real ) likepython.
tgz | likepython.zip github .
It ’s about time programming languages understood what the kids are typing these days .
So let ’s start with a baby step in that direction : Like , Python .
Like , Python was created by Jonathan Howard in February 2010 while drinking and reviewing code for an upcoming project with a coworker .
At a certain point , higher - level explanations devolved into just flat - out reading Python code like they were actually speaking the language normally – complete with like ’s , um ’s , whatever ’s , etc – making it completely impractical awesome for work .
It was then that Jonathan realized he should perhaps stop for the night .
And START creating Like , Python .
EXAMPLE
Like , Python uses Python ’s own tokenizer to essentially add keywords to Python ’s lexical understanding .
Python is a subset of Like , Python , so any script you ’ve already written in Python is valid _ Like , Python_and will run in the interpreter .
But you can also write like you ’d speak .
For example , the following is a fully - functional “ hello world ” script , included in the download as hello_world .
lp :
# !usr/bin/ python #
My first Like , Python script !
yo just print like " hello world " bro
Here ’s a version that asks you for your name , then says hi .
( Note that ‘ yo ’ is a Like , Python keyword but the interpreter actually understands real Python syntax , so the ‘ yo ’ in the input string works just fine .
# !usr / bin / python uh from sys import exit #
Grab the user 's name .
ok so like name = raw_input ( " yo! what 's your name ? " ) right #
Make sure they entered something , then say hi. if name . strip( ) is actually like " " : toootally just exit ( ) else : um yeah print like " Hi %s , nice to meet you . " % name
A full list of Like , Python keywords is below ( swearing optional ) :
Valleygirl : omg , so , like , totally , right , toootally
Frat guy : friggin , fuckin , dude , man , bro , broheim , broseph
Internets : lol , rofl , teh , ohai , plz
Snoop : yo , homey , homeboy , sup , dog , shit , girl , ma , biatch , ho , shiiit
Local : wicked , hella , anyways
Misc : just , hey , yeah , ok , um , uh , ah , actually , something
INSTALLATION
To install on Mac OSX and Linux , just unzip , make sure you have admin privileges on your machine and , type the following from inside your likepython directory :
~/downloads/likepython > sudo cp ./likepython /usr/bin/ ~/downloads/likepython> sudo chmod 555 /usr / bin / likepython
If everything went well , you can now code in Like , Python !
Test it on hello_world.lp ( included ) like so :
~/downloads/likepython > likepython hello_world.lp
VERSION
This is version 0.1 , the stable alpha release .
If you like it , let me know !
jon[at]staringispolite.com
Or , you know , if not , you can like , tell me what you think could be improved .
Especially new words Like , Python should include .
Bro – it could like totally be in the next release .
LICENSE
The MIT License
Copyright ( c ) 2010 Jonathan Howard
Permission is hereby granted , free of charge , to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files ( the “ Software ” ) , to deal in the Software without restriction , including without limitation the rights to use , copy , modify , merge , publish , distribute , sublicense , and / or sell copies of the Software , and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so , subject to the following conditions :
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software .
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “ AS IS ” , WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , EXPRESS OR IMPLIED , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT .
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM , DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY , WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT , TORT OR OTHERWISE , ARISING FROM , OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE .
</div> </div> </section >
Join us and rediscover music !
Features
Added a configuration dialog for Local Podcasts .
Update interval and base download directory can now be configured .
( BR 221398 )
Make it possible to go to next / previous track with horizontal mouse wheel button on TrayIcon . ( BR 225783 )
New main toolbar with completely redesigned look and new features .
Contributed by Thomas Luebking < thomas.luebking@web.de >.
Podcasts and Saved Playlists can now be grouped by provider like iPod , Local , USB Mass Storage , etc .
This can be toggled using a button in the relevant Category .
The playlist context menu now has a " Show in Media Sources " action for many types of track .
The collection scanner now also looks for cover images named " folder . * " .
Apparently some applications use this convention .
( BR 224692 )
It 's now possible to automatically use a USB Mass Storage device as a collection when it 's connected .
The progress bar tooltip now shows the position in the track that the cursor is hovering , making it simple to jump to a specific position .
D-Bus : Added StopAfterCurrent method for / Player .
You can now elect to rescan specific folders .
Right - click on a folder in the collection setup dialog to rescan just that folder .
This will only work for folders that have previously been added to the collection , i.e. you cannot check a folder and immediately rescan it .
This will never be recursive ( as that defeats the point of scanning a specific folder ! )
Non collection files with a cue sheet will now load their tracks as individual tracks in the playlist instead of as one big track with bookmark markers .
Dynamic Collection is back .
( BR 171213 )
Searching covers from Last.fm using custom query in interactive mode .
Changes
All move / copy operations to the local collection are asynchronous .
Proper handling of disk full and permision errors for copy / move operations to the local collection .
A preview of the moving / copying operations is now shown in the Organize dialog .
Added an expander icon to the collection root items .
The equalizer configuration is now a seperate tool window accessible from the tool menu .
Files with ogg and flac extensions can now be copied to UMS devices .
The search / filter edit in the playlist is now cleared when pressing enter .
( BR 217159 )
Amarok now checks if the version of the " amarokcollectionscanner " tool is correct .
Some users had issues with having mutiple versions of it installed , causing scanning to fail .
First run :
Let users decided on how to handle music location set in standard desktop services .
Improved cover fetching accuracy and speed .
Usability : Better design of playback configuration dialog .
Use millisecond accuracy for track bookmarks .
Backwards compatible with bookmarks stored in previos versions .
( BR 215145 )
Loving a track for Last.fm via the global keyboard action also show a message in the status bar .
Improved usability of the playlist layout editor dialog .
Duplicate unique file identifiers are now indicated in debug output , along with the paths of the files , when found instead of being silently ignored .
This can help discover multiple copies of the same file or files which incorrectly have the same MusicBrainz unique identifier .
Bugfixes
Due to considerable visual changes in the main toolbar , and many other improvements , we have decided to release the next version of Amarok as 2.3 , instead of 2.2.3 .
From the developer 's perspective only little changes with a version number bump ; our policy is to still put quality first .
With that note , many of these exciting new changes are still works in progress .
During the next two weeks we will be focusing on polish , overall stability , and bug fixing , so that you can enjoy a great Amarok 2.3 !
We encourage every brave user out there to try the beta and report back any issues spotted .
Although it runs very smoothly on our computers it can in fact cause some problems and things unspoken ;-)
Please report problems you might find at bugs.kde.org
Shattered Horizon is a weird beast .
The $ 20 first - person shooter features four maps , one gun , and takes place in space .
That means there is no gravity — you can attack from any angle by using your boosters .
Turn them off and move with just your inertia to become harder to spot .
It 's a heady , tense form of combat .
It 's also the first game from FutureMark Games Studio — you may know them from the popular 3D Mark benchmarking program .
The game requires Direct X10 , meaning if you 're running Windows XP , you 're out of the game .
It 's a new engine with fully three - dimensional game mechanics , and you have to be running either Vista or Windows 7 to play .
Clearly , there was some vision involved with the project .
We were able to sit down with Antti Summala , the game 's lead designer , to talk about the game .
The scope may be limited , but Shattered Horizon has some big ideas behind it .
Ars Technica :
Were you nervous about creating a game that required Vista or Windows 7 ?
There was some grousing on our forums from Windows XP users .
Was the trade - off ultimately worth it ?
We have read similar comments from XP users on our own forums .
Going DirectX 10 only was n't an easy decision , especially in early 2008 when we started work on Shattered Horizon .
Throughout development we kept a very close eye on the Steam hardware survey and the data from our benchmark users , slowly watching the numbers move in the right direction .
It did cause some nerves , but overall the benefits outweighed the risks : a single code path made developing the game faster , and supporting it became much easier .
Instead of putting our limited resources into sorting through all the challenges of backward compatibility , we can better support our community by adding new features and content to the game .
With Windows 7 getting a good reception from gamers and Christmas coming up , the number of people who ca n’t play Shattered Horizon is only going to get smaller , while the number who can play will continue to grow .
This is your own engine .
Did you have this game in mind while creating it , or did the game come after the engine was finished ?
Describe what you wanted the engine to do .
We started out with a game concept and developed new technology to meet the requirements of that concept .
Only the renderer uses previous assets , as it's based on 3DMark Vantage , Futuremark ’s DirectX 10 benchmark .
Everything else was either built from scratch or used middleware we licensed and integrated into the engine .
We set off to make a zero - gravity multiplayer first - person shooter , and that placed specific demands on the engine .
For example , physics simulation and network code both play a very important part .
The renderer was developed further to support the game 's artistic vision of " real space " environments , such as the harsh light in vacuum , sharp shadows and hard contrasts between lit and unlit areas , with associated techniques like dynamic tone mapping .
Will you be licensing the engine , or is it strictly for your own projects ?
We 're working hard to gain a reputation as a game studio that makes fun and innovative games .
Now that Shattered Horizon has been released , we 'll concentrate on supporting the game and its player community .
The engine licensing business , on the other hand , is different from game development .
Licensing our engine and tools and all the work that entails — for example , committing to product updates and finding and supporting clients — would sidetrack us from our main focus of making games .
That 's why we 're not looking to branch in that direction right now .
How hard is it to design a game of this nature ?
Nearly everything is 3D these days , but this is one of the rare games that actually uses all three dimensions .
That 's a good point , freedom of movement in all three dimensions makes a huge difference to gameplay .
Zero-gravity level design was one of the biggest challenges in creating Shattered Horizon and one we spent a long time wrestling with .
In most multiplayer FPS games , levels are designed to constrain players to certain paths to control the flow of the game , which is the opposite of what we wanted to achieve .
We had to come up with a new set of rules for designing levels where players can go almost anywhere .
We experimented with many prototypes before selecting the four levels that are currently in the game .
Each provides a different zero gravity experience but there are some common factors .
Level geometry in Shattered Horizon acts as cover from line of sight and fire , it guides players towards team game objectives , and players can land on any surface no matter what the orientation .
We wanted to keep the core gameplay distinctly FPS and not make a space dogfight game with spaceships that look like astronauts .
To this end we designed two distinct movement modes : you can fly using your rocket pack or walk on surfaces .
When attached to a surface , you trade some of your movement speed for more accurate shooting .
Placing surfaces at slightly different angles to each other can create a local topography , similar to uneven terrain in traditional FPS games , which provides cover that players can use to gain an advantage .
Setting these surfaces at greater angles to the player 's natural horizon creates small , temporary battlefields that change the rhythm and orientation of the fight in interesting ways .
The ability to use all the space and every surface in a level makes it feel much larger and varied — especially when you reorient yourself to a different surface .
When players get used to it , zero gravity movement makes games very fluid and mobile .
Flanking options are almost limitless in zero gravity , especially on open levels , and that makes camping harder than in many other games .
Surprising your opponent from an unexpected angle is a lot of fun .
These are some examples of useful rules and fun scenarios for 3D level design that we found through experimentation .
The rules continue to get tweaked and added to as we test new levels and receive player feedback but with this set of guidelines for truly 3D level design it 's becoming much faster and easier to develop new levels .
What kind of feedback are you getting from players ?
Is there something you needed to fix quickly , or anything that proved unexpectedly popular ?
We ask for and get a lot of feedback from our players , and much of it is in line with our vision for Shattered Horizon .
The main thing players notice is that freedom of movement in zero gravity means that Shattered Horizon cannot be played in the same way as other FPS games .
If you charge headlong into confrontations expecting to run and gun you will get killed over and over again by more experienced players .
We think this is what some reviewers are referring to when they talk of the game having a steep learning curve .
In fact , Shattered Horizon is very easy to play and the controls are very simple for anyone who has played an FPS on a PC before .
The challenge is learning new strategies to use the freedom of movement to your advantage .
For some players , it takes a bit longer to break old FPS habits before they start using these new tactics and learning new skills .
We are very active with our communities in our forums and elsewhere .
Even our support tools were chosen with community in mind .
The most common requests are for additional content such as new levels and game modes .
We 're committed to releasing new content in free updates , and right now we are in the process of developing and testing four new levels that will be released as the Moonrise pack when they are ready .
Our experience with our closed beta was so positive and we found beta tester feedback so useful that we 're doing closed testing for our content updates as well .
We 've set up a special program called Arconauts , where a select group of players help us test new content before it 's released to everyone .
You asked whether we were surprised by anything proving unexpectedly popular .
There is a good example that comes from our closed beta .
Before it started , we were sure that beta testers would come up with zero gravity tactics we might never have thought of .
However , we imagined they would at least involve shooting .
Instead , one player single - handedly popularized a combination of melee combat and movement tactics .
If you understand zero gravity movement , know the maps well , and are n't too risk - averse , you can be very effective using the melee attack as your main weapon .
Melee in Shattered Horizon was designed as a last resort weapon or a way to flaunt your skills by using an inferior weapon .
However , combined with complete freedom of movement , the melee attack 's one hit kill capability can make it a formidable weapon .
It 's a great example of how different zero gravity gameplay is from a gravity bound FPS .
The resulting popularity of melee combat during the beta contributed in part to our decision to add more support for stealthy tactics in Shattered Horizon .
How did you land on the size of the game in relation to the price point ?
Did you always know you wanted to create a smaller , less - expensive game ?
We knew the size of the game long before we knew what the right price would be .
Shattered Horizon is our first title and although we are ambitious , we are also realistic .
We knew we would n't be able to make a full - priced , big budget , campaign - driven game straight away .
That type of game requires too much content for a small team to manage .
And as Shattered Horizon was primarily self - funded and self - published we knew we had to stick to a sensible scope for the game design .
The best solution was a multiplayer - only title , and the concept we created for Shattered Horizon called for a unique combination of multiplayer FPS action and zero gravity combat .
Knowing our limits meant we could focus on making that concept as good as possible .
For a budget game that costs just $ 19.99 I 'm very proud of the level of polish we 've been able to bring to the game .
Shattered Horizon is available now via Steam or the official site for $ 20 .
We all know that first base is the deepest position in baseball .
There are five potential first round picks and names like Adam Dunn and Derek Lee did n’t crack the Top 15 .
No other position can boast that type of talent .
Let ’s take a look at how things currently stack up :
Albert Pujols – St. Louis Cardinals Mark Teixeira – New York Yankees Miguel Cabrera – Detroit Tigers Ryan Howard – Philadelphia Phillies Prince Fielder – Milwaukee Brewers Justin Morneau – Minnesota Twins Kevin Youkilis – Boston Red Sox Adrian Gonzalez – San Diego Padres Mark Reynolds – Arizona Diamondbacks Kendry Morales – Los Angeles Angels Joey Votto – Cincinnati Reds Lance Berkman – Houston Astros Pablo Sandoval – San Francisco Giants Billy Butler – Kansas City Royals Victor Martinez – Boston Red Sox
Thoughts :
The top six players on this list remain unchanged and there does n’t seem much room to juggle anyone there .
Maybe Fielder over Howard ?
That ’s really the only place to consider , but given the big swings in power Fielder has shown I ’d like to see him post back - to - back big power years before making the move .
Howard is just too consistent at this point .
Kevin Youkilis and Adrian Gonzalez are surprisingly similar in my projections .
I do n’t expect Gonzalez to be able to replicate his 40 HR outburst , especially considering his home / road split ( 12/28 ) , as well as the fact that 20 of his home runs came over the first two months of the year .
Youkilis is more consistent , while he should also bring a better average and more runs scored .
I ’ve said it before when it comes to Votto , I think he ’s being significantly overvalued ( click here for my article on him ) .
He currently has an ADP of 27 , the sixth first baseman coming off the board ( only after my Top 5 ) .
That ’s just way too high , meaning I will likely not own him in any format in 2010 .
Who would you rather have , Sandoval or Berkman ?
It ’s really , really close .
I do believe in Berkman ’s ability to rebound in the average department ( he ’s been over .310 every other season since 2004 ) .
He also should have a little bit more power , offsetting any edge Sandoval has in the average department .
In a dynasty league , I ’d certainly switch the two , but not in a yearly league .
I ’ll take a closer look at these two in the near future .
The truth is that I would likely take Martinez above some of the guys above him ( outside of the Top 5 , it ’s wide open ) , but that ’s because of his eligibility as a catcher .
His ranking here is based solely as a first baseman , which certainly changes things .
What are your thoughts on the rankings ?
Whose too high ?
Too low ?
What was the biggest omission ?
Make sure to place your order for the Rotoprofessor 2010 Fantasy Baseball Draft Guide , selling for just $ 5 , by clicking here .
Make sure to check out our other early rankings :
Picture courtesy of Icon Sports Media , Inc .
Prior to becoming the devout , busybody next - door neighbor on the animated hit " The Simpsons , " Ned Flanders was an out - of - control brat whose beatnik parents did n't believe in discipline .
To reform Ned , a child psychologist enrolled him in the University of Minnesota Spankalogical Protocol , which included eight months of continuous spanking .
It cured his rambunctiousness and set him on the path to becoming the cartoon world 's most famously pious Christian .
Indeed , conservative Christian parenting is often ...
Obviously , all of these scenarios have wide ranges around them .
Some people will believe one is most likely , others will believe another is most likely .
But having some idea of what fuel supplies might be 40 years from now gives at least a little context for planning .
3 . A Crash Scenario , in which some combination of credit collapse , reduced demand because of high prices , and Liebig 's Law of the Minimum ( relating to oil ) cause demand to collapse very quickly .
2. A Scenario constrained by fossil fuel resource limits only , assuming that there are no issues with Liebig 's Law of the Minimum , or reduced demand because of high prices , or international credit issues .
It is assumed that wind , solar , and nuclear will continue to grow , at the rates assumed by EIA forecasts .
I also show a related scenario with coal phase out .
The problem is that when we look ahead that far , there are so many conflicting ideas of what the future might look like , it is hard do know what to believe .
I thought perhaps it might be helpful to put together some graphs of a range of fuel supply possibilities , in order to understand better what the challenges are .
Depending on which scenario we believe , perhaps it will give us a better idea of where we should put our efforts .
It takes a long time to make big changes to society .
I would argue that looking ahead 40 years , to 2050 , is probably a wise thing to do for planning purposes .
BAU Scenario as Perceived by the EIA and the Press
We know what this scenario is supposed to look like , because this is the scenario the US Energy Information Agency has been telling us about .
It may not be exactly what climate change leaders are thinking about , but it is likely similar .
Figure 1 . EIA estimates of future fuel supplies .
Amounts through 2030 are based on EIA 2009 International Outlook .
Annual increases between 2030 and 2050 assumed to be similar to those just before 2030 .
( Converted to Metric Tonnes of Oil Equivalent )
The EIA forecast is for continued growth in all fuels , but the rate of increase will gradually taper off .
Because the growth rate is tapering off , there is a need for additional supply to allow economic growth to continue as in the past .
Hence , the emphasis on new fuels from all possible sources , including biofuels , wind , and solar , to be able to continue to meet demand .
There is also an interest in energy efficiency .
The EIA does n't really give the economic growth rate to go with this scenario , but one would presume this would be close to 3 % per year for the USA , based on past growth rates .
To show how this economic growth would compound over time , I have shown a BAU growth rate , together with some other possible growth rates ( for use in discussing other scenarios ) in Figure 2 below .
Figure 2 .
Some theoretically possible economic growth scenarios .
A major reason for showing the BAU scenario is so that a person can see how it compares to the other scenarios .
Scenario Based on Fossil Fuel Decline
What is energy supply likely to look like , considering peak oil and limitations on the availability of natural gas and coal , if there are no economic interferences with supply / demand ?
I try to show this in Figure 3 .
There may be at least a small ramp up in coal and natural gas production to offset the oil shortfall , and nuclear and wind and solar might continue to be expanded .
I have used the same scale on this graph as on Figure 1 , so that a person can compare the two graphs .
Figure 3 .
The coal forecast I used in this scenario is based on Energy Watch Group 's 2007 analysis .
The oil forecast is based on a combination of the forecast by Energy Watch Group , and Tony Eriksen 's Oil Drum forecast .
I have assumed world natural gas production will continue to grow until 2023 , before tapering off .
The hydro et al. estimates ( that is , including wind , solar , geothermal , wood etc. ) are based on EIA 's estimate of expected growth until 2030 .
The growth rate in the 2029 - 2030 period is used to extend the forecast to 2050 .
Nuclear is also based on EIA 's estimates used in Figure 1 .
These assume continued growth in the 1 % to 2 % a year range .
With this scenario , fuel supply from all sources in 2050 will be roughly 92 % of the fuel supply in 2009 .
This is equivalent to a decline rate of 0.2 % a year .
One big issue is how many people this smaller energy supply needs to be shared by .
According to the EIA , world population is expected to grow by 38 % between 2009 and 2050 .
With this level of population growth , per capita availability of energy is expected to decline to 67 % of its current level by 2050 .
It is not clear how this level of fuel supply will work out .
There is clearly a huge change in mix , with much less oil and relatively more electricity generated .
There is a possibility that cities could continue pretty as much as today , and agriculture pretty much as today , if a way could be found to reserve the oil use primarily for food ( or if quite a few of farm processes could be electrified ) .
There would need to be fairly sharp changes in other uses of oil , with autos perhaps run by electricity , and other transportation perhaps by electric rail , in order for this scenario to " work " .
I am not sure how this would translate to future GDP levels .
It is possible that USA real GDP could continue to be flat , or increase a bit , perhaps to 1 % a year , because of increases in efficiency , assuming that the oil supply is not significantly bid away by countries with higher population growth .
The huge change from an oil to electric economy would be important in making this all work , though .
I have not explicitly included biofuels in this graph but there is enough error range , I do n't think this is material .
The inclusion of biofuels might make the result a little better -- but probably not a whole lot better .
It is difficult to see biofuels ramping up much , because of limitations on land availability and water , and difficulty to date in perfecting inexpensive cellulosic ethanol production .
Some would say the scenario shown in Figure 3 is optimistic , because it assumes continued expansion of coal .
This scenario also does not address other limits we are reaching ( like fresh water ) , or the likely unwind of debt that is likely to occur with the slowdown in growth .
It also does n't consider the huge cost ( or perhaps impossibility ) of transitioning away from oil in the transportation sector to other fuel sources -- what could in effect be an application of Liebig 's Law of the Minimum , because of declining oil supply .
If we are missing a necessary element , oil , in some places in the economy , it may cripple that part of the economy , producing a greater decline than Figure 3 would indicate .
An alternate version of this , shown in Figure 4 , assumes the same forecasts for all fuels except coal .
Instead of following the Energy Watch Group forecast , coal is assumed to be phased out by 2020 .
Figure 4 .
In this scenario , instead of total world fuels in 2050 being 92 % of those in 2009 , they would be 64 % of those in 2009 .
The average annual decline in fuel availability would be 1.1 % , but this would be especially concentrated in the first few years .
Taking into account the forecast growth in population , per-capita fuel availability would decline to 46 % of today 's level .
The impact would vary considerably by country .
The decline would affect coal consuming countries very hard ( China , USA , South Africa , for example ) , and many would likely see major cutbacks in electricity availability , unless alternate sources could be ramped up quickly .
China would likely lose a considerable share of its manufacturing capability , and Australia would lose its very large coal export market , so would likely encounter financial difficulties .
In this scenario , it would be necessary to replace both the loss of oil and coal simultaneously , mostly with natural gas .
It is hard to see how this could be done without natural gas supplies running low very quickly , perhaps not long after 2050 , with different dates in different parts of the world .
It seems like from a planning point of view , in this scenario one would need to start the transition to living without fossil fuel fairly quickly .
Cities would need to be reduced greatly in size , because there would be fewer jobs available in the city , and more manual labor would need for farming .
People would need to be resettled on the land , and taught to farm .
Plans would need to be made to make essential items , such as clothing , locally .
The possible use of horses and other animals for transportation and farm labor would need to be considered .
Figure 5 .
Figure 5 shows my estimate of what energy usage might look like in a crash scenario .
In this scenario , the economy crashes , because of all of the interconnected problems -- credit , oil shortages , and international trade problems .
There may be other " limits to growth " type issues as well -- inadequate fresh water and higher food prices because of food shortages .
In this scenario , real GDP drops very quickly ( Figure 2 ) .
In this scenario , use of all fuels drops very quickly , ( including oil , natural gas , and coal and nuclear ) because credit is no longer available , people do n't have jobs , and cannot afford the fuel .
The anticipated ramp up in wind and solar does n't really take place , and in fact , repair of transmission lines become more and more difficult , making long - distance transmission of electricity less certain .
While the proportion of coal use does n't drop ( and may even rise ) , the overall amount consumed drops greatly .
In the scenario I show , total energy production drops to 13 % of its 2009 level by 2050 .
One would expect that declines in population would occur as well , at least in some parts of the world .
The issue in the crash scenario is that people will need food and transportation , and their availability is likely to drop off quite quickly .
Electrical supply disruptions may become common within only a few years .
Local agriculture will be needed very quickly , as will non-fossil fuel transportation .
Large cities will likely need to be reduced in size , because food and work for people will not be available .
Obviously , a crash scenario does n't necessarily have to be as bad as this Figure 5 indicates , but it seems like there is at least some possibility of a scenario such as this , if credit and international trade become major issues , and it becomes difficult to get replacement parts for equipment , including fuel extraction equipment .
So , How Does One Plan ?
That is the question for tonight .
How does one plan , if there are multiple scenarios possible , some of which are more reasonable than others ( and different people have different views regarding which ones are most likely ) ?
Obviously , there are a range of scenarios possible between those shown as well .
Is it possible to do reasonable planning , other than by small groups of people who see the future one way or another , gearing off of their own views of the future ?
Over the longer term , it appears that population growth will have far more impact on per capita fuel consumption than wind or solar -- partly because wind and solar are so small that even with ramping up , they are likely not to be very large , and partly because in 40 years , there is a lot of room for population growth or contraction .
How does one get the population issue addressed , when it is such an unpopular issue ( and people are not likely to have very good pensions in the future , so will need children to support themselves ) ?
With the more adverse scenarios , we need local food production very soon .
In other scenarios , local food production is n't an issue at all .
If we plan for local food production , but do n't need it , we do n't lose very much .
If we need local food production but do n't plan for it , it seems like there is a fairly severe downside .
How can we can greater attention be brought to this issue ?
I have put together my interpretation of some of the issues of each of the scenarios , but others may have different views .
What do you see as the big issues that need to be addressed , that are not being addressed ?
But others say the lack of cash support shows the safety net is torn .
The main cash welfare program , Temporary Assistance for Needy Families , has scarcely expanded during the recession ; the rolls are still down about 75 percent from their 1990s peak .
A different program , unemployment insurance , has rapidly grown , but still omits nearly half the unemployed .
Food stamps , easier to get , have become the safety net of last resort .
“ The food - stamp program is being asked to do too much , ” said James Weill , president of the Food Research and Action Center , a Washington advocacy group .
“ People need income support . ”
Food stamps , officially the called Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program , have taken on a greater role in the safety net for several reasons .
Since the benefit buys only food , it draws less suspicion of abuse than cash aid and more political support .
And the federal government pays for the whole benefit , giving states reason to maximize enrollment .
States typically share in other programs ’ costs .
The Times collected income data on food - stamp recipients in 31 states , which account for about 60 percent of the national caseload .
On average , 18 percent listed cash income of zero in their most recent monthly filings .
Projected over the entire caseload , that suggests six million people in households with no income .
About 1.2 million are children .
The numbers have nearly tripled in Nevada over the past two years , doubled in Florida and New York , and grown nearly 90 percent in Minnesota and Utah .
In Wayne County , Mich. , which includes Detroit , one of every 25 residents reports an income of only food stamps .
In Yakima County , Wash. , the figure is about one of every 17 .
Experts caution that these numbers are estimates .
Recipients typically report a small rise in earnings just once every six months , so some people listed as jobless may have recently found some work .
New York officials say their numbers include some households with earnings from illegal immigrants , who can not get food stamps but sometimes live with relatives who do .
Image Kevin Zirulo shares a home in Lee County , Fla. , with his brother and sister .
They share a food stamp benefit of $ 300 a month .
Credit ... Stephen Crowley / The New York Times
Still , there is little doubt that millions of people are relying on incomes of food stamps alone , and their numbers are rapidly growing .
“ This is a reflection of the hardship that a lot of people in our state are facing ; I think that is without question , ” said Mr. Winstead , the Florida official .
We previously reported the conformation of 4 coop modes ( Deniable Ops ) in addition to the coop story mode ( prologue ) for Ubisoft ’s latest installment of Splinter Cell , Splinter Cell : Conviction , due Feb 23 , 2010 .
Ubisoft has released some new videos regarding coop multiplayer which proves they are hard at work to improve on the cooperative aspect of the game which was lacking in the last few games of the franchise , and only previously achieved with Pandora Tomorrow ’s online mode .
The Coop story mode , Prologue , revolves around American agent Archer and Russian agent Kestrel sent deep into the heart of Russia ’s dark and perilous underworld to recover four Russian EMP weapons which have been stolen and need to be retrieved before they are sold on the black market .
Together , Archer and Kestrel will embark on a mission that will require their cooperation and combined skills that will test their mettle every step of the way .
Deniable Ops ( 4 co-op ) is a series of standalone challenges set within the same four stages from the co-op story mode , plus two additional maps :
+ Hunter :
Where players have to kill off all enemy NPCs on the map .
+ Infiltration : Same concept as Hunter mode , but detection by enemies automatically results in failure .
+ Last Stand : Protect an EMP warhead from waves of attacking foes .
+ Face Off :
The sole adversarial mode , with players going head - to - head with a customizable number of A.I. Opponents populating the map .
Enough details , check out the trailer and developer walkthrough of Coop mode :
( EW.com ) --
Take note , parents of Disney - obsessed preteens :
Your daughter might soon be trading in her pinks for blacks .
According to The Wall Street Journal , Disney is planning to license " an extensive line of clothing and accessories " to Hot Topic in the weeks leading up to the March 5 release of Tim Burton 's " Alice in Wonderland . "
( That includes a soundtrack featuring music by The Cure 's Robert Smith . )
As the Journal points out , this is a definite change for the company , which has made big bucks by selling a princess image to young girls .
( They 'll still probably bring in the green by targeting goth girls , though -- some of the goods being sold are high - priced items designed by the likes of Stella McCartney and Tom Binns ! )
And while I 'm glad to see Disney offer up a marketing strategy that does n't force young girls to idealize a life full of fluffy dresses and Prince Charmings , it 's still a bit of a bummer to think that girls might conform purely to match the company 's commercial interests .
That being said , I might have to stop by a Hot Topic nearby in the coming weeks , just to see this goth spectacle .
( Even if the sudden " Twilight " - inspired resurgence of the mall shop still baffles me , since you could only buy mesh and black cuffs there when I was a teen . )
I am a Tim Burton lover , after all .
What do you think , PopWatchers ?
Would you be tempted to buy an Alice - inspired accessory for your young one ?
For original article go to EW.com
CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly
© 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc .
All rights reserved .
Image Source
Making cannabis edibles is easy .
All you need is one simple infusion to help you transform any ordinary recipe into a delightful , psychoactive concoction .
What is that simple infusion ?
Cannabutter .
While cannabis - infused cooking oils and coconut oils have grown in popularity , nothing can compare to a delicious , buttery recipe base .
Not only does cannabutter make delicious pastries , but opting for butter made from milk of grass - fed cows can give you an extra dose of vitamin K2 and brain - boosting omega 3 fatty acids .
Yet , before you get started on your next cannabutter adventure , there are a few things to keep in mind .
Here is everything you need to know about cannabutter and five easy ways to make it :
How To Decarboxylate Cannabis For Cannabutter
﻿
There is one major trick to making excellent cannabutter : decarboxylation .
Decarboxylation is a fancy term for activating the cannabis .
In its raw or dried state , cannabis contains very little tetrahydrocannabinol ( THC ) .
THC is a cannabis compound known as a cannabinoid that causes the psychoactive “ high ” .
In raw and dried cannabis , THC is locked into its acid form , called tetrahydrocannabinolic acid ( THCA ) .
To make cannabutter psychoactive , you need to convert THCA into THC through decarboxylation .
Decarboxylation uses heat to remove the acid group from the THCA molecule , creating THC .
The same thing happens with other cannabinoid acids .
For example cannabidiolic acid ( CBDA ) needs to be decarboxylated to create CBD .
Decarboxylation happens naturally as cannabis dries and ages .
However , heating the herb transforms more cannabinoid acids into their active forms in higher concentrations over a shorter period of time .
To make sure your cannabutter is as potent and effective as possible , decarboxylating your herb prior to infusion is necessary .
Here ’s how to decarboxylate cannabis for edibles :
Preheat oven to 240℉ ( 115℃ ) .
Line a size - appropriate cookie sheet with parchment paper ( raised - edge is preferable ) .
Break apart 7 grams ( quarter ounce ) to an ounce of dried cannabis flower into small chunks .
Though , you can also use cannabis shake or trim .
Spread the cannabis in an even layer on the parchment paper .
Toast for 15 to 25 minutes for small batches or 30 to 35 minutes for larger batches .
Stir cannabis occasionally , ensuring that it toasts evenly .
Keep an eye on smaller batches for burning .
Take out the cannabis when it is a golden , medium brown color but not too dark .
Cannabis should be crumbly to the touch when cool .
Cool the toasted cannabis and then coarsely grind the buds with an herb grinder or food processor .
Decarboxylated cannabis can be stored in an airtight container or mason jar .
Make sure it is size appropriate .
Note :
If you plan on using shake or trim , you can use up to two ounces to ensure that your cannabis is potent enough .
While cannabis flower purchased at a dispensary often contains around 20 percent THC , the THC content in trim will be much lower , around 10 to 12 percent .
How To Make Cannabutter : 5 Cannabutter Recipes Step By Step
Cannabutter Recipe 1 : Traditional Stovetop Cannabutter
Image Source
Total prep time : 1 hour ( including decarboxylation )
Total cook time : 3 hours
Ingredients :
1 ounce high - quality , decarboxylated medical cannabis or 1 - 2 ounces of trim
1 lbs ( 450 -455 grams ) salted butter
1 to 2 quarts water
Materials :
Stockpot or large saucepan
Measuring pitcher ( for water )
Spoon
Glass container ( for cooling and refrigerating the butter , a glass measuring pitcher with lid works well )
Cheesecloth or fine strainer
Candy thermometer
Cooking the butter :
Bring 1 to 2 quarts of water to a boil in a stockpot or large saucepan .
The water prevents the butter from scorching and preserves flavor .
It also makes the cannabutter easy to remove from the container later on .
Once boiling , drop in the butter allowing it to melt .
Add the decarboxylated cannabis , stirring well .
Reduce heat to low - medium , and use a candy thermometer to maintain a temperature range between 240 and 250℉ ( 115 - 121℃ ) degrees , maintaining a simmer .
( If you do n’t have a candy thermometer , simply reduce heat and keep the cannabutter at a slow simmer . )
Simmer mixture for three hours
Cooling the butter :
After three hours , secure cheesecloth or strainer over your glass container .
Carefully pour mixture over the cheesecloth or strainer , separating the plant material from the butter .
When plant material is cool enough to touch but still warm , squeeze as much liquid as possible from the plant material .
If using cheese cloth , a double strain may be necessary .
Let butter and water mixture cool to room temperature , cover , and place in the refrigerator to fully harden .
Once hardened , the butter will separate from the water .
Remove separated butter .
Put butter into an airtight container or wrap in plastic wrap for storage .
Note : cannabis compounds are not water soluble , but some small traces of butter may still remain in the water .
For a pleasant , mellow kick , some people like to use the remaining water for tea .
Cannabutter Recipe 2 : Cannabutter Slow Cooker
Image Source
Prep time : 1 hour ( for decarboxylation )
Cook time : 8 hours
Materials :
Slow cooker or Cannabuter Crock Pot
Glass container for cooling and storage
Cheesecloth or fine strainer
Ingredients :
1 to 2 quarts water
1 lb salted butter
7 grams to 1 ounce ground cannabis
Making the slow cooker butter :
Turn slow cooker on low and add in 1 to 2 quarts of water , 1 lb of salted butter , and your coarsely ground , decarboxylated cannabis flower .
Place the lid on the slow cooker simmer on low for 8 hours , checking on the mixture and stirring occasionally .
A shorter cooking time prevents less of the chlorophyll taste from entering the cannabutter .
Cooling the butter :
After three hours , secure cheesecloth or strainer over your glass container .
Carefully pour mixture over the cheesecloth or strainer , separating the plant material from the butter .
When plant material is cool enough to touch but still warm , squeeze as much liquid as possible from the plant material .
If using cheese cloth , a double strain may be necessary .
Let butter and water mixture cool to room temperature , cover , and place in the refrigerator to fully harden .
Once hardened , the butter will separate from the water .
Remove separated butter .
Put butter into an airtight container or wrap in plastic wrap for storage .
Cannabutter Recipe 3 : Cannabis - infused Ghee
Image Source
Prep time : 40 minutes or less ( including decarboxylation )
Cook time : 60 minutes or less
Materials :
Double boiler
Spoon
Cheesecloth or fine strainer
Spatula
Airtight glass container for cooling and storage
Ingredients :
7 grams ( ¼ ounce ) decarboxylated cannabis
1 9oz jar ghee ( clarified butter ) OR ½ lbs of homemade clarified butter
Water for double boiler base
Cooking the cannabis - infused ghee :
Melt premade ghee in the top of a double boiler slowly , so it does n’t scorch yet starts to bubble and simmer Slowly stir in decarboxylated cannabis Continue stirring until cannabis is well coated Let simmer , stirring occasionally for one hour OPTIONAL : use a candy thermometer to check temperature
Cooling the ghee :
While ghee is infusing , secure cheesecloth or strainer over your glass container .
After one hour , carefully pour mixture over the cheesecloth or strainer , separating the plant material from the butter .
When plant material is cool enough to touch but still warm , squeeze as much liquid as possible from the plant material .
If using cheese cloth , a double strain may be necessary .
Let butter and water mixture cool to room temperature , cover , and store in the refrigerator .
Ghee does not need refrigeration normally , but this herb - infused ghee does .
Keep for one week .
Put butter into an airtight container or jar .
Cannabutter Recipe 4 : BHO Cannabutter
Image Source
Making cannabutter with butane hash oil ( BHO ) is one of the easiest ways to make a simple infusion .
The best part ?
No plant matter to strain and a shortened cooking time .
However , decarboxylation is still needed to extract the optimal potency from the BHO .
Materials :
Parchment paper
Rimmed baking sheet
Spatula
Stockbot
Measuring cup
Spoon
Glass container for cooling and storage
Ingredients :
1 gram BHO ( half gram is also fine , it will just be less potent )
1 lbs butter
1 quart water
Decarboxylating the BHO :
Preheat oven to 220 to 240 ℉
Place BHO onto rimmed baking sheet lined with parchment paper Bake BHO at 220 to 240℉ for 25 minutes at 220 , 15 to 20 minutes at 240 .
BHO should spread out , creating a sticky oil with plenty of holes .
Let cool slightly or place in the fridge or freezer to harden up so that it ’s easier to add into the cannabutter .
Infusing the BHO cannabutter :
Bring 1 quart of water to a boil in a stockpot or large saucepan .
The water prevents the butter from scorching and preserves flavor , and makes it easy to get the cannabutter out of the container .
Once boiling , drop in the butter allowing it to melt .
Reduce the heat to low .
Add the decarboxylated BHO , stirring well .
Continue stirring as BHO melts completely and mixes into the butter , about five minutes .
Once melted and mixed , take butter mixture off of the heat and pour into glass container .
Cooling the butter :
Let butter and water mixture cool to room temperature , cover , and place in the refrigerator to fully harden .
Once hardened , the butter will separate from the water .
Remove separated butter .
Put butter into an airtight container or wrap in plastic wrap for storage .
Cannabutter Recipe 5 : Salted Garlic - Herb Cannabutter
Image Source
Flavors can be infused into cannabutter after making the butter using one of the recipes below .
When it comes to flavoring your cannabutter , the opportunities are endless .
However , a salted garlic - herb butter is a classic and delicious way to both mask improve the flavor of a traditional cannabutter .
Materials :
Medium mixing bowl
Spoon
OR food processor
Parchment paper
Ingredients :
½ cup premade cannabutter , softened
1 - 2 garlic cloves , crushed
¼ cup chopped , fresh parsley
3 tbs finely chopped chive
1 tsp black pepper
1 tsp sea salt or celtic salt
Making Salted Garlic - Herb Cannabutter :
Soften cannabutter by leaving it unrefrigerated for a few hours .
OR gently soften the butter by placing it in heat safe dish , then pour boiling water into a larger dish .
Set the dish with the cannabutter into the other dish for just a few seconds until it ’s soft enough to work with but not melted .
Add softened cannabis into a mixing bowl or food processor .
Mix in crushed garlic , to taste .
Mix in parsley , chive , black pepper , and salt .
Pop mixture onto parchment paper and roll to create a log - like form .
Keep the cannabutter rolled in parchment paper and store in a glass container for refrigeration .
It will keep for about 3 days .
For longer storage , place butter into ice cube trays and cover with a hefty coating of plastic wrap .
Storage will last for about one month .
How Do You Heat Cannabutter ?
Image Source
You should never try to rush the cannabutter process by using high heats .
The active components in cannabis , called cannabinoids , are heat sensitive .
If the temperature of your butter gets too high , the cannabinoids will burn off and you ’ll be left with foul - tasting butter that wo n’t ease your pain or send you into a blissful high .
The optimal temperature for all cannabutters is 240℉ ( 115 ℃ ) or lower .
Cannabutter should not be infused at temperatures above 325℉ ( 162℃ ) .
The best way to infuse butter is by using a low heat over prolonged periods of time .
Not only will this preserve the cannabinoids and give you a better tasting butter , but it will also preserve any fat - soluble vitamins in the butter that are also sensitive to heat .
Tips For Baking And Cooking With Cannabutter
Image Source
While cannabutter is easy to make , it can be difficult to cook with .
As mentioned above , the active cannabinoids infused into the cannabutter easily burn off with heat .
To maintain the psychoactivity of the butter , you ’ll need to take a few basic tips into consideration .
These include :
Do not bake cannabutter at over 350℉ ( 176℃ ) , at this point the THC , CBD , or other cannabinoids in the butter will evaporate .
Opt for recipes that require a shorter baking time .
Use a thermometer when cooking over the stove .
Add cannabutter at the end of the recipe not the beginning .
Do not microwave cannabutter .
Soften to room temperature by leaving cannabutter on a clean countertop .
Instead of mixing cannabutter into infused foods while cooking , you may want to consider using the infused butter to top baked goods or cooked vegetables , melt inside coffee , place a pad of cannabutter in hot pasta sauce right before serving .
How Long Does Cannabutter Last ?
When placed in an air - tight container or wrapped in plastic wrap , cannabutter can last several weeks in the refrigerator .
When placed in the freezer , cannabutter can last as long as six months .
Cannabutter is outdated when it begins to change color , change odor , or develops mold .
When oxidation occurs , butter turns a dark yellow or brown .
Using salted butter will preserve the cannabutter for a longer period of time .
You can also add a little sea salt or celtic salt to the butter as a preservative and to enhance the flavor .
If infusing unsalted butter , keeping the butter in the freezer is the best way to prolong life .
When thawing previously frozen butter , place the butter in the refrigerator then warm on the countertop to room temperature after the refrigerated cannabutter is no longer frozen .
Drastic changes in temperature can increase the likelihood that the butter becomes rancid more quickly .
How Potent Is My Cannabutter ?
To figure out the potency of your cannabutter , there are several handy calculators available online .
Find one here .
Netflix teamed up with The New York Times to produce this interactive map of the most popular movies in 12 major U.S. cities .
The map ranks the most rented movie and TV rentals for each zip code , so you can see whether the folks in your neighborhood have the same tastes as you do .
You can also see a color - coded overlay of every city for each of Netflix 's top 100 most - rented films in 2009 .
Do you want to know which New York borough appreciated Slumdog Millionaire the most ?
Looks like it 's bigger in Brooklyn than in lower Manhattan .
The sharp divisions for some items — like the austere and thoughtful TV series Mad Men — are very telling , but Brad Pitt 's The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is red hot just about everywhere .
You can make some interesting anecdotal deductions using the map .
For example , noted film critic Roger Ebert tweeted that you could make educated guesses about a community 's opinion on homosexuality based on where Milk ranks .
Hardly scientific , but it 's interesting to think about .
You can probably find a correlation between number of teen girls in a neighborhood and how popular Twilight is , though you 'll unfortunately need a different map tell you who 's Team Edward and who 's Team Jacob .
Apple seems to be working on refining its process for dealing with iPhone and iPod touch apps that contain sexual content that 's a little less heavy handed than simply removing potential offenders from the App Store .
The new approach includes adding a new " Explicit " category developers can use for apps that could be seen as " overtly sexual . "
Developers have begun reporting that the new Explicit category is available through iTunesConnect when they submit apps for approval , but it is n't yet appearing at the iTunes - based App Store for customers .
Apple came under fire from developers over the past few days when it began pulling titles from the App Store because of potentially sexually explicit content .
Many developers complained because they were n't given any warning , and because Playboy 's app and the Sports Illustrated swimsuit app were n't pulled .
Phil Schiller , Apple 's senior vice president of worldwide product marketing , said the apps were pulled in response to complaints about apps with " objectionable content " potentially being available to children , and complaints that the apps demean women .
Assuming Apple devises a system where App Store visitors can hide explicit - rated content , the company may have found a workable compromise between developers and upset customers .
The company has n't said if apps that have been bumped from the App Store will be available again after developers add the Explicit category .
[ Thanks to Cult of Mac for the heads up . ]
Paul Volcker expounds on his plan to fix the financial system in a New York Times op - ed .
The plan is a good one :
Prevent banks from owning hedge funds and other proprietary trading vehicles ( Glass Steagall II )
Give the government resolution authority to step in , liquidate , or sell any firm it deems to be in trouble ( including mortgage lenders , investment banks , and insurance companies )
Make shareholders , management , and , yes , bondholders pay for any costs associated with this ( the latter is what we refused to this time , which is the most appalling part of the current bailout policy )
If we do only these things , we will have eliminated the most insidious and problematic part of the status quo : Too Big To Fail .
Under this plan , big firms would be allowed to fail -- in an orderly fashion , with their owners and lenders taking the hit .
In good times , they will also remain competitive in a global economy without arbitrary size constraints that put them at a disadvantage versus international banks that face no such restrictions .
Read Volcker 's op - ed here >
People ask me all the time why I buy and blog about HTC products .
There are a lot of other brands out there with more recognition , so surely they must b better .
I always come back to the fact that HTC has one of the most active development communities by far .
The dust has n’t even settles from HTC ’s press announcement from yesterday morning and we already have a working port of the HTC Desire ROM running on the Nexus One .
This is why I love HTC !
Paul from the MoDaCo forums has just posted his test results .
So far , things are looking very good .
The Desire build that ’s being used is watermarked and is nearly 200MB is size ( making to too large for the system partition of the Nexus One ) .
Since most the internal hardware of the N1 and Desire is identical , all hardware features ( LED , trackball , camera , and sensors ) work just fine .
One major highlight is that is that Adobe Flash 10.1 is included in the ROM build and it is working .
We ’re not sure when we might see an un-watermarked HTC Desire build released into the wild , but it sure is nice to see how close we are considering that the HTC Desire was announced only 36 hours ago .
Source : MoDaCo
Republican senatorial candidate Carly Fiorina ’s statement that she shares Sarah Palin ’s values is one reason the head of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee ( DSCC ) says his party will keep control of the US Senate in the 2010 elections .
When DSCC Chair Robert Menendez was asked at a Monitor breakfast what he thought the chances were that his party would lose its senate majority , he called the idea “ wishful thinking on behalf of Republicans . ”
The New Jersey senator went on to list events that would need to occur for the Democrats to lose their senate majority , which now stands at 57 Democrats , 41 Republicans , and two Independents .
What would have to happen
“ They have to win every one of their – their – open seats .
They have to win all six .
They have to defend a couple of their most vulnerable incumbents in North Carolina and in Louisiana .
And after that they have to pick up 10 seats .
I just do not see that under any set of circumstances , ” Senator Menendez told a room filled with reporters Wednesday .
In Pictures : Who are the 12 U.S. Senators retiring in 2010 ?
One reason Democrats should be able to hold the Senate , he said , was that Republican candidates faced primary challenges and were forced to move right , a direction that Menendez thinks will hurt them in the general election .
“ Look at what they have done in their primaries .
You have got people moving further and further to the right , " he said .
A California example
He specifically cited the race being run by Carly Fiorina , former chairman and CEO of Hewlett - Packard , for the California Senate seat now held by Barbara Boxer .
“ They have huge primaries that drive them in the wrong direction .
When you have Carly Fiorina traveling California saying she shares Sarah Palin ’s values , it gives you a sense of what those Republican primaries are doing .
I do n’t know how that sells in the general election in California , ” Menendez said .
In addition to what he called “ ugly blood - letting ” in primaries , Menendez also noted that Republicans tied to the Bush administration would have trouble selling themselves as agents of change .
He added that Republican senatorial candidates had to cope with “ a battered brand ” for their party , and were losing the fund - raising race to Democrats .
Democratic woes
Democratic senatorial candidates face challenges , Menendez admitted .
“ Going back to the Civil War , the president ’s party normally faces challenges in mid-term elections , except for three times in history .
And after two cycles of big Democratic wins , obviously we know the cards are somewhat stacked against us .
What ’s more is that we know there is tremendous economic anxiety out in the country right now .
The voters are understandably impatient , ” he said .
Signs of those challenges include Democrats ’ loss of Edward Kennedy ’s Senate seat , the retirements of Indiana Sen .
Evan Bayh and North Dakota 's Byron Dorgan , and the decision by Vice President Biden ’s son , Beau , not to run for the Senate in Delaware .
Menendez said he disagreed with the conclusion by the nonpartisan Cook Political Report that shows as many as 10 Senate seats now held by Democrats are in play .
“ Assuming that Republcians hold all of their own vulnerable seats , it is mathematically possible for the GOP to pick up the 10 seats they would need to hit 51 and win the majority , but it remains a very tall order , ” the Cook Report ( no relation ) said .
New offensive coming
The DSCC plans to launch a new offensive in the next few days , Menendez said , “ asking Republicans , ' Where are your ideas ? ’
On the eve of the bipartisan healthcare summit , we will be challenging every Republican senate candidate by name to show voters what they want to do on healthcare .
We hear a lot of complaints , a lot of trash talk , but we do n’t hear any constructive ideas . ”
In Pictures : Who are the 12 U.S. Senators retiring in 2010 ?
Some visitors to the Everett M. Dirksen United States Courthouse , in downtown Chicago , come in search of justice , others leniency .
I went looking for apostasy .
After passing security and riding the elevator to the twenty - seventh floor , I was shown into the chambers of Judge Richard A. Posner , the famously prolific jurist , law professor , author , and , lately , blogger , who for decades has been a leading figure in the conservative Chicago School of economics .
Arranging his thin frame on a leather sofa that afforded him a gull ’s - eye view of Lake Michigan , Posner held forth on the global economic slump that began in 2007 , and the failure of many economists to foresee it .
In a soft voice , he said , “ I think the challenge is to the economics profession as a whole , but to Chicago most of all . ”
Richard A. Posner has shocked the Chicago School by joining the Keynesian revival .
Illustration by Finn Graff
A lawyer by training , Posner is also one of the country ’s most influential economics writers .
In his 1973 treatise “ Economic Analysis of Law , ” he applied the maxims of free - market economics to the courtroom , arguing that enforcing economic efficiency ought to be a primary goal of judges .
Posner , who was then a young professor at the University of Chicago Law School , helped create the law - and - economics movement , which has populated many of America ’s courts with judges of similar mind .
In 1981 , Ronald Reagan nominated him to the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals , and since then he has written more than two dozen books , including one defending the 2000 Supreme Court decision that gave George W. Bush the Presidency .
Earlier this year , Posner published “ A Failure of Capitalism , ” in which he argues that lax monetary policy and deregulation helped bring on the current slump .
“ We are learning from it that we need a more active and intelligent government to keep our model of a capitalist economy from running off the rails , ” Posner writes .
“ The movement to deregulate the financial industry went too far by exaggerating the resilience — the self - healing powers — of laissez - faire capitalism . ”
Posner also accuses professional economists , including some of his Chicago colleagues , of being “ asleep at the switch . ”
In September , he came out as a Keynesian ; in a long piece in The New Republic , he hailed “ The General Theory of Employment , Interest , and Money , ” which John Maynard Keynes published in 1936 , as a “ masterpiece , ” saying that “ despite its antiquity , it is the best guide we have to the crisis . ”
As acts of betrayal go , this was roughly akin to Johnny Damon ’s shaving off his beard , forsaking the Red Sox Nation , and joining the Yankees .
Ever since Milton Friedman , George Stigler , and others founded the Chicago School , in the nineteen - forties and fifties , one of its goals has been to displace Keynesianism , and it had largely succeeded .
For three decades after the Second World War , economics was dominated by Keynesian ideas about how the government should use monetary and fiscal policy to prevent slumps .
Since 1974 , however , more than a dozen scholars associated with the U. of C. have been awarded the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences ; in the areas of regulation , trade , anti-trust law , taxes , interest rates , and welfare , Chicago thinking greatly influenced policymaking in the United States and many other parts of the world .
Keynes appeared to have been consigned to history .
But in the year after the crash Keynes ’s name appeared to be everywhere ; several books were published about him , and policymakers again embraced his ideas .
Until the banking crisis erupted , Posner had n’t bothered to investigate “ The General Theory . ”
When he picked it up , he was greatly impressed by the economic insights and practical detail it contained .
“ Even though it is kind of loose — it does n’t dot all the ‘i ’s and cross all the ‘ t ’s , ” Keynesian economics “ seems to have more of a grasp of what is going on in the economy , ” Posner said to me .
Much of modern economics , by contrast , is “ on the one hand , very mathematical , and , on the other hand , very . . . credulous about the self - regulating power of markets .
That combination is dangerous . ”
In “ A Failure of Capitalism , ” Posner singles out several economists , including Robert Lucas , one of Friedman ’s most eminent successors , and John Cochrane , another prominent Chicago economist , for failing to appreciate the magnitude of the subprime crisis .
During our conversation , Posner questioned the entire methodology that Lucas and his colleagues pioneered .
Its basic notions were the efficient - markets hypothesis , which says that the prices of stocks and other financial assets accurately reflect all the available information about economic fundamentals , and the rational - expectations theory , which posits that individuals and firms are hyper - intelligent decision - makers who have a correct model of the economy in their heads .
In rational - expectations theory , the economy is represented in very simplified and spare fashion .
Many models , including some relied on by the Fed and other central banks , do n’t even feature banks or other financial intermediaries .
In Posner ’s view , older , less dogmatic theories better explained how the problems in the financial sector dragged down the rest of the economy .
“ Of course , you have to know a lot about banking , and that was not the case with economists , ” he said .
“ Odd , in a way , because macroeconomists and finance theorists have always been interested in banking , but I do n’t think they really understood a lot about it . ”
Although Posner was unfailingly polite , I detected an edge of anger in his comments about the economics profession and its embrace of such patently unrealistic theories .
I asked what he thought economists had learned from the past two years .
“ Well , one possibility is that they have learned nothing , ” he replied slowly .
“ Because — how should I put it — because market correctives work very slowly in dealing with academic markets .
Professors have tenure .
They have lots of graduate students in the pipeline who need to get their Ph.D.s .
They have techniques that they know and are comfortable with .
It takes a great deal to drive them out of their accustomed way of doing business . ”
After leaving Posner ’s office , I drove south to the University of Chicago ’s Hyde Park campus , which for more than half a century has been a thriving hub of conservative thought and disputation , housing thinkers as diverse as Leo Strauss and acolytes in political philosophy , Albert Wohlstetter and his fellow Cold Warriors in nuclear strategy , and Posner , Richard Epstein , and others in law .
The archetypal Chicago intellectual — embodied by Ravelstein , the chain - smoking professor of political philosophy who appears in Saul Bellow ’s 2000 novel of the same name — has combined an interest in big ideas with urgent engagement in current affairs .
Last fall , as the financial crisis intensified , many Chicago economists halted their own research to concentrate on the moment .
“ Everybody here was blindsided by the magnitude of what happened , ” James Heckman , whose work on labor economics and statistics won him a share of the 2000 Nobel Prize , told me .
“ But it was n’t just here .
The entire profession was blindsided . ”
Conferences were organized , seminars were held , and faculty lunchrooms were full of vigorous debate .
One panel session at which half a dozen prominent Chicago economists discussed “ The Future of Markets ” drew more than a thousand people to a Sheraton downtown .
“ Everybody got involved , ” Eugene Fama , a veteran finance specialist at the university ’s Booth School of Business , said .
“ Everybody ’s got a cure .
I do n’t trust any of their prescriptions . ”
In the course of a few days , I talked to economists from various branches of the subject .
The over - all reaction I encountered put me in mind of what happened to cosmology after the astronomer Edwin Hubble , in 1929 , discovered that the universe was expanding , and was much larger than scientists had believed .
The profession fell into turmoil .
Some physicists stuck to the existing theories , which posited a stable universe .
Others , Albert Einstein included , tried to adapt the old models to Hubble ’s data .
Still others attempted to come up with a new account of how the galaxies formed ; it was this effort that ultimately produced the theory of the big bang .
Fama , whom I interviewed in his office at the Booth School , was firmly in the denial camp .
A short , wiry man of seventy , with cropped hair and wearing a short - sleeved flowery shirt , he looked more like a retired marine in Miami Beach than like one of the founders of modern finance .
Beginning in the nineteen - sixties and seventies , Fama , who holds the title of Robert R. McCormick Distinguished Service Professor of Finance , propounded the efficient - markets hypothesis , which underpinned the deregulation of the banking system championed by Alan Greenspan and others .
I asked him how this theory had fared in the recent crisis , which many , myself included , have described as an example of gross inefficiency .
Fama was unruffled .
“ I think it did quite well in this episode , ” he said , traces of his native Boston audible in his voice .
“ Stock prices typically decline prior to a recession and in a state of recession .
This was a particularly severe recession .
Prices started to decline in advance of when people recognized that it was a recession and then continued to decline .
That was exactly what you would expect if markets are efficient . ”
The emphasis that Fama placed on the stock market surprised me .
Surely , I said , we had experienced a giant credit bubble , which eventually had burst .
“ I do n’t know what a credit bubble means , ” Fama replied , his eyes twinkling .
“ I do n’t even know what a bubble means .
These words have become popular .
I do n’t think they have any meaning . ”
Fama was n’t kidding .
He became so tired of seeing the word “ bubble ” in The Economist that he did n’t renew his subscription .
“ People have become entirely sloppy , ” he went on .
“ People have jumped on the bandwagon of blaming financial markets .
I can tell a story very easily in which the financial markets were a casualty of the recession , not a cause of it . ”
The crux of Fama ’s argument was that the economic slowdown predated the collapse of the mortgage market , in 2007 .
As job and income growth slowed , he said , some homeowners could n’t make their monthly payments , especially the subprime borrowers who had taken out the riskiest mortgages .
With delinquencies and foreclosures rising , banks and other financial institutions that had invested heavily in subprime - mortgage bonds suffered big losses , which prompted them to cut back their lending to others .
“ As a consequence , we had a so - called credit crisis , ” Fama said .
“ It was n’t really a credit crisis : it was an economic crisis . ”
Fama ’s story was logically consistent , but it appeared to contain a big gap .
If the mortgage blowup did n’t cause the recession , what did ?
When I raised this question , Fama laughed .
“ That ’s where economics has always broken down , ” he said .
“ We do n’t know what causes recessions .
Now , I ’m not a macroeconomist , and I do n’t feel badly about that . ”
He cackled again .
“ We ’ve never known .
Debates go on to this day about what caused the Great Depression . ”
A theory of the economic downturn that relies on inexplicable gyrations in the economy did n’t sound like a great advance , but Fama seemed content with it .
He insisted that the real culprit in the mortgage mess was the federal government , which instructed Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to buy subprime mortgages and mortgage securities .
“ That was a government failure ; that was not a failure of the market , ” Fama said .
According to figures quoted in the Washington Post , Fannie and Freddie ’s purchases accounted for less than a third of the subprime market at the height of the boom .
When I pointed out that private investors bought most of the subprime securities issued , and the two big government - backed mortgage companies considerably less , Fama said simply , “ How much does it take ? ”
In addition to accusing the government of causing the subprime problem , Fama argues that it botched its handling of last fall ’s financial crisis .
Rather than bailing out A.I.G. , Citigroup , and other firms , Fama says , the Treasury Department and the Federal Reserve should have allowed them to go bankrupt .
“ Let them all fail , ” he said , with another laugh .
“ We let Lehman fail .
We let Washington Mutual fail .
These were big financial institutions .
Some we did n’t let fail .
To me , it looks like there was not a lot of rhyme or reason to it . ”
He conceded that the entire financial system might well have shut down for a period , but he expressed confidence that investors and healthy banks would have stepped in to buy the good assets of the collapsed firms , and that , within a week or two , the system would have been operating again .
“ It pretty much stopped for a week or two , anyway , ” he said .
“ The credit markets stopped for more than a week or two . ”
Fama was no less genial on the subject of Posner .
“ He ’s not an economist , ” he said .
“ He ’s an expert on law and economics .
We are talking macroeconomics and finance . ”
Even when I brought up Paul Krugman , who had criticized efficient - markets thinking in a recent essay in the Times Magazine , Fama ’s equanimity was unshaken .
“ My attitude is this , ” he said .
“ If you are getting attacked by Krugman , you must be doing something right . ”
In the office next to Fama ’s , I encountered another true believer , John Cochrane .
During last year ’s financial turmoil , Cochrane , who happens to be Fama ’s son- in - law , helped to organize a petition against the Treasury Department ’s seven - hundred - billion - dollar Troubled Asset Relief Program ; more than forty Chicago economists signed it .
“ What is there about recent events that would lead you to say markets are inefficient ? ” he said to me .
“ The market crashed .
To which I would say , We had the events last September in which the President gets on the television and says the financial markets are near collapse .
On what planet do markets not crash after that ? ”
Earlier this year , Cochrane wrote several articles arguing that the Obama Administration ’s stimulus package lacked a theoretical basis .
When I brought up Posner and the broader Keynesian revival , he insisted that Keynesian economics had been plagued for decades with logical inconsistencies , which recent events had done nothing to remove .
“ We threw it out for a reason , ” he said .
“ It did n’t work in the data .
When inflation came in the nineteen - seventies , that was a major failure of Keynesian economics . ”
“ I ’m not anti-social ; I ’m just at a point in my life where I find all your friends really , really annoying . ”
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
After talking to Fama and Cochrane , I understood what Posner meant when he said that his opponents were “ sticking to their guns . ”
( Robert Lucas refused to see me , saying in an e-mail , “ I do n’t want to do this . ” )
Elsewhere , however , I found more willingness to acknowledge errors and seek new ways forward .
“ There are a lot of things that people got wrong , and I got wrong , and Chicago got wrong , ” Gary Becker , who won the Nobel in 1992 , said when I caught up with him late one afternoon .
“ You take derivatives and not fully understanding how the aggregate risk of derivatives operated .
Systemic risk : I do n’t think we understood that , either — at Chicago or anywhere else .
Maybe some of the calls for deregulation of the financial sector went a little too far , and we should have required higher capital requirements .
Although that was not just Chicago .
Larry Summers ” — the Harvard economist , who is now President Obama ’s top economic adviser — “ when he was at Treasury supported deregulation . ”
Becker is famous for extending economic analysis to areas such as education , crime , and family behavior — he has gone so far as to suggest that having children is driven partly by financial considerations .
At the age of seventy - nine , he still teaches three graduate courses ; notes were piled up on his desk , next to a twenty - inch iMac .
A major cause of the crisis , he said , was that Wall Street financial engineers devised a series of new instruments that neither they nor the people who traded them fully understood .
In the housing market , buyers had unrealistic expectations about future price gains , and a bubble formed .
“ Yeah , markets are n’t fully efficient , ” Becker said , with a wave of his hand .
“ But the general thrust that markets are more efficient than any alternative — that aspect I do n’t think is going to be changed . ”
He added , “ I do n’t see China , or Brazil , or a lot of other developing countries making any radical changes in their movements toward the market , and I think for good reason . ”
Unlike some of his colleagues , Becker believes that the federal government did a pretty good job of reacting to the financial crisis , both in extending trillions of dollars to frozen credit markets through the Federal Reserve and in bailing out the big banks .
“ I do n’t accept the view that in this crisis we should just have let everything fall where it may , ” he said .
“ Yeah , the economy would have picked itself up , but it would have been a much more severe recession . ”
Becker writes a popular economics blog with Posner , where the two of them have debated Posner ’s late - life conversion .
When I brought it up , Becker said that Posner was n’t the only apostate ; the revival of interventionism had led him to believe that ninety per cent of economists had been Keynesians all along but had been too afraid to admit it .
Still , he conceded , Posner and others had raised fair critiques of Chicago economics : “ Some of the models that were being promoted in macro did n’t turn out to be that useful in helping us to understand what to do to combat a major recessionary event . ”
What 's this ?
Two outstanding and surpassingly beautiful Cassini images in one day ?
Yeah , because this is how much I love you guys .
Check .
This .
Out :
[ Click to embiggen . ]
That is so cool !
It 's Saturn 's moon Dione passing in front of Tethys as their mutual motion , combined with Cassini's , give us this incredible view of what astronomers call an occultation ( also called a " mutual event " ... but you can just think of it as an eclipse ) .
There 's so much awesomeness in this picture .
For one , see the faint glow on the " dark " side of Tethys ?
That 's reflected light from Saturn , which is well off to the right in this picture .
But we do n't see any reflected light on Dione .
Why not ?
Even though the two moons look about the same distance away , that 's very misleading : in this image , Tethys is 2.6 million kilometers ( 1.6 million miles ) from Cassini , while Dione is 400,000 km ( 240,000 miles ) closer .
That 's enough to significantly change the geometry of the situation , so that we do n't see Saturnlight on Dione .
Note that while both moons are roughly the same size ( Tethys is 1062 km ( 660 miles ) across , and Dione is 1123 km ( 700 miles ) in diameter ) , Dione looks bigger because it was closer to Cassini when these shots were snapped .
If they had been at the same distance from Cassini , you 'd just barely be able to tell Dione is bigger .
Sometimes distance matters , not size .
And sometimes size matters too .
It 's hard to miss the vast Odysseus crater on Tethys , a terrifying 400 km ( 240 miles ) across .
That 's the size of Ohio .
An impact that large on Earth would pretty much wipe out every living thing on the planet 's surface .
For another little dose of coolness , these images were taken about one minute apart , covering just two minutes of Cassini 's tour of Saturn and its armada of moons .
Imagine what you 'd see if you could be there , staying at a hotel orbiting Titan ?
What wonders would befall your eyes if you had years to explore ?
Hmmm .
Come to think of it , we do n't have to wonder about it .
Cassini is showing us .
Credit : NASA / JPL / Space Science Institute
Developing fantastic user experience ( UX ) requires : user research , interaction design , information architecture , visual design , and usability testing .
UX covers all of these , so your website or application is engaging , useful , and intuitive .
Let 's talk about good stuff : increasing sales , better conversion , and reducing call center calls .
Online advertising : there 's so much of the bad out there it 's sometimes hard to remember it can actually be good , if only we let it .
To do that , you need equal parts timing , placement , and messaging ( all of the “ good ” variety of course ) .
We 've spent years amassing a cadre of professionals who have just those skills .
You 're very welcome .
Direct Marketing is exciting !
It reaches out and engages with people on a very personal level , making them BFFs with your brand .
Direct Marketing uses things like planning , analysis , and tracking of your customer 's behavior to develop “ relational marketing strategies ” that make sense for your brand .
Also , people love t- shirts .
Typically amazing Web experiences use some amount of Flash .
Flash brings complex animation and interactivity to Web pages , creates face - melting ( in a good way ) banners and integrates sound and video to develop rich Internet applications .
From banners to full sites , if you 're looking to make an impact online , you need Flash talent .
Even if you 're not thinking about mobile marketing , it 's a safe bet that your competitors are .
That 's why we provide access to bleeding - edge mobile talent , so your products and services hit the mobile Web running .
Whether you 're looking to build in - house teams or just to tailor your existing interactive strategy for mobile , we can help .
The messages and the media used to communicate those messages to a market — that 's MarCom .
To do it right , you need a talented person who knows his or her way around advertising , branding , direct marketing , packaging , promotion , publicity , sponsorship , PR , sales , sales promotion , and online marketing .
Whew !
Were you just checking Facebook ?
Do n't be ashamed –we were too .
Sites like Facebook , YouTube , Twitter and LinkedIn have become the nexus of the social Web , and essential places for your brand to live .
From tweeting to linking to blogging , Social Media allows you to communicate directly with the people that matter most : your customers .
Whether your medium is online , mobile , or print , you need content or you 've just got empty pages .
It does n't happen on its own .
It takes someone smart to write it so that it tells a story , strikes a chord and sometimes even encourages interaction .
It must deliver on your brand promise with a consistent brand voice .
That 's a big job .
Brands have come a long way from the hot irons for cows .
Brand / Product Management is the practice of applying marketing techniques to a product , product line , or entire brand to increase the product 's perceived value and equity .
A strategic approach to keep your brand at the top of the herd ( if you 'll forgive the pun ) .
Search engine marketing ( SEM ) is the magical process of marketing a website via search engines .
Organic listings , search engine optimization , pay per inclusion , pay per click , and banner ads are all part of what often makes this online alchemy the most cost - and results - effective online marketing medium .
Interactive Design is the process by which an idea is nurtured and cultivated to become a truly awesome online experience .
Any experience , from a Web app to a full site , depends on it .
The key to this winning formula is equal parts beauty , functionality and practicality , built on a solid layer of code to make it accessible and engaging .
Businesses need customers , right ?
Smart Direct Marketing can find , keep and delight those customers to make sure they think of you first .
At Aquent , we will provide you with the talent to design and implement an arsenal of different marketing strategies , from direct mail , catalogs , and collateral to email , websites , and telemarketing .
Typically , amazing Web experiences use some amount of Flash .
Flash brings complex animation and interactivity to Web pages , creates face - melting ( in a good way ) banners and integrates sound and video to develop rich Internet applications .
From banners to full sites , if you 're looking to make an impact online , you need Flash talent .
Graphic Design is an immensely powerful skill set–when done well , it delivers a clear message and creates an emotional response to something as intangible as a brand .
Whatever you 're cooking up — an online presence , direct mail , annual reports , catalogs , presentations , brochures , publications — Graphic Design will make it more effective .
Copywriting .
It 's tough , right ?
Everyone depends on it , but no one really realizes its value until you have pages and pages of content to fill and no one to do it .
Stringing words into sentences is just the beginning ; eventually you have to string those sentences into whole paragraphs , and that takes real skills , spelling not the least of them .
How This Site Works :
We know how it goes :
You see something awesome on the Internet , and you think : “ How do they do that ?
How can I get that on MY site ? ”
It could be a rad flash video implementation , a beautifully designed marketing initiative , or just a killer logo .
You know you need it , but you do n't know how to get it ( or even describe it ) .
Aquent's InternetOnlineWebsite.com is a website about websites ( and marketing , direct mail , t- shirts , etc. ) .
Each familiar feature of the site is designed to be explored ; rolling over them will pop up a helpful information window , letting you know what disciplines and technologies go into making that thing , and the type of people you 'll need to get the job done right .
Of course , here at Aquent we have exclusive access to the very best of these people , so we 've made it easy for you : Simply click the Email us or Call us button to get the talent you need to achieve your wildest dreams .
CLOSE CLOSE
ST . LOUIS -- Rumors that the St. Louis Rams were being sold have been rampant the past couple of years , raising concerns that the franchise would end its recent sad - sack run with a move out of town .
The Rams announced Thursday that its majority owners have indeed agreed to sell their stake , but to a potential buyer within driving distance -- and one who does n't want to relocate the once - proud franchise .
If approved by a 75 percent vote of NFL owners , Chip Rosenbloom and Lucia Rodriguez , the children of the late Rams owner Georgia Frontiere , will sell their 60 percent stake to Shahid Khan , the 55 - year - old president of an auto parts manufacturer , Flex - N - Gate , in Urbana , Ill .
" Today is a tremendously exciting day , I think , for the organization , " said Kevin Demoff , Rams executive vice president of football operations and chief operating officer .
" Whether or not the sale to a prospective buyer goes through I think it reaffirms to everybody the commitment this club has to St. Louis and our belief in this marketplace . "
Demoff said he was n't aware whether an agreement had been submitted to the NFL .
He said the sale could be completed as early as May .
Kitty Ratcliffe , the head of the St. Louis Convention & Visitors Commission , applauded the Khan announcement .
" I thought that was very good news , " she said .
" It 's someone from the general area , is a fan of the team , has been in the dome and obviously has ties to the area . "
Forbes magazine recently estimated the Rams franchise has a value of $ 913 million , 25th out of 32 teams , though some experts have said a more realistic sale price will be closer to $ 750 million .
The sale was first reported by the Web site for the St. Louis Post - Dispatch .
Stan Kroenke , a billionaire from Columbia , Mo. , owns the remaining 40 percent of the franchise as well as the NBA 's Denver Nuggets , the NHL's Colorado Avalanche , Major League Soccer 's Colorado Rapids plus a large stake in the Arsenal soccer club .
Kroenke has 60 days to decide what to do with his stake in the franchise .
He could choose to sell or make a bid to become the sole owner , although such a bid would be complicated by the NFL 's restriction of cross-ownership .
A spokesman for Kroenke did not respond to an e-mail from The Associated Press .
" I believe at the end of the 60 days you 'll know who is buying what percentage of the club , if they 're actually moving forward on the sale , " Demoff said .
During the process , Demoff said the Rams were under no financial constraints .
" We 're excited to go into free agency and to the draft , and find ways to improve this team , " Demoff said .
The sale of the Rams has been expected since Frontiere 's death in January 2008 .
Her children are both involved in other interests and neither has ties to St. Louis .
A group headed by St. Louis Blues owner Dave Checketts was also interested in buying the Rams .
Conservative radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh was initially part of the Checketts group but was dropped in October after adverse publicity about his involvement .
The sale has raised concerns in St. Louis , which lost the Cardinals franchise after the 1987 season when Bill Bidwill moved the franchise to Arizona .
Several games last season were not sold out , though that was partly due to the on - field performance -- at 1 - 15 , the Rams had the worst record in the league .
Khan did not return calls to his home or company by The Associated Press .
According to federal court records in Illinois , the Internal Revenue Service has accused Khan and his wife , Ann , of improperly sheltering $ 250 million in income between 1999 and 2003 , reducing their taxes by $ 85 million .
In an interview with The ( Champaign ) News - Gazette in early 2009 , Shahid Khan said the couple paid the IRS $ 68 million to settle the dispute , but insisted he 'd done nothing wrong .
" There is n't a hint of a criminal issue here , " Khan told the newspaper , saying he planned to try to get the money back through litigation .
It was n't clear whether he 's taken legal steps since then to recover the money and an IRS spokesman declined comment Thursday .
Forbes last year ranked Flex - N - Gate as the 229th largest private company in the U.S. , with an estimated $ 2.14 billion in annual revenue .
The company says on its
Web site that it has more than 9,500 employees at plants and other facilities in the U.S. , Canada , Mexico , Argentina and Spain .
St. Louis was without an NFL team from 1988 - 94 .
The NFL passed over St. Louis for the smaller Jacksonville , Fla. , market when it awarded an expansion team in 1993 .
Two years later , civic leaders convinced Frontiere , a St. Louis native , to move the team from Los Angeles , the nation 's second - largest market , back to her hometown .
The Rams within a few years put together a powerhouse team that won a Super Bowl a decade ago behind Kurt Warner and the rest of the " Greatest Show on Turf . "
But lately , the Rams have been one of the NFL 's worst teams , going 6 - 42 from 2007 - 09 .
A loophole in the Rams ' lease allows them to move after the 2014 season if the Edward Jones Dome is not deemed among the top quarter of all NFL stadiums by various measurements .
The dome is fast becoming one of the league 's older venues , and getting it into the top quarter seems unlikely .
The convention commission spent $ 30 million upgrading the facility before last season , installing new scoreboards and video boards and upgrading club seating .
Next season they 're due for a new grass field that can be stored and used in subsequent seasons , a major upgrade .
Ruptured plaques can cause a heart attack Scientists are to try to develop a treatment to target harmful immune cells in the arteries that are believed to trigger many heart attacks .
It is two decades since it was established a patient 's immune system could produce the inflammation in the arteries that leads to an attack .
But treatments based on this knowledge have so far proved ineffective .
The Bristol Heart Institute says this could be because drugs kill off the helpful as well as the harmful cells .
With the backing of the British Heart Foundation , they want to look at developing a treatment that specifically targets the more harmful immune cells .
It is thought these are drawn to the arteries as a result of the plaques of fatty deposits that build up here .
This can lead to the artery becoming inflamed , and the wall damaged .
Such a discovery will help pave the way for new treatments to prevent heart attacks
Professor Andrew Newby Plaques can then rupture , causing the formation of a blood clot , which can then lead to a heart attack .
" This research could point to new ways to protect fatty deposits from becoming unstable by selectively modifying the harmful immune cells while preserving their helpful activity , " said Professor Andrew Newby , who will lead the £ 750,000 research .
" Such a discovery will help pave the way for new treatments to prevent heart attacks , which could save thousands of lives each year . "
The Bristol researchers are to team up with experts from France , Sweden and the Netherlands to test the effectiveness of combining conventional drugs and new treatments to lower the immune response in the arteries of patients with heart disease , who are at risk of heart attacks .
The work could build on research being carried out at Imperial College London , where scientists recently identified one of the molecules that switches the immune cell into " attack mode " in the arteries .
More than 300 people die of a heart attack each day , and there appears to be a peak on Christmas Day and New Year 's Day - perhaps , it is speculated , due to the rich food , alcohol and anxiety the festive season brings with it .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Clipping coupons hardly sounds like the subject of high finance–or even medium finance .
Save a dollar on cat food , some detergent or a couple of boxes of cereal .
Who can be bothered ?
Who has the time ?
A growing number of people , it turns out .
And they 're shrewder than it may at first appear .
The ...
The opening last week of the world 's tallest building , the half - mile - high Burj Dubai , has largely been greeted with guffaws and groans .
The Daily Telegraph labeled it " the new pinnacle of vanity " - - " a purposeless monument to the subprime era . "
The Wall Street Journal compared it to the Tower of Babel .
( When the Empire State Building was completed in 1931 , in the throes of the greatest financial crisis of the 20th century , it was met with similar jeers .
The then - tallest building in the world was called the Empty State Building , and it remained vacant for several years . )
Yet the Burj 's completion -- indeed the whole wild enterprise known as Dubai - - could signal a potential opportunity to the global community : turning the place into the headquarters for that other misguided ship , the United Nations .
Let 's spell out the logic .
The United Nations is a pain in the butt .
It pays no taxes and annoys hard - working New Yorkers with its sloth , pretensions and cavalier disregard for traffic laws .
The place is a sinkhole dominated by anti-American , anti-Semitic and authoritarian fantasies .
It is far from the elegant crown jewel that celebrated the U.S. 's global ascendancy after the Second World War .
Today the U.N. building is a mostly empty shell -- water dripping through its roof , asbestos lining its ceiling and an erratic heating and cooling system have forced most UN workers to new facilities .
The building is in the midst of a $ 1.87 billion overhaul - - of which the U.S. , which could use the cash for myriad other things , would be on the hook for $ 437 million .
And the U.N. may be leaving anyway .
A relocation committee has recommended that the organization move temporarily to Singapore by 2015 .
It will be hard to vacate Asia again for New York , which is far away from the bulk of the world 's largest population centers .
Singapore might make a fine world capital , since it does work like a fine watch .
But it 's already crowded , expensive and highly regulated .
You have to wonder if hard - working , rational Singaporeans would want to drive up costs and lose their ability to run things as they see fit to accommodate the U.N. bureaucracy .
In contrast , the al - Maktoum family has transformed a once vast , empty landscape into a Star Wars - like capital city of the future .
There is no skyline more arresting than the one built over the past 15 years by Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum , the Absolute Ruler of the tiny Emirate .
In just 500 square miles , about half the size of Orange County , Calif. , the sheikh has created a monument to modern architectural engineering .
Sheikh Mohammed could offer to build a United Nations City to house the U.N. in any number of vacant office towers .
Business Bay has 65 million square feet of office space under construction in more than 200 high - rises .
Dubai already has thousands of newly constructed apartments that await the international delegates .
More than 2 billion people in Africa , Europe and Asia are within a six - hour flight from Dubai .
Travel connections through the world 's largest airport would be a breeze .
Dubai has 55 five - star hotels to accommodate every regal and royal delegation , as well as the Harvard Medical School Dubai Center , a $ 1,400,000,000 facility branded with the Harvard crest , just in case one of the U.N. 's elite workers breaks a gasket .
Questions of taste and timing aside , you have to admire the sheikh 's chutzpah .
The al - Maktoums , descendants of the Bani Yas clan , have ruled Dubai since 1833 , first under the protection of the British .
The United Arab Emirates was founded in 1971 with big brother Abu Dhabi , the emirate with 96 % of the confederation 's oil reserves .
Like New York , Dubai aimed first to be a capital of capital .
Recognizing that oil revenues at $ 70 a barrel brought immense cash flow to the Persian Gulf , Sheikh Mohammed set out to create a setting where Arab pride and excess oil revenues could be comfortably parked .
His boldness caught the attention of the world financial community and soon the tiny emirate employed more construction cranes than any site on Earth .
For now flying so close to the sun has resulted in a painful and somewhat humiliating fall .
With the financial market collapse of 2008 to 2009 international buyers disappeared and property values plummeted .
Half of the $ 300 billion in construction projects screeched to a halt .
The Dubai government , with $ 80 billion to $ 100 billion of debt , was in trouble , and Dubai World , its investment arm , announced suspension of interest payments on its loans .
Enter Abu Dhabi .
The neighboring emirate wrote kid brother Dubai a check for $ 25 billion .
What does $ 25 billion get you in 2010 ?
On Jan. 4 , at the grand opening of the Burj Dubai , Sheikh Mohammed announced that the tower would forever be known as Burj Khalifa , named after the Emir of Abu Dhabi .
Let 's look a bit longer term .
Right now there 's 33.6 million square feet of mostly state - of - the - art office space in Dubai .
More than 8 million square feet is vacant with millions more in the pipeline .
There 's a great airport -- as opposed to that aerial dumpster , JFK -- that is hours closer to the emerging economic powers of the new century , notably the oil states , India and China .
The workforce is skilled and open to foreigners , since the vast majority are foreigners .
In Dubai 83 % of the 2.2 million residents are from somewhere else .
Talk about cosmopolitan .
But how about New York ?
" Moving the U.N. to Dubai would be a boon for New Yorkers who have to put up with traffic jams created by the likes of Colonel Qaddafi , scofflaws protected by diplomatic immunity and the loss of real estate revenue they would gain if the U.N. building were turned into something far more useful -- condos with a view , " suggests urban historian Fred Siegel , a visiting professor at Saint Francis College in Brooklyn and a fellow at New York 's Manhattan Institute .
Liberating New York from the United Nations , in fact , would open up some of the best situated real estate in the world .
A treasure trove of great apartments and offices right along the East River would suddenly become available , bringing a potential revenue windfall to New York City , which could use it .
None of this would threaten the city 's --- or the country 's -- economic and political status .
That grows out of economic and military power , which the U.N. does little or nothing to augment .
What would Dubai get ?
It 's an ideal opportunity to refurbish its tarnished image on the world stage in a way that plays to its infrastructural and geographical advantages .
The Arabian Sea and the Indian Ocean are increasingly the focal point of the world economic and political systems .
Some of the biggest challenges facing the U.N. are concentrated in the south in Somalia and Yemen , to the west in Israel and Palestine , and to nearby Iran and Pakistan .
Dubai would have to reconcile itself to a permanent Israeli presence , but that may not be as difficult as many think .
Jews , and even Israelis , do business today in Dubai with perhaps less worry about running into manifestations of anti-Semitism than in London or Paris .
Bringing the United Nations to Dubai makes sense .
New York gets rid of one of its worst welfare cheats , and Dubai finds new tenants to fill its vacant towers .
Dubai has already built something that looks the part of a 21st - century world capital .
Let it get a cast appropriate for its glittering set .
This article originally appeared at Forbes.com .
Joel Kotkin is executive editor of NewGeography.com and is a distinguished presidential fellow in urban futures at Chapman University .
He is author of The City : A Global History .
His next book , The Next Hundred Million : America in 2050 , will be published by Penguin Press February 4th , 2010 .
Coauthor Robert J. Cristiano Ph.D. is a successful real estate developer and the Real Estate Professional in Residence at Chapman University in Orange , Calif .
The Chilcot inquiry into the invasion of Iraq – surely one of the defining events of the last decade – may well , if we are lucky , answer some of the pressing questions about that disastrous episode .
We may , as a result , be able to confirm with greater certainty that the invasion was illegal , and that it was based on a lie .
What seems unlikely , however , is that we will be any the wiser as to why – from a British standpoint – the invasion was undertaken at all .
The question , when applied to the Americans , admits of a relatively straightforward answer .
There may have been for George W an element of filial piety , and a sense of a task uncompleted , and controlling the oil may always have been a factor , but the main impetus was surely the conviction of that powerful group of conservatives who controlled the Bush administration – advisers such as Dick Cheney , Donald Rumsfeld , Paul Wolfowitz , Richard Perle – that " if you have the power , use it " .
The use of what was imagined to be overwhelming American power to change the Middle East map was too tempting to resist .
For these ideologues , alarmingly ignorant as they seem to have been of the world beyond American shores , everyone in the world – whatever their ethnicity , culture or religion – would be Californians if they could ; all that was needed was to remove obstacles such as Saddam Hussein , and the dominoes would , for once , fall in the right direction .
The invaders , it was confidently predicted , would be welcomed by the liberated with flowers .
But when we ask the question of the British , the answer is less clear , and the Chilcot process seems unlikely to produce any real insights from the only person who could respond with any accuracy and authority .
We may be forced to seek the answer for ourselves .
There are of course the explanations derived from realpolitik .
There was , first , the supposed need to control future oil supplies and then the constant imperative to stay close to the Americans .
The oil question was regularly advanced as a plausible explanation for the Iraq adventure at the time .
But , in retrospect , it carries little conviction .
There is no evidence that Saddam was any more likely than anyone else to cut off oil supplies to the west ; the main obstacle to the continued flow of Iraqi oil was , after all , the sanctions applied by the American - led alliance .
But , it could be argued , if the Americans – even if erroneously – believed that Saddam had to be removed if the oil supply was to be guaranteed , that was surely reason enough to support the invasion , if only to assure the US that it could rely on Britain .
And it is certainly true that , following Suez , the imperative to never stray too far from what the Americans wanted was deeply ingrained in British foreign policy , as I discovered at first hand when I joined the Foreign Office in the late 1960s .
Even so , the case for the invasion on the basis that it was essential to do whatever the Americans wanted does not bear scrutiny .
If that had been the British attitude , and given the weight of the legal , ethical , military and foreign policy arguments against such a dangerous venture , the sensible course would have been a measured degree of diplomatic support , or at least a defensive refraining from overt opposition .
The large - scale and enthusiastic commitment of direct British military support was a step of a wholly different order , and can be explained only by identifying a quite extraordinary additional motivating factor .
That factor was the personality of the then prime minister .
It can safely be asserted that , although many could be found at the time to support the invasion , there was no one else in British public life who , given the opportunity , would have had the confidence and moral certainty to take this country to war as Tony Blair did , particularly on the basis of a story that he knew to be false .
Where did this amazing chutzpah come from ?
Prime ministers who serve a reasonable length of time are always in danger of succumbing to what I call " prime ministerial syndrome " – the belief that , after years of acolytes hanging on their every word , they are infallible .
Tony Blair was temperamentally peculiarly susceptible to this condition , exacerbated in his case by his extraordinary ability at that time to persuade the British people of anything he chose .
It is easy to see how he came to believe that whether or not the stated reasons for the Iraq invasion were true simply did not matter ; the fact that he himself supported the venture was enough .
Why did he support it ?
He had by this time convinced himself that he was a world statesman , equipped to partner George Bush in a duumvirate which would re-shape the world .
Underpinned by a hitherto undeclared religious conviction , he increasingly saw the world in terms of absolutes – good and evil , right and wrong .
Like the American conservatives , but for moral and religious reasons rather than misplaced ideological opportunism , he could not resist the chance to strike a blow not only for enlightenment but for his own destiny .
This messianic posture was brilliantly exploited by the Bush administration .
After six years of the increasingly tedious and vexatious business of governing Britain , what a wonderful confirmation of his destiny it must have been to receive the unalloyed plaudits of a fawning American establishment and media .
The carping of domestic critics could safely be ignored when the world 's greatest power recognised him as a saviour .
We invaded a foreign country to assure Tony Blair of his place in history .
The irony is that it will not be the one he had imagined .
I love skepticism .
I think it ’s not a secret to anyone who has been reading my blog .
Yesterday I had my feelings reinforced .
James “ The Amazing ” Randi wrote an entry where he laid out his doubts about the belief that human activities are directly affecting our climate and contributing to global warming .
It was a surprising post to say the least .
I do n’t know much about the issue myself , so I ca n’t say exactly if he was party wrong or right , but I thought that the scientific consensus was that human activities do lead to increased levels of CO2 , and that increased levels of CO2 directly affect global temperatures .
So you can imagine how surprised I was to read Randi ’s entry .
But that ’s not the point I intend to make here .
The point is how the reaction in our community to Randi ’s post reinforced my love for skepticism .
Now anyone who knows anything about our movement , knows that when it comes to venerable figures Randi is most likely our number 1 most liked , most “ worshiped ” skeptic .
He is the undisputed leader of our movement .
Period .
Yet , somehow , even that power status did not shield him from criticism from our community .
Now take a minute to fully appreciate the repercussions of that .
Try to think of any other group that is ready and willing to criticize even it ’s “ leaders ” without fear , the moment they “ slip ” .
Can you think of any ?
PZ Myers had his say .
The Quackometer had its say .
The Island of Doubt had his say .
Countless others did .
Just look up @ Daniel_Loxton on Twitter and look at his links to various other posts yesterday and you ’ll start to get an idea at the immediate “ hold your horses ” reaction that the community had to it ’s leader ’s off the cuff remarks .
And that ’s what makes this movement amazing , our committment to facts and logic above all else .
No idea is shielded from the critical eye ; no person gets a get - out - of - jail - free card , not even Randi .
We are committed to the truth not ideologies ; we do n’t pretend not to see or hear things that inconvenience us .
And I am sure it was with deep emotional reservations that the above mentioned bloggers took on Randi ’s post , trepidation even most likely , but they did anyway and they have all my respect for that .
As far as Randi goes , he ’s my hero ; he ’s all of these folks hero .
And if I know him at all he ’ll follow reason , logic and evidence to whatever conclusion it leads .
And he ’s not afraid to change his mind or admit when he makes a mistake , if indeed he made one with some of his remarks in his entry yesterday .
It is out of deep “ reverence ” for this man ’s intelligence and out of utter lack of knowledge of the facts on this issue that I cannot myself have any strong opinions on this ; so I am not equipped to say if he did or did n’t make a mistake .
As such I ’ll leave it to others , better equiped than myself to sort this out with Randi , but I have one thing to say about this whole damned thing :
I LOVE ME SOME SKEPTICISM
SOME PATENTED GENES SOME PATENTED GENES
About 20 % of the human genome has been patented , including : Gene : HFE
Role : Mutation causes haemochromatosis , an overabsorption of iron .
Gene : ASPA
Role : Mutation causes Canavan disease through degeneration of nerve fiber insulation .
Gene : BMP7
Role : Creates bone Gene : CDKN2A
Role : Mutation can increase risk of skin cancer Gene : LEPR
Role : Variations may be associated with obesity Source : USA TODAY research
In a case that could have far - reaching implications for medical research and health care based on genetics , groups representing thousands of doctors , scientists and patients went to court Tuesday to argue that no one should be able to patent human genes , a question that has long been controversial in scientific circles .
The case involves a Utah company , Myriad Genetics , and the University of Utah Research Foundation , which in 1994 isolated the DNA sequence for the BRCA1 and later the BRCA2 genes , mutations of which can greatly increase a woman 's chance of developing breast and ovarian cancer .
Myriad sells a test for the genes .
GENETIC TESTS : Are they worth it ?
The American Civil Liberties Union and the Public Patent Foundation , a not - for - profit organization affiliated with Cardozo School of Law in New York , argued before federal district court Judge Robert Sweet that patents on genes are unconstitutional .
The U.S. Patent Office allows genes to be patented as soon as someone isolates the DNA by removing it from the cell , says ACLU attorney Sandra Park .
" We 're arguing that isolating it does not make it patentable .
It 's a natural phenomenon , and the Supreme Court has always said natural phenomena are not patentable . "
The suit also argues that because every human has these genes , the patents infringe on First Amendment rights of freedom of scientific inquiry and the free exchange of ideas , as well as undermining bodily integrity and a person 's right to know about his or her genetic makeup .
The suit is supported by groups such as the American Medical Association , the March of Dimes and the American Society for Human Genetics .
It also argues that gene patents make research into tests and cures for cancer more difficult by requiring researchers to obtain licenses from the patent holder .
Myriad strongly disagrees .
" Without the patents , there would n't have been the financial incentive " to create the tests , says company general counsel Rick Marsh .
The question is whether gene patents stymie research or promote it by making it financially worthwhile .
It really comes down to a question of practicality , says Jonathan Moreno , a professor of bioethics at the University of Pennsylvania .
" Is the current intellectual property system the best arrangement between striking the balance between good science , public health and efficiency ? "
The suit , filed May 12 , is being heard at the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
When you buy pearls online from orientalpearls .
net , you will get unique pearl jewelry made as per your request with the best quality freshwater pearls at the lowest wholesale prices .
Guaranteed !
Why ?
In any shape – from classical round pearls , rice or oval pearls , coin pearls , cornflake pearls or keshi , baroque pearls , button pearls and biwa pearls , to many other shaped pearls !
In any grade – from low grade pearls ( intended for pearl powder or pharmaceutical use ) all the way to the best AAA and top gem quality , featured in high end jewelry and department stores by jewelry designers .
Drilling pearls in any way you want – half drilled , double drilled , top drilled , center drilled or diagonally drilled .
You can ask for standard hole size for a pearl necklace , or any larger hole sizes that you specify from 1 mm to 2.5 mm .
In any color – from black , white , pink , gray , brown , champagne , chocolate , red , blue to mauve and more !
Whichever colored pearls you choose , we can process it for you in two weeks !
Besides naturally colored pearls , including white , pink , mauve and lavender , we also wholesale pearls in peacock , chocolate , ivory , cream , pink , champagne , yellow , green , red , and cranberry shades .
TALLAHASSEE , Fla . -
Since the beginning of time , philosophers , scientists and theologians have sought to find out whether human beings have free will or whether other forces are at work to control our actions , decisions and choices .
Now , Florida State University philosopher Alfred Mele has been awarded a $ 4.4 million grant from the John Templeton Foundation to get to the bottom of this question for the ages .
Mele , the William H. and Lucyle Werkmeister Professor of Philosophy , will oversee a four - year project to improve understanding of free will in philosophy , religion and science .
" This is an extraordinarily large award in the humanities , which speaks volumes about Al Mele 's worldwide reputation as a scholar , the excitement provoked by his newest ideas , and the Templeton Foundation 's commitment to the highest standards of creativity in ideas and rigor in scholarship , " said Joseph Travis , dean of Florida State University 's College of Arts and Sciences .
" An award of this magnitude and visibility puts our Department of Philosophy , and Florida State , in a very bright international spotlight . "
The project , " Free Will : Human and Divine -- Empirical and Philosophical Explorations , " is not quite as esoteric as the topic might suggest .
For thousands of years the question of free will was strictly in the domain of philosophers and theologians .
But in recent years , some neuroscientists have been producing data they claim shows that the genesis of action in the brain begins well before conscious awareness of any decision to perform that action arises .
If true , conscious control over action -- a necessary condition of free will -- is simply impossible .
Likewise , some social psychologists believe that unconscious processes , in tandem with environmental conditions , control behavior and that our conscious choices do not .
Mele , a prolific scholar whose most recent book , " Effective Intentions : The Power of Conscious Will " ( Oxford University Press , 2009 ) , was an effort to debunk those claims , falls clearly in the pro-free will camp .
But he acknowledges that he does n't have the answers , and he is open to different interpretations of free will for different disciplines .
His goal is that scientists , philosophers and theologians will be closer to the truth when this project is complete in 2013 .
" What I want to do is make significant progress on discovering whether we do or do n't have free will , " Mele said .
" It 's not as if in four years , we are going to know .
But I want to push us along the way so that we can speed up our understanding of all of this . "
The ramifications could have significant societal impacts .
" If we eventually discover that we do n't have free will , the news will come out and we can predict that people 's behavior will get worse as a consequence , " Mele said .
" We should have plans in place for how to deal with that news . "
His prediction about the degeneration of people 's behavior is based on experiments in which psychologists induced a disbelief in free will among study participants to find out how that disbelief would affect their behavior .
It was n't pretty :
When participants believed they had no control over their actions -- and therefore presumably felt they were not responsible for their behavior -- they cheated and were more aggressive .
Mele will oversee the project 's multipronged approach .
About $ 3.4 million of the grant money will be distributed to researchers around the world who submit worthy proposals to study the science , conceptual underpinnings and theology of free will .
The grant money also will be used to fund a position in the philosophy department to be filled annually for the next three years by a postdoctoral scholar with a special interest in free will .
Research colloquia will be held annually for three years beginning in 2011 , and Mele will direct a two - week summer seminar at Florida State in 2012 .
In addition , as many as 10 prizes of $ 3,000 each will be awarded to authors of essays on free will published in the popular venues .
The project was initiated by the John Templeton Foundation Vice President for Philosophy and Theology Michael J. Murray , who sought Mele 's help in shaping the proposal before naming him the project 's principal investigator .
Murray came to the right place :
Mele is considered the most eminent authority on the subject and is the primary reason why the Philosophical Gourmet Report has ranked Florida State 's philosophy department No.1 in the world when it comes to the study of philosophy of action , which includes free will .
" The notion of free will is deeply embedded in our self - conception as moral human agents , " Murray said .
" At the John Templeton Foundation , we are very pleased that Florida State has taken the lead to advance research on this emerging interdisciplinary topic , one that we are confident will more deeply inform our understanding of the emerging empirical data , as well as of realties both human and divine . "
###
The John Templeton Foundation ( www.templeton.org) serves as a philanthropic catalyst for research relating to what scientists and philosophers call the Big Questions .
It supports work at the world 's top universities in such fields as theoretical physics , cosmology , evolutionary biology , cognitive science , and social science relating to love , forgiveness , creativity , purpose , and the nature and origin of religious belief .
It also seeks to stimulate new thinking about wealth creation in the developing world , character education in schools and universities , and programs for cultivating the talents of gifted children .
USA TODAY / GALLUP POLL USA TODAY / GALLUP POLL
WASHINGTON  President Obama is the man Americans admired most in 2009 , a USA TODAY / Gallup Poll finds , while Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton and former Alaska governor Sarah Palin are virtually tied as the most - admired woman .
The close finish by Clinton , named by 16 % in the open - ended survey , and Palin , named by 15 % , reflects the nation 's partisan divide .
Clinton was cited by nearly 3 in 10 Democrats but only 6 % of Republicans , Palin by a third of Republicans but less than 1 % of Democrats .
Obama dominates the field among men at 30 % , though his support also shows a partisan split .
He was named by more than half of Democrats but just 7 % of Republicans .
While the president 's job - approval rating has eroded during his first year in office , his standing as the most - admired man demonstrates " a very strong fan base , " says Frank Newport , Gallup 's editor in chief .
The only past presidents to score higher were George W. Bush in 2001 , in the aftermath of the Sept. 11 attacks , and John Kennedy in 1961 .
First lady Michelle Obama ranks as the fourth most - admired woman , behind Oprah Winfrey .
The survey , taken by Gallup almost every year since 1948 , shows the nation 's broad judgment — and name recall — of politicians , popes and talk - show hosts .
Presidents often lead the list , though as president - elect , Obama swamped Bush in 2008 .
This year , as last , Bush finished a distant second .
South African leader Nelson Mandela is third and conservative commentator Glenn Beck fourth .
Evangelist Billy Graham , who has been on the top - 10 list every year the survey has been taken since 1955 , is sixth , just after Pope Benedict XVI .
Among women , Clinton continues an unprecedented 17 - year run as the first or second most - admired woman .
She first led the list in 1993 as first lady and has held the top spot for the past eight years as a New York senator and , now , the nation 's top diplomat .
She lost a bid for the Democratic nomination last year .
Palin was the GOP vice presidential nominee .
Among men , former president Bill Clinton ties for 10th with Tiger Woods , the golfer engulfed in scandal .
Elin Nordegren
Woods , the athlete 's wife , ties with German Chancellor Angela Merkel as the ninth most - admired woman .
The poll of 1,025 adults , taken Dec. 11 - 13 , has a margin of error of +/–4 percentage points .
Over the years , the list has reflected women 's changing roles .
In 1948 , the top - 10 list included presidential daughter Margaret Truman and Princess Elizabeth of England as well as their mothers .
Only one , former House member Clare Boothe Luce , had held elective office .
Now , it includes three current or former heads of state , two U.S. secretaries of State , a former governor and a writer , Maya Angelou .
NASA 's Wide - field Infrared Survey Explorer ( WISE ) has returned its first photograph - a calibration shot of " about 3,000 stars in the Carina constellation " :
NASA explains * that the eight - second exposure was " captured as the spacecraft stared in a fixed direction , in order to help calibrate its pointing system " .
Once fully up and running , WISE will " scan the sky continuously as it circles the globe , while an internal scan mirror counteracts its motion " .
William Irace , the mission 's project manager at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , said : " Right now , we are busy matching the rate of the scan mirror to the rate of the spacecraft , so we will capture sharp pictures as our telescope sweeps across the sky . "
Operating at an altitude of 525 km , WISE will pass over the poles 15 times a day taking a picture every 11 seconds through its 40 - cm ( 16 - inch ) telescope .
It will eventually deliver around 1,500,000 images of the entire sky in the infrared " with a sensitivity hundreds of times greater than ever before " .
NASA expects to spot " millions of hidden objects , including asteroids , ' failed ' stars and powerful galaxies " .
The data will serve as " navigation charts for other missions , such as NASA 's Hubble and Spitzer Space Telescopes , pointing them to the most interesting targets the mission finds " .
Since WISE 's infrared - spying capability depends on it not emitting any detectable infrared light of its own , its scope and four one million - pixel infrared detectors are chilled to as low as 8 Kelvin in a frozen - hydrogen - filled cryostat ( see pic ) .
NASA has described the cryostat as resembling " a giant Thermos bottle " or " the Star Wars robot R2 - D2 " , and being " about the height and weight of a big polar bear , only wider " .
The agency 's big polar bear in this case is 2.85 metres tall , 2 metres wide , 1.73 metres deep and weighs 661kg .
The spacecraft 's mission will end once the hydrogen evaporates away , by around October 2010 , according to NASA 's estimate .
The main WISE page is here , the mission overview here , and further spacecraft details are here . ®
Bootnote
* NASA elaborates that the picture covers an area " three times the size of the [ full ] Moon " and shows " infrared light from three of WISE 's four wavelength bands : Blue , green and red correspond to 3.4 , 4.6 , and 12 microns , respectively " .
“ History does n’t repeat itself , but it does rhyme . ” – Attributed to Mark Twain
I have never been a great fan of Rahm Emanuel .
In his clips , he seems to relish his image as a foul - mouthed , vengeful pit viper .
He looks like one , too .
Do n’t get me wrong .
At least he ’s a vertebrate .
Karl Rove is one of those poisonous Australian jellyfish .
He sleeps in a jar of seawater at night .
I know that even Democrats need people like that , but as Barack Obama morphed into Hopey McChange , I found myself surrendering my Buddhist principles of compassion for human folly .
I devolved into reptilian animosity toward Rahm Emanuel , who came to represent for me all the failings of the Obama White House .
I wrote letters to my influential media contacts , begging them to expose him .
They did n’t even respond to say no .
This inflamed my anger even more .
When Coakley conceded , I had a raving fit and told my wife that Rahm Emanuel was a creepy Israeli [ unprintable string of utterly noxious ad hominem epithets that only a Jew like me can apply to another Jew ] who should be exiled to his father ’s basement in Tel Aviv .
Anita said , “ Well , he may very well be an unsavory character , but I do n’t think you should say things like that .
Are you sure his father lives in Tel Aviv ? ”
The Massachusetts result was foreordained when Rahm Emanuel drove Howard Dean out of the party power structure .
Dean would have been on top of the situation long before the primary .
He would have been in touch with the younger people and known why she was so widely disliked by the Massachusetts party insiders .
Coakley might have been nominated anyway but funds and resources would have been deployed much earlier .
Rahm purged the man who invented a new form of political campaign and in the process gave Democrats the massive victories of 2006 and 2008 .
He then substituted Beltway centralism for Dean ’s grassroots ( and / or netroots , if you will ) approach to operational politics .
Instead of embracing Dean ’s followers as a counter balance to the corporate whoremasters , Rahm went out of his way to trash them .
“ There are no liberals left to get , ” Rahm Emmanuel said during the health insurance reform scheme - athon .
Yep .
Well , you just changed that , tough guy .
Now what ?
President Obama is surrounded by enemies , a prisoner in the White House with various guns — literally and figuratively — pointed at his head .
He needs a Chicago - style political gangster as a bodyguard who is 100 % loyal to him and no one else .
I doubt that he would be inclined to make any changes .
Recommendation : Rahm must make an accommodation with Dean .
Otherwise , 2010 is going to be a repeat of Massachusetts , and Barack Hussein Obama will probably be a one - term president .
The most troubling aspect of Massachusetts is that the GOP now has a viable presidential candidate and his name is Scott Brown .
This is not Sarah Palin .
This is a very astute politician who looks like an action figure and can talk like a sane person when he wants to .
Joe Biden was right about Afghanistan .
He knows how things work , and he knows what it is to be a Democrat .
He has n’t enriched himself in office .
He has the best security credentials in Washington , if unfortunately on the side of repression .
He ’s no Dennis Kucinich , but he can add and subtract , an uncommon skill among high - ranking politicians .
Recommendation : The President should use Biden as a counterweight to Rahm .
The Vice - President can probably broker a deal with Dean and act as a political center to unify the party for 2010 .
I would speculate that if 51 votes ruled in the Senate , the Democratic Party would be able to give the nation a record of accomplishment that would merit its favor in 2010 .
Joe Biden has observed , “ This is the first time every single solitary decision has required 60 senators .
No democracy has survived needing a supermajority . ”
Recommendation :
The filibuster has to go .
Its modern use was established to protect the rights of the Dixiecrats , who have evolved into today ’s Republicans .
The red states are an exact match for the slave states and territories .
The results are exactly what you would expect .
We are paralyzed by their venom .
And we have begun not merely to rot , but to stink .
Jules Siegel
Jules Siegel is a long - time writer , photograph and graphic artist , reporting now from Cancun , Mexico .
War Criminals : Arrest Warrants Requested
International arrest warrants have been requested for George W. Bush , Richard ( Dick ) Cheney , Donald Rumsfeld , George Tenet , Condoleeza Rice and Alberto Gonzales at the International Criminal Court , The Hague , Netherlands .
War Criminals : Arrest Warrants Requested
Professor of Law Francis A. Boyle of the University of Illinois College of Law in Champain , United States of America , has issued a Complaint with the Prosecutor for the International Criminal Court against the above - mentioned for their practice of “ extraordinary rendition ” ( forced disappearance of persons and subsequent torture ) in Iraq and for criminal policy which constitutes Crimes against Humanity in violation of the Rome Statute which set up the ICC .
As such , the Accused ( mentioned above ) are deemed responsible for the commission of crimes within the territories of many States signatories of the Rome Statute , in violation of Rome Statute Articles 5 ( 1 ) ( b ) , 7 ( 1 ) ( a ) , 7 ( 1 ) ( e ) , 7 ( 1 ) ( g ) , 7 ( 1 ) ( h ) , 7 ( 1) 8i ) and 7 ( 1 ) ( k ) .
Despite the fact that the USA is not a signatory State , the ICC has the jurisdiction to prosecute under Article 12 ( 2 ) ( a ) of the Rome Statute .
This Article stipulates that the Court may exercise its jurisdiction if one or more States in which the conduct in question occurred has accepted the jurisdiction of the Court .
Furthermore , the forced disappearance of persons and torture in deemed by the Rome Statute as a Crime against Humanity , one which is still ongoing .
The Exercise of Jurisdiction may be activated under Article 13 , with respect to a crime committed under Article 5 if the Prosecutor has initiated an investigation .
Professor Boyle , in his issue of complaint , respectfully requested that such an investigation be initiated .
The issue of complaint states “ about 100 human beings have been subjected to enforced disappearances and subsequent torture by the Accused ” , adds that some of them could still be alive today , and that an investigation could save these lives .
Regarding those whose enforced disappearances led to their deaths , the Complaint requests a process of explanation and clarification for what would be a murder investigation .
Timothy BANCROFT -HINCHEY
PRAVDA .
Ru
London , England ( CNN ) --
Scientists have uncovered startling new evidence which definitively show what color feathers certain dinosaurs had -- reddish - orange .
The evidence also proves that feathers evolved in dinosaurs before birds adapted them for flight .
" This is the first direct evidence of a certain color in a known dinosaur feather , " Patrick Orr , co-author of the study from Bristol University told CNN .
" If I had to explain it simply , I would say that we now have a basis for choosing a certain color if you were coloring in a dinosaur book .
" It 's a huge discovery . "
The discovery was made by a team of scientists from China and the UK , who used electron microscopy technology to analyze membranes in fossilized dinosaurs to determine what color the feathers were .
They examined the fossilized remains of the Sinosauropteryx and Sinornithosaurus which were discovered in October 2009 during a dig in northeast China .
There , scientists found 20 fossilized pterodactyls dating back more than 160 million years .
In early January 2010 , another group of scientists found the oldest fossilized footprints made by a four - legged creature .
The discovery of the footprints in a former quarry in the Holy Cross Mountains in southeastern Poland are thought to be 395 million years old -- 18 million years older than the earliest tetrapod ( a vertebrate with limbs rather than fins ) body fossils .
The report says the footprints of the tetrapod measure up to 26 centimeters ( 10 inches ) wide , which scientists say is indicative of an animal around 2.5 meters ( 7.5 feet ) in length .
The footprints are also 10 million years older than the earliest known elpistostegids -- creatures which displayed some animal characteristics but retained fins .
It is easy to mock the thousands of activists , officials and ministers flying to Copenhagen in their jets , driving around in an immense fleet of limousines , and collectively emitting more carbon dioxide than a small African country — all to force the rest of us to reduce our carbon footprints .
But it is one thing to accuse them of hypocrisy in not living out their beliefs .
Casting doubt on their belief that global warming poses an imminent threat to life on this planet is another .
To ...
Description :
Sasha Knox has always fantasied about being bound helpless and used by a large group of men and women .
Tonight she gets the privilege of having her dream come true on the Upper Floor of the Armory .
She is tied in inescapable bondage and made to strip for the amusement of the crowd .
But when she is too helpless to comply with their commands she is whipped , shocked , and denied orgasms .
She rides the Sybian , worships multiple feet , and cums uncontrollably before being strapped down to a table with her legs spread wide and her face covered with a hood so that she has no idea who is fucking her ass and using her mouth .
Finally her face is covered in cum and she experiences the sting of the cattle prod for the first time .
An excellent shoot with an excellent model .
Do n’t miss it !
When a pickup cut - off a semi carrying a load of cooking spray in Florida , the canisters caught fire and burned with enough intensity to warp the concrete support beams .
Sadly , there was n't a hamburger spill atop the overpass .
[ WFTV.com ]
( Photo credit Florida Turnpike Authority )
Advertisement
The accident occurred on CR - 561 underneath the Florida turnpike December 14th .
Advertisement
Efforts to extinguish the blaze were hampered after a fire truck tanker slid off the road en route and rolled over , the firefighters were not seriously injured .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Drivers of both the truck and tractor trailer escaped without major injury .
Advertisement
Inspection of the bridge found the fire from the cooking spray had burned so hot major structural elements where warped and damaged beyond repair .
Advertisement
Two contractors are currently working on the estimated $ 1.5 million repair job
Advertisement
Until then , the country road and the turnpike are closed with all traffic taking multiple detours .
Advertisement
Advertisement
MSNBC 's Dylan Ratigan talks to Rep. Alan Grayson about the amendment passed by the House Financial Services Committee to allow an independent audit of the Federal Reserve .
If Alan Greenspan is not happy about it , I take that as a good sign they did the right thing .
It only took putting this country on the edge of financial ruin that we 're not out of yet for the S.O.B. to ever admit he might be wrong about anything .
Ratigan : Alright first big newsmaker of the Meeting , Democratic Alan Grayson , better known for some of his fiery comments on Republicans and health care , now taking aim at the Federal Reserve along with so many others .
He says the Federal Reserve is more secretive than the CIA , and his new amendment co-sponsored by Republican Ron Paul would allow the first ever independent audit of the Federal Reserve .
The amendment edged out a competing proposal from North Carolina Congressman Mel Watt who wants to limit those very audits .
Congressman Grayson now joins the Morning Meeting .
Your amendment approved by the House Financial Services Committee — a huge step forward .
Where do you go from here and what ’s your level of confidence Representative that you can continue to addendum behind this piece of legislation ?
Grayson :
Where we go is to stop the secret bailouts .
There have been hints and hints now for more than two years that the Fed ’s been conducting huge bailouts on the scale of hundreds of billions of dollars to favor large failed banks .
Now we ’re going to find out all about it , and we ’re going to decide whether it ’s good or bad .
It 's obviously sad that the fashion designer Alexander McQueen has died .
It 's especially sad that apparently he should have taken his own life , at the tender age of 40 and in the pomp of his career ; a creatively unfulfilled but widely loved man , whom darkness enveloped after the loss of his beloved mother .
Alexander McQueen ... " He changed the silhouette of trousers forever " .
But could I also just say this : the fashion industry that he dominated is one of the least attractive legal activities on earth , populated by weirdo artists , freakish PRs and emaciated and mentally disordered models .
To be even tangentially exposed to it is to enter a world of phoneys and airheads , mutually massaging the pointlessness of each other 's professional existence , self - regarding to a degree that would make Narcissus blush , committed only to ripping off a market made docile by cocaine , champagne and the odd canape .
Fashion is a chimera of a real industry , the absence of which would harm no one other than its self - serving catamites and courtesans .
It is a disgusting place to make a living .
There .
I just thought I 'd make that clear , because nobody else seems to have done so over the past couple of days .
Creatively meeting your needs driven by Solutions !
IN 4 Solution was set up in the year 2006 , as a proprietary concern with the prime objective of developing and giving solutions for Attendance Management System .
Soon IN4 solution became a trusted name in Time Management and Access Control Systems as the solutions and services we provided were far beyond the customer 's requirements .
Our company proved to be an effective tool to the Management who gradually believed that performance is the key to competitive success .
In the current changing scenario we have become a preferred company in the field of security systems providing solutions and extending services in the areas of
• Attendance Management Systems , • Access Control Systems , • Guard Patrolling Systems , • CCTV's , • Godrej Video Door Phone , • Godrej Home Alarm Systems . • Time Attendance Software , • Canteen Management Software , • Payroll Software , • Visitor management Software , • Attendance for Schools Students with SMS , • Web based Attendance Software with Employee self service .
Client List
U.S. Food and Drug Administration officials say they are powerless to regulate BPA , although they have declared the chemical to be a safety concern for fetuses , babies and young children .
A quirk in the rules allows BPA makers to skirt federal regulation .
" We may have to go after legislation to change it , " Joshua Sharfstein , the FDA 's principal deputy director , told the Journal Sentinel .
The newspaper has been investigating the government 's lack of regulation regarding BPA for three years .
FDA officials announced Friday that they had reversed their position that bisphenol A is safe .
The chemical , used to line most food and beverage cans , has been found in the urine of 93 % of Americans tested .
The agency now considers BPA to be of some concern for effects on the brain , behavior and prostate glands of fetuses and the very young .
Scientific studies have raised concerns about the chemical 's link to breast and prostate cancer , diabetes , obesity , heart disease , reproductive failures and behavioral problems .
The FDA did not ban the chemical , although top scientists , including Linda Birnbaum , director of the National Toxicology Program , say they consider the safety of BPA to be uncertain .
An agency source says some from within the FDA wanted to follow Canada 's lead and ban it from baby bottles - or from the lining of infant formula cans - but administration officials have resisted , concerned that babies who rely on bottled formula would be left without healthy alternatives .
" They could n't take it off the shelves when there are n't substitutes in place , " said the source , who asked not to be identified because the issue is so politically charged in the agency .
FDA officials - including Sharfstein ; Lynn Goldmann , a consultant to the FDA ; and Jesse Goodman , the FDA 's acting chief scientist - told the Journal Sentinel they were frustrated by the antiquated framework of the FDA 's regulatory process .
Officials say they would like chemical manufacturers to report information about the chemical to them , including how much BPA they produce and where and how it is used .
But because BPA was classified years ago as an indirect food additive , it is not subject to the kind of scrutiny that other chemicals are .
Without critical data about BPA , it is impossible to regulate the chemical , officials said .
BPA , first manufactured in 1891 , was later developed as a plasticizer in the early 1960s .
It was classified in 1963 as an indirect food additive and is listed among some 3,000 chemicals that are " generally regarded as safe . "
That designation exempts them from scrutiny .
According to the FDA 's regulations , a substance that is granted that status is not subject to FDA review .
So , while the agency can broadcast its opinion that the chemical is not safe , it can't compel companies to provide certain information about the chemical .
Given concern about BPA , and the ongoing evaluation and studies on its safety , the FDA thinks that the more modern framework is more robust and appropriate for oversight of BPA , agency officials say .
The FDA candidly explains the limitations on its Web site :
Current BPA food contact uses were approved under food additive regulations issued more than 40 years ago .
This regulatory structure limits the oversight and flexibility of FDA .
Once a food additive is approved , any manufacturer of food or food packaging may use the food additive in accordance with the regulation .
There is no requirement to notify FDA of that use .
For example , today there exist hundreds of different formulations for BPA - containing epoxy linings , which have varying characteristics .
As currently regulated , manufacturers are not required to disclose to FDA the existence or nature of these formulations .
Furthermore , if FDA were to decide to revoke one or more approved uses , FDA would need to undertake what could be a lengthy process of rulemaking to accomplish this goal .
Changes needed
FDA Administrator Margaret Hamburg said the agency needs to overhaul its regulatory framework because the structure limits its ability to monitor BPA production .
" We need to be more nimble , " she said .
Sharfstein , the deputy director , said the agency can try to get the companies to volunteer the information but might have to get a change in the law .
The FDA 's admission of its inability to regulate the chemical should give muscle to legislative efforts for a ban , said Jon Peterson Myers , chief scientist for Environmental Health Sciences , who has advocated for a BPA ban .
" Industry always uses the argument that the chemical is regulated , " Myers said .
" This shows that it is not .
State and federal lawmakers need to consider that .
They can't rely on this agency to regulate it if they do n't have the tools to do so . "
Minnesota , Connecticut , the City of Chicago and two counties in New York have banned BPA in baby bottles .
Other measures are being considered in 30 states and municipalities .
A federal ban on BPA in all food contact has been proposed in Congress .
The Journal Sentinel obtained e-mails through the Freedom of Information
Act that showed how the agency 's look at BPA had been influenced by BPA makers .
The newspaper found that industry scientists wrote sections of the FDA 's earlier draft declaring the chemical to be safe for all uses .
It later obtained e-mails that showed industry lobbyists were given priority treatment in scrutinizing studies and that FDA regulators looked to them for advice on how to deal with the media .
The newspaper also uncovered documents that showed how BPA makers borrowed the same tactics and some of the same people as the tobacco industry to downplay the health risks of their products .
In a meeting held in Washington , D.C. , last May , food packaging executives mapped out a public relations strategy that included finding a pregnant woman to serve as a spokeswoman for the benefits of BPA .
Notes referred to such a person as " the holy grail . "
Last year , more than 6 billion pounds of BPA was made , representing nearly $ 7 billion in sales .
U.S. companies that make BPA are Bayer Material Science ; Dow Chemical Co. ; SABIC Innovative Plastics ( formerly GE Plastics ) ; Hexion Specialty Chemicals ; and Sunoco Chemicals .
Company officials have evaded questions about their product .
Rep. John D. Dingell ( D - Mich . ) has written letters to BPA makers demanding information about their production levels but has gotten no reply .
" They absolutely stonewalled them , just like they stonewall anyone who wants information , " said Fred vom Saal , a University of Missouri scientist who has advocated a ban of BPA .
Vom Saal has debated against industry lobbyists at government hearings .
Chemical industry scientists maintain that BPA is safe .
The American Chemistry Council , the lobby group for the chemical industry , issued a statement Friday saying that BPA is an important ingredient in preserving the integrity of food and drink .
The Obama administration committed $ 30 million to studies of BPA .
The FDA 's Sharfstein said the data is expected to be collected in the next 18 months to two years .
While the FDA considers how to deal with BPA makers , the market is moving away from using BPA in baby products .
Last year , the six major baby bottle makers announced they would stop using the chemical in their products .
Susanne Rust , a former Journal Sentinel reporter involved in the paper 's BPA investigation and now a freelance writer , contributed to this report .
Crimea and Punishment
Few neighbors are closer to one another than Ukraine and Russia .
Both countries are East Slavic and Orthodox in makeup , trace their origins to Kievan Rus a thousand years ago , and belonged together as one state for more than three centuries .
Yet cultural affinity does not necessarily breed friendship .
To most Russians , Ukraine is simply " Little Russia " — inconceivable as a separate country .
And with the Jan. 17 Ukrainian presidential election , Russia gets another chance to prove its point .
While Ukrainians are understandably preoccupied these days with their country ’s economic meltdown , another crisis that Russia is seemingly determined to press , perhaps as early as 2010 , will be over the fate of Crimea , the peninsula extending from southern Ukraine into the Black Sea .
The autonomous region of 2 million ethnic Russians , Ukrainians , and Crimean Tatars is part of Ukraine for the moment , but recently , Moscow has claimed it should rightfully belong to Russia .
Boris Yeltsin , the first president of the post - Soviet Russian Federation , did what he could to fortify Ukraine ’s sovereignty and territorial integrity .
He insisted that Russia choose a path of " internal development , " not an " imperial one . "
So in May 1997 , Yeltsin pushed through treaties with Ukraine that divided the assets of the old Soviet Black Sea Fleet between the two countries .
Moscow was granted a 20 - year lease on a base in Sevastopol , Crimea ’s best port , and Russia recognized Ukraine ’s borders .
Along came Vladimir Putin in 2000 .
From the outset , he expressed sympathy with those who sought to preserve the Soviet Union .
Four years into his presidency , Putin openly supported the eastern - looking candidate , Viktor Yanukovych , in Ukraine ’s presidential election , while his pro-Western opponent Viktor Yushchenko was poisoned with dioxin .
Although no Kremlin involvement was ever proven , the resulting backlash propelled Yushchenko and his Orange Revolution to power .
Since then , relations between Ukraine and Russia have only gotten worse .
In January 2006 and January 2009 , Russia cut off gas supplies to Ukraine , a key transit route to Western Europe .
In 2008 , when the United States campaigned for Ukraine to be admitted to NATO , Putin replied by threatening to end the country ’s very existence .
Later that year in August , when Moscow rushed 8,000 marines from Crimea to fight against Georgia , Yushchenko vowed to block their return and supplied Georgia with missiles that shot down several Russian warplanes .
Moscow ’s list of grievances is long and lengthening : Ukraine sent soldiers to Georgia ’s defense ; Ukraine wrongly expelled alleged Russian security officers ;
Ukraine is making wild accusations about Russia transporting heavy arms on Ukrainian territory without permission ; Kiev is complaining too much about Russian installations in Crimea and is paranoid about the issuance of Russian passports in the area .
All these issues may come to a head in January .
The only two plausible presidential candidates are the opposition leader ( and former Putin favorite ) Yanukovych and Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko .
This time Tymoshenko appears to be Putin ’s preferred candidate .
Crimea is the wild card .
What will Kiev do if the election ends in a stalemate ?
Yushchenko , the outgoing president who now prefers Yanukovych , controls the Ukrainian military and Security Service , while Moscow clearly favors Tymoshenko , who rules over the Interior Ministry .
The possibilities for mischief are great , and the peninsula is fertile ground for unexpected provocations .
The Kremlin is thought to have ties to Crimea ’s Russian nationalist groups , which regularly organize protests .
An outright military intervention is unlikely , but Russian forces from the Sevastopol base have recently had tense encounters with Ukrainian authorities , and the potential exists for violent confrontation .
With Russia looking to renew its lease on Sevastopol and Yushchenko growing increasingly adversarial , having a finger in the power struggle in Kiev is a major priority for the Kremlin .
The United States is central to Crimean developments , having issued substantial security assurances to Ukraine in 1994 to induce Kiev to dismantle its nuclear forces .
The good news is that in all probability it is enough for President Barack Obama to stand up for Ukraine in the face of Russian intimidation , but clearly and loudly , and in time .
THERE is an awesome amount of energy tied up in an atom of uranium .
Because of that , projections of the price of nuclear power tend to focus on the cost of building the plant rather than that of fuelling it .
But proponents of nuclear energy — who argue , correctly , that such plants emit little carbon dioxide — would do well to remember that , like coal and oil , uranium is a finite resource .
Some 60 % of the 66,500 tonnes of uranium needed to fuel the world 's existing nuclear power plants is dug fresh from the ground each year .
The remaining 40 % comes from so - called secondary sources , in the form of recycled fuel or redundant nuclear warheads .
The International Atomic Energy Agency , which is a United Nations body , and the Nuclear Energy Agency , which was formed by the rich countries that are members of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development , both reckon that , at present rates , these secondary sources will be exhausted within the next decade or so .
Once every two years the two agencies publish what is considered the best estimate of global uranium stocks , “ Uranium : Resources , Production and Demand ” , colloquially known as the Red Book .
It estimates that there is enough unmined uranium to supply today 's nuclear power stations for at least 85 years for less than $ 130 per kilogram .
But Michael Dittmar , a researcher at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich , thinks they are mistaken .
He has studied the uranium supply and argues , in a recent series of papers , that shortages will drive the nuclear renaissance to an untimely end .
Dr Dittmar has unpicked the most recent Red Book numbers on primary production and asserts that they are founded on an alarmingly weak basis .
The Red Book is compiled from questionnaires , each of which is handled differently in the countries to which it is sent .
The forms might be completed by any number of different government agencies , with added input from mining companies .
All , of course , will have their own agenda about the matter .
He concludes , “ The accuracy of the presented data is certainly not assured . ”
Dr Dittmar goes on to speculate about the accuracy of a great many figures , both of the amount of uranium that is known to exist , and estimates of how much more might be available .
He predicts that shortages of uranium could begin as early as 2013 .
For its part , the World Nuclear Association , a nuclear - industry body , argues that if uranium becomes more expensive , mining companies will devise cleverer ways of extracting it — from rock , other elements or even from seawater .
Its estimates put the demand in 2030 at anywhere between 42,000 and 140,000 tonnes .
Although your correspondent suspects that Dr Dittmar is probably being overly pessimistic , he is inclined to agree with him that the Red Book 's precise assessments of what will be economically sensible over 85 years are far from accurate .
But there are two other factors that could come into play .
One is that there may eventually be enough economic incentive for the countries with weapons stockpiles of uranium to release much of it for warmth and peace .
The other is that the International Energy Agency thinks that nuclear power could more easily weather a storm in fuel markets .
A 50 % increase in the price of uranium would , the agency predicts , cause only a 3 % rise in the cost of the electricity it generates , compared with 20 % for coal and 38 % for gas .
Either way , none of the figures take into account nuclear “ new - build ” .
Where there is an economic incentive to extract more of a resource , industry has a long history of developing technology to do it .
Just do not bet on electricity from nuclear power ever becoming too cheap to meter .
Reuters
THE timing said everything .
Stephen Harper , the prime minister , chose December 30th , the day five Canadians were killed in Afghanistan and when the public and the media were further distracted by the announcement of the country 's all - important Olympic ice - hockey team , to let his spokesman reveal that Parliament would remain closed until March 3rd , instead of returning as usual , after its Christmas break , in the last week of January .
Mr Harper turned a customary recess into prorogation .
This means that all committees in both houses are disbanded and government bills die , no matter how close they are to approval .
The prime minister , who heads a Conservative minority government , clearly reckoned that giving legislators an extra winter break , during which they might visit the Winter Olympics ( in Vancouver between February 12th and 28th ) , would not bother Canadians much .
He may have miscalculated .
A gathering storm of media criticism has extended even to the Calgary Herald , the main newspaper in his political home city , which denounced him for “ a cynical political play ” .
There are plans for demonstrations on January 23rd , just before Parliament would have reconvened .
“ Parliamentary democracy is in danger , ” declared Peter Russell of the University of Toronto , who was one of 132 political scientists who signed a letter condemning the prorogation and calling for electoral reform .
Past Canadian prime ministers have normally asked the governor - general ( who acts as Canada 's head of state ) to prorogue Parliament only after the government has completed most of its legislative business in order to start afresh with a new speech from the throne outlining new priorities .
But nothing has been normal in Canadian politics since 2004 , when more than two decades of majority government ended with voters electing a Liberal minority government .
They then returned Conservative minority governments in 2006 and 2008 .
Far from completing its work , Parliament was still considering important measures , including bills that are part of Mr Harper 's crackdown on crime , as well as ratification of free - trade agreements with Colombia and Jordan .
All must now be reintroduced .
So why shut down Parliament ?
Breaking six days of silence , Mr Harper said this week that it was a “ routine ” move to allow the government to adjust its budget due on March 4th .
His spokesman claimed that the 63 - day gap between sessions was less than the average prorogation of 151 days since 1867 .
However , the average in the past three decades has been just 22 days .
Opposition leaders claimed Mr Harper 's real reason was to end an embarrassing debate on the government 's apparent complicity in the torture of Afghan detainees , and in particular to avoid complying with a parliamentary motion to hand over all documents relevant to those charges .
They also claim that the prime minister wanted to name new senators and then reconstitute the Senate 's committees to reflect the Conservatives ' additional representation , something that could not be done if Parliament was merely adjourned .
Having prorogued Parliament last winter to dodge a confidence vote he seemed set to lose , Mr Harper has now established a precedent that many constitutionalists consider dangerous .
No previous prime minister has prorogued the legislature “ in order to avoid the kind of things that Harper apparently wants to avoid , ” says Ned Franks , a veteran political scientist and historian of Parliament .
Although other prime ministers may have had ulterior motives , they were less blatant , he says .
The danger in allowing the prime minister to end discussion any time he chooses is that it makes Parliament accountable to him rather than the other way around .
Some of Mr Harper 's critics are also affronted by his high - handedness in not bothering to call on the governor - general personally to ask for prorogation , as tradition demands , but instead making his request by telephone .
“ That was gravely insulting to the governor - general and the country , ” says Mr Russell .
Whether Mr Harper gets away with his innovative use of prime ministerial powers depends largely on whether the protest spreads and can be sustained until Parliament reconvenes in March .
Mr Harper is doubtless counting on the Winter Olympics to reinforce Canadians ' familiar political complacency .
But he has given the opposition , which is divided and fumbling , an opportunity .
It is now up to it to show that Canada cannot afford a part - time Parliament that sits only at the prime minister 's pleasure .
Tal Afar
From the Department of Defense : Commander Describes Routing Foreign Fighters From Tal Afar .
WASHINGTON , Sept. 16 , 2005 --
The commander of coalition troops in Iraq today described " an extremely successful tactical operation " in which U.S. and Iraqi troops all but cleared Tal Afar , Iraq , of foreign fighters .
Tal Afar is one of two major transit zones for foreign fighters coming into Iraq , Army Gen. George W. Casey Jr. , commander of Multinational Force Iraq , said from Baghdad today .
The other route is through the Euphrates River Valley , farther south .
U.S. troops from the 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment and Iraqi forces from the 3rd Iraqi Army Division have been working for two months to plan and prepare for an operation to " restore Iraqi control to Tal Afar , " Casey said .
Since Sept. 10 , this combined force has been engaged in an operation to clear a roughly 600 - by - 800 - meter section in the center of Tal Afar that foreign fighters had set up as a sanctuary .
The combined force killed about 150 insurgents and captured roughly 350 more .
Casey said officials estimate this accounted for about 75 percent to 80 percent of the foreign fighters and other insurgents they believed were in the city .
" It looked like a pretty tough fight , " he said .
Strong support from the Iraqi government made the soldiers ' mission significantly easier , Casey said .
In the days leading up to the military assault , Iraqi government representatives spent time in Tal Afar and brokered an agreement with local leaders from all local ethnic groups : Shiia , Sunni and Turkoman .
" The other piece of this that sometimes gets lost is the Iraqi government was very much involved in setting the conditions for success , " he said .
Casey explained that local sheiks signed statements saying basically : " We 've had enough .
We ask for the military to come in and clean the terrorists and foreign fighters out of Tal Afar . "
This led to support for the mission from the city 's civilian population .
" That had a huge impact on what we had to deal with with respect to the population of that city , " Casey said .
About 20,000 civilians left Tal Afar before the fighting began .
The Iraqi and coalition force was prepared with humanitarian assistance , but many of those who fled went to stay with friends or relatives elsewhere , Casey said .
The Iraqi government also provided $ 50 million to compensate civilians whose property was damaged and to fund rebuilding damaged areas .
The mission was intended to allow Iraqi civilians to participate in the upcoming constitutional referendum Oct. 15 .
Military photos from the operations in Tal Afar here , here , here , here , and here .
From Strategy Page : Why It 's Getting Harder to be a Bad Guy .
The U.S. / Iraqi offensive in Tal Afar has been more effective than anticipated , and terrorists are abandoning the area .
It is unclear as to whether the dispersal of terrorist forces , who seem mostly to be local Sunni Arab tribal fighters and al Qaeda " Foreigners " , is a planned response in the event of defeat or a spontaneous development .
Whichever the case , the insurgents have abandoned large stocks of arms as well as some important infrastructure , including bomb factories and underground installations .
The damage to al Qaeda was serious enough to elicit a public announcement from the terrorist organization , where it announced a new wave of suicide bombings , as revenge for the success of the Tal Afar , and related , operations .
Apparently it was a case of " use it or lose it , " with al Qaeda fearing that the continuing operations along the Syrian border and in western Iraq , would lead to more bomb workshops , and completed car bombs , being captured .
UPDATE I -- Sept. 21 : In today 's Wall Street Journal , Iraqi President Jalal Talabani addresses the foreign fighter issue among others : We Need American Troops .
American forces are in Iraq at the invitation of the democratically elected government of Iraq , and with the backing of a United Nations Security Council resolution .
Your soldiers are in my country because of your commitment to democracy .
Moreover , during my visit to Washington , Mr. Bush reaffirmed the United States ' complete support for the Iraqi political process toward sustainable democracy , and for the fight to defeat fascist and jihadist terrorism in Iraq .
...
Above all , American forces provide Iraq with a much - needed deterrence capability .
In the past , Iraq sought an illusory security through the follies of aggression , terrorism and weapons of mass destruction .
Today , our external security comes from our alliance with the United States .
Our neighbors can thereby be assured that we will settle all of our differences with them peacefully .
Sadly , some of our neighbors have chosen not to understand this .
They seem either unwilling or unable to shut off the pipeline of terrorists crossing into Iraq .
And in addition to what is at least passive support for the terrorists , some of them are providing financial and material support to them , too .
They must desist from this behavior now .
While the problem of some of our neighbors supporting terrorism is bad enough , we can only imagine what our neighbors might have done if American troops had not been present .
Most likely , Iraq would have been transformed into a regional battlefield with disastrous consequences for Middle Eastern and global security .
Despite the fact that Bush has , unfortunately , often defined the Iraq war in altruistic terms , it should not be Iraq 's need that fundamentally determines whether or not our troops are there .
After all , many countries " need " our troops for various reasons , but that does n't mean we should send them .
Our troops should be used only to protect America 's national security interests , and the only basic reason for staying in Iraq should be to fight America 's enemies , in this case , Islamic and Baathist terrorists and their state sponsors , two of which border Iraq .
It remains to be seen how we will deal with Iran and Syria .
But considering that both countries are fighting a proxy war with the U.S. in Iraq , I do n't see how settling " our differences with them peacefully , " as Talabani assures them , can even be an option .
Whether Iraq itself becomes a " sustainable democracy " or a theocracy is another problem altogether .
UPDATE II -- Sept. 23 : Bill Roggio has an excellent overview of recent Iraq operations in a Flash presentation ( via Dr. Sanity ) .
Posted by Forkum at September 20 , 2005 05:08 PM
