Vancouver Canucks and Victoria Salmon Kings renew agreement by Staff Writer / Vancouver Canucks
Vancouver , B.C. - Vancouver Canucks President and General Manager Mike Gillis announced today that the Canucks have renewed their affiliation agreement with the Vancouver Canucks President and General Manager Mike Gillis announced today that the Canucks have renewed their affiliation agreement with the Victoria Salmon Kings of the ECHL .
“ We are extremely pleased to be able to continue to develop our relationship with the Salmon Kings , ” said Lorne Henning , Vice President of Player Personnel & Assistant General Manager , Vancouver Canucks .
“ The Salmon Kings have done an excellent job in developing their franchise and players and have greatly contributed to the progress of our prospects .
We have had an excellent working relationship with the Salmon Kings and are excited about working alongside this club to continue to promote the growth of hockey in British Columbia . ”
The Victoria Salmon Kings franchise was established in 2004 after being relocated from Baton Rouge , Louisiana .
The Salmon Kings were one of nine ECHL expansion teams in 2003 - 04 , a league that consists of 27 teams .
Victoria plays within the West Division of the ECHL ’s National Conference made up of four teams including the Alaska Aces , Idaho Steelheads and Phoenix RoadRunners .
The Canucks and Salmon Kings originally announced their partnership on July 18 , 2006 .
View Less
( CNN ) --
The chairman of Tennessee 's Democratic Party wants a Republican legislative aide fired for sending out a " reprehensible " e-mail depicting President Obama as two cartoonish white eyes peering from a black background .
Sherri Goforth , a Tennessee state senator 's aide , said she mistakenly sent the image " to the wrong list of people . "
Obama 's image is in the last square of a collage containing portraits of the previous 43 U.S. presidents .
The e-mail , which was sent to other GOP staff members , was posted on the Internet Monday .
Sherri Goforth , an administrative assistant to state Sen. Diane Black , R - Gallatin , has admitted she sent the e-mail May 28 with the title " Historical Keepsake Photo . "
She said , without elaborating , that she mistakenly sent it " to the wrong list of people . "
According to the Tennessean , a Nashville newspaper , a note on the e-mail said it was paid for by the Tennessee Republican Party , but GOP officials denied they produced it .
Black leads the Tennessee Senate Republican Caucus .
There was no comment from the White House as of Tuesday afternoon .
Black rebuked Goforth but did n't dismiss her .
" I want to be sure that everyone understands that the communication was sent without my knowledge , " Black said Tuesday afternoon .
" It absolutely does not represent the beliefs or opinions of my office .
I want to be very clear about that . "
The senator said as soon as she found out about the e-mail , she consulted the Legislature 's human resources office , then followed their advice .
" Ms. Goforth did get a verbal reprimand as well as a very strongly worded reprimand , written , that was put in her file that if this should ever occur again , that she would be terminated , " Black said .
Watch Sen .
Black discuss her response »
" This is an employee who has had a stellar record , " Black said .
She added that Goforth has worked in state government for more than 20 years , and has had a clean record .
" We followed policy .
And that 's what you do when someone breaks the rules , you follow policy , " she said .
A phone message left for Goforth by CNN was not answered .
" Is this indicative of what Senate Republicans think about our commander - in - chief ? " asked state Democratic Party Chairman Chip Forrester in a statement posted on the party 's Web site .
" I am calling on Sen .
Black to reject this racist smear and fire this staffer who , on state government time , on state government computers , using a state government e-mail account , launched this bigoted attack on our president , " Forrester said .
" Keeping her on the staff would send the message that this type of behavior is condoned by the Senate Republican Caucus . "
" This e-mail is reprehensible , insults the office of the president , and is embarrassing to all Tennesseans regardless of political party , " Forrester said .
Goforth told Christian Grantham of the Web site Nashville Is Talking that she had received a letter of reprimand from her superiors but will remain on the job .
Grantham said Goforth told him she felt " very bad about accidentally sending it to the wrong list " of people .
" I inadvertently hit the wrong button , " Grantham quoted Goforth as saying .
" I 'm very sick about it , and it 's one of those things I can't change or take back . "
Forrester , in his Web posting , said , " Ms. Goforth does not seem to understand what she did wrong .
She has apologized for ' sending [ the e-mail ] to the wrong list of people . '
I believe that any list of people would have recognized this e-mail as offensive and hateful . "
State Rep. Johnny Shaw , D - Bolivar , a member of the black and Democratic caucuses , said Goforth should be dismissed .
" I do n't think a reprimand is enough .
I think this lady needs to go .
I do n't think she should be a part of the people who represent the state of Tennessee , " Shaw said .
He said Goforth and Black , as well as Republican Lt. Gov. and Senate Speaker Ron Ramsey , should make public apologies for the incident .
" I am appalled .
It 's despicable .
It 's disgusting .
It should not have happened , but it does happen , " Shaw said .
" It is the president of our country that we 're talking about . "
Several other black Democratic lawmakers agreed Goforth should quit .
" The last thing we need in the state of Tennessee is to send out the impression and the image that we are still stuck in some backwater mentality and culture that feels it 's OK to depict the president of the United States in that fashion , " state Rep. John Deberry Jr. , D - Memphis , told CNN Radio .
Forrester added : " Unfortunately , Sherri Goforth 's e-mail joins the list of shameful episodes by Tennessee Republicans , from the infamous ' Birds of a Feather ' direct - mail piece that featured black crows with the heads of Barack Obama and [ African - American ] Rep. Nathan Vaughn , to the " Barack the Magic Negro " song that former Tennessee GOP Party Chairman Chip Saltsman sent to RNC members during his failed campaign for RNC chair . "
All About Tennessee • Republican Party • Racism and Bigotry • Barack Obama
yuvajosh Increase ur traffic with youth session
Send me ur profile with ur name , e- mail and ur website / blog address on yuvajoshrock@ymail.com after copy the following HTML code and paste anywhere on ur site / blogs
Increase ur traffic with youth session & yuvajosh
अगर आपका बेवसाइट / ब्लोग हिन्दी मे है तो , अपना प्रोफ़ाइ ल ( नाम , ई- मेल् , और बेवसाइट / ब्लोग पता के साथ)yuvajosh@ymail.com पर भेजे और उससे पहले उपर दिये गये HTML कोड को अपने अपने बेवसाइट / ब्लोग पर कही भी pest कर ले .
Many American presidents have kept prized possessions within reach during their White House years .
Franklin D. Roosevelt cherished a 19th century ship model of the U.S.S. Constitution .
One of Dwight D. Eisenhower ’s favorite gifts was an engraved Steuben glass bowl from his cabinet .
And sitting on John F. Kennedy ’s desk in the Oval Office was a paperweight made from a coconut shell he had carved with a distress message after his PT - 109 was sunk during World War II .
The objects have been bequeathed to the American public , accessible through a visit to each man ’s presidential library and museum .
And so when the library for George W. Bush opens in 2013 on the campus of Southern Methodist University in Dallas , visitors will most likely get to see one of his most treasured items : Saddam Hussein ’s pistol .
The gun , a 9 millimeter Glock 18C , was found in the spider hole where the Iraqi leader was captured in December 2003 by Delta Force soldiers , four of whom later presented the pistol to Mr. Bush .
Among the thousands of gifts Mr. Bush received as president , the gun became a favorite , a reminder of the pinnacle moment of the Iraq war , according to friends and long - time associates .
Before Mr. Bush left the White House in January , he made arrangements for the gun to be shipped to a national archives warehouse just 18 miles north of his new home in Dallas .
His foundation said a final decision had not been made on including the gun in the presidential library .
But his associates and visitors to the White House said Mr. Bush had told them of his intention to display it there .
The aim of this post is not to list in some definite order which rivers are the dirtiest , but rather bring to the attention of society the problems of almost all the rivers all over the world nowadays .
That ’s a warning and a red light stop signal .
Each of us should care about the nature , or our grand children will know of the rivers , lakes and seas from the pictures only .
The river close to my city is not in this list but it ’s been prohibited to swim there for about 1o years now .
Sewage , garbage , waste from factories , fertilizers are the common reasons of water pollution everywhere on Earth .
And if the city is a big one , the rates can be decreased tremendously , especially in the third word countries .
Looking at the river and if there ’s no garbage close to you , it ’s hard to determine whether the river is contaminated .
The rivers on the photos below may look “ fine ” but the facts speak for themselves .
This is horrifying and this should be stopped .
Buriganga river , Bangladesh
Buriganga is the main river flowing besides the capital of Bangladesh , awfully polluted with sewage waste ( about 80 % is untreated and gets directly to the river ) and industrial waste .
Here ’s what said Khawaja Minnatullah , a World Bank specialist on environment and water management this year just a month ago : “ The pollutants have eaten up all oxygen in the Buriganga and we call it biologically dead .
It is like a septic tank .
There is no fish or aquatic life in this river apart from zero oxygen survival kind of organisms … ”
Obviously the photos from below were taken in the previous years when the river was still “ alive ” .
Credits : Photos by Jim Shannon on Flickr
Credits : Photos by Lee Ali on Flickr
Credits : Photos by Low on Flickr
Credits : Photos by Christian Loehrer on Flickr
Credits : Photos by Eastenhuh on Flickr
Credits : Photos by s.prigge on Flickr
Credits : Photos by Oceansurf on Flickr
Marilao river , Philippines
Marilao river got to the list of the dirtiest rivers after the Greenpeace inspection in 2007 .
Pollution mainly comes from tanneries , textiles and electronics recycling industries operating close the river .
The locales do n’t dare to catch and eat fish from Marilao as the waters contain toxic chemicals such as chromium , cadmium , copper and arsenic .
Though some of the areas do n’t actually look polluted , the water in the river is very dangerous .
Check the gallery of the Water is Life Photo Contest and you ’ll see that many rivers in Philippines are suffering from high levels of contamination .
Credits : Photos by www.bulacan.gov.ph
Credits : Photos by Gpsea on Flickr
Songhua river , China
Songhua is the river in the Northeast China that was contaminated with benzene in In November 2005 , which lead to a shutdown of Harbin ’s water supply and threats of a Russian lawsuit against China .
SEPA ( State Environmental Protection Administration ) has developed the plan meant to clean the river , where all the small paper mills and chemical plants along the river will be shut down and new waste - water treatment facilities will be set up .
According to the stats the situation is getting better so I hope that the river will be saved .
Credits : Photos by Jesusonly Flickr
Credits : Photos by Satbir on Flickr
Credits : Photos by www.pacificenvironment.org
Credits : Photos by travel.webshots.com
Pasig river , Phillipines
The Pasig has been a biologically dead river for almost 20 years .
Being the center of commerce , it became a victim of urban pollution , its canals served as sewerage for the domestic and industrial wastes from factories and slum communities that sprouted on its riverbanks .
In April 2009 , the Pasig ’s riverbank easements have been declared environmental protection areas ( EPAs ) and have been transformed into public parks and esplanades .
Now there ’s the hope that things will change for the better .
Though the river is dirty , this does n’t stop neither children nor grown - ups from bathing there .
Credits : Photos by Warchief on Flickr
People build burning barricades during an ancient pagan celebration called Walpurgis Night at the vigil of May Day demonstration in Berlin 's district of Friedrichshain April 30 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Johannes Eisele
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) -
The founder of a street gang that administered beatings and made threats in its drive to control the punk rock music scene has been charged with extorting a Chicago performer , authorities said on Tuesday .
Elgin Nathan James , a self - proclaimed founding member of Boston - based FSU -- which stands for “ Friends Stand United ” -- was arrested on Monday by FBI agents at his Los Angeles home .
The attempted extortion charge was then unsealed by the prosecutor ’s office in Chicago .
FSU boasted in videos dating to 2004 about beatings it administered to punk music fans and performers .
The aim was to establish control at clubs and concert venues and drive “ Nazi skinheads ” out , according to prosecutors .
The victim in this case was a “ popular recording artist from the Chicago area ” who was not named .
The victim and his friends were beaten and repeatedly threatened by FSU members while on tour in late 2005 and early 2006 , prosecutors said .
Cooperating with the FBI , the victim tape - recorded James seeking to extort money from him in a telephone call and agents observed James accepting a $ 5,000 payoff at a club to stop the harassment .
If convicted , James could face 20 years in prison .
Alistair Darling has warned bankers to stop backsliding into their bad old ways as he promised a much tougher regulatory system to prevent a repeat of last autumn 's financial crisis .
Amid signs that the bonus culture blamed for excessive risk - taking is creeping back in the City of London , the Chancellor declared in an interview with The Independent : " There are people who are too complacent in my view .
They need to be brought back to earth . "
Mr Darling disclosed that he will try to end a damaging turf war between the Bank of England and the Financial Services Authority ( FSA ) by giving them both more powers in a White Paper on banking unveiled next week .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
He assured the Bank it will play a central role in preventing future booms turning into bubbles and in assessing risks to the entire system as well as individual banks .
The White Paper will endorse the Bank 's call for financial institutions to have to provide " richer and more frequent " public disclosures of information .
And it will back the FSA 's demand to be able to extend its regulatory remit – a move which in future could draw hedge funds into its net .
The FSA will be ordered to take a more proactive approach to prevent a return to pay hikes and bonuses to reward short - term profits .
If remuneration packages encourage risky behaviour , the FSA will force banks to hold more capital reserves to provide a safety net .
On the bankers , Mr Darling said : " It is not them I am particularly worried about .
It is the rest of us who are being affected by it .
The individuals concerned [ in the banks ] are not operating on their own .
Some are only operating at all because of very substantial support from taxpayers , who are entitled to tell the Government we must not repeat the mistakes .
If they go back to the way they were – to business as usual – without asking themselves over and over again whether they understand what they are doing , that would be disastrous for them and the rest of the world . "
The Chancellor admitted the White Paper would not propose a cap on bonuses .
" You can't have a pay policy in legislation , " he said .
But he said : " Every single director of a bank should ask themselves , ' Do I understand what the bank is doing and the risks it is being exposed to ? '
As the economy begins to recover , people must not drop their guard but strengthen their guard to make sure they do n't repeat the mistakes of the past .
Similarly , the regulators must keep a very close eye on what is happening and be vigilant about the risks .
It is very important people do n't get the idea it [ the crisis ] is all over ; that they do n't need to bother . "
The Chancellor played down widespread reports of a power struggle between the Bank Governor Mervyn King and the FSA chairman Lord Turner of Ecchinswell .
But he admitted : " It is very important that , from the Government 's and the regulators ' point of view , not only to act together , but that we are seen to act together . "
The White Paper will be based heavily on a blueprint by Lord Turner in March on learning lessons from the crisis .
It will retain the existing three - way split between the Treasury , the Bank and FSA but spell out plans to make them work together more closely and effectively .
Promising that both the Bank and FSA will get the " new tools " they need , Mr Darling admitted there had been a lively debate between them and the Treasury about their respective roles .
" In any healthy democracy there is bound to be a discussion .
It would be very odd if three people never disagreed , " he said .
The big question , he insisted , was not " who does what ? " but what new tools the regulators needed to ensure they could " put people on the rack and ask some pretty tough questions " .
The Chancellor insisted : " It is not a turf war .
It is a question of ensuring they both do the job they are set up to do and both do it effectively .
They are not competing with each other .
They are complementary . "
Mr Darling ruled out Mr King 's call for banks to be split between their risky investment and their retail businesses .
But the White Paper will suggest that the banks ' contingency plans make it easier to see the split between the two functions so that any future rescues would be easier .
Although a new Banking
Act will be rushed through Parliament before the general election , the Chancellor conceded that some elements of the White Paper would not be set in stone because of the need for international agreement on some aspects of regulation – mainly with the United States and the European Union .
Kate Washburn did n’t know what to make of the email a friend sent to her office with the abbreviation “ NSFW ” written at the bottom .
Then she clicked through the attached sideshow , titled “ Awkward Family Photos . ”
It included shots of a family in furry “ nude ” suits and of another family alongside a male walrus in a revealing pose .
After looking up NSFW on NetLingo.com — a
Web site that provides definitions of Internet and texting terms — she discovered what it stood for : “ Not safe for work . ”
“ If ...
INFLUENZA experts have warned Australians against hosting " swine flu parties " after reports of Americans trying to get the virus while it was mild to build immunity .
According to reports , parties are being held in the US where healthy children interact with sick ones , aiming to get the virus and produce antibodies against it in case a more severe second wave develops .
One Melbourne parent told The Age of hearing people talking about the concept locally , but did not know anyone who had acted on it .
Anne Kelso , director of the World Health Organisation 's Influenza Centre in Melbourne , said she had heard of such parties , but did not approve of them .
She said flu viruses could cause severe illness and had killed healthy people in the past .
" It 's a balance of risk I would not encourage . "
Alan Hampson , chairman of Australia 's Influenza Specialist Group , also discouraged the idea because it could hasten the spread of the virus , putting people with existing health conditions at serious risk .
Back when the housing bubble was still a theoretical argument , I was making the case that many California aspiring real estate moguls were buying properties out of state with the intention of flipping .
I would look at some of their worksheets and they paid no attention to the cost of financing or expenses since they figured that they could sell their home in one or two years .
This was so common that it became a joke and I started calling these investors California Equity Giants .
Many of the Alt - A and pay Option ARM products were marketed to would be investors as excellent loans for flipping .
After all , why would you need a boring 30 year fixed mortgage when you would flip the property in a few years and eat up equity like a starving vulture ?
Plus , the toxic mortgages gave a higher payment to the broker but why bring that up right ?
Currently there are $ 469 billion of Alt - A products floating around in our nation ’s fragile housing market .
Much of it is disguised under the good credit rating since the average FICO score of an Alt - A loan is 705 which is an utter joke .
But one data point that has been completely missed in the Alt - A and pay Option ARM debate is how many loans are attached to non-owner occupied properties .
That is , where are some of those California Equity Giants investing their money ?
Do you want to take a guess which state has the lowest non-owner occupancy rate with Alt - A loans ?
California .
Only 19.6 percent of Alt - A loans in California are non-owner occupied .
Which in our case , is horrible given that 80.4 percent have Alt - A loans on homes that are in a position of massive negative equity in one of the hardest hit states .
But you ’ll love this .
Some of the states with the highest non-owner occupied Alt - A loans are Florida , Nevada , and Arizona .
Alt - A Percent non -owner occupied :
Florida : 39.4 %
Arizona : 37.5 %
Nevada : 37.1 %
California : 19.6 %
Now this data is astounding .
For many of these states ( all have seen the median price of homes drop by 40 to 50 percent ) nearly half of the Alt - A products served as flipping vehicles for out of state and in state investors .
Now we can never get an accurate figure of how many of the Alt - A non - owner occupied borrowers are actually flippers but it is 95 % likely that they did not buy these homes to rent or as a vacation pad in Tucson .
Why ?
Because you would be negative cash flowing to the point of draining your bank account .
These loans were done to aspiring real estate investors that got sucked into the bubble glory days .
And that is the more troubling aspect of this all .
The Alt - A and pay Option ARM products were all spawn of the housing bubble .
They served one purpose and that was to survive in a bubble .
I remember early on in the life of these loans brokers would say that these products were designed for doctors , lawyers , or business people who really did n’t want to tie up their income and wanted “ cash flow ” freed up in the near term .
Oh sure , and most people that play junior varsity basketball will make it to the NBA .
You tell me of the 2.1 million Alt - A loans out there how many are to borrowers who fit the best case scenario ?
Brokers pushed whatever product gave them the most money .
It was that simple .
People were too busy counting their bubble wealth to step back for a second and actually think of how idiotic the entire scheme had gotten .
Housing became a quasi-Ponzi scheme .
The only way for the system to keep going was for more and more suckers to be found .
The suckers ran out and so did the funding and it all came crashing down .
I blame products like this but also a national obsession with owning real estate .
No one has a right to own a McMansion no more than I have the right to own a Mercedes .
These are luxury goods .
This country has adequate rental housing but we have subsidized the system to actually penalize those who do n’t own homes .
You do n’t get a tax break for renting .
You ca n’t right off your rent for tax purposes .
You would think that we would have learned something after this mega housing bust but here we are handing out $ 8,000 tax breaks for people to buy homes !
People buying homes they could not afford is the exact reason that we are in this stinking mess .
And if you need a tax break to lure you into buying a home then you are not ready to buy .
If you want further proof how horrific these products are , take a look at how many of the Alt - A and pay Option ARM products originated with a second lien .
That is , low down or nothing down fantasy buyers .
In California , there are currently floating around 186,917 Alt - A mortgages with a second lien on them .
You can rest assured that 90 to 99 percent of these loans will implode in the upcoming months .
This is where your piggy back loans and 80 - 10 - 10 crap came about .
I remember when zero down was a crazy way to suck in unknowing investors to thousand dollar seminars but it actually became a mainstream way to buy a home .
Before you even wonder how safe these loans are 41.6 percent of California Alt - A mortgage holders already have one late in the last 12 months !
Keep in mind that most of this junk has n’t even hit recast points and nearly half are already late with one payment :
Some other useful information regarding the California Alt - A products are that 9.3 percent are already in foreclosure and 5.2 percent are REO .
And you ’ll love how thoroughly these loans were vetted :
82.8 percent of the California Alt - A or pay Option ARM products were either low or no doc loans !
Bwahahaha !
This is pure insanity .
These loans are going to go bad and go bad in an epic way .
And many of the loans with a recast period have n’t even hit their major stride :
What is troubling is that out of the 2.1 million Alt - A loans 27.9 percent are on non-owner occupied property .
That is , many of these are failed flips .
So let us take a hypothetical case where someone in California had owned their home with a nice safe 30 year mortgage .
They stayed up too late at night and saw one of those brokers with the Hawaiian shirt and bad tan talking about flipping real estate around the country .
So they decide to take out two Alt - A loans and buy a property in Nevada and Arizona .
Technically on paper this person in California is in a safe secure product but they have now leveraged themselves to the hills and have put their entire balance sheet at risk .
For practical reasons we do n’t have the exact data but from the high non-owner occupancy rate of other states , I assure this happened and happened in a big way .
Hopefully this gives you a new perspective on the Alt - A and pay Option ARM world .
Things are evolving in this arena and it will be interesting to see what kind of dent is made when the PPIP taxpayer handout goes into effect this July .
Ironically the PPIP has an initial cap of $ 500 billion , just enough for all the Alt - A loans on irresponsible bank balance sheets .
Are n’t you excited that your money is going to go to bailout these kinds of loans ?
And since banks are so eager to give TARP money back , it would only be responsible to get rid of the PPIP and let them bid on assets with their newfound wealth .
Did You Enjoy The Post ? Subscribe to Dr. Housing Bubble ’s
Blog to get updated housing commentary , analysis , and information .
Remember when we told you about how the United States of America enacted laws to keep openly gay men and women from protecting the nation , but made no such efforts to keep out and proud white supremacists from serving in the military ?
Now it turns out that , while a gay soldier would ostensibly be kicked out for announcing his sexuality on his Facebook page , Aryan power nutbags appear to suffer no such consequences for posting their racist hatred on social networks .
The Southern Poverty Law Center told members of Congress this week that racist soldiers not only serve in the military , but they promote themselves on NewSaxon.org ( “ a racist version of Facebook run by the National Socialist Movement ” ) and list their white power and military service right next to each other .
Profiles “ show a disturbing number of Nazi and Confederate flags , white supremacist language , and identification as active duty members of the U.S. military .
One hundred thirty members out of a total 7,906 users list their job as ‘ military . ’
Member ‘ geisler , ’ for example , identifies himself as a ‘ human resources specialist ’ in the Army and says he wants to ‘ find a woman I can settle down with and have a nice , WHITE family ( unlike some in the army with all the race traitors ) . ' ”
Above , user “ BounceandBurst ” posts that he ’s “ tired of the destruction of our clean white culture and heritage , the poison of black culture in our society , and the illegal invasion of mexico into our sovereign nation . ”
This “ Proud White man ” is stationed at Ft. Carson in Colorado .
To be sure , white power “ enthusiasts ” are not new to the military .
Nor is notifying legislators and the Pentagon about the problem — or , maybe it is n’t a “ problem , ” since SPLC notified the Bush administration about the phenomenon ; it promptly did nothing about it .
That the military tolerates — and , to hit recruitment quotas , sought after — white supremacists to serve our country is problematic for any number of reasons , ranging from “ we should not promote this version of our country to the nations we work with abroad ” to “ these folks are openly racist and are ordered to serve alongside non-whites . ”
Which means when it comes to always having a fellow soldier ’s back , and never leaving any man behind on the battlefield , you can imagine these rules are “ flexible ” when it comes to a white supremacist soldier and a black or Hispanic comrade .
In the meantime , military higher - ups still pretend letting gay soldiers serve will 1 ) inhibit our national security ; 2 ) negatively impact soldiers ’ families ; 3 ) violate soldiers ’ religious beliefs .
‘ Cause gay soldiers are the real culprits here , and not straight — and out — racists .
( SPLC ’s fuller letter here ; PDF . )
( Screenshot via Stars & Stripes )
The head of the union , which has 2.4 million members , said in an interview that he would not be urging a vote for the SPD as IG Metall did in 2005 for former chancellor Gerhard Schroeder .
" I know that relations between the SPD and the union have historically been very strong , but we are now in the 21st century .
The time when the unions can say ' vote for this person or that person ' is over , " Berthold Huber told the Sueddeutsche Zeitung .
" People can think for themselves , " he added .
Huber 's comments represent the latest setback in what has been a very challenging week for SPD leader Frank - Walter Steinmeier , who is seeking to topple Merkel in September 27 elections .
Steinmeier , foreign minister in Germany 's governing coalition , has seen his party lag more than 15 points behind Merkel 's conservatives in the polls and his personal popularity is 37 points behind the high - flying chancellor .
Steinmeier also lost a key ally to a political scandal when Health Minister Ulla Schmidt was forced to pull out of his campaign team after she took her official car with her on holiday at public expense , prompting a public outcry .
Steinmeier presented his shadow cabinet Thursday in a bid to kick - start his party 's campaign at a time when the SPD is suffering from scandals and a lack of public faith .
But despite the Ulla Schmidt scandal and other body blows the SPD have suffered of late , Steinmeier maintained that the outcome of the general election is anything but a foregone conclusion as he revealed his mixed team of current ministers and a few new faces that lots of ordinary Germans may never have seen before .
Steinmeier confident of recovery ahead of election
" I 'm convinced that we have better people and better ideas than our political opponents , " he said at the official unveiling in Berlin .
" The remaining two months until the general election will show that I 'm right .
We 'll be making clear that we 're better prepared to shape the future of our country .
And make no mistake , without the SPD in government this country will see a sharp decline in social policies . "
Schmidt's " Car- gate " scandal weighs heavily on the SPD
In what could be a telling omission , Steinmeier 's team does n't include health minister Ulla Schmidt - at least not for now .
But should the federal audit agency clear her of accusations that she allegedly wasted taxpayers ' money during her vacation , she may be brought in later .
Many names of the shadow cabinet members are hardly known to the public , such as Ulrike Merten , who would be the first woman to become defense minister in Germany .
Steinmeier is n't the only Social Democrat to get the election buzz from Thursday 's cabinet unveiling .
SPD campaign manager Kajo Wasserhoevel insists that the Social Democrats are a unique force in Germany .
According to Wasserhoevel , the SPD are not only unlike the Left Party , the other albeit more radical socialist alternative , but they are also very different from the bloc of conservatives with whom they currently share government .
Conservatives accused of failing on economy , social justice
" The essential question for us is whether the financial crisis and the mistakes that were made in the banking sector here will lead to any major changes and more efficient control mechanisms , " Wasserhoevel said .
" With the Christian Democrats , one crisis just leads to another or so it seems .
Wasserhoevel is charged with steering the SPD campaign
" On the social justice front , we 'll continue to fight for the introduction of a minimum wage across all sectors of the economy , " he added .
" These are the things that people are taking a big interest in .
And if our campaign helps to make clear what we Social Democrats stand for , we 'll be able to win back many votes . "
However , most political observers expect that the election in September will largely be influenced once again by the charisma ( or lack of it ) of the top candidates .
Many doubt that SPD challenger Steinmeier has what it takes , while others believe he would be a breath of fresh air .
Author : Hardy Graupner ( nda )
Editor : Neil King
" Follow me kid .
I teach you the ropes . "
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Barack Obama made healthcare a key plank of his election campaign
President Barack Obama has announced a further $ 313bn ( £ 190 bn ) in proposed savings to help reform US healthcare .
His proposed 10 - year reform programme is estimated to cost about $ 1 trillion , and aims to make healthcare available to all Americans .
He said the savings would " rein in unnecessary spending and increase efficiency and the quality of care " .
The US spends more than $ 2 trillion a year on healthcare , although nearly 50 m people have no medical insurance .
In his weekly radio address , President Obama said : " I have made a firm commitment that healthcare reform will not add to the federal deficit over the next decade . "
Cutting waste
His announcement of the additional $ 313 bn comes on top of the $ 635 bn down payment on reform detailed in the budget proposal submitted to Congress this year .
The savings will incorporate cutting waste in the Medicare programme for the elderly and Medicaid programme for poor people .
Mr Obama , who has pledged to halve the budget deficit he inherited from the Bush administration by 2013 , said Medicare and Medicaid could leave the country " with a mountain of debt " that future generations would not be able to pay .
" We can not continue down this path , " he noted .
" I do not accept a future where Americans forego healthcare because they can't pay for it , and more and more families go without coverage at all . "
Health reform was one of Mr Obama 's key election promises , as he focused on providing healthcare for the 46 million citizens , about 15 % of the population , who have no medical cover .
A mother from Poland is suing the owners of an
Egyptian hotel
after claiming her 13 - year - old
daughter got pregnant while swimming in their " mixed pool "
( whatever that 's supposed to mean ! ) .
Apparently the family spent a few weeks on vacation in Egypt and returned home to find Magdalena Kwiatkowska 's daughter unexpectedly pregnant , although she claims to not have been sexually active during this time .
Kwiatkowska was so ADAMANT her 13 - year - old did not meet any boys on vacation that she is now suing the hotel for allowing " stray sperm " to impregnate her daughter while swimming in the pool .
Quite frankly , I 'm not sure what to make of this story !
Either this mother is seriously in denial regarding her daughter 's pregnancy or she 's jumping on the chance to make a quick buck ( although I can't imagine this suit going anywhere in court ! )
Yet I 'm pretty sure if the lawsuit falls through , the family will " magically remember " who the baby 's daddy is when it 's time to collect child support .
I 'm just curious to see how far this story will go .
Will this become the new battle cry of every teenager that 's pregnant and too scared to tell their parents the truth about being sexually active ?
Or do you believe the mother and daughter are totally legit in this case and a woman CAN get pregnant from swimming in a pool ?
Weigh in with your thoughts on this , well interesting , story below .
Photo Courtsey of Flickr
A Japanese diplomat who favors a firm approach toward Iran was elected to lead the International Atomic Energy Agency on Thursday , narrowly edging out a South African for the post .
In the last of six rounds of voting at the organization ’s headquarters in Vienna on Thursday , the Japanese diplomat , Yukiya Amano , won the required two - thirds majority of the 35 - nation board , with 23 votes in favor and one abstention , said an agency official who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the election results will not be official until the governing board formally accepts them on Friday .
In earlier rounds of voting , Mr. Amano had been locked in a tie with a South African diplomat , Abdul Samad Minty .
Mr. Amano , 62 , will become the fifth director general of the agency , an organization affiliated with the United Nations that monitors and investigates charges of illicit nuclear proliferation and promotes atomic energy for peaceful purposes .
He will replace Mohamed ElBaradei , whose term expires in November .
The Guardian
The Selfish Genius : How Richard Dawkins Rewrote Darwin's Legacy .
By Fern Elsdon - Baker .
Icon Books ; 240 pages ; £ 8.99 .
Buy from Amazon.co.uk
IN THE year of Charles Darwin 's double anniversary — 200 years since his birth and 150 since the publication of his masterwork , “ On the Origin of Species ” — taking a potshot in print at Richard Dawkins must have looked like an irresistible idea .
Darwin 's champion in his lifetime , Thomas Huxley , was known to many as his bulldog .
Mr Dawkins , his modern champion , has been dubbed his rottweiler , a reflection of his uncompromising defence of both evolutionary theory and the atheism he thinks is a necessary consequence of it .
What better way to sell a few books , then , than to attack the man whom many see as Darwin 's representative on earth ?
Mr Dawkins famously draws fire from religious fundamentalists , and also from less than fundamentalist critics who , nevertheless , seem to resent a scientist daring to question revealed belief on the basis of empirical data .
But he also has his critics within biology , and Fern Elsdon - Baker presents herself as one of these — a true believer in evolution who , nevertheless , thinks Mr Dawkins has got the details wrong — or , at least , only half right .
She spends the first part of her book trying to set up her argument with an exhaustive history of evolutionary thought , both pre- and post - Darwin .
This is interesting in as much as it shows how such thinking has changed over the years , but her real purpose seems to be to create doubt in the reader 's mind about whether selection at the level of the gene is the only mechanism of evolution , which is what Mr Dawkins and his fellow selfish - geners believe .
Once she gets personal , though , in the second half of the book , few of Ms Elsdon - Baker 's shots hit their target .
Her argument that the selfish - gene model is being superseded by other forms of evolutionary explanation relies on an overinterpretation of those alternatives .
When picked apart , they also turn out to be based on selfish genery .
The fact that a gene 's “ freedom of action ” is constrained by the way the organism it is part of develops ( ie , the activity of that organism 's other genes ) , or the observation that genes sometimes migrate from one species to another , does not invalidate the basic Dawkinsian thesis that natural selection acts on genes , and genes alone , via their expression in an organism 's body and behaviour .
She also revives the old argument that Stephen Jay Gould had with Mr Dawkins , about how smoothly evolution progresses .
Gould , a palaeontologist , observed that there are long periods of stasis in the fossil record , which is true , and inferred from this that selfish genery is therefore wrong because it predicts continual change , which is questionable .
It is just as plausible that selfish genery arrives rapidly at optimal designs , and that these shift only when what is optimal alters because , say , the environment has changed .
Even the recently observed phenomenon of intergenerational epigenetics , which at first sight looks like the inheritance of acquired characteristics ( a real Darwinian no - no ) , probably has less to it than meets the eye .
Epigenetic changes are heritable changes to the regulation of a cell 's genes , caused by extra molecules being attached to those genes .
They happen when cells specialise so as to become parts of particular body tissues .
Recently , it has been shown that germ - cells , too , are subject to epigenetic change , sometimes in response to environmental stimuli .
To this extent , acquired characteristics are , indeed , being transmitted across the generations .
But those changes are not passed on indefinitely , like a successful genetic mutation would be .
Instead , they are wiped out over a generation or two .
And , in any case , gene regulation happens under the control of genes that are as selfish as any others .
What is left , once these attacks are dismissed , is a critique of Mr Dawkins 's proselytising atheism .
It is true this wins him few converts , when a collaboration with religious moderates against the creationists might bear weightier fruit .
But if his intellectual rigour forbids him making common cause with people he thinks are wrong , that perhaps only shows he is indeed the rottweiler of legend .
Join us as we explore two Renault models that are n’t exactly household names , but are definitely cars you should know about it , especially if you are after a crossover or an electric car .
Renault Captur
The Crossover class has really took off over the last few years and with good reason , with the better ones balancing practicality like it is a fine art .
You want a car that has a lot of space inside and good storage , yet you do n’t want this added space in the interior to mean you feel like you ’re driving a bus .
When done right Crossovers can be incredibly effective , though as with most things that are practical , they can look a bit dodgy .
Enter the Renault Captur .
Now this car looks superb and you will be hard pushed to find many things wrong with it .
Renault Zoe
In to the idea of driving an electric car but worried you ’d end up leaving the garage with a Proton Gen - 2 ?
Well there are some more attractive options out there for you in terms of electric vehicles , we ’re guessing you are n’t a millionaire so we will leave Tesla out of this article .
But it might be worth considering the Renault Zoe which is Renault ’s fourth electric vehicle to date , it is also one of the best electric cars available to date .
First of all it looks great , which is something that can not be said for a lot of electric cars ….
if you ’re gonna save the world with your vehicle , the least it can do it make you look good !
The thing that really puts the Renault Zoe ahead of its electric competitors is the fact that it is actually a pleasure to drive .
Furthermore for such a small car it is really good in terms of practicality .
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
July 1st , 2009
I know what you ’ll be thinking as you read this :
That my last job in the U.S. ( Wall Street Chop Shop and “ We Americans Were Very Clever ” ) was with Goldman Sachs .
Good guess , but no .
The firm that I worked for is dead now .
Via : Rolling Stone :
THE GREAT AMERICAN BUBBLE MACHINE
From tech stocks to high gas prices , Goldman Sachs has engineered every major market manipulation since the Great Depression – and they ’re about to do it again
By MATT TAIBBI
The first thing you need to know about Goldman Sachs is that it ’s everywhere .
The world ’s most powerful investment bank is a great vampire squid wrapped around the face of humanity , relentlessly jamming its blood funnel into anything that smells like money .
In fact , the history of the recent financial crisis , which doubles as a history of the rapid decline and fall of the suddenly swindled - dry American empire , reads like a Who ’s Who of Goldman Sachs graduates .
By now , most of us know the major players .
As George Bush ’s last Treasury secretary , former Goldman CEO Henry Paulson was the architect of the bailout , a suspiciously self - serving plan to funnel trillions of Your Dollars to a handful of his old friends on Wall Street .
Robert Rubin , Bill Clinton ’s former Treasury secretary , spent 26 years at Goldman before becoming chairman of Citigroup – which in turn got a $ 300 billion taxpayer bailout from Paulson .
There ’s John
Thain , the rear end in a top hat chief of Merrill Lynch who bought an $ 87,000 area rug for his office as his company was imploding ; a former Goldman banker , Thain enjoyed a multibillion - dollar handout from Paulson , who used billions in taxpayer funds to help Bank of America rescue Thain ’s sorry company .
And Robert Steel , the former Goldmanite head of Wachovia , scored himself and his fellow executives $ 225 million in golden parachute payments as his bank was self - destructing .
There ’s Joshua Bolten , Bush ’s chief of staff during the bailout , and Mark Patterson , the current Treasury chief of staff , who was a Goldman lobbyist just a year ago , and Ed Liddy , the former Goldman director whom Paulson put in charge of bailed - out insurance giant AIG , which forked over $ 13 billion to Goldman after Liddy came on board .
The heads of the Canadian and Italian national banks are Goldman alums , as is the head of the World Bank , the head of the New York Stock Exchange , the last two heads of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York – which , incidentally , is now in charge of overseeing Goldman – not to mention …
But then , any attempt to construct a narrative around all the former Goldmanites in influential positions quickly becomes an absurd and pointless exercise , like trying to make a list of everything .
What you need to know is the big picture :
If America is circling the drain , Goldman Sachs has found a way to be that drain – an extremely unfortunate loophole in the system of Western democratic capitalism , which never foresaw that in a society governed passively by free markets and free elections , organized greed always defeats disorganized democracy .
The bank ’s unprecedented reach and power have enabled it to turn all of America into a giant pump - and - dump scam , manipulating whole economic sectors for years at a time , moving the dice game as this or that market collapses , and all the time gorging itself on the unseen costs that are breaking families everywhere – high gas prices , rising consumer - credit rates , half - eaten pension funds , mass layoffs , future taxes to pay off bailouts .
All that money that you ’re losing , it ’s going somewhere , and in both a literal and a figurative sense , Goldman Sachs is where it ’s going :
The bank is a huge , highly sophisticated engine for converting the useful , deployed wealth of society into the least useful , most wasteful and insoluble substance on Earth – pure profit for rich individuals .
They achieve this using the same playbook over and over again .
The formula is relatively simple : Goldman positions itself in the middle of a speculative bubble , selling investments they know are crap .
Then they hoover up vast sums from the middle and lower floors of society with the aid of a crippled and corrupt state that allows it to rewrite the rules in exchange for the relative pennies the bank throws at political patronage .
Finally , when it all goes bust , leaving millions of ordinary citizens broke and starving , they begin the entire process over again , riding in to rescue us all by lending us back our own money at interest , selling themselves as men above greed , just a bunch of really smart guys keeping the wheels greased .
They ’ve been pulling this same stunt over and over since the 1920s – and now they ’re preparing to do it again , creating what may be the biggest and most audacious bubble yet .
If you want to understand how we got into this financial crisis , you have to first understand where all the money went – and in order to understand that , you need to understand what Goldman has already gotten away with .
It is a history exactly five bubbles long – including last year ’s strange and seemingly inexplicable spike in the price of oil .
There were a lot of losers in each of those bubbles , and in the bailout that followed .
But Goldman was n’t one of them .
IF AMERICA IS NOW CIRCLING THE DRAIN , GOLDMAN SACHS HAS FOUND A WAY TO BE THAT DRAIN .
BUBBLE #1 – THE GREAT DEPRESSION
Goldman was n’t always a too - big - to - fail Wall Street behemoth , the ruthless face of kill - or - be - killed capitalism on steroids – just almost always .
The bank was actually founded in 1869 by a German immigrant named Marcus Goldman , who built it up with his son - in - law Samuel Sachs .
They were pioneers in the use of commercial paper , which is just a fancy way of saying they made money lending out short - term IOUs to small - time vendors in downtown Manhattan .
You can probably guess the basic plotline of Goldman ’s first 100 years in business : plucky , immigrant - led investment bank beats the odds , pulls itself up by its bootstraps , makes shitloads of money .
In that ancient history there ’s really only one episode that bears scrutiny now , in light of more recent events : Goldman ’s disastrous foray into the speculative mania of pre-crash Wall Street in the late 1920s .
This great Hindenburg of financial history has a few features that might sound familiar .
Back then , the main financial tool used to bilk investors was called an “ investment trust . ”
Similar to modern mutual funds , the trusts took the cash of investors large and small and ( theoretically , at least ) invested it in a smorgasbord of Wall Street securities , though the securities and amounts were often kept hidden from the public .
So a regular guy could invest $ 10 or $ 100 in a trust and feel like he was a big player .
Much as in the 1990s , when new vehicles like day trading and e-trading attracted reams of new suckers from the sticks who wanted to feel like big shots , investment trusts roped a new generation of regular - guy investors into the speculation game .
Beginning a pattern that would repeat itself over and over again , Goldman got into the investment - trust game late , then jumped in with both feet and went hog - wild .
The first effort was the Goldman Sachs Trading Corporation ; the bank issued a million shares at $ 100 apiece , bought all those shares with its own money and then sold 90 percent of them to the hungry public at $ 104 .
The trading corporation then relentlessly bought shares in itself , bidding the price up further and further .
Eventually it dumped part of its holdings and sponsored a new trust , the Shenandoah Corporation , issuing millions more in shares in that fund – which in turn sponsored yet another trust called the Blue Ridge Corporation .
In this way , each investment trust served as a front for an endless investment pyramid : Goldman hiding behind Goldman hiding behind Goldman .
Of the 7,250,000 initial shares of Blue Ridge , 6,250,000 were actually owned by Shenandoah – which , of course , was in large part owned by Goldman Trading .
The end result ( ask yourself if this sounds familiar ) was a daisy chain of borrowed money , one exquisitely vulnerable to a decline in performance anywhere along the line ;
The basic idea is n’t hard to follow .
You take a dollar and borrow nine against it ; then you take that $ 10 fund and borrow $ 90 ; then you take your $ 100 fund and , so long as the public is still lending , borrow and invest $ 900 .
If the last fund in the line starts to lose value , you no longer have the money to pay back your investors , and everyone gets massacred .
In a chapter from The Great Crash , 1929 titled “ In Goldman Sachs We Trust , ” the famed economist John Kenneth Galbraith held up the Blue Ridge and Shenandoah trusts as classic examples of the insanity of leverage - based investment .
The trusts , he wrote , were a major cause of the market ’s historic crash ; in today ’s dollars , the losses the bank suffered totaled $ 475 billion .
“ It is difficult not to marvel at the imagination which was implicit in this gargantuan insanity , ” Galbraith observed , sounding like Keith Olbermann in an ascot .
“ If there must be madness , something may be said for having it on a heroic scale . ”
BUBBLE # 2 – TECH STOCKS
Fast - Forward about 65 years .
Goldman not only survived the crash that wiped out so many of the investors it duped , it went on to become the chief underwriter to the country ’s wealthiest and most powerful corporations .
Thanks to Sidney Weinberg , who rose from the rank of janitor ’s assistant to head the firm , Goldman became the pioneer of the initial public offering , one of the principal and most lucrative means by which companies raise money .
During the 1970s and 1980s , Goldman may not have been the planet - eating Death Star of political influence it is today , but it was a top - drawer firm that had a reputation for attracting the very smartest talent on the Street .
It also , oddly enough , had a reputation for relatively solid ethics and a patient approach to investment that shunned the fast buck ; its executives were trained to adopt the firm ’s mantra , “ long - term greedy . ”
One former Goldman banker who left the firm in the early Nineties recalls seeing his superiors give up a very profitable deal on the grounds that it was a long - term loser .
“ We gave back money to ‘ grownup ’ corporate clients who had made bad deals with us , ” he says .
“ Everything we did was legal and fair – but ‘ long - term greedy ’ said we did n’t want to make such a profit at the clients ’ collective expense that we spoiled the marketplace . ”
But then , something happened .
It ’s hard to say what it was exactly ; it might have been the fact that Goldman ’s co-chairman in the early Nineties , Robert Rubin , followed Bill Clinton to the White House , where he directed the National Economic Council and eventually became Treasury secretary .
While the American media fell in love with the story line of a pair of baby - boomer , Sixties - child , Fleetwood Mac yuppies nesting in the White House , it also nursed an undisguised crush on Rubin , who was hyped as without a doubt the smartest person ever to walk the face of the Earth , with Newton , Einstein , Mozart and Kant running far behind .
Rubin was the prototypical Goldman banker .
He was probably born in a $ 4,000 suit , he had a face that seemed permanently frozen just short of an apology for being so much smarter than you , and he exuded a Spock - like , emotion - neutral exterior ; the only human feeling you could imagine him experiencing was a nightmare about being forced to fly coach .
It became almost a national cliche that whatever Rubin thought was best for the economy – a phenomenon that reached its apex in 1999 , when Rubin appeared on the cover of Time with his Treasury deputy , Larry Summers , and Fed chief Alan Greenspan under the headline THE COMMITTEE TO SAVE THE WORLD .
And “ what Rubin thought , ” mostly , was that the American economy , and in particular the financial markets , were over - regulated and needed to be set free .
During his tenure at Treasury , the Clinton White House made a series of moves that would have drastic consequences for the global economy – beginning with Rubin ’s complete and total failure to regulate his old firm during its first mad dash for obscene short - term profits .
The basic scam in the Internet Age is pretty easy even for the financially illiterate to grasp .
Companies that were n’t much more than pot - fueled ideas scrawled on napkins by up - too - late bong - smokers were taken public via IPOs , hyped in the media and sold to the public for megamillions .
It was as if banks like Goldman were wrapping ribbons around watermelons , tossing them out 50 - story windows and opening the phones for bids .
In this game you were a winner only if you took your money out before the melon hit the pavement .
It sounds obvious now , but what the average investor did n’t know at the time was that the banks had changed the rules of the game , making the deals look better than they actually were .
They did this by setting up what was , in reality , a two - tiered investment system – one for the insiders who knew the real numbers , and another for the lay investor who was invited to chase soaring prices the banks themselves knew were irrational .
While Goldman ’s later pattern would be to capitalize on changes in the regulatory environment , its key innovation in the Internet years was to abandon its own industry ’s standards of quality control .
“ Since the Depression , there were strict underwriting guidelines that Wall Street adhered to when taking a company public , ” says one prominent hedge - fund manager .
“ The company had to be in business for a minimum of five years , and it had to show profitability for three consecutive years .
But Wall Street took these guidelines and threw them in the trash . ”
Goldman completed the snow job by pumping up the sham stocks : “ Their analysts were out there saying Bullshit.com is worth $ 100 a share . ”
The problem was , nobody told investors that the rules had changed .
“ Everyone on the inside knew , ” the manager says .
“ Bob Rubin sure as hell knew what the underwriting standards were .
They ’d been intact since the 1930s . ”
Jay Ritter , a professor of finance at the University of Florida who specializes in IPOs , says banks like Goldman knew full well that many of the public offerings they were touting would never make a dime .
“ In the early Eighties , the major underwriters insisted on three years of profitability .
Then it was one year , then it was a quarter .
By the time of the Internet bubble , they were not even requiring profitability in the foreseeable future . ”
Goldman has denied that it changed its underwriting standards during the Internet years , but its own statistics belie the claim .
Just as it did with the investment trust in the 1920s , Goldman started slow and finished crazy in the Internet years .
After it took a little - known company with weak financials called Yahoo !
public in 1996 , once the tech boom had already begun , Goldman quickly became the IPO king of the Internet era .
Of the 24 companies it took public in 1997 , a third were losing money at the time of the IPO .
In 1999 , at the height of the boom , it took 47 companies public , including stillborns like Webvan and eToys , investment offerings that were in many ways the modern equivalents of Blue Ridge and Shenandoah .
The following year , it underwrote 18 companies in the first four months , 14 of which were money losers at the time .
As a leading underwriter of Internet stocks during the boom , Goldman provided profits far more volatile than those of its competitors :
In 1999 , the average Goldman IPO leapt 281 percent above its offering price , compared to the Wall Street average of 181 percent .
How did Goldman achieve such extraordinary results ?
One answer is that they used a practice called “ laddering , ” which is just a fancy way of saying they manipulated the share price of new offerings .
Here ’s how it works :
Say you ’re Goldman Sachs , and Bullshit.com comes to you and asks you to take their company public .
You agree on the usual terms :
You ’ll price the stock , determine how many shares should be released and take the Bullshit.com CEO on a “ road show ” to schmooze investors , all in exchange for a substantial fee ( typically six to seven percent of
the amount raised ) .
You then promise your best clients the right to buy big chunks of the IPO at the low offering price – let ’s say Bullshit.com ’s starting share price is $ 15 – in exchange for a promise that they will buy more shares later on the open market .
That seemingly simple demand gives you inside knowledge of the IPO ’s future , knowledge that was n’t disclosed to the day - trader schmucks who only had the prospectus to go by :
You know that certain of your clients who bought X amount of shares at $ 15 are also going to buy Y more shares at $ 20 or $ 25 , virtually guaranteeing that the price is going to go to $ 25 and beyond .
In this way , Goldman could artificially jack up the new company ’s price , which of course was to the bank ’s benefit – a six percent fee of a $ 500 million IPO is serious money .
Goldman was repeatedly sued by shareholders for engaging in laddering in a variety of Internet IPOs , including Webvan and NetZero .
The deceptive practices also caught the attention of Nichol as Maier , the syndicate manager of Cramer & Co. , the hedge fund run at the time by the now - famous chattering television rear end in a top hat Jim Cramer , himself a Goldman alum .
Maier told the SEC that while working for Cramer between 1996 and 1998 , he was repeatedly forced to engage in laddering practices during IPO deals with Goldman .
“ Goldman , from what I witnessed , they were the worst perpetrator , ” Maier said .
“ They totally fueled the bubble .
And it ’s specifically that kind of behavior that has caused the market crash .
They built these stocks upon an illegal foundation – manipulated up – and ultimately , it really was the small person who ended up buying in . ”
In 2005 , Goldman agreed to pay $ 40 million for its laddering violations – a puny penalty relative to the enormous profits it made .
( Goldman , which has denied wrongdoing in all of the cases it has settled , refused to respond to questions for this story . )
Another practice Goldman engaged in during the Internet boom was “ spinning , ” better known as bribery .
Here the investment bank would offer the executives of the newly public company shares at extra- low prices , in exchange for future underwriting business .
Banks that engaged in spinning would then undervalue the initial offering price – ensuring that those “ hot ” opening price shares it had handed out to insiders would be more likely to rise quickly , supplying bigger first - day rewards for the chosen few .
So instead of Bullshit.com opening at $ 20 , the bank would approach the Bullshit.com CEO and offer him a million shares of his own company at $ 18 in exchange for future business – effectively robbing all of Bullshit ’s new shareholders by diverting cash that should have gone to the company ’s bottom line into the private bank account of the company ’s CEO .
In one case , Goldman allegedly gave a multimillion - dollar special offering to eBay CEO Meg Whitman , who later joined Goldman ’s board , in exchange for future i-banking business .
According to a report by the House Financial Services Committee in 2002 , Goldman gave special stock offerings to executives in 21 companies that it took public , including Yahoo !
co-founder Jerry Yang and two of the great slithering villains of the financial - scandal age – Tyco ’s Dennis Kozlowski and Enron ’s Ken Lay .
Goldman angrily denounced the report as “ an egregious distortion of the facts ” – shortly before paying $ 110 million to settle an investigation into spinning and other manipulations launched by New York state regulators .
“ The spinning of hot IPO shares was not a harmless corporate perk , ” then - attorney general Eliot Spitzer said at the time .
“ Instead , it was an integral part of a fraudulent scheme to win new investment - banking business . ”
Such practices conspired to turn the Internet bubble into one of the greatest financial disasters in world history : Some $ 5 trillion of wealth was wiped out on the NASDAQ alone .
But the real problem was n’t the money that was lost by shareholders , it was the money gained by investment bankers , who received hefty bonuses for tampering with the market .
Instead of teaching Wall Street a lesson that bubbles always deflate , the Internet years demonstrated to bankers that in the age of freely flowing capital and publicly owned financial companies , bubbles are incredibly easy to inflate , and individual bonuses are actually bigger when the mania and the irrationality are greater .
GOLDMAN SCAMMED HOUSING INVESTORS BY BETTING AGAINST ITS OWN CRAPPY MORTGAGES .
Nowhere was this truer than at Goldman .
Between 1999 and 2002 , the firm paid out $ 28.5 billion in compensation and benefits – an average of roughly $ 350,000 a year per employee .
Those numbers are important because the key legacy of the Internet boom is that the economy is now driven in large part by the pursuit of the enormous salaries and bonuses that such bubbles make possible .
Goldman ’s mantra of “ long - term greedy ” vanished into thin air as the game became about getting your check before the melon hit the pavement .
The market was no longer a rationally managed place to grow real , profitable businesses :
It was a huge ocean of Someone Else ’s Money where bankers hauled in vast sums through whatever means necessary and tried to convert that money into bonuses and payouts as quickly as possible .
If you laddered and spun 50 Internet IPOs that went bust within a year , so what ?
By the time the Securities and Exchange Commission got around to fining your firm $ 110 million , the yacht you bought with your IPO bonuses was already six years old .
Besides , you were probably out of Goldman by then , running the U.S. Treasury or maybe the state of New Jersey .
( One of the truly comic moments in the history of America ’s recent financial collapse came when Gov. Jon Corzine of New Jersey , who ran Goldman from 1994 to 1999 and left with $ 320 million in IPO - fattened stock , insisted in 2002 that “ I ’ve never even heard the term ‘ laddering ’ before . ” )
For a bank that paid out $ 7 billion a year in salaries , $ 110 million fines issued half a decade late were something far less than a deterrent – they were a joke .
Once the Internet bubble burst , Goldman had no incentive to reassess its new , profit - driven strategy ; it just searched around for another bubble to inflate .
As it turns out , it had one ready , thanks in large part to Rubin .
BUBBLE # 3 – THE HOUSING CRAZE
Goldman ’s role in the sweeping disaster that was the housing bubble is not hard to trace .
Here again , the basic trick was a decline in underwriting standards , although in this case the standards were n’t in IPOs but in mortgages .
By now almost everyone knows that for decades mortgage dealers insisted that home buyers be able to produce a down payment of 10 percent or more , show a steady income and good credit rating , and possess a real first and last name .
Then , at the dawn of the new millennium , they suddenly threw all that poo poo out the window and started writing mortgages on the backs of napkins to cocktail waitresses and ex-cons carrying five bucks and a Snickers bar .
None of that would have been possible without investment bankers like Goldman , who created vehicles to package those lovely mortgages and sell them en masse to unsuspecting insurance companies and pension funds .
This created a mass market for toxic debt that would never have existed before ; in the old days , no bank would have wanted to keep some addict ex-con ’s mortgage on its books , knowing how likely it was to fail .
You ca n’t write these mortgages , in other words , unless you can sell them to someone who does n’t know what they are .
Goldman used two methods to hide the mess they were selling .
First , they bundled hundreds of different mortgages into instruments called Collateralized Debt Obligations .
Then they sold investors on the idea that , because a bunch of those mortgages would turn out to be OK , there was no reason to worry so much about the lovely ones :
The CDO , as a whole , was sound .
Thus , junk - rated mortgages were turned into AAA - rated investments .
Second , to hedge its own bets , Goldman got companies like AIG to provide insurance – known as credit - default swaps – on the CDOs .
The swaps were essentially a racetrack bet between AIG and Goldman : Goldman is betting the ex-cons will default , AIG is betting they wo n’t .
There was only one problem with the deals :
All of the wheeling and dealing represented exactly the kind of dangerous speculation that federal regulators are supposed to rein in .
Derivatives like CDOs and credit swaps had already caused a series of serious financial calamities : Procter & Gamble and Gibson Greetings both lost fortunes , and Orange County , California , was forced to default in 1994 .
A report that year by the Government Accountability Office recommended that such financial instruments be tightly regulated – and in 1998 , the head of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission , a woman named Brooksley Born , agreed .
That May , she circulated a letter to business leaders and the Clinton administration suggesting that banks be required to provide greater disclosure in derivatives trades , and maintain reserves to cushion against losses .
More regulation was n’t exactly what Goldman had in mind .
“ The banks go crazy – they want it stopped , ” says Michael Greenberger , who worked for Born as director of trading and markets at the CFTC and is now a law professor at the University of Maryland .
“ Greenspan , Summers , Rubin and [ SEC chief Arthur ] Levitt want it stopped . ”
Clinton ’s reigning economic foursome – “ especially Rubin , ” according to Greenberger – called Born in for a meeting and pleaded their case .
She refused to back down , however , and continued to push for more regulation of the derivatives .
Then , in June 1998 , Rubin went public to denounce her move , eventually recommending that Congress strip the CFTC of its regulatory authority .
In 2000 , on its last day in session , Congress passed the now - notorious Commodity Futures Modernization Act , which had been inserted into an 1l,000 - page spending bill at the last minute , with almost no debate on the floor of the Senate .
Banks were now free to trade default swaps with impunity .
But the story did n’t end there .
AIG , a major purveyor of default swaps , approached the New York State Insurance Department in 2000 and asked whether default swaps would be regulated as insurance .
At the time , the office was run by one Neil Levin , a former Goldman vice president , who decided against regulating the swaps .
Now freed to underwrite as many housing - based securities and buy as much credit - default protection as it wanted , Goldman went berserk with lending lust .
By the peak of the housing boom in 2006 , Goldman was underwriting $ 76.5 billion worth of mortgage - backed securities – a third of which were subprime – much of it to institutional investors like pensions and insurance companies .
And in these massive issues of real estate were vast swamps of crap .
Take one $ 494 million issue that year , GSAMP Trust 2006 - S3 .
Many of the mortgages belonged to second - mortgage borrowers , and the average equity they had in their homes was 0.71 percent .
Moreover , 58 percent of the loans included little or no documentation – no names of the borrowers , no addresses of the homes , just zip codes .
Yet both of the major ratings agencies , Moody ’s and Standard & Poor ’s , rated 93 percent of the issue as investment grade .
Moody ’s projected that less than 10 percent of the loans would default .
In reality , 18 percent of the mortgages were in default within 18 months .
Not that Goldman was personally at any risk .
The bank might be taking all these hideous , completely irresponsible mortgages from beneath - gangster - status firms like Countrywide and selling them off to municipalities and pensioners – old people , for God ’s sake – pretending the whole time that it was n’t grade - D horseshit .
But even as it was doing so , it was taking short positions in the same market , in essence betting against the same crap it was selling .
Even worse , Goldman bragged about it in public .
“ The mortgage sector continues to be challenged , ” David Viniar , the bank ’s chief financial officer , boasted in 2007 .
“ As a result , we took significant markdowns on our long inventory positions ….
However , our risk bias in that market was to be short , and that net short position was profitable . ”
In other words , the mortgages it was selling were for chumps .
The real money was in betting against those same mortgages .
“ That ’s how audacious these assholes are , ” says one hedge - fund manager .
“ At least with other banks , you could say that they were just dumb – they believed what they were selling , and it blew them up .
Goldman knew what it was doing . ”
I ask the manager how it could be that selling something to customers that you ’re actually betting against – particularly when you know more about the weaknesses of those products than the customer – does n’t amount to securities fraud .
“ It ’s exactly securities fraud , ” he says .
“ It ’s the heart of securities fraud . ”
Eventually , lots of aggrieved investors agreed .
In a virtual repeat of the Internet IPO craze , Goldman was hit with a wave of lawsuits after the collapse of the housing bubble , many of which accused the bank of withholding pertinent information about the quality of the mortgages it issued .
New York state regulators are suing Goldman and 25 other underwriters for selling bundles of crappy Countrywide mortgages to city and state pension funds , which lost as much as $ 100 million in the investments .
Massachusetts also investigated Goldman for similar misdeeds , acting on behalf of 714 mortgage holders who got stuck ho1ding predatory loans .
But once again , Goldman got off virtually scot - free , staving off prosecution by agreeing to pay a paltry $ 60 million – about what the bank ’s CDO division made in a day and a half during the real estate boom .
The effects of the housing bubble are well known – it led more or less directly to the collapse of Bear Stearns , Lehman Brothers and AIG , whose toxic portfolio of credit swaps was in significant part composed of the insurance that banks like Goldman bought against their own housing portfolios .
In fact , at least $ 13 billion of the taxpayer money given to AIG in the bailout ultimately went to Goldman , meaning that the bank made out on the housing bubble twice :
It hosed the investors who bought their horseshit CDOs by betting against its own crappy product , then it turned around and hosed the taxpayer by making him payoff those same bets .
And once again , while the world was crashing down all around the bank , Goldman made sure it was doing just fine in the compensation department .
In 2006 , the firm ’s payroll jumped to $ 16.5 billion – an average of $ 622,000 per employee .
As a Goldman spokesman explained , “ We work very hard here . ”
But the best was yet to come .
While the collapse of the housing bubble sent most of the financial world fleeing for the exits , or to jail , Goldman boldly doubled down – and almost single - handedly created yet another bubble , one the world still barely knows the firm had anything to do with .
BUBBLE # 4 – $ 4 A GALLON
By the beginning of 2008 , the financial world was in turmoil .
Wall Street had spent the past two and a half decades producing one scandal after another , which did n’t leave much to sell that was n’t tainted .
The terms junk bond , IPO , subprime mortgage and other once - hot financial fare were now firmly associated in the public ’s mind with scams ; the terms credit swaps and CDOs were about to join them .
The credit markets were in crisis , and the mantra that had sustained the fantasy economy throughout the Bush years – the notion that housing prices never go down – was now a fully exploded myth , leaving the Street clamoring for a new bullshit paradigm to sling .
Where to go ?
With the public reluctant to put money in anything that felt like a paper investment , the Street quietly moved the casino to the physical - commodities market – stuff you could touch : corn , coffee , cocoa , wheat and , above all , energy commodities , especially oil .
In conjunction with a decline in the dollar , the credit crunch and the housing crash caused a “ flight to commodities . ”
Oil futures in particular skyrocketed , as the price of a single barrel went from around $ 60 in the middle of 2007 to a high of $ 147 in the summer of 2008 .
That summer , as the presidential campaign heated up , the accepted explanation for why gasoline had hit $ 4.11 a gallon was that there was a problem with the world oil supply .
In a classic example of how Republicans and Democrats respond to crises by engaging in fierce exchanges of moronic irrelevancies , John McCain insisted that ending the moratorium on offshore drilling would be “ very helpful in the short term , ” while Barack Obama in typical liberal - arts yuppie style argued that federal investment in hybrid cars was the way out .
GOLDMAN TURNED A SLEEPY OIL MARKET INTO A GIANT BETTING PARLOR – SPIKING PRICES AT THE PUMP .
But it was all a lie .
While the global supply of oil will eventually dry up , the short - term flow has actually been increasing .
In the six months before prices spiked , according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration , the world oil supply rose from 85.24 million barrels a day to 85.72 million .
Over the same period , world oil demand dropped from 86.82 million barrels a day to 86.07 million .
Not only was the short - term supply of oil rising , the demand for it was falling – which , in classic economic terms , should have brought prices at the pump down .
So what caused the huge spike in oil prices ?
Take a wild guess .
Obviously Goldman had help – there were other players in the physical - commodities market – but the root cause had almost everything to do with the behavior of a few powerful actors determined to turn the once - solid market into a speculative casino .
Goldman did it by persuading pension funds and other large institutional investors to invest in oil futures – agreeing to buy oil at a certain price on a fixed date .
The push transformed oil from a physical commodity , rigidly subject to supply and demand , into something to bet on , like a stock .
Between 2003 and 2008 , the amount of speculative money in commodities grew from $ 13 billion to $ 317 billion , an increase of 2,300 percent .
By 2008 , a barrel of oil was traded 27 times , on average , before it was actually delivered and consumed .
As is so often the case , there had been a Depression - era law in place designed specifically to prevent this sort of thing .
The commodities market was designed in large part to help farmers :
A grower concerned about future price drops could enter into a contract to sell his corn at a certain price for delivery later on , which made him worry less about building up stores of his crop .
When no one was buying corn , the farmer could sell to a middleman known as a “ traditional speculator , ” who would store the grain and sell it later , when demand returned .
That way , someone was always there to buy from the farmer , even when the market temporarily had no need for his crops .
In 1936 , however , Congress recognized that there should never be more speculators in the market than real producers and consumers .
If that happened , prices would be affected by something other than supply and demand , and price manipulations would ensue .
A new law empowered the Commodity Futures Trading Commission – the very same body that would later try and fail to regulate credit swaps – to place limits on speculative trades in commodities .
As a result of the CFTC ’s oversight , peace and harmony reigned in the commodities markets for more than 50 years .
All that changed in 1991 when , unbeknownst to almost everyone in the world , a Goldman - owned commodities - trading subsidiary called J. Aron wrote to the CFTC and made an unusual argument .
Farmers with big stores of corn , Goldman argued , were n’t the only ones who needed to hedge their risk against future price drops – Wall Street dealers who made big bets on oil prices also needed to hedge their risk , because , well , they stood to lose a lot too .
This was complete and utter crap – the 1936 law , remember , was specifically designed to maintain distinctions between people who were buying and selling real tangible stuff and people who were trading in paper alone .
But the CFTC , amazingly , bought Goldman ’s argument .
It issued the bank a free pass , called the “ Bona Fide Hedging ” exemption , allowing Goldman ’s subsidiary to call itself a physical hedger and escape virtually all limits placed on speculators .
In the years that followed , the commission would quietly issue 14 similar exemptions to other companies .
Now Goldman and other banks were free to drive more investors into the commodities markets , enabling speculators to place increasingly big bets .
That 1991 letter from Goldman more or less directly led to the oil bubble in 2008 , when the number of speculators in the market – driven there by fear of the falling dollar and the housing crash – finally overwhelmed the real physical suppliers and consumers .
By 2008 , at least three quarters of the activity on the commodity exchanges was speculative , according to a congressional staffer who studied the numbers – and that ’s likely a conservative estimate .
By the middle of last summer , despite rising supply and a drop in demand , we were paying $ 4 a gallon every time we pulled up to the pump .
What is even more amazing is that the letter to Goldman , along with most of the other trading exemptions , was handed out more or less in secret .
“ I was the head of the division of trading and markets , and Brooksley Born was the chair of the CFTC , ” says Greenberger , “ and neither of us knew this letter was out there . ”
In fact , the letters only came to light by accident .
Last year , a staffer for the House Energy and Commerce Committee just happened to be at a briefing when officials from the CFTC made an offhand reference to the exemptions .
“ 1 had been invited to a briefing the commission was holding on energy , ” the staffer recounts .
“ And suddenly in the middle of it , they start saying , ‘ Yeah , we ’ve been issuing these letters for years now . ’
I raised my hand and said , ‘ Really ?
You issued a letter ?
Can I see it ? ’
And they were like , ‘ Duh , duh . ’
So we went back and forth , and finally they said , ‘ We have to clear it with Goldman Sachs . ’
I ’m like , ‘ What do you mean , you
have to clear it with Goldman Sachs ? ' ”
The CFTC cited a rule that prohibited it from releasing any information about a company ’s current position in the market .
But the staffer ’s request was about a letter that had been issued 17 years earlier .
It no longer had anything to do with Goldman ’s current position .
What ’s more , Section 7 of the 1936 commodities law gives Congress the right to any information it wants from the commission .
Still , in a classic example of how complete Goldman ’s capture of government is , the CFTC waited until it got clearance from the bank before it turned the letter over .
Armed with the semi-secret government exemption , Goldman had become the chief designer of a giant commodities betting parlor .
Its Goldman Sachs Commodities Index – which tracks the prices of 24 major commodities but is overwhelmingly weighted toward oil – became the place where pension funds and insurance companies and other institutional investors could make massive long - term bets on commodity prices .
Which was all well and good , except for a couple of things .
One was that index speculators are mostly “ long only ” bettors , who seldom if ever take short positions – meaning they only bet on prices to rise .
While this kind of behavior is good for a stock market , it ’s terrible for commodities , because it continually forces prices upward .
“ If index speculators took short positions as well as long ones , you ’d see them pushing prices both up and down , ” says Michael Masters , a hedge - fund manager who has helped expose the role of investment banks in the manipulation of oil prices .
“ But they only push prices in one direction : up . ”
Complicating matters even further was the fact that Goldman itself was cheerleading with all its might for an increase in oil prices .
In the beginning of 2008 , Arjun Murti , a Goldman analyst , hailed as an “ oracle of oil ” by The New York Times , predicted a “ super spike ” in oil prices , forecasting a rise to $ 200 a barrel .
At the time Goldman was heavily invested in oil through its commodities - trading subsidiary , J. Aron ; it also owned a stake in a major oil refinery in Kansas , where it warehoused the crude it bought and sold .
Even though the supply of oil was keeping pace with demand , Murti continually warned of disruptions to the world oil supply , going so far as to broadcast the fact that he owned two hybrid cars .
High prices , the bank insisted , were somehow the fault of the piggish American consumer ; in 2005 , Goldman analysts insisted that we would n’t know when oil prices would fall until we knew “ when American consumers will stop buying gas - guzzling sport utility vehicles and instead seek fuel - efficient alternatives . ”
But it was n’t the consumption of real oil that was driving up prices – it was the trade in paper oil .
By the summer of2008 , in fact , commodities speculators had bought and stockpiled enough oil futures to fill 1.1 billion barrels of crude , which meant that speculators owned more future oil on paper than there was real , physical oil stored in all of the country ’s commercial storage tanks and the Strategic Petroleum Reserve combined .
It was a repeat of both the Internet craze and the housing bubble , when Wall Street jacked up present - day profits by selling suckers shares of a fictional fantasy future of endlessly rising prices .
In what was by now a painfully familiar pattern , the oil - commodities melon hit the pavement hard in the summer of 2008 , causing a massive loss of wealth ; crude prices plunged from $ 147 to $ 33 .
Once again the big losers were ordinary people .
The pensioners whose funds invested in this crap got massacred : CalPERS , the California Public Employees ’ Retirement System , had $ 1.1 billion in commodities when the crash came .
And the damage did n’t just come from oil .
Soaring food prices driven by the commodities bubble led to catastrophes across the planet , forcing an estimated 100 million people into hunger and sparking food riots throughout the Third World .
Now oil prices are rising again :
They shot up 20 percent in the month of May and have nearly doubled so far this year .
Once again , the problem is not supply or demand .
“ The highest supply of oil in the last 20 years is now , ” says Rep. Bart Stupak , a Democrat from Michigan who serves on the House energy committee .
“ Demand is at a 10 - year low .
And yet prices are up . ”
Asked why politicians continue to harp on things like drilling or hybrid cars , when supply and demand have nothing to do with the high prices , Stupak shakes his head .
“ I think they just do n’t understand the problem very well , ” he says .
“ You ca n’t explain it in 30 seconds , so politicians ignore it . ”
BUBBLE #5 – RIGGING THE BAILOUT
After the oil bubble collapsed last fall , there was no new bubble to keep things humming – this time , the money seems to be really gone , like worldwide - depression gone .
So the financial safari has moved elsewhere , and the big game in the hunt has become the only remaining pool of dumb , unguarded capital left to feed upon : taxpayer money .
Here , in the biggest bailout in history , is where Goldman Sachs really started to flex its muscle .
It began in September of last year , when then - Treasury secretary Paulson made a momentous series of decisions .
Although he had already engineered a rescue of Bear Stearns a few months before and helped bail out quasi- private lenders Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , Paulson elected to let Lehman Brothers – one of Goldman ’s last real competitors – collapse without intervention .
( “ Goldman ’s superhero status was left intact , ” says market analyst Eric Salzman , “ and an investment - banking competitor , Lehman , goes away . ” )
The very next day , Paulson greenlighted a massive , $ 85 billion bailout of AIG , which promptly turned around and repaid $ 13 billion it owed to Goldman .
Thanks to the rescue effort , the bank ended up getting paid in full for its bad bets :
By contrast , retired auto workers awaiting the Chrysler bailout will be lucky to receive 50 cents for every dollar they are owed .
Immediately after the AIG bailout , Paulson announced his federal bailout for the financial industry , a $ 700 billion plan called the Troubled Asset Relief Program , and put a heretofore unknown 35 - year - old Goldman banker named Neel Kashkari in charge of administering the funds .
In order to qualify for bailout monies , Goldman announced that it would convert from an investment bank to a bankholding company , a move that allows it access not only to $ 10 billion in TARP funds , but to a whole galaxy of less conspicuous , publicly backed funding – most notably , lending from the discount window of the Federal Reserve .
By the end of March , the Fed will have lent or guaranteed at least $ 8.7 trillion under a series of new bailout programs – and thanks to an obscure law allowing the Fed to block most congressional audits , both the amounts and the recipients of the monies remain almost entirely secret .
Converting to a bank - holding company has other benefits as well : Goldman ’s primary supervisor is now the New York Fed , whose chairman at the time of its announcement was Stephen Friedman , a former co-chairman of Goldman Sachs .
Friedman was technically in violation of Federal Reserve policy by remaining on the board of Goldman even as he was supposedly regulating the bank ; in order to rectify the problem , he applied for , and got , a conflict - of - interest waiver from the government .
Friedman was also supposed to divest himself of his Goldman stock after Goldman became a bank - holding company , but thanks to the waiver , he was allowed to go out and buy 52,000 additional shares in his old bank , leaving him $ 3 million richer .
Friedman stepped down in May , but the man now in charge of supervising Goldman – New York Fed president William Dudley – is yet another former Goldmanite .
The collective message of all this – the AIG bailout , the swift approval for its bank - holding conversion , the TARP funds – is that when it comes to Goldman Sachs , there is n’t a free market at all .
The government might let other players on the market die , but it simply will not allow Goldman to fail under any circumstances .
Its edge in the market has suddenly become an open declaration of supreme privilege .
“ In the past it was an implicit advantage , ” says Simon Johnson , an economics professor at MIT and former official at the International Monetary Fund , who compares the bailout to the crony capitalism he has seen in Third World countries .
“ Now it ’s more of an explicit advantage . ”
Once the bailouts were in place , Goldman went right back to business as usual , dreaming up impossibly convoluted schemes to pick the American carcass clean of its loose capital .
One of its first moves in the post - bailout era was to quietly push forward the calendar it uses to report its earnings , essentially wiping December 2008 – with its $ 1.3 billion in pretax losses – off the books .
At the same time , the bank announced a highly suspicious $ 1.8 billion profit for the first quarter of 2009 – which apparently included a large chunk of money funneled to it by taxpayers via the AIG bailout .
“ They cooked those first - quarter results six ways from Sunday , ” says one hedge - fund manager .
“ They hid the losses in the orphan month and called the bailout money profit . ”
Two more numbers stand out from that stunning first - quarter turnaround .
The bank paid out an astonishing $ 4.7 billion in bonuses and compensation in the first three months of this year , an 18 percent increase over the first quarter of 2008 .
It also raised $ 5 billion by issuing new shares almost immediately after releasing its first - quarter results .
Taken together , the numbers show that Goldman essentially borrowed a $ 5 billion salary payout for its executives in the middle of the global economic crisis it helped cause , using half - baked accounting to reel in investors , just months after receiving billions in a taxpayer bailout .
Even more amazing , Goldman did it all right before the government announced the results of its new “ stress test ” for banks seeking to repay TARP money – suggesting that Goldman knew exactly what was coming .
The government was trying to carefully orchestrate the repayments in an effort to prevent further trouble at banks that could n’t pay back the money right away .
But Goldman blew off those concerns , brazenly flaunting its insider status .
“ They seemed to know everything that they needed to do before the stress test came out , unlike everyone else , who had to wait until after , ” says Michael Hecht , a managing director of JMP Securities .
“ The government came out and said , ‘ To pay back TARP , you have to issue debt of at least five years that is not insured by FDIC – which Goldman Sachs had already done , a week or two before . ”
And here ’s the real punch line .
After playing an intimate role in four historic bubble catastrophes , after helping $ 5 trillion in wealth disappear from the NASDAQ , after pawning off thousands of toxic mortgages on pensioners and cities , after helping to drive the price of gas up to $ 4 a gallon and to push 100 million people around the world into hunger , after securing tens of billions of taxpayer dollars through a series of bailouts overseen by its former CEO , what did Goldman Sachs give back to the people of the United States in 2008 ?
Fourteen million dollars .
That is what the firm paid in taxes in 2008 , an effective tax rate of exactly one , read it , one percent .
The bank paid out $ 10 billion in compensation and benefits that same year and made a profit of more than $ 2 billion – yet it paid the Treasury less than a third of what it forked over to CEO Lloyd Blankfein , who made $ 42.9 million last year .
How is this possible ?
According to Goldman ’s annual report , the low taxes are due in large part to changes in the bank ’s “ geographic earnings mix . ”
In other words , the bank moved its money around so that most of its earnings took place in foreign countries with low tax rates .
Thanks to our completely hosed corporate tax system , companies like Goldman can ship their revenues offshore and defer taxes on those revenues indefinitely , even while they claim deductions upfront on that same untaxed income .
This is why any corporation with an at least occasionally sober accountant can usually find a way to zero out its taxes .
A GAO report , in fact , found that between 1998 and 2005 , roughly two - thirds of all corporations operating in the U.S. paid no taxes at all .
This should be a pitchfork - level outrage – but somehow , when Goldman released its post - bailout tax profile , hardly anyone said a word .
One of the few to remark on the obscenity was Rep. Lloyd Doggett , a Democrat from Texas who serves on the House Ways and Means Committee .
“ With the right hand out begging for bailout money , ” he said , “ the left is hiding it offshore . ”
BUBBLE #6 – GLOBAL WARMING
Fast - Forward to today .
It ’s early June in Washington , D.C. Barack Obama , a popular young politician whose leading private campaign donor was an investment bank called Goldman Sachs – its employees paid some $ 981,000 to his campaign – sits in the White House .
Having seamlessly navigated the political minefield of the bailout era , Goldman is once again back to its old business , scouting out loopholes in a new government - created market with the aid of a new set of alumni occupying key government jobs .
AS ENVISIONED BY GOLDMAN , THE FIGHT TO STOP GLOBAL WARMING WILL BECOME A “ CARBON MARKET ” WORTH $ 1 TRILLION A YEAR .
Gone are Hank Paulson and Neel Kashkari ; in their place are Treasury chief of staff Mark Patterson and CFTC chief Gary Gensler , both former Goldmanites .
( Gensler was the firm ’s co-head of finance )
And instead of credit derivatives or oil futures or mortgage - backed CDOs , the new game in town , the next bubble , is in carbon credits – a booming trillion - dollar market that barely even exists yet , but will if the Democratic Party that it gave $ 4,452,585 to in the last election manages to push into existence a groundbreaking new commodities bubble , disguised as an “ environmental plan , ” called cap - and - trade .
The new carbon - credit market is a virtual repeat of the commodities - market casino that ’s been kind to Goldman , except it has one delicious new wrinkle :
If the plan goes forward as expected , the rise in prices will be government - mandated .
Goldman wo n’t even have to rig the game .
It will be rigged in advance .
Here ’s how it works :
If the bill passes ; there will be limits for coal plants , utilities , natural - gas distributors and numerous other industries on the amount of carbon emissions ( a.k.a. greenhouse gases ) they can produce per year .
If the companies go over their allotment , they will be able to buy “ allocations ” or credits from other companies that have managed to produce fewer emissions .
President Obama conservatively estimates that about $ 646 billions worth of carbon credits will be auctioned in the first seven years ; one of his top economic aides speculates that the real number might be twice or even three times that amount .
The feature of this plan that has special appeal to speculators is that the “ cap ” on carbon will be continually lowered by the government , which means that carbon credits will become more and more scarce with each passing year .
Which means that this is a brand - new commodities market where the main commodity to be traded is guaranteed to rise in price over time .
The volume of this new market will be upwards of a trillion dollars annually ; for comparison ’s sake , the annual combined revenues of an electricity suppliers in the U.S. total $ 320 billion .
Goldman wants this bill .
The plan is ( 1 ) to get in on the ground floor of paradigm - shifting legislation , ( 2 ) make sure that they ’re the profit - making slice of that paradigm and ( 3 ) make sure the slice is a big slice .
Goldman started pushing hard for cap - and - trade long ago , but things really ramped up last year when the firm spent $ 3.5 million to lobby climate issues .
( One of their lobbyists at the time was none other than Patterson , now Treasury chief of staff . )
Back in 2005 , when Hank Paulson was chief of Goldman , he personally helped author the bank ’s environmental policy , a document that contains some surprising elements for a firm that in all other areas has been consistently opposed to any sort of government regulation .
Paulson ’s report argued that “ voluntary action alone cannot solve the climate - change problem . ”
A few years later , the bank ’s carbon chief , Ken Newcombe , insisted that cap - and - trade alone wo n’t be enough to fix the climate problem and called for further public investments in research and development .
Which is convenient , considering that ‘ Goldman made early investments in wind power ( it bought a subsidiary called Horizon Wind Energy ) , renewable diesel ( it is an investor in a firm called Changing World Technologies ) and solar power ( it partnered with BP Solar ) , exactly the kind of deals that will prosper if the government forces energy producers to use cleaner energy .
As Paulson said at the time , “ We ’re not making those investments to lose money . ”
The bank owns a 10 percent stake in the Chicago Climate Exchange , where the carbon credits will be traded .
Moreover , Goldman owns a minority stake in Blue Source LLC , a Utah - based firm that sells carbon credits of the type that will be in great demand if the bill passes .
Nobel Prize winner Al Gore , who is intimately involved with the planning of cap - and - trade , started up a company called Generation Investment Management with three former bigwigs from Goldman Sachs Asset Management , David Blood , Mark Ferguson and Peter Harris .
Their business ?
Investing in carbon offsets .
There ’s also a $ 500 million Green Growth Fund set up by a Goldmanite to invest in green - tech … the list goes on and on .
Goldman is ahead of the headlines again , just waiting for someone to make it rain in the right spot .
Will this market be bigger than the energy - futures market ?
“ Oh , it ’ll dwarf it , ” says a former staffer on the House energy committee .
Well , you might say , who cares ?
If cap - and - trade succeeds , wo n’t we all be saved from the catastrophe of global warming ?
Maybe – but cap - and - trade , as envisioned by Goldman , is really just a carbon tax structured so that private interests collect the revenues .
Instead of simply imposing a fixed government levy on carbon pollution and forcing unclean energy producers to pay for the mess they make , cap - and trade will allow a small tribe of greedy - as - hell Wall Street swine to turn yet another commodities market into a private tax - collection scheme .
This is worse than the bailout :
It allows the bank to seize taxpayer money before it ’s even collected .
“ If it ’s going to be a tax , I would prefer that Washington set the tax and collect it , ” says Michael Masters , the hedge fund director who spoke out against oil - futures speculation .
“ But we ’re saying that Wall Street can set the tax , and Wall Street can collect the tax .
That ’s the last thing in the world I want .
It ’s just asinine . ”
Cap - and - trade is going to happen .
Or , if it does n’t , something like it will .
The moral is the same as for all the other bubbles that Goldman helped create , from 1929 to 2009 .
In almost every case , the very same bank that behaved recklessly for years , weighing down the system with toxic loans and predatory debt , and accomplishing nothing but massive bonuses for a few bosses , has been rewarded with mountains of virtually free money and government guarantees – while the actual victims in this mess , ordinary taxpayers , are the ones paying for it .
It ’s not always easy to accept the reality of what we now routinely allow these people to get away with ; there ’s a kind of collective denial that kicks in when a country goes through what America has gone through lately , when a people lose as much prestige and status as we have in the past few years .
You ca n’t really register the fact that you ’re no longer a citizen of a thriving first - world democracy , that you ’re no longer above getting robbed in broad daylight , because like an amputee , you can still sort of feel things that are no longer there .
But this is it .
This is the world we live in now .
And in this world , some of us have to play by the rules , while others get a note from the principal excusing them from homework till the end of time , plus 10 billion free dollars in a paper bag to buy lunch .
It ’s a gangster state , running on gangster economics , and even prices ca n’t be trusted anymore ; there are hidden taxes in every buck you pay .
And maybe we ca n’t stop it , but we should at least know where it ’s all going .
—
More : On Giving Goldman a Chance
Thanks : Something Awful
Get The Most from Your Apple iPhone With This Particular Advice
You might be confused for those who have a smartphone .
You will find a couple of phones available which have much the same mobile phones currently available .
It ’s hard to find out which phone is right for you .
The apple iPhone is really a superior smartphone to any or all others out to be much better than any others .
You will notice why it ’s superior in the following paragraphs .
You do n’t have to worry about winding up around the wrong road using the apple iPhone .
The maps application is incorporated in the phone if you notice where you are whenever your merchandise is active .
This is ideal for assisting you go back home or elsewhere you had been likely to be .
Make certain your phone whenever updates become available .
Which means that you receive the most recent software and updates readily available for your phone .
There is no need hitting the “ X . ”
Just tap elsewhere on screen anywhere rather .
This instantly shuts the AutoCorrect suggestion box rapidly and simply .
This can help you instantly receive notices each time you receive an e-mail inside your emails immediately .
You are able to tag one or many email options for your phone .
Are you currently questioning the final text you simply typed into message ?
Has Auto Correct adversely changed your body of the message ’s meaning ?
It is simple to correct the harm simply by trembling your apple iPhone .
This selection will instantly undo all you have lately typed .
See your Configurations menu to make certain this selection is enabled as it is an optional one .
If you are delivering an e-mail and you do n’t require to use what that the apple iPhone indicates , ignore while using “ x ” to eliminate them .
Just tap the screen at any section and also the suggestion box goes away .
Maybe you have skipped on an excellent picture since your could not access your iPhone ’s camera application takes a lot of time to appear ?
Do this fast and simple and quick shortcut .
Tap two times around the Home icon two occasions whenever your screen is locked .
Just a little picture of the camera will appear somewhere right close to the screen ’s bottom .
Tapping this icon will instantly load the digital camera .
You are able to have a screenshot making use of your phone .
Simply press the house and Sleep buttons concurrently whenever you in the screen you would like a picture of .
The screen will blink whitened and you will be aware of picture was saved .
In case your apple iPhone freezes up and ca n’t be elevated by pressing Sleep / Wake button , you may want to execute a hard totally reset .
Press around the sleep button and also the home button simultaneously for many seconds .
The telephone will shut lower and restart to be able to signal that everything went well .
Improve your apple iPhone firmware regularly .
This increases both help make your apple iPhone more functional and extend battery existence .
Just make certain you ’ve iTunes on your pc and hook your apple iPhone into it .
You may also connect your apple iPhone for your Apple computer .
After reading through this short article , would you understand why the apple iPhone is the greatest on the market ?
Not one other mobile phones can contend with the apple iPhone in energy and functionality .
Because of so many iPhone Technology benefits of beloved , there ’s pointless to not own an apple iPhone Technology .
Youtube is experimenting these days with 3D Video .
Though still very much in pre-beta , a YouTube developer has built a stereoscopic player — a fancy way of saying you can already view some YouTube videos in 3D .
The project is open for testing now .
In the screenshot on right , you can see what the video looks like when playing in 3D mode .
Embedded below is what the source video looks like when taken with a stereoscopic camera .
To enable 3D viewing , use the “ yt3d:enable=true ” tag on your video .
There are currently a total of 10 3D viewing styles to choose from , including “ Focus - Thru , ” Cross - eyed , ” and “ Mirror Split , ” and they work on various videos containing the right tags , like this video .
Other current tags ( all subject to change ) include :
yt3d:aspect=3:4
Sets the aspect of the encoded video .
yt3d :swap=true
Swaps the left and right sources .
You may need to add this to videos when the player with fixed anaglyph modes ships .
Apologies for the [ inconvenience ] .
yt3d:left=0_0.1_0.5_0.9 and yt3d:right=0.5_0.1_1_0.9
These tags are very provisional and most useful for fixing up old videos .
They set the source area for each eye as pairs of coordinates x1_y1_x2_y2 .
The scale of these coordinates is 0,0 for the the top left down to 1,1 for the bottom right .
The developer in question , identified as YouTubePete , says that “ ideally you should n’t use left and right , ” and that for the best quality videos , “ make the sources as large as possible within the frame and set yt3d : aspect correctly . ”
Test out the 3D feature for yourself , and let us know what you think in the comments .
And if you find an interesting 3D video , feel free to embed it below for all to see .
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 0.0/10 ( 0 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
Submitted by Edward Harrison of Credit Writedowns .
I got a tip from a friend Andrew about a sale of assets by Wells Fargo ( WFC ) which raises a number of interesting questions .
He sent me the following 14 July article from the Milwaukee Business Journal .
Wells Fargo sold $ 600 million in mostly non-performing subprime loans to Irvine , Calif . - based Arch Bay Capital , National Mortgage News reported , citing sources familiar with the sale .
The industry publication said the loans sold for 35 cents on the dollar , about double what most hedge funds were offering .
Most of the subprime loans San Francisco - based Wells Fargo ( NYSE : WFC ) sold were originated by once - high flying Accredited Home Loans and NovaStar Financial , both of which originated subprime loans in the Milwaukee area .
No one involved in the recent sale is talking on the record , which may be a key reason lenders will look to private transactions to unload bad assets rather than turn to a government - sponsored program , National Mortgage News said .
Now , this transaction has not received a lot of coverage .
But the OC Register ’s Matthew Padilla covered it as well as the buyer Arch Bay is based there .
And they ask some interesting question based on the piece from the original source , National Mortgage News .
National Mortgage News reports Wells Fargo recently sold $ 600 million in distressed subprime loans to Irvine - based Arch Bay Capital .
Paul Muolo of NMN says the loans were originally funded by two mid-sized subprime lenders : Accredited Home Loans and NovaStar Financial .
Arch Bay co-founder Steven Davis declined to comment on the purported sale to his firm , referring calls to his partner Shawn Miller who serves as Arch Bay ’s CEO .
Mr. Davis did n’t deny that the sale took place but he would n’t confirm it either .
Mr. Miller could not be reached for comment .
Meanwhile , one question the sale raises is this :
How exactly did the publicly traded Wells wind up with so many crummy non-prime loans from these once highflying firms ?
Answer : I do n’t know and Wells is n’t talking .
A company spokesman said the bank ’s corporate policy is to not discuss its loan auctions .
…
The nice thing about the private non-performing loan market is that none of these messy details have to see the light of day , including the price paid .
One banker told me that the 35 cents on the dollar that Arch Bay reportedly paid was twice what some hedge fund bidders were offering .
I have calls into Wells and Arch Bay and will update the post if and when I hear back .
Does such a sizable deal signal we really do n’t need PPIP ?
Or , looking at it another way , if paying 35 cents on the dollar is a high bid , then I do n’t see how PPIP could help banks ’ books .
The last question is a good one , but I have others .
Here is what I wonder :
Why does Wells have this exposure to Milwaukee - based loans to begin with ?
If these were part of an MBS , the loan pool would be more dispersed .
Were they out buying NovaStar and Accredited Home loans back in 2007 when these companies ’ subprime operations went to the wall ?
( See my list of bank writedown news by lender for the 2007 events at NovaStar and Accredited Home . )
Do they even own these loans or are they the ‘ asset manager ? ’
They could be selling on behalf of a third party .
But , as they are not talking , we have to assume this is their own exposure .
How much more Midwestern exposure does Wells have ?
I have to assume they bought these loans to hold on their books if these are not part of a broader MBS pool .
I know they have operations in the Midwest because of Norwest .
But , the fact that they probably bought loans outright to hold on their books would suggest that they have a lot of exposure in the Midwest .
As The OC Register says : is 35 cents a high bid ?
That would suggest massive writedowns waiting to be taken on other assets of similar quality in the Midwest .
Think Ohio and Michigan .
Where are these assets marked on the books ?
At 35 cents , higher , or lower ?
I ’m betting much higher .
Will we learn more in the WFC Q2 conference call next Wednesday on 22 July ?
Who else is doing deals like this ?
And does that mean they are bypassing the PPIP program because they can do these deals privately ?
Finally , as the OC Register suggests , a 35 cents on the dollar bid means huge writedowns that banks do not want to take – especially banks still on government TARP life support like WFC .
To me , this explains very well why the PPIP program was a failure : if banks can sell distressed assets quietly over time to private bidders , they might be able to delay taking writedowns .
But , the price discovery involved in the PPIP program would be a blood bath for banks already capital - constrained .
This is why the program has failed .
A crowd gathered at Saint Marys church Rathkeale to see a vision of Mary from a tree that was cut down at the church .
The crowd stretching far and wide were angered that the tree stump was covered .
A crowd gathered at Saint Marys church Rathkeale to see a vision of Mary from a tree that was cut down at the church .
The crowd stretching far and wide were angered that the tree stump was covered .
A crowd gathered at Saint Marys church Rathkeale to see a vision of Mary from a tree that was cut down at the church .
The crowd stretching far and wide were angered that the tree stump was covered .
A crowd gathered at Saint Marys church Rathkeale to see a vision of Mary from a tree that was cut down at the church .
The crowd stretching far and wide were angered that the tree stump was covered .
A crowd gathered at Saint Marys church Rathkeale to see a vision of Mary from a tree that was cut down at the church .
The crowd stretching far and wide were angered that the tree stump was covered .
A crowd gathered at Saint Marys church Rathkeale to see a vision of Mary from a tree that was cut down at the church .
As a place of worship , it ’s verging on the bizarre : a tree stump in the grounds of a church in Co Limerick which many believe depicts an image of the Blessed Virgin .
So far , more than 2,000 people have signed a petition seeking to prevent the removal of the stump , while scores more have turned up to say the Rosary and light candles .
However , the local parish priest last night advised people not to worship the tree .
Fr Willie Russell said : “ There 's nothing there ... it ’s just a tree ... you ca n’t worship a tree . ”
Workmen made the discovery of the stump at the Holy Mary Parish Church in Rathkeale while cutting down trees earlier this week .
Residents organised the petition in an effort to have the tree stump , which was due to be dug out of the ground yesterday , made into a permanent fixture at the church .
According to Noel White , chairman of Rathkeale Community Council 's graveyard committee , the trees were cut down because of old age and the danger they posed to the adjacent school yard .
" These trees will be replaced .
However , I have given assurance that our committee will not be removing this tree stump , " he said .
" Nature has a funny way of showing things up and let it be a freak of nature or something else but whatever it is , surely it is a wonderful thing to see so many people coming out to pray , especially young people who have been saying the Rosary in the church for the past few nights , " he added .
" There have been queues of cars up and down the street of the town all day belonging to people who have never been here , all coming to say the Rosary and light candles .
" Maybe this is Our Lady 's way of getting people back to the church . "
A spokesman for the Limerick diocesan office said the " Church 's response to phenomena of this type is one of great scepticism " .
" While we do not wish in any way to detract from devotion to Our Lady , we would also wish to avoid anything which might lead to superstition , " he said .
A temporary shrine was erected at the tree stump last night where a vigil was held .
Belfast Telegraph
Mono Position Statement
The Ubuntu Technical Board has been asked for a position statement on the use of C# , specifically the Mono implementation , by applications in Ubuntu .
These applications , as well as the Mono stack , were proposed for inclusion like any other application and underwent the same review process that all new applications and platforms undergo before being accepted into the archive .
With specific regard to the default installed application set , applications have been reviewed and compared against each other on merit and features .
These often take place during the Ubuntu Developer Summits , most recently over the default media player .
A common concern cited about Mono is the patent position , largely it seems due to the originator of the C# language and associated ECMA standards .
The Ubuntu Project takes patent issues seriously , and the Ubuntu Technical Board is the governance body that handles allegations of patent infringement .
The Ubuntu Technical Board strives to engage with rights holder openly in terms of the code that we ship .
If a rights holder claims a patent infringement applies to said code , the Technical Board will commit to a review of the claim .
The Ubuntu Technical Board has received no claims of infringement against the Mono stack , and is not aware of any such claims having been received by other similar projects .
It is common practice in the software industry to register patents as protection against litigation , rather than as an intent to litigate .
Thus mere existence of a patent , without a claim of infringement , is not sufficient reason to warrant exclusion from the Ubuntu Project .
( While the Ubuntu project wishes to be responsive to patent infringement claims , we cannot commit to the assessment and review of claims made by anyone other than the registered rights holder . )
Given the above , the Ubuntu Technical Board sees no reason to exclude Mono or applications based upon it from the archive , or from the default installation set .
Since the Mono stack is already a dependency of the default installation set for many remixes of Ubuntu , including the Desktop Edition , there is no reason to consider a dependency on Mono as an issue when suggesting applications for the default set .
( Other remixes may obviously consider the CD Size implications if an application would introduce the Mono platform to the set . )
Scott on behalf of the Ubuntu Technical Board -- Scott James Remnant scott at ubuntu.com
-------------- next part
--------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed ...
Name : not available Type : application / pgp-signature Size : 197 bytes Desc :
This is a digitally signed message part Url : https://lists.ubuntu.com/archives/ubuntu-devel-announce/attachments/20090630/4e3dc07f/attachment.pgp
Have seasonal allergies ?
Just warm up some genetically modified rice for relief !
Researchers at Japan ’s National Institute for Agrobiological Sciences in Tsukubahope that you think this solution sounds simply delicious .
They ’ve developed a rice that could help alleviate the itchiness and watery eyes associated with hayfever .
And after safety tests on macaques ( monkeys ) , researchers are excited to take the next step : humans trials .
I ’d like to try this GM rice in people in the near future .
Researchers point out that the 26 - week long trial on the monkeys was for safety , not efficacy .
So how would this mutant rice work ?
[ social_buttons ]
Currently , it ’s a Japanese thing , designed to treat the whole 20 percent of that population allergic to Japanese cedar pollen .
Researchers genetically modified the rice to contain the seven proteins within cedar pollen that provoke the most serious allergic reactions in people .
They said they already had success in mice .
( Now they do n’t have to carry around those teeny tiny handkerchiefs any more . )
In a sense , they ’re giving people a holistic “ oral dosage ” to try to damp down the allergic reactions over time .
But there ’s nothing holistic about this .
Researcher Takaiwa hopes that the next step will be other GM foods .
Wow …let ’s all cross our fingers !
If our rice works well , I think the atmosphere around GM food will change .
And here ’s my next question :
What will they cram down our throats once we become allergic to the genetically modified stuff ?
Find the abstract here .
Source : New Scientist .
Image : visualpanic on Flickr under a Creative Commons License .
The Wall
Late last week , I was summoned to a windowed meeting room overlooking the White House to sit with members of one of Washington 's nimbler , smarter think tanks .
The assembled thinkers tried to convince me that Barack Obama was missing a historic opportunity :
The legislation that was traveling under his name was increasingly unlikely to bind the middle class to his presidency or party .
Cap - and - trade was a mess .
Health reform was going to fail on cost control .
And what of jobs ?
Obama , they said , had to take a firmer hand with the Congress .
His hands - off approach was a fiasco .
Leadership matters .
It 's important .
It 's needed .
Of course , as David Brooks points out , a firm hand with Congress is remembered as the defining mistake of the Bill Clinton 's first - term .
As you can read in detail here , there was no mistake more consequential than the president 's decision to dictate every jot and tittle of his health reform plan to the legislature .
Obama 's congressionalist approach is an effort to avoid the mistakes of the Clinton years .
Predictably enough , that 's led to a growing chorus flaying him for making the opposite mistakes .
And maybe that chorus is right .
But the implicit assumption of these arguments about strategy is that there is , somewhere out there , a workable strategy .
That there is some way to navigate our political system such that you enact wise legislation solving pressing problems .
But that 's an increasingly uncertain assumption , I think .
Imagine a group of men sitting in a dim prison cell .
One of the walls has a window .
Beyond that wall , they know they 'll find freedom .
One of the men spends years picking away at it with a small knife .
The others eventually tire of him .
That 's an idiotic approach , they say .
You need more force .
So one of the other men spends his days ramming the bed frame into the wall .
Eventually , he exhausts himself .
The others mock his hubris .
Another tries to light the wall of fire .
That fails as well .
The assembled prisoners laugh at the attempt .
And so it goes .
But the problem is that there is no answer to their dilemma .
The problem is not their strategy .
It 's the wall .
Photo credit : AP Photo / Pablo Martinez Monsivais .
UPDATED , 2:33 PM :
This entry has been corrected to turn the phrase " jit and tot " into " tot and jittle . "
Hundreds of people were already lining up to receive free healthcare checks at the the Forum in Inglewood .
Hundreds of people were already lining up to receive free healthcare checks at the the Forum in Inglewood .
Volunteer doctors , dentists and optometrists will conduct free health clinic for uninsured and under - insured individuals .
The eight - day healthcare event will run from 5:30 a.m to 6 p.m. and is sponsored by Remote Area Medical , a charity that in the past has staged clinics in rural sections of the United States .
People started arriving before 3 .
Many said they did n't have health insurance and saw this as an opportunity to be checked out .
Organizers placed them in stadium seats outside the Forum , and some said they waited for hours to get medical treatment .
Since 1985 , about 400,000 adults and children have been treated by the organization , its leaders said .
Individuals will not be required to show proof of income or insurance or documentation of any kind for treatment , according to organizers .
Only 1,200 people a day will be scheduled for the 45 medical exam rooms , 100 dental stations and 25 eye exam sites set up at The Forum , they said .
Full exams , including Mammography , chest X - rays , PAP smears , blood pressure screening and diabetes screening will be offered .
Prescription eye glasses will be fitted and prepared on site , said organizers .
[ UPDATED 11:59 a.m. By 11 a.m. crowds of people were sitting in old basketball arena chairs set up outside the Forum , waiting for their numbers to be called by clinic organizers .
“ We ’ve been here since 4 , ” said Vickie Zigetta , 52 , of Lakewood .
Zigetta and others waiting for their numbers to be called were disappointed when organizers announced that they would have no further dental appointments today .
Medical exams and vision checkups were available , however .
“ A lot of adults do n’t have medical or dental insurance , ” said Zigetta .
“ My three children are covered under Medical because they ’re not over 21 .
The number we ’ve got to get in is like gold . "
Zigetta has No. 1,095 .
Organizers had reached No. 800 as she spoke .
Zigetta said she wanted to get her eyes checked and a basic physical .
She planned to come back for a dental checkup tomorrow .
Inside the Forum , people were waiting in the bleachers to be called and , on the floor of the old aren where hockey and basketball games once were played , were large RVs that contained specialized medical and equipment .
The old lockers rooms had been turned into examination rooms .
In one of the old locker rooms , Phillip Clovis , 56 , Inglewood was waiting to receive chiropractic treatment .
Clovis said he arrived at 2:15 a.m. and was handed No. 348 .
“ So far I ’ve had acupuncture and seen a doctor .
I have back problems and after the acupuncture I feel much better .
“ If this service was provided to a majority of Americans , you would n’t have 3,000 people lined up at the door of the Forum , ” Clovis said .
“ It ’s such a blessing . ”
Clovis , an unemployed auto mechanic , said he learned about Tuesday clinic while job hunting . ]
-- Bob Pool
Photo credit : Genaro Molina / Los Angeles Times
Sunday 's GAA results from Ireland
It was a busy day in the GAA at home on Sunday , with wins for Limerick and Waterford in the hurling championship ...
Email Pinterest WhatsApp Addthis RESULTS :
GAA Hurling All Ireland Senior Championship
Quarter Final
Dublin 1-17 2-18 Limerick
Galway 0-18 1 -16 Waterford
GAA Football All Ireland Senior Championship
Qualifier Round 4
Kerry 2-12 1-20 Antrim
FIXTURES :
GAA Football All Ireland Senior Championship Quarter Final Draw
Mayo v Meath / Limerick
Dublin v Kerry
Cork v Donegal
Tyrone v Kildare
GAA Hurling All Ireland Senior Championship
Semi Final Draw
Kilkenny v Waterford
Croke Park , Sunday , August 9
Tipperary v Limerick
Croke Park , Sunday , August 16
Relegation Round 2
Antrim v Wexford
Saturday , August 1
If there 's something weird in the financial world , who you gonna call ?
Goldman Sachs .
The US government , involved in a firefight against the conflagration in the credit markets , is calling in another crisis - buster from the illustrious investment bank , this time Goldman 's most senior banker to finance industry clients , Ken Wilson .
And so with this appointment , the Goldman Sachs diaspora grows a little bit more influential .
It is an old - boy network that has created a revolving door between the firm and public office , greased by the mountains of money the company is generating even today , as its peers buckle and fall .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Almost whatever the country , you can find Goldman Sachs veterans in positions of pivotal power .
The 61 - year - old Mr Wilson has already proved influential in deals to recapitalise and reorganise some of America 's listing banks .
At the Treasury he will advise on what the federal government must to do help the process , but he will face scrutiny from those concerned about the tentacles wrapping lightly around government from Wall Street 's mightiest bank .
For the time being , bailing out Wall Street looks to be the same as bailing out the economy , but if those diverge there could be more questions asked about the influence of Goldman Sachs alumni on public policy .
George Bush picked up the phone this month , partly at the instigation of another Goldman Sachs alumnus , his Treasury secretary , Hank Paulson .
Together with Mr Bush 's chief of staff , Joshua Bolten , there will be three Goldman Sachs old boys in major positions of influence in the White House – but the US government is hardly alone in finding the bank 's executives to be attractive hirees .
They are well - credentialed , partly by design .
From its beginning when the German immigrant Marcus Goldman began discounting IOUs among the diamond merchants of New York in the 1870s , Goldman Sachs has always known about the power of the network of influence .
Goldman hires former politicians and civil servants , as readily as it supplies them .
And then there is simply the intellectual quality of the employees , many hired as much youngster men via a gruelling interview process , and then forged in the fire of 17 - hour work days .
With Goldman Sachs at the heart of Wall Street , and Wall Street at the heart of the US economy , few expects its power to wane .
Indeed ,
The New York Times columnist David Brooks noted that Goldman Sachs employees have given more money to Barack Obama 's campaign for president than workers of any other employer in the US .
" Over the past few years , people from Goldman Sachs have assumed control over large parts of the federal government , " Brooks noted grimly .
" Over the next few they might just take over the whole darn thing . "
John Thornton
From his post as professor and director of global leadership at Tsinghua University in Beijing , the former Goldman Sachs co-chief operating officer John Thornton has become a highly - influential figure in the developing business and poltical inter-relations between the US and China .
He was Goldman 's boss in Asia in the mid-Nineties and remains well connected in the East and the West .
Duncan Niederauer
Wall Streeters joked about a Goldman Sachs " takeover " of the New York Stock Exchange .
Hank Paulson , the Goldman boss on the NYSE board , moved to oust the chairman , Dick Grasso , and recommended the then chief operating officer of Goldman , John Thain , as Mr Grasso 's replacement .
Mr Thain modernised the exchange as demanded by Goldman , and Mr Thain 's old Goldman deputy , Duncan Niederauer , is in charge .
Jon Corzine
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
The former co-chief executive of Goldman went into full - time politics in 1999 , having lost the internal power struggle that preceded the company 's stock - market flotation in 1999 .
He has been governor of New Jersey since 2006 , having spent the previous six years in the US Senate .
His 2000 Senate election campaign was then the most expensive ever in the US , and Corzine spent $ 62 m of his own money .
Joshua Bolten
For five years until 1999 , Mr Bolten served as director of legal affairs for Goldman based in London , effectively making him the bank 's chief lobbyist to the EU .
The Republican lawyer aided George Bush 's 2000 election campaign , helped co-ordinate policy in the White House and has been the President 's chief of staff since 2006 .
Paul Deighton
The man heading London 's planning for the 2012 Olympic Games , Paul Deighton amassed a fortune estimated at over £ 100 m during his two decades at Goldman Sachs , where he had been one of its most powerful investment bankers .
Robert Rubin
A US Treasury secretary under Bill Clinton , Mr Rubin could once again emerge as a powerful figure in Washington if Barack Obama wins the presidency , since he has maintained his influence on Democrat politics .
Mr Rubin reached the second - highest rung at Goldman , becoming co-chief operating officer before joining the US government in 1993 .
Gavyn Davies
The ex-chairman of the BBC still has the ear of Gordon Brown , to whom he has been a good friend and informal adviser .
He is married to the Prime Minister 's aide Sue Nye .
Mr Davies spent 15 years as an economist at Goldman .
He was commissioned to report on the future funding of the BBC by Mr Brown in 1999 .
Two years later , he was poached to chair it .
Jim Cramer
This former Goldman trader is , without question , the most influential stock pundit in the US .
Hectoring and shouting his investment advice nightly on his CNBC show , Mad Money , he routinely moves share prices .
His primal scream against the Federal Reserve ( " They know nothing " ) was a YouTube sensation last year , as the central bank refused to lower interest rates to ease the pain of the credit crisis on Wall Street .
Robert Zoellick
Goldman provided a lucrative home to Robert Zoellick , the neo-conservative Republican , between the time he quit as Condoleezza Rice 's deputy at the State Department in 2006 ( having not secured the job he coveted as Treasury Secretary , when it went to Hank Paulson ) and his appointment last year as head of the World Bank .
At Goldman he had acted as head of international affairs , a kind of global ambassador and networker - in - chief .
Mario Draghi
The head of the Italian central bank is another example of the revolving door between Goldman and public service .
Mr Draghi had been an academic economist , an executive at the World Bank and a director - general of the Italian treasury before joining Goldman as a partner in 2002 .
He is becoming a significant figure in the response to the credit crisis , chairing the financial stability forum of central banks , finance ministries and regulators .
Malcolm Turnbull
Treasurer for the opposition Liberal Party , Mr Turnbull is one of the fastest - rising politicians in Australia .
He was the aggressive advocate who took on and beat the British Government in the Spycatcher trial of the former MI5 agent Peter Walker , but he then pursued a career in business and ran Goldman Australia from 1997 to 2001 , before jumping in to politics to serve as environment minister under John Howard .
Hank Paulson
Cometh the hour , cometh the man .
President George Bush must be delighted he lured a reluctant Hank Paulson away from his $ 38 m - a- year job as Goldman Sachs chief executive in 2006 , just in time to deal with the Wall Street crisis that has engulfed the entire US economy .
The bird - watching enthusiast had been a surprising choice as Treasury secretary , since his environmentalism was at odds with much of Bush 's policy .
Administration Fees
To ensure we can offer all our customers the best value we have tailored our administration fee to our customers individual circumstances .
This fee is a compulsory fee and applies to all our lol下注平台s depending on your below circumstances :
California officials have received more than 800 reports of health data breaches in the first five months after a new state law went into effect January 1 .
The law requires health care organizations in California to report suspected incidents of intentional and unintentional unauthorized breaches of a patient 's personally identifiable health information to the California Department of Public Health .
The agency , however , says it was surprised by the large number of reports it received in such a short period , according to the Journal of the American Health Information Management Association , and expects that number to increase dramatically as organizations become more familiar with the reporting procedures .
Of the cases reported , which also include complaints from patients , officials have conducted full investigations on 122 cases so far and confirmed 116 as actual breaches .
The types of breaches run the gamut from unintentionally faxing a patient ’s chart or test reports to the wrong phone number to intentional snooping by workers .
Most of the breaches reported so far have been unintentional .
Officials can fine offending organizations or individuals up to $ 250,000 for a breach , depending on the nature of the breach and the extent of the harm it caused , the Journal reports .
Los Angeles - based Kaiser Permanente Bellflower Medical Center was the first to be fined this amount after investigators determined that 23 hospital workers inappropriately accessed the medical records of Nadya Suleman , aka “ the Octomom " ( pictured at right ) .
Suleman is a 34 - year - old single mother on public assistance who received extensive publicity this year after giving birth to octuplets following fertility treatments .
The hospital fired 15 workers and disciplined another eight employees for the snooping .
But that was n't sufficient for the state .
Kaiser was fined in May after investigators found that the hospital had been negligent in protecting Suleman ’s medical record once it discovered that an employee had improperly viewed it .
The hospital simply added a notice to the record warning employees against unauthorized access but reportedly did little else to control access to the record .
No individuals have been fined by the state under the California law .
Actress Farrah Fawcett , who died two weeks ago , had also filed a complaint with the UCLA Medical Center accusing employees of providing information about her to a National Enquirer reporter .
California led the way in data breach laws when it passed the first notification law , which went into effect in July 2003 .
It requires entities doing business in California to notify consumers when their personally identifiable information is breached , such as a name and Social Security or credit card number .
The law helped expose the extent of the data - breach problem and prompted other states to follow suit with their own laws .
California 's new medical data breach law is the first in the nation and is being closely watched by other states .
Healthcare providers , however , have criticized it for being too rigid .
Photo : Nadya Suleman , the mother of octuplets , leaves her home in Whittier , Calif .
( AP / Nick Ut , File )
The statistics are telling .
The BNP now has 60 local councillors and a similar number of parish councillors .
By comparison , previous fascist groups had managed three councillors in total in the previous 80 years ( this is without counting the seats won and subsequently lost by the BNP ) .
The party has one member on the London Assembly , and now two MEPs in Europe .
Its overall vote has risen in successive local , general and European elections .
At locals it has risen to an average of around 15 per cent , while in the European elections the party polled 943,598 votes nationally , 6.2 per cent of the total ( up 1.3 per cent on 2004 ) .
At Westminster level there are three constituencies where the aggregate ward votes at the 2008 local elections put it in first place .
The BNP had 10,000 members at the end of 2007 – a figure that is likely to have risen since – providing it with a large and expanding activist base .
It is not , by national standards , a huge organisation ; it is a ‘ large small party ’ – at best the sixth biggest in the country .
Nor , despite its advances , does it pose any immediate threat of gaining serious power .
The real danger lies elsewhere , as will be outlined later .
Nonetheless , if the BNP ’s absolute vote is giving pause for concern , it is its trajectory that is truly worrying .
The European elections saw its national vote rise by almost a fifth against a background of falling turnout .
The small falls in its absolute vote in some areas , including the North West and Yorkshire and Humber , where it won its seats , are misleading as they ignore the lower turnout and factors such as the impact of moving from an all - postal ballot to a traditional election .
To exaggerate the significance of these absolute figures risks obscuring the party ’s continued increase in its vote nationwide and breakthrough successes in county council level .
Failed approaches
Contemporary anti-fascism is represented by two main groups , with broadly similar approaches .
First , there is Hope not Hate , an umbrella group for unions and individuals within the broad labour movement but open to all .
This group was formed by the Searchlight Network .
Second , Unite Against Fascism ( UAF ) , an organisation set up by the Socialist Workers Party ( SWP ) and National Assembly Against Racism , which also has some union and other backing .
For the SWP , UAF is clearly designed to continue in a similar vein to the Anti-Nazi League , and is not shy of drawing on the ANL ’s reputation and experience .
Both groups concentrate their activities on two main approaches : first , exposing the criminal records , past activities and political beliefs of leading BNP members , candidates and activists ; and second , calling on people not to ‘ vote Nazi ’ .
Instead electors are urged to vote anyone but BNP ( with slight differences in how this is interpreted by each group ) , in an attempt to raise turnout and block the BNP electorally .
This approach formed the basis of both groups ’ failed interventions into the London mayoral and European elections .
What is wrong with these two approaches ?
The most obvious objection is that they do n’t work .
They do n’t work today and they have n’t worked for some time .
This is n’t to say that they have n’t worked in the past , just that they cannot form the central core of an anti-BNP strategy in today ’s conditions .
Exposing the BNP ’s various criminal and political records has had no discernible impact .
In a country in which more than 40 per cent of all men can expect to have some form of criminal conviction during their lifetime , pointing out to voters in the sort of areas the BNP targets that a candidate has a conviction for assault or theft is likely to have a limited impact .
If this were not the case we would today be seeing declining BNP votes and councillors not being returned post - exposure .
But we ’re not .
We ’re seeing a steadily rising vote and increasing re-elections .
This tactic has been pursued over the past decade on a scale never seen before .
Every section of the media has got in on the game , every candidate has been hammering home their BNP opponents ’ convictions .
If this strategy was ever to make an impact it would have done so in these almost ideal conditions ; instead the far right vote continues to rise .
We have to conclude that this approach is ineffective .
Exposing past political views – for instance , BNP leader Nick Griffin ’s association with Holocaust denial in the 1990s and earlier – has suffered a similar fate .
Griffin has proved adept at moderating his most extreme opinions for the benefit of the media .
He will now acknowledge the Holocaust as a historical ‘ fact ’ and , as he put it to the Observer in 2002 , he claims that the only reason ‘ people like me ’ are not always ‘ polite and reasonable ’ on the subject is ‘ frustration with how it is used to prevent any genuine debate on questions to do with immigration , ethnicity and the cultural survival of the western nations ’ .
In doing so , he can effectively neutralise the issue .
If , despite his denial of Holocaust denial , an interviewer presses on regardless , it permits Griffin to turn the tables and ask if he or she wants to talk about politics .
The same thing happens on a larger scale electorally
As with the exposure of BNP candidates ’ criminal convictions , if this approach of bringing up the death camps and Nazi Germany was going to have any impact it would have done so in the especially favourable conditions of recent fevered mass media scrutiny of the BNP .
This approach did find success in the three or four decades after the second world war , when a real folk memory of the sacrifices made by millions was still alive .
Today , in different conditions , it cannot , has not and will not make the same inroads on BNP support .
Appealing to the status quo
These , though , are merely tactical problems , bred by past success and turned into conservative substitutes for effective intervention .
Far more damaging on a strategic level is the second approach , calling on the electorate to ‘ vote anyone but BNP ’ .
This position is a de facto appeal to support the status quo .
It effectively calls on people to support the social conditions that have given rise to their radical discontent – to support the very same parties that have introduced and are pledged to maintain those conditions .
In the bluntest terms , people will simply not vote for the parties they now blame for their situation and no amount of cajoling or mentions of the Holocaust will change that .
The collapse in the Labour vote over the past few years makes this patently clear .
The ‘ anyone but BNP ’ approach helps ensure that the conditions that are producing the BNP are going to remain in place .
So we ’re back at square one .
And it allows the BNP to make all the running as the anti-establishment party during a once - in - a - lifetime time opportunity for anti-establishment parties to make a real breakthrough .
The way to undercut this is to work towards dealing with the root causes of the BNP support : in particular , the political abandonment of much of the working class in pursuit of the narrow section of the electorate classified as ‘ swing voters ’ .
Parties have privileged the interests of a section of the electorate that rarely shares the same interests as ‘ core ’ Labour voters in working - class areas .
And this has led to the setting of parts of the same communities at each other ’s throats in the fight for resources under the name of multiculturalism ; the closing down of schools and hospitals ; wages being driven down ; debt ; sub - standard housing ; rising rents ; under - funded services – all the conditions of our social life being attacked and commercialised by a class that has shown itself incapable , in the most basic terms , of being able to run the system for the benefit of all .
This is what needs to be challenged as a priority , not people ’s reactions to those planned and deliberate failures known as neoliberalism .
And this is where pro-status quo anti-fascism is falling down and demonstrating both a misunderstanding of where we are today and a real lack of political courage .
A call to ‘ vote to stop the BNP ’ is , in most areas where it is raised , a barely - disguised call to vote Labour .
That is why the unions are funding the millions of leaflets delivered by Hope Not Hate .
( We can dismiss the suggestion that this slogan is also a call to vote Green .
The BNP and Greens are not competing for the same vote .
Nor need we dwell on those areas where the slogan translates into voting Tory or Lib Dem beyond imagining how an implied call to ‘ Vote Thatcher to stop the National Front ! ’ would have been met . )
An anti-fascism tied to support for the parties that have imposed the conditions people are protesting against is a failing anti-fascism .
It is sacrificing all credibility by joining hands with the very establishment that people are so fed up with .
The combined party membership of mainstream parties has dropped from more than three million in the 1960s to barely half a million today and it is still falling .
In conditions where large sections of the electorate are abandoning all the mainstream parties , for anti-fascists not to be supporting or initiating local projects that are prepared to confront rather than support the Labour Party is to politically abandon those communities to the BNP .
No platform ?
Other aspects of current anti-fascist activism should also be questioned .
This includes the widespread policy of ‘ no platform for fascists ’ .
Following the egging of Nick Griffin on College Green , at Westminster , the day after his election as an MEP , it has become evident that – beyond the confines of those who are already politically opposed to the BNP – ‘ no platform ’ has very little popular support .
In a country where the myths of democracy and freedom have a great hold over the public political imagination , a ‘ no platform ’ approach to the BNP is dangerous in a number of ways .
First , via the functioning of that democratic myth , it associates the left with authoritarianism , violence and telling people what they can and cannot hear or read – exactly the sort of high - handed arrogance that is leading many people to reject the mainstream parties .
Second , it acts as cover and support for top - down or state - led manoeuvres such as the closure of the BNP ’s bank accounts by Barclays , which led to a Palestinian solidarity account being closed as well , or the plans by the Equality and Human Rights Commission to investigate the party ’s constitution and membership rules .
How easy would it be to turn these initiatives against us ?
Already there are calls for a Berufsverbot for public sector workers , banning BNP members from those professions .
This plays directly into the hands of the establishment .
Of course , a community - led and supported refusal to allow the BNP to operate in their area is a very different matter , but we ’re currently seeing a top - down version of ‘ no platform ’ substituted for this effective grass - roots one .
On a related note , Love Music Hate Racism ( LMHR ) is an attempt to continue the cultural fight of the Anti-Nazi League and Rock Against Racism by holding music festivals and similar events .
Again , questions need to be asked .
The problem is that today they simply attract those who are already against the BNP .
In the past they were real arenas of conflict , battlegrounds for the hearts of young people .
Today that context no longer exists and the far right has no hold over the young – it lost that battle years ago .
Energy and resources channelled into LMHR would be better off directed at helping to deal with the problems working - class communities face as part and parcel of squeezing the BNP .
Missing the real danger
What all the current anti-fascist approaches have in common is that they miss the real danger .
This does n’t lie in the BNP taking power , in the possibility of concentration camps or any of the other scare stories we ’ve been hearing recently .
It lies more immediately in the far right colonising the anti-mainstream vote and developing party loyalty , thereby blocking the development of an independent working - class politics capable of defending our conditions and challenging neoliberalism .
The BNP ’s politics is being normalised , with the consequent racialisation of social issues and a massive shift to the right .
Each step they take forwards knocks the ‘ left ’ backwards .
This represents an immense defeat for the left – one that could take us decades to recover from and leave us as outsiders ( even more so than today ) in working - class communities , the very places that we all recognise as being key to real social change .
That is what will happen unless the job of defending the needs of those communities is seriously taken on and our counter - productive , outdated ‘ anti- fascism ’ is discarded .
I offer a few positive suggestions towards a new approach .
1 Community unions
We could form ‘ community unions ’ , unconnected to Labour , possibly funded by trade unions but with organisational independence assured , that would work directly on helping to meet the needs of those politically abandoned working - class communities where conditions are deteriorating by the day .
These would be based around the self - identified needs and plans of those communities – which can only pit them head - to - head against the BNP and the political mainstream .
The types of small victories that can be won on this terrain should be viewed not only as being worthwhile in themselves , but also as contributing to the re-emergence of community confidence in political self - assertion , the necessary first steps towards achieving further - reaching change .
There are already existing groups engaged in this sort of practical activity , such as the London Coalition Against Poverty , Haringey Solidarity and the Oxford and Islington Working Class Associations ( see Red Pepper Oct / Nov 2007 ) .
The need for these to be open membership union - type organisations rather than party membership - type groups is a simple practical one .
People will join unions at work as they recognise collective needs that exist over and above the heads of political disagreements , and the same is true of community needs .
And once there is widespread identification ( even passive ) of the needs of an area / workplace with the existence of a union it becomes very hard to shift ; that identification becomes a power in itself .
Parties are too narrow to play this role under today ’s conditions – they exist on a different level – but there is no reason why they cannot play a role within these broader open groups .
2 Focus on policy
We should develop the ‘ expose them ’ model into one that , instead of revealing ineffective details about individuals , concentrates on why their polices will not deal with the social problems driving people into their arms .
If we can not make this clear to those already intensely concerned with these issues then our propaganda is failing and is at best talking to those who would never vote BNP anyway .
This will require a direct challenge to Searchlight / UAF and other mainstream anti-fascists as they continue to empty their publications of all but the most inane type of content criticised above .
This , of course , needs to be linked to the activity of the ‘ community union ’ type groups mentioned above .
3 Abandon Labour
Searchlight need to abandon their default pro-Labour position and use their existing networks and resources to get behind local campaigns , actively challenging the conditions that are breeding support for the far right .
( This seems unlikely to happen . )
4 End the marches
Stop the marches , labelling , shouting , and so on .
Marching into an area that you do not know and have no continuing interest in and shouting what ’s right for that area is alienating and counter - productive .
People do not like being told what ’s best for them and will kick back against or simply ignore this sort of activity .
All of this can be performed without capitulating to racism and without writing off vast swathes of the population .
It has to be .
See Paul Meszaros and Paul White replies
The Police Ombudsman has launched an investigation after claims officers handcuffed a Ballymoney man who was suffering a potentially fatal epileptic attack .
The man ’s family believe he was mistaken for a drunk or a drug abuser and claim he sustained nerve damage as a result of being cuffed during the fit .
Melvyn Graham ( 46 ) was out walking when he suffered a debilitating seizure in the town a fortnight ago .
His family said they believe Mr Graham — who they describe as “ very vulnerable ” and said is unable to work , such is the severity of his condition — was forcibly restrained by police and claim he could have died as a result .
A doctor confirmed Mr Graham had sustained nerve damage in one hand and a number of bruises to his upper arms and legs .
As well as the complaint to the Ombudsman , Mr Graham is also contemplating legal action against the PSNI .
His solicitor , Derwin Harvey of Hilary Carmichael ’s in Ballymoney , said his client is considering seeking compensation from police .
Mr Graham was out walking along the Frosses Road , close to the Kilraughts Road roundabout .
He said he began to feel dizzy due to the heat and , fearing a seizure , made his way onto a grass verge .
He said he then fell into a semi-conscious state for an unknown period of time .
He recalls coming round in the back of an ambulance and trying to ask for help .
Mr Graham said his vision was severely blurred throughout and he was unable to communicate properly .
His family have alleged that officers may have confused the seizure with Mr Graham having been drunk or on drugs .
He claims he was told by police officers present that he would be taken to the police station and says he was asked “ what have you been taking ? ”
Ambulance workers treated Mr Graham at the scene before taking him back to his Edward Street home after he refused to go to hospital .
Suffering from pain in his arms , Mr Graham attended his GP last Tuesday who immediately referred him to the Causeway Hospital in Coleraine where he was X - rayed and had his arms bandaged .
He has suffered epileptic attacks all his life and has had to be resuscitated on numerous occasions following seizures , his family said .
His sister Mandy Graham ( 40 ) said it is vital not to touch her brother when he is having a seizure as the extra stress could , in the worst case , trigger a heart attack .
She added : “ To me this whole thing is a disgrace .
“ Whenever Melvyn takes a seizure he is completely helpless .
We want answers and to make sure this sort of thing cannot happen again . ”
A spokesperson for the Police Ombudsman said : “ We can confirm that we have received a complaint in relation to an allegation of assault . ”
The spokesperson was unable to comment further .
The Northern Ireland Ambulance Service said an experienced crew arrived at the scene .
A spokesperson said : “ Police assistance is only requested when a person is aggressive or violent . ”
A spokesperson for the PSNI said : “ Following a request for assistance from the Ambulance Service , police — using minimum force — restrained a person who was suffering from a known medical condition .
“ It is understood the ambulance staff later conveyed the man to his home when his condition improved and restraint was no longer required . ”
Mandy described her brother as a “ gentle giant ” , saying he has never been violent while having a fit .
Belfast Telegraph
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Military hardware that can be used in nuclear devices and ground fighting can be easily purchased In the United States and shipped overseas , a government investigation revealed Thursday .
This inclinometer , which can be used in homemade bombs , was easily bought and shipped overseas .
The Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) watchdog agency set up fake companies to obtain military and dual use items -- which have both military and commercial use -- in the United States and ship them overseas , according to a report made public at a House subcommittee hearing .
The domestic purchases allow buyers to avoid U.S. restrictions on sales to foreign entities , it noted .
Items purchased in the bogus transactions included parts for making nuclear devices and guiding missiles that could carry nuclear warheads , as well as night - vision devices , body armor and other hardware for ground combat , said the report provided to the House Energy and Commerce subcommittee .
" There appears to be a gigantic loophole within our laws that makes it easy for our enemies to get hold of our superior military technology and use it against us , " said Rep. Bart Stupak , D - Michigan .
Gregory Kutz , a GAO managing director who led the 13 - month investigation , said it found " sensitive dual - use and military technology can be easily and legally purchased from manufacturers and distributors within the United States and illegally exported without detection . "
He stressed that no laws were broken by any of the companies that sold items to the undercover GAO operation , and that the magnitude of trying to check all overseas travelers and shipments made it impossible to halt illegal export of the items under current law .
Committee members said the lack of regulation or export controls made the situation particularly troubling .
" The scandal here may be what is legal , not what is illegal , " said Rep. Greg Walden , R - Oregon .
However , he warned against excessive regulations that could stifle necessary commerce in items used by law enforcement , medical and other industries .
Kutz held up some of the items purchased by undercover investigators , including a small device that looked like a spark plug called a triggered spark gap .
The item has medical applications and can also be used to detonate a nuclear weapon , he said .
Kutz also displayed a small device called a gyro chip that can be used to steer guided missiles .
Other items on display in the committee room included some used in improvised explosive devices ( IEDs ) that target U.S. soldiers in Iraq , as well as sophisticated body armor and night - vision devices .
Undercover investigators complied with all required checks in purchasing the equipment , Kutz said , including the submission of end - user agreements that forbid exporting the equipment or using it in any nuclear , biological and missile weapons .
Such documents amount to an " honor system " pledge , rather than any enforcement mechanism , he said .
The only further checks involved are confirming the validity of credit cards and the existence of Web sites , Kutz said .
Most of the transactions took place by e-mail and telephone calls .
" The kind of front company we used and the kind of scheme we used is the kind being used by terrorist organizations today , " Kutz said .
" This was not a hypothetical situation ; this is being done . "
The investigation shipped some of the dual - use items to " a country that is a known trans - shipment point for terrorist governments and foreign governments attempting to acquire sensitive technology , " Kutz said .
He declined to name the country , but said it was in southeast Asia and that the shipments were simple packages labeled documents and sent by regular mail .
" As GAO proves , a cardboard box and the U.S. Postal Service is all it takes to move dual - use items out of the country , " said Rep. Edward Markey , D - Massachusetts .
One of those duped by the investigation -- Nicholas Fitton , a technology dealer in Georgia -- told the committee he complied with all required checks in selling an F - 16 engine computer to what he thought was a legitimate U.S. buyer .
Asked by Stupak why anyone other than the military would need such a device , Fitton said his customers often are museums , collectors and film companies seeking authentic items .
Fitton said existing regulations were counter - productive , with seemingly harmless items associated with military gear more tightly controlled than the dual - use items of the investigation .
At the same time , he said , making the system too restrictive would harm the competitive ability of U.S. manufacturers .
Export laws in the United States have remained virtually unchanged since the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , Anne-Marie Lasowski of the GAO told the committee .
She called for a " holistic " approach involving all agencies charged with security and commerce for an issue involving billions of dollars in exports .
All About U.S. Government Accountability Office • John Dingell
Successful bloggers have to keep their heads around many different aspects of the medium – but at it ’s core is being able to write compelling and engaging content on a consistent basis over time .
How you do this will vary from blogger to blogger to some extent as each blogger has their own style – however there are some basic principles of writing great blog content that might be worth keeping in mind .
Below are a few of the lessons I ’ve learned on the topic over the years .
Update : Here at ProBlogger we ’re constantly creating more tutorials on how to create great blog content for your blog .
Stay up to the latest by subscribing to the FREE ProBlogger Plus Membership .
Where to Start
How to Craft a Blog Post –
This is a series of posts that walk bloggers through a variety of points on blog writing that can make a good post great .
Techniques
Make Your Writing Scannable – one of the most important tips for online writing
How Long Should a Blog Post Be ? – another common question about writing posts
Using Titles Effectively on Blogs – one of the most important elements of a blog post is it ’s title – here ’s why they are important and how to write them
Workflow
Motivation
Declaring War on Blog Apathy – once you ’ve been blogging for a while it ’s easy to lose motivation and let it slip .
This article is all about how to keep your blog moving forward .
7 Days to Rediscovering Your Blogging Groove – a simple way to find things to write about on your blog over 7 days
20 Types of Blog Posts – part of my Battling Bloggers Block series
Principles of Successful Content Creation
RSS
The quarterly blind feeding - frenzy on crime stats is in full - flow .
It is a pretty unedifying sight - and uniquely British .
No other country spends so much time , effort and money collecting data on crime .
No other country has so many journalists detailed to trawl the data for evidence of social chaos .
No other country gets fed more alarming nonsense as a result , I suspect .
Many of the papers today are reporting a " recession fuelled crime - wave " .
I wonder if some wrote the story before they saw the figures .
It is a funny sort of crime wave that sees total recorded crime in England and Wales down 5 % in a year and people 's experience of crime stable .
Not so much a " wave " as a slowly - draining mill - pond .
The figures , we are told , contain powerful evidence of a rise in property crime - particularly burglary .
Well , recorded burglary from people 's houses in England and Wales did go up .
There were 3,700 more incidents year on year - 10 more burglaries every day .
A 1 % rise .
But hold on .
Recorded burglary from other buildings ( offices , factories , shops etc ) went down by 6,050 incidents - 16 fewer burglaries every day .
A 2 % fall .
( Do let me know if you find that figure in your newspaper . )
What sort of burglar is this recession creating ?
The kind , apparently , that is driven to break into domestic property more but commercial property less .
Our credit - crunched villain is also less prone to nick a car or something from it .
But more likely to take someone 's bike , purse or indulge in a bit of shoplifting .
I am sorry - this is getting absurd .
Today 's crime stats offer a level of detail and complexity which is in danger of confusing rather than clarifying what is happening in our society .
Journalists plunge into the ocean of data and triumphantly emerge , like free - diving oyster fishermen , clutching some statistical pearl - a crime category where the figures show a year on year increase .
How about this one ?
" Theft of mail " up 22 % .
Yup , it is true .
( But do n't mention that theft of mail is actually down 83 % from where it was in 2004 . )
It is the trends we need to be interested in and the trends are clear .
Crime has been falling for over a decade and is currently stable .
No time for complacency .
Still unacceptably high .
But the recession has not , yet , fuelled a change in direction .
What it may have done , though , is helped push violent crime down .
As I suggested last September if the downturn means young people have got less cash to spend on large amounts of alcohol on a Friday and Saturday night , the effect might be to reduce drunken disorder and violence .
Today 's figures show almost 60,000 fewer violent offences recorded by police year on year .
I know , I know - you do n't believe it .
But when you ask lots of people about their experience of violent crime , ( 46,000 rather than that bloke in the dry cleaners ) the number saying they had been a victim in the previous year is at its lowest level since 1981 , 4 % down on last year .
The Home Office reckons that 45 % of people who commit violence are affected by alcohol - so it is not daft to suggest there might be a link .
Year on year , recorded violence is down around 6 % and alcohol consumption is said to be down around 3 % [ 54Kb PDF ] .
One needs to be careful in suggesting straight cause and effect because violence has been falling since the mid-nineties and alcohol consumption rose for much of that time .
But logic surely suggests that if too much booze makes people more violent , slightly less booze might make people less violent .
Finally , if you have n't found it already , you might want to look at the interactive Home Office recorded crime map .
You can see where your neighbourhood fits in compared with all kinds of crime in the rest of England and Wales .
I suspect it may actually be a statistical blip of some kind , but I could n't help but notice that the map shows the risk of crime in Westminster is virtually off the scale .
I wonder why that is ?
By Casey Lynn
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
I have a long history with Harry Potter – getting the books at midnight ( and reading them in the eight or so hours immediately following ) , going to line parties for some of the film premieres , dressing as Tonks for Halloween , even writing law review articles about fandom .
I point this out so that you ’ll know that I ’m practically an expert when I say that the newest movie is absolutely fantastic .
Half - Blood Prince was not one of my favorites of the books , largely because I did n’t care for a lot of the romantic subplot , but I actually found that part much more endearing in the film .
I think this was in large part due to some of the young actors ; Rupert Grint in particular is a surprisingly awesome comedic actor , and I think that this film had a lot more laugh - out - loud moments than the previous five .
But then again , there ’s a lot of comedic fodder in 16 - year - olds learning about the birds and the bees .
On the subject of acting , I will also add that Daniel Radcliffe gets better with each film , but he still has n’t quite worked out how to cry yet ( I was reminded of the “ BUT HE WAS THEIR FRIEND ! ” moment from Prisoner of Azkaban at one point ) .
Also , Tom Felton is quite good , and I imagine that thirteen - year - old girls everywhere are swooning into their pillows .
Though of course the real meat of the story has nothing to do with silly teenage relationships at all – it is , as always , ultimately a battle between good and evil .
And one of the things I loved about the film is that there is a wonderful motif of duality running throughout – fire and water , light and dark , twins , counterparts , and of course , good and evil .
The special effects are absolutely amazing ( best yet ) , and one of the best parts about these films if you ’re a fan of the books is seeing things you imagined in your head coming to life – the magical ropes of the Unbreakable Vow , Slughorn as a couch , Hermione ’s attack - by - birds on Ron …
And overall , the movie is beautifully shot , much of it quite breathtaking .
( Though speaking of CGI , there is one scene in particular where I thought for a moment that they ’d borrowed Gollum from Lord of the Rings . )
Obviously there are things to nitpick about , especially if you ’re a fan of the books , and though I think that overall this film did a pretty good job of picking and choosing what to put in and what to leave out ( good news if you ’re a fan of Quidditch – it ’s back ! ) , there were definitely some head - scratching moments .
Like a completely new scene in the middle of the film that has nothing to do with the book and seems to serve little purpose except providing some suspense and vaguely neat visual stuff .
And it was thin on explanations in some places in the same way that Prisoner of Azkaban was – remember how , unless you ’d read the books , you would have been wondering why on earth Harry ’s patronus looked like a stag ( as we never found out who the Marauders were ) ?
I had a similar reaction to this film ’s revelation about what should ( arguably ) be a central question in this story : the identity of “ the half - blood prince . ”
So if you have n’t read the books and are blinking at that one after the film – find someone who has and ask them to explain it to you !
If you have kids and are wondering how scary or dark this film might be , I will say that there was a small child in the audience sitting right in front of me who started bawling at one point – and my friend sitting beside me shrieked at the top of her lungs .
However , it is just one scene ( near the end of the movie … something to do with a lake … ) .
As a final note , I will add that Michael Gambon as always is absolutely amazing as Dumbledore .
And there is one scene in particular that showcases Dumbledore ’s bad - assness that made me rather gleeful .
Overall , one of my very favorite films in the series , and I suspect that both obsessive and casual fans will be pleasantly surprised .
since 2008 has been your des­tination for conspiracy theories and fringe views about Barack Obama .
Having an argu­ment with your buddies at the office ?
You 're in the right place .
Use the Search box below or check out our featured articles .
If you do n't agree with what you see , feel free to add your thoughts to the over 250,000 comments others have left .
To leave a comment visit the Open Thread Also check out
The Deputy Chief of the General Staff of the IDF mentioned that the Israeli army killed Palestinian civilians and used illegal weapons in the 22 - Day - War against Gaza .
Dan Harel , the Deputy Chief of the General Staff of the IDF , said that the Israeli forces committed mistakes in its attack on Gaza – mistakes which resulted in the deaths of civilians .
At the same time Harel claimed that Zionist soldiers did not intentionally aim at Palestinian civilians .
But , recently , a number of Zionist soldiers have confessed to shooting Palestinians after capturing them at the command of their superiors .
Zionist soldiers used Palestinians as human shields as well .
The Deputy Chief of the General Staff of the IDF also confessed to using white phosphorus in the 22 - Day - War against Gaza .
The Center for Human Rights in Palestine announced that since the start of the 22 - Day - War , which started on the 27th of December , more than 1400 Palestinians have been martyred .
The majority of deaths have been women and children .
Bass Fishing Technique
O.K .
Here 's another tip from Bass Fishing Techniques for you to chew on .
When Bass Fishing in clear water , always use a dark colored crankbait , spoon or spinner .
The clear water makes it harder for the fish to see light colored baits .
A dark colored bait will attract a cleaner strike from a predatory fish .
When trying to locate bass on a large lake , look for the schools of bait fish , the bass will not be far away as they are predatory fish and will always be close to their dinner .
Another great Bass Fishing Technique to chew on is this :
When the bass are being selective , probe deep structures with spinners or spoons .
This will generally yeald results on a slow day .
Disclaimer : I really do n't have a clue about most of what I 'm talking about here .
Never take my word for it .
WASHINGTON ( AP )  Officers with the U.S. Marshals Service have seized all skin sanitizers and skin protectants , including ingredients and components , at Clarcon Biological Chemistry Laboratory 's facility in Roy , Utah , the Food and Drug Administration said .
The FDA warned the public Saturday not to use any Clarcon products because they contain harmful bacteria and are promoted as antimicrobial agents that claim to treat open wounds and damaged skin and protect against various infectious diseases .
No cases of illness have been reported to the FDA .
Clarcon voluntarily recalled the affected products , marketed under several different brand names , in June 2009 , following an FDA inspection that revealed high levels of potentially disease - causing bacteria in the products .
The inspection uncovered serious deviations from the FDA s regulations , including poor practices that permitted the contamination .
The FDA s seizure of these products , along with their ingredients , occurred after Clarcon did not agree to promptly destroy them .
The FDA said it is protecting the public by preventing these products from entering the marketplace .
" The FDA is committed to taking enforcement action against firms that do not manufacture drugs in accordance with our current good manufacturing practice requirements , " said Deborah Autor , director of the FDA s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research Office of Compliance .
Clarcon produced and distributed more than 800,000 bottles of these products in multiple regions of the country since 2007 .
Consumers should not use any Clarcon products and should dispose of them in their household trash .
Analyses of several samples of the topical antimicrobial skin sanitizer and skin protectant products revealed high levels of various bacteria .
Some of these bacteria can cause opportunistic infections of the skin and underlying tissues .
Such infections may need medical or surgical attention and may result in permanent damage , the FDA said .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Nestled in the rolling Somerset countryside and surrounded by 17 acres of meticulously kept gardens , Halswell House is the sort of quintessentially English retreat that would make an ideal backdrop for a romantic period drama .
It is also a perfect venue if you happen to be a member of a shady European party circle which indulges in the very un -English pastime of mass orgies .
Last weekend , employees at the 17th - century manor house , which is accustomed to hosting corporate dos and chocolate - box weddings for well - heeled clients , were left speechless when 350 masked guests stripped off at the stroke of midnight and engaged in group sex of bacchanalian proportions .
According to those who witnessed the spectacle , security guards gave up trying to persuade copulating couples to go to their rooms because almost every guest at the party was " otherwise engaged " with a fellow reveller .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Grahame Bond , the hotel 's multimillionaire owner , had hired his 30 - room house out for £ 9,000 to a Dutch company who planned to host a private party , charging guests £ 65 a ticket .
When a convoy of BMWs , Aston Martins and Porsches swept up the driveway on Saturday evening and disgorged their masked occupants , staff assumed they were dealing with a fabulously well - attired fancy - dress party .
But at the stroke of midnight , the atmosphere suddenly changed .
" We began the evening by serving the guests Kir Royals and the champagne flowed , " Mr Bond recalled yesterday .
" There was a man – the party organiser – telling guests in a loud voice that they were all under a spell .
Then , at the stroke of midnight , he told them that if they kissed a guest the spell would be broken .
I could n't believe my eyes .
It suddenly turned into a scene from Eyes Wide Shut . "
Wherever Mr Bond and his dumbfounded staff looked , they could see revellers indulging in group sex .
" Everywhere there were couples having sex , " he said .
" Over the banisters alone I counted four couples at it . "
Exclusive swinging parties have long been a staple for the debauched doyens of Mayfair , but locals from the nearby village of Goathurst were flabbergasted .
" My staff were astonished and it was n't long before word got out , " admitted Mr Bond , a property developer who acquired Halswell House in 2004 and has since spent more than £ 5 m renovating the building .
The Independent has discovered that the party was hosted by Little Sins , a Dutch company which specialises in throwing luxury swingers parties for Europe 's wealthy élite .
Known as an " Eyes Wide Sin " party , anyone attending must be over the age of 21 and men can only join if they are part of a couple .
The dress code is strictly monitored by a " doorbabe " , who makes sure that anyone attending the party has obeyed the sartorial requirements .
Once inside , pretty much anything goes .
A promotional video invites party - goers to a " temple of lust " in the British countryside and claims it is the first time that Little Sins has come to Britain .
The footage , taken from a previous party in a German castle , shows naked and masked couples cavorting to the sounds of thumping club music .
The mobile - phone number of the party organiser was not answered yesterday , but Mr Bond said the owner of Little Sins had told him that the British event had been particularly debauched .
Mr Bond said : " The chap who organised it told me that in Holland they are all rather used to these things , but because this does n't happen much in Britain he said the guests really went for it .
He certainly was n't wrong . "
The hotel 's owner insisted , however , that he had no inkling that an orgy had been planned .
" We were terribly naïve , " he said .
" The organisers were very polite and well - spoken .
Perhaps the alarm bells should have rung when they asked for a chill - out room filled with beds and silk sheets , but we thought they were going for a Moroccan feel and might want mint tea or something . "
The revellers did , however , call it a night at 3 am .
" We did n't have any trouble and everyone went to bed very quickly .
Most of them stayed in the hotel rooms but there were a few who got on a bus and stayed at the nearby Travelodge , " said Mr Bond .
There ’s a fair amount of twitching going on in the Middle East this week in advance of Barack Obama ’s address to the Islamic world in Cairo on Thursday .
Much of it has to do with the expectation that Obama will put some pressure on the Israelis to stop the expansion of illegal settlements on Palestinian territories .
The Netanyahu government is resisting such a step , arguing a technical point : that some of the settlements , especially those around Jerusalem , will remain in Israeli hands after any peace deal , and should be allowed some “ natural ” expansion .
Sorry , but that is an evasion and a bad faith evasion at that .
Settlements need to be frozen , no exceptions , right now .
Indeed , the need for natural expansion in some of these towns would , theoretically , put pressure on Israel to move with more alacrity toward a peace deal so that people who want to build on extra rooms or extra floors would be able to do so .
The fact is , Israel has to do much more than freeze settlements : it needs to dismantle them , and open up the West Bank roads exclusively used by Jewish settlers to Palestinian use ; and tear down the barrier wall in any locale that does n’t conform to the 1967 green line .
It certainly needs to send a clear message to the extremists who are rioting on the West Bank today , in support of their illegal outposts –that this sort of behavior will no longer be tolerated .
If Israel is going to demand–rightly –that the Palestinians control their terrorists , Israel is going to have to crack down on its own provocateurs .
Meanwhile , the Palestinians are proving themselves every bit as incapable of statehood as they have in the past , with Fatah and Hamas having battles over the weekend .
Although Israel–and , quite possibly , Egypt–would like to proceed with negotiations excluding Hamas , no peace , no Palestianian state , is possible without Hamas participation …and , as I ’ve written here in the past , the United States should be moving , informally at first , to talk to Hamas and see if we can mediate between the Palestinian factions in order to move the Israel - Palestinian negotiations in gear .
There is , of course , some fairly predictable bleating going among the winguts and American Likudniks about the “ failure ” of Obama ’s diplomatic initiatives .
But they ’ve barely started –and they will take time .
Finally , there was some very good news lower down in the Times piece :
In other developments on Sunday , the Israeli cabinet rejected a bill aimed at Israel ’s Arab minority that would have required a loyalty oath for citizenship .
This means the bill , championed by the Yisrael Beiteinu Party of Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman , has little chance of passing in the Israeli Parliament .
Lawmakers could still sponsor an independent bill on the issue , but it would not have the government ’s backing .
It ’s nice to know that there Lieberman remains , despite his participation in the government , an Israeli outlier .
Update : A few weeks ago , Marty Peretz of the New Republic wrote that my position on Israel was held merely to gain access to cocktail parties on the Upper West Side of Manhattan .
I ’ve had pretty much the same views for 30 years –you could look it up–and I ’ve never been particularly popular in those circles ( as Marty well knows , since he ’s published me about a dozen times over the past 25 years ) but it is part of the American Likudnik bully persona to find perjorative rationales for any Jews who dare oppose their extreme and dangerous positions .
But no matter : I hold Peretz in higher regard than he does me .
I assume he comes by his views honestly .
They are prohibitively creepy views : Israel always right , Arabs always subhuman .
And today he jumps into the settlement debate with this bit of wisdom :
But the idea of stopping all construction in all settlements means that once again the Israelis will be ceding something in advance and for nothing in return .
Wait a minute .
Israel is doing something illegal here .
It is taking territory that the rest of the world , without exception , considers Palestinian .
This is like saying that someone who steals your car is entitled to keep it unless you agree to give him something else .
The best thing to do when you ’re doing something illegal–unless additional thievery is on your mind–is to stop doing it .
Period .
by Andrew
In the latest release from those in the Bush administration and CIA who authorized and supported America 's torture of prisoners of war , we get the following story today in the Washington Post .
It details that Khaled Sheikh Mohammed gave up a wealth of information in the period after he was tortured by Cheney and Bush via the CIA .
It does not and cannot prove that his information could not have been procured by legal or ethical interrogation methods .
But what is interesting to me is the Washington Post 's editorial and institutional position in favor of not calling waterboarding and sleep deprivation what they have always been called in every court of law and every society including the US in recent times : torture .
They refuse to use the word " torture " for an act that is memorialized in Cambodia 's museum of torture .
That 's how deeply the Washington Post is enmeshed in the pro-torture forces in Washington .
The refusal to use this word is a clear , political act by the Post in defense of the Bush administration 's torture and abuse policies .
It places the Washington Post as an adjunct to the Bush - Cheney policy of torturing thousands of prisoners across every theater of war and across the globe .
For example , here 's a classic couple of sentences where you have to strain to avoid the t-word :
Over a few weeks , he was subjected to an escalating series of coercive methods , culminating in 7 1/2 days of sleep deprivation , while diapered and shackled , and 183 instances of waterboarding .
After the month - long torment , he was never waterboarded again .
" Coercive methods " .
" Torment " .
Notice something missing ?
Now read the piece stripped of its Orwellian newspeak :
Over a few weeks , he was subjected to an escalating series of brutal torture sessions - he was shackled naked to maintain a stress position for a month , the shackles cutting into his wrists and forcing his feet to swell painfully , culminating in 7 1 / 2 days of sleep deprivation , subjected to days and nights of loud noise and bright lights , while diapered and shackled , and 183 instances of waterboarding .
After the month - long torture , he was not waterboarded again .
Now just imagine that we heard news that the soldier still captured by the Taliban in Afghanistan - mysteriously absent from the media since he went AWOL - had been subjected to these techniques .
Do you believe that the Washington Post would not use the word " torture " to describe them ?
Of course they would .
They have described John McCain 's experience in Vietnam as torture , and yet what he endured was nothing like as brutal as what was done to KSM .
Now check out the macho swaggering of Reuel Marc Berecht in the WSJ today , and Cheney 's grandstanding on Fox tomorrow , and you see what the hard right , which now includes the Washington Post ( having purged their only opinion columnist prepared to speak truth to torture power , Dan Froomkin ) , is doing .
Let 's say you came into the ownership of a certain box that , when opened , kills anyone who looks inside .
How long would you be able to hold onto it before opening that bad boy up ?
For one of Professor Layton 's colleagues , the answer is simple : not long .
It would be a short game if he did n't die , but sadly the Elysian box goes missing and it begins to look like foul play is involved .
It 's a surprisingly solid set - up for what could have been little more than a collection of puzzles , but that 's why the Professor Layton games work so well .
Welcome to Professor Layton and the Diabolical Box .
Why simply release a collection of touchscreen - based puzzles and mind teasers when you can tie their completion into a mystery ?
Why create a simple mystery when you can surround it with beautifully conceived graphics and sounds ?
If you do n't like puzzles , this still is n't the game for you .
If you 're intrigued by the possibility of a game that thinks outside of the proverbial and literal box , however , this is pure heaven .
Title Professor Layton and the Diabolical Box Developer Level 5 Publisher Nintendo Price $ 29.99 Shop.ars Platform Nintendo DS
Professor Layton and the Diabolical Box offers a larger - scale experience than the previous game in the series , the Curious Village .
The first game made more sense in that you operated in a village where puzzles worked like currency , but now the game does n't try to explain why puzzles stop you at every turn , it just offers them for you to solve .
Since gaming offers you harder pills to swallow than this with some regularity , the internal logic here is n't distracting .
For certain personality types , spending time in the world of Layton is going to be a wonderful time sink .
The game moves at a slower pace than many titles , you 'll meet and speak to many interesting characters while moving around the settings and trying to solve the mysteries of the Elysian Box , and you 'll be constantly confronted with puzzles .
There are over 150 in the game , and they involve numbers , logic , maps , doodles , and everything else you can imagine .
You 'll have seen many of the ideas behind many of the puzzles before , but the sheer variety and quality of the puzzles will keep your interest ; there is something to be said for a game where you 're never quite sure how you 'll need to twist your brain to get to the next answer .
For such a genteel title , with a Professor who often gives you tips on being , in fact , a gentlemen , there is a surprising amount of anticipation about arriving at the next puzzle just to see what you 'll be asked to do .
Some puzzles you 'll solve quickly , others will take you a few minutes , and the harder ones — worth more points , called Picarats — could have you thinking for a long time , making notes on the screen with the memo feature .
You do feel like you 're doing something constructive with your mind while playing , and you 're given a delightful story with twists and turns to keep you interested .
You 'll also find hint coins by tapping on the screen as you move around your environments , and you can use these to get , you guessed it , hints to puzzles that may be giving you problems .
There is more to collect and play with , including an odd side - quest involving a chubby hamster and a tea - brewing challenge , and the whole thing is set up to keep you involved and playing .
While not much has changed since the first game , the new side - quests and story are much more interesting this go - around , and besides , the first game was great .
You can play Professor Layton and the Diabolical Box for an entire afternoon with a nice cup of tea , or you can take a crack at a puzzle or two for ten minutes before you go to sleep .
In many ways it feels like curling up with a good book , and that 's not a bad feeling coming from your Nintendo DS now , is it ?
Verdict : Buy
Stefanie Posavec and Miriam Quick have a new book out called I am a book .
I am a portal to the universe .
I ’m different to any other book around today .
I am not a book of infographics .
I ’m an informative , interactive experience , in which the data can be touched , felt and understood , with every measurement represented on a 1:1 scale .
How long is an anteater ’s tongue ?
How tiny is the DNA in your cells ?
How fast is gold mined ?
How loud is the sun ?
And how many stars have been born and exploded in the time you ’ve taken to read this sentence ?
Using all the elements that make a book , well , a book in a completely original way , I blend playful design and data storytelling to introduce scientific concepts to a broad , all - ages readership .
Instead of using traditional visual encodings , Posavec and Quick use the actual pages of the book — the physical weight , dimensions , and texture — to represent data .
You ’re invited to drop the book to test gravity , snap the cover shut to hear a measure in decibels , and to run your finger across the pages as a proxy for time and distance .
A fun one for the kids and the adults .
I ’m sure it ’ll make its way over to the US , but it looks like you can get the UK edition in a roundabout way via Amazon .
Or , if you ’re in Europe , you can go direct to the source .
What 's For School Lunch ?
Various school lunches from around the world .
School lunch does n't really represent the best a country has to offer , but we still love it , because we grew up on it .
Jared Paul Stern , appropriately , identifies the World 's Richest Asshole .
It 's not Ron Burkle .
To be sure there 's plenty of competition for that title , but we think Germany 's Prince Marcus von Anhalt ( above ) has a pretty clear shot at it .
Born Marcus Eberhardt in 1969 , he started out as a butcher , went into the brothel business , did some time for tax evasion and human trafficking , then bought himself a title ( from Zsa Zsa Gabor 's husband ) : Prinz von Anhalt , Herzog zu Sachsen und Westfalen , Graf von Askanien .
Now the SOB 's latest stunt is driving around in this Rolls - Royce Phantom Drophead Coupe covered in a Louis Vuitton multicolored monogram print .
Last year lobster boy started the Royal Race - he likes to think he 's royalty - a sort of Gumball 3000 - style exotic auto rally for equally egregious eurotrash .
He claims to be a millionaire " in the three digit range " , says he owns 20 brothels and 26 cars , has a portfolio of luxury real estate in Los Angeles , Fort Lauderdale , Germany , Switzerland , Dubai and Monaco , and to claims to have a retinue of 12 bodyguards and 25 servants .
Can the International Criminal Court please indict this douchebag for crimes against taste , nature and the fairer sex ?
Today I had the opportunity to testify before the Senate Budget Committee about CBO ’s most recent analysis of the long - term budget outlook .
Under current law , the federal budget is on an unsustainable path , because federal debt will continue to grow much faster than the economy over the long run .
Although great uncertainty surrounds long - term fiscal projections , rising costs for health care and the aging of the population will cause federal spending to increase rapidly under any plausible scenario for current law .
Unless revenues increase just as rapidly , the rise in spending will produce growing budget deficits .
Large budget deficits would reduce national saving , leading to more borrowing from abroad and less domestic investment , which in turn would depress economic growth in the United States .
Over time , accumulating debt would cause substantial harm to the economy .
The following chart shows our projection of federal debt relative to GDP under the two scenarios we modeled .
Federal Debt Held by the Public Under CBO ’s Long - Term Budget Scenarios ( Percentage of GDP )
Keeping deficits and debt from reaching these levels would require increasing revenues significantly as a share of GDP , decreasing projected spending sharply , or some combination of the two .
Measured relative to GDP , almost all of the projected growth in federal spending other than interest payments on the debt stems from the three largest entitlement programs —
Medicare , Medicaid , and Social Security .
For decades , spending on Medicare and Medicaid has been growing faster than the economy .
CBO projects that if current laws do not change , federal spending on Medicare and Medicaid combined will grow from roughly 5 percent of GDP today to almost 10 percent by 2035 .
By 2080 , the government would be spending almost as much , as a share of the economy , on just its two major health care programs as it has spent on all of its programs and services in recent years .
In CBO ’s estimates , the increase in spending for Medicare and Medicaid will account for 80 percent of spending increases for the three entitlement programs between now and 2035 and 90 percent of spending growth between now and 2080 .
Thus , reducing overall government spending relative to what would occur under current fiscal policy would require fundamental changes in the trajectory of federal health spending .
Slowing the growth rate of outlays for Medicare and Medicaid is the central long - term challenge for fiscal policy .
Under current law , spending on Social Security is also projected to rise over time as a share of GDP , but much less sharply .
CBO projects that Social Security spending will increase from less than 5 percent of GDP today to about 6 percent in 2035 and then roughly stabilize at that level .
Meanwhile , as depicted below , government spending on all activities other than Medicare , Medicaid , Social Security , and interest on federal debt — a broad category that includes national defense and a wide variety of domestic programs — is projected to decline or stay roughly stable as a share of GDP in future decades .
Spending Other Than That for Medicare , Medicaid , Social Security , and Net Interest , 1962 to 2080 ( Percentage of GDP )
Federal spending on Medicare , Medicaid , and Social Security will grow relative to the economy both because health care spending per beneficiary is projected to increase and because the population is aging .
As shown in the figure below , between now and 2035 , aging is projected to make the larger contribution to the growth of spending for those three programs as a share of GDP .
After 2035 , continued increases in health care spending per beneficiary are projected to dominate the growth in spending for the three programs .
Factors Explaining Future Federal Spending on Medicare , Medicaid , and Social Security ( Percentage of GDP )
The current recession and policy responses have little effect on long - term projections of noninterest spending and revenues .
But CBO estimates that in fiscal years 2009 and 2010 , the federal government will record its largest budget deficits as a share of GDP since shortly after World War II .
As a result of those deficits , federal debt held by the public will soar from 41 percent of GDP at the end of fiscal year 2008 to 60 percent at the end of fiscal year 2010 .
This higher debt results in permanently higher spending to pay interest on that debt .
Federal interest payments already amount to more than 1 percent of GDP ; unless current law changes , that share would rise to 2.5 percent by 2020 .
( This was originally posted at the CBO Director 's blog )
2009 Sea Ice Outlook Summary Reports Available
Study of Environmental Arctic Change ( SEARCH )
For more information , see :
http://www.arcus.org/search/seaiceoutlook/index.php
“ Omit needless words . ” – William Strunk Jr. , The Elements of Style
While minimalist aesthetics and products and the minimalist lifestyle appeals to a lot of people , they find it easier to like it than to live it .
Minimalism is something people might strive for , but they do n’t know where to start .
I ’d start with the advice of William Strunk Jr. in his classic minimalist treatise on writing ( quoted above ) , but apply it to life in general , and everything you do : “ Omit needless things . ”
I could ( and probably should ) stop writing there , because that ’s really all the advice you need .
However , the idea needs a little expanding .
Strunk , for example , wrote :
“ A sentence should contain no unnecessary words , a paragraph no unnecessary sentences , for the same reason that a drawing should have no unnecessary lines and a machine no unnecessary parts .
This requires not that the writer make all his sentences short , or that he avoid all detail and treat his subjects only in outline , but that every word tell . ”
This is the addition to “ Omit needless things ” that is necessary : not that you have as little as humanly possible , but that every thing you do have counts .
Let ’s apply this to various areas of life :
Possessions : Look around you , at work and home .
Is everything you own important ?
Can you get rid of things , and keep only the things that really matter ?
Edit vigorously , until you ’ve whittled it down to the minimum for the life you want to lead .
Read : A Guide to Creating a Minimalist Home .
: Look around you , at work and home .
Is everything you own important ?
Can you get rid of things , and keep only the things that really matter ?
Edit vigorously , until you ’ve whittled it down to the minimum for the life you want to lead .
Read : A Guide to Creating a Minimalist Home .
Buying :
It ’s a waste of time to reduce your possessions if you just buy a bunch more .
What ’s important is being content with life , not stuff , and thereby reducing your needs .
If you do n’t use buying to fulfill your needs , you ’ll only really buy what you need .
Or maybe you ’ll be able to go without money .
: It ’s a waste of time to reduce your possessions if you just buy a bunch more .
What ’s important is being content with life , not stuff , and thereby reducing your needs .
If you do n’t use buying to fulfill your needs , you ’ll only really buy what you need .
Or maybe you ’ll be able to go without money .
Eating :
How much do you really need to eat ?
Do you need the big plate of chili cheese fries ?
The fully loaded nachos ?
All those slices of cakes ?
All those cream - filled sugary coffees ?
Often the answer is no .
Omit needless food , and make everything you eat count — by making your food nutrient - dense , fiber - dense , healthy and filling .
: How much do you really need to eat ?
Do you need the big plate of chili cheese fries ?
The fully loaded nachos ?
All those slices of cakes ?
All those cream - filled sugary coffees ?
Often the answer is no .
Omit needless food , and make everything you eat count — by making your food nutrient - dense , fiber - dense , healthy and filling .
Doing :
Do less .
Make everything you do count .
Look at your to - do list and see what ’s really important .
In fact , examine your work life in general and see whether you ’re really making every day count .
Omit needless activity .
: Do less .
Make everything you do count .
Look at your to - do list and see what ’s really important .
In fact , examine your work life in general and see whether you ’re really making every day count .
Omit needless activity .
Goals :
Do we really need 101 goals ?
Can we do with just a few , or even one ?
By focusing on less , you can really pour yourself into it .
: Do we really need 101 goals ?
Can we do with just a few , or even one ?
By focusing on less , you can really pour yourself into it .
What you produce :
If you produce something , whether it ’s writing or music or software or clothing , see if you can simplify and keep it more focused .
If you create a website , can you give it one single purpose , with one call to action ?
Can you do that with your writing or music ?
Figure out what that purpose is , and edit ruthlessly so that everything that remains counts .
: If you produce something , whether it ’s writing or music or software or clothing , see if you can simplify and keep it more focused .
If you create a website , can you give it one single purpose , with one call to action ?
Can you do that with your writing or music ?
Figure out what that purpose is , and edit ruthlessly so that everything that remains counts .
The rest of life :
In anything you do , see if you can apply these principles .
There ’s no need to get obsessive about it , of course , but it ’s always useful to examine what we do , how we do it , and whether we really need to do it .
If you ’d like some irony , here are a few blogs I ’ve been enjoying , for those who want more minimalism :
1964 Pontiac GTO
In 1964 , Pontiac offered the first true muscle car as a racy options package on its unremarkable Tempest .
For a couple hundred dollars extra , you could get a full - size V - 8 engine and a European nickname that engineer John DeLorean borrowed from Ferrari : GTO , short for .
The car that inspired " Little GTO " by Ronny and the Daytonas had signature hood scoops and a high - performance engine .
The GTO was revived in 2004 , manufactured in Australia , but had disappointing sales and production was halted in 2006 .
Another high - powered , Australian - made Pontiac , the G8 , has been well - reviewed -- but with GM scrapping the Pontiac nameplate , the original home of the muscle car will produce no more .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The federal minimum wage is set to increase later this month as the job market shows signs of further decay .
The federal minimum wage will go to $ 7.25 an hour on July 24 from its current level of $ 6.55 , according to the U.S. Department of Labor .
The impact will be felt in 29 states , and many of them plan to match the federal minimum when it goes through .
Seven states already have laws mandating $ 7.25 minimum pay , while 14 states and Washington , D.C. , exceed the new minimum .
Employers are required to pay whichever is the highest : Federal or state .
Last July , the wage floor was raised from $ 5.85 per hour .
The increases were mandated by a bill passed by Congress in 2007 , when the minimum was $ 5.15 an hour , where it had stayed for years .
But the next increase is set to occur as the job market is reeling under high unemployment and ongoing payroll cuts .
Unemployment has increased for nine months straight , achieving a 26 - year high of 9.5 % in June , according to the Labor Department .
Also in June , the U.S. job market shed 467,000 jobs , compared to a loss of 322,000 jobs the month before .
Altogether , the U.S. economy has lost nearly 3.4 million jobs in the first half of 2009 , which is more than the 3.1 million lost during all of 2008 .
Many workers have taken jobs that pay far below what they 're used to .
Other people have given up looking .
The number of people who have been unemployed for more than six months has reached nearly 4.4 million , meaning that benefits for some of the unemployed have expired .
John Lonski , chief economist for Moody 's Investors Service , said the hike in the minimum wage is " going against the grain " of the economy , and that the job market might not be able to absorb the mandated increase .
" You wonder if this might be a little too much for certain employers to shoulder , especially in a time that 's been marked by a decline in business sales , " said Lonski .
" This might actually delay the return of job growth . "
The minimum wage increase will be felt most acutely by employers at restaurants , especially fast food , and also the hard - hit retail sector , according to Lonski .
" We 've seen a loss of jobs in retailing , and this latest hike in the minimum wage will add to the difficulty of stabilizing employment in industries that are dependent on lesser paid workers , " he said .
Advocates for low wage workers believe that a higher minimum wage is a step in the right direction , even though for many people it 's barely enough to survive on .
At $ 7.25 an hour , a full - time worker earns $ 15,080 .
At the nationwide work week average of 33 hours , the worker would earn $ 12,441 .
The U.S. government sets the poverty level at $ 10,830 for one person or $ 22,050 for a family of four in the lower 48 states and D.C.
A worker who is above the poverty level would not be eligible for certain welfare - related assistance .
" For a family to survive on $ 22,000 , it 's impossible , " said Matt Goldberg , a staff attorney at the Legal Aid Center - Employment Law Center , an organization that advocates for low income workers .
" A minimum wage job might technically keep you above the poverty line .
But the practical reality is that anyone trying to survive on minimum wage is in real , real dire straights . "
Goldberg said that San Francisco , where his organization is based , imposes its own minimum wage , of $ 9.79 an hour .
Higher wages increase worker productivity , reduce costly turnover and reduce dependence on government assistance , Goldberg said .
" A lot of people who are minimum wage earners are taking advantage of different kinds of public assistance , " said Goldberg .
" Raising those wages at the low end of the pay scale will help keep those workers off the various welfare programs .
Out of work ?
Looking for qualified employees ?
Start networking now .
Join Hired ! on Facebook .
Flanked by hand - drawn posters about terrorist groups , including Al Qaeda and the Ku Klux Klan , Tina Edler solemnly addressed her ninth - grade students .
“ One new vocabulary word today is ‘ agro - terrorism , ’ ” she said .
The meaning -- deliberate sabotage of agriculture or food supplies -- flashed on a screen behind her .
Opening their school - issued laptops , the teens quickly found a possible example on the Internet .
In 1989 , a group calling itself the Breeders hit headlines when it threatened to release thousands of crop-killing Mediterranean fruit flies in Southern California unless the government halted aerial pesticide spraying .
The spraying continued , and scientists never could determine whether the group played a role in the Medfly infestation that year .
Its members were never identified .
Advertisement
“ That counts , ” Edler said .
“ It ’s part of history . ”
Meade High School , where Edler teaches , made its own history this year .
The long - troubled public high school become one of the first in the nation to offer a four - year course in domestic security .
The goal : to help graduates build careers in one of America ’s few growth industries .
“ This course will help me get a top - secret security clearance , ” said Darryl Bagley , an eager 15 - year - old .
“ That way I can always get a job . ”
Meade offers its 2,150 students a standard high school curriculum , including electives like advanced calculus and carpentry .
But the 90 ninth - graders who chose the new homeland security program this last school year focused on topics torn from the headlines : Islamic jihadism , nuclear arms , cyber- crime , domestic militias and the like .
Advertisement
New themes even were added to their science , social studies and English classes .
“ There ’s a lot of homeland security issues in ‘ Romeo and Juliet , ’ ” said Bill Sheppard , the program coordinator .
“ Like , how do you deal with infiltration in your own family ? ”
After two years , the students can choose a related career track -- like law , public service or engineering -- to prepare for college or a job .
--
Advertisement
Joppatowne High School in northern Maryland started a similar program in 2007 .
And two more schools , one near Baltimore and the other in the state ’s western panhandle , will follow next fall , said state education department spokesman Bill Reinhard .
Schools in other states , including California , are watching closely .
So are critics .
Mother Jones , the liberal magazine , has slammed Joppatowne High as a “ black ops jungle ” that is “ dedicated to churning out would - be Jack Bauers . ”
It warned of a “ troubling landmark ” in public education .
But Jonathan Zimmerman , a New York University professor who studies the politics of education , said the courses were “ a wonderful idea as long as they educate the kids and do n’t indoctrinate them .
That ’s the only danger . ”
Leah Skica , a science teacher who heads the Joppatowne program , said the curriculum presented an opportunity .
Her school is near two Army facilities : the Aberdeen Proving Ground , a test site for munitions and equipment , and the Edgewood Chemical Biological Center .
Advertisement
“ High schools focus on traditional careers , ” she said .
“ We wanted to introduce students to what ’s going on in our local area , whether it ’s engineering for homeland security , computer security , or chemical and biological research . ”
That thinking already has swept higher education .
Since the Sept. 11 attacks , about 320 colleges and universities have begun awarding graduate or postgraduate certificates or degrees in emergency management , bio - defense and other security - related fields .
Federal grants and a steady growth in jobs have driven the surge .
“ It ’s the fastest - growing field in academia , ” said Stan Supinski , who tracks education issues at the Center for Homeland Defense and Security at the Naval Postgraduate School in Monterey .
High schools , he said , “ may be the next trend . ”
Advertisement
Meade hardly seems a cutting - edge school .
About 15 miles south of Baltimore , it has struggled for years with low test scores , high dropout rates and a history of racial violence .
A third of the students come from impoverished families .
“ In the past , if you read an article about Meade High School , it would have been about something bad happening , ” said Claire Louder , head of the Chamber of Commerce of West Anne Arundel County , where Meade is located .
“ It had a very questionable reputation . ”
County officials and Meade ’s energetic principal , Daryl Kennedy , were determined to improve the school ’s standing .
Programs already catered to high - achieving students and to those at risk of failure .
They decided to excite what Kennedy called “ average B students ” in the middle .
“ Homeland security was the obvious fit for us , ” Kennedy said .
“ It ’s in our backyard . ”
Advertisement
The school lies just inside the Army ’s Ft. George G. Meade , which has about 35,000 employees .
A majority work at the National Security Agency , which eavesdrops on global communications and is America ’s largest intelligence organization .
Defense companies dot nearby hickory and oak forests .
And more jobs are coming .
Under plans announced in 2005 , the Pentagon will shut or shrink dozens of military bases across the country and transfer thousands of families to the Ft. Meade area over the next two years .
--
The school began designing the program in 2006 .
Sheppard , a genial , white - haired English teacher , was put in charge .
Edler was hired as lead teacher .
Advertisement
Now 31 and “ a little overzealous , ” as she puts it , Edler has masters degrees in human resource management and business administration and has completed course work this year for a college certificate in homeland security .
Creating a syllabus was the first challenge .
No one has published a high school textbook on domestic security .
“ We were stabbing in the dark on the curriculum , ” Sheppard said .
They appealed for help from parents , local businesses , Ft. Meade officials and other federal and state agencies .
Col. Daniel Thomas , Ft. Meade ’s base commander , was skeptical at first .
“ It seemed like homeland security was so vague ; it was about everything , ” he said .
“ I said , ‘ Let ’s make this something real .
With all the resources at my fingertips , I can fill your entire curriculum . ’ ”
Advertisement
For example , he arranged for students to watch emergency response drills for a chemical weapons attack and a school shooting .
“ Law enforcement , computer security , response to chemical and biological hazards , the study of intelligence applications , we could help with all that , ” he said .
Other groups pitched in as well .
Students went on at least eight field trips during the year , including to a busy Coast Guard station in Baltimore and the Marine base in Quantico , Va. Speakers from the FBI and the Food and Drug Administration came to class .
A retired combat artist dropped in to discuss his work .
“ The reason it works is it ’s not just textbooks , ” said Carol Strudwick - Miller , secretary of the school ’s PTA .
“ They ’re getting out in the field .
They ’re seeing things in the real world .
The parents love it .
So do the kids . ”
Advertisement
Shantelle Gordon , 14 , had heard of the FBI before taking the class .
“ Now I know the NSA , TSA , EPA and FDA , ” she said proudly , reeling off acronyms of federal agencies like a practiced bureaucrat .
Terrence Frye , 14 , marveled at being in the program at all .
“ I ’ve never been the first to do anything before , ” he said shyly .
Several students will intern this summer at a Pentagon agency at Ft. Meade that runs information technology and communications support .
Others will go to a “ CSI camp ” taught by an Army criminal investigator .
At least one student found a slot at NASA ’s nearby Goddard Space Flight Center .
Regal Decision Systems Inc. , a technology company , helped students collect data and run simulation software to design a new emergency evacuation plan for the school .
President Joe Borkoski Jr. became a huge fan .
Advertisement
“ These kids think outside the box , ” he said .
“ They do n’t even know what the box is . ”
Edler ’s classroom is on the lower level , near the woodworking shop .
One corner has armchairs , another a table covered with military and intelligence magazines .
The walls are lined with students ’ posters that compare extremist groups at home and abroad .
One traces Hezbollah , a Lebanese Shiite militant group , and the Militia of Montana , which is run by white supremacists .
Others look at domestic groups that have attacked abortion clinics , animal testing labs and other targets .
Edler said she tried to inform her students , not scare them .
But she does n’t shy away from controversial topics .
Advertisement
Students discussed how the CIA used waterboarding -- which simulates drowning and which critics call torture -- hundreds of times during interrogations of detainees .
Classes also debated the cost to society of the NSA ’s wiretapping Americans without seeking court warrants .
“ The more security you have , the less freedom you have , ” said Alonzo Abraham , 14 .
“ We need a balance . ”
--
Most of this year ’s students have signed up for the advanced course next fall .
An additional 106 teens have enrolled for the introductory class , which will be open to all grades .
Advertisement
More teachers will be hired and more courses are planned , including Arabic and Chinese language instruction .
“ We will expand from year to year , ” Sheppard said .
“ We want to give everyone in the school a chance to at least taste the program . ”
That ’s fine with Arrevia Whitlow , a registered nurse who has two sons in Edler ’s domestic security class .
Whitlow said she “ fought and fought and fought for my kids not to go Meade .
I thought it would be all fighting and guns there .
I heard the teachers were substandard .
I wrote letters to the board and did everything I could .
And I lost . ”
Advertisement
A year later , her eldest son , Mikal , wants to study aerospace engineering .
Jordan , who is more artistic , is considering computer animation .
Both lined up summer internships and recently met with their congressman , Democratic Rep. Elijah E. Cummings .
Whitlow said she persuaded her husband to turn down a job transfer until her sons graduate .
“ I did n’t want them to go to Meade High School , ” she said .
“ Now I do n’t want them to leave .
Is n’t that something ? ”
--
Advertisement
bob.drogin@latimes.com
OPEN LETTER TO THE PRESIDENT
July 28 , 2009
Dearest President Obama ,
I am truly saddened to be writing you with such disappointment in my heart .
Initially , you gave me such hope ... and yet I continue to be shocked with the part you 're playing in perpetuating the corruption of our government .
The people asked for an end to war , and yet you increased troops in Afghanistan .
We asked for economic responsibility , and yet you gave the elite and richest of this country bailouts that have had ZERO trickle down impact ( rather the opposite ! ) .
The people asked for better education , and yet teachers just took a cut in pay because we have more administrators .
The people are hurting now , more than ever .
I see your work with serve.gov and health - care reform , and these are notable efforts that I applaud .
However , I ask you to distance yourself from your advisers that have been immersed in government so many years , as their voices are not those of the people .
Please give me that hope again .
I cried tears of joy on the day of your inauguration .
Yes , we still can .
Respectfully ,
~ Emily Richards
Tactical High - Energy Laser ( THEL ) has shot down an arsenal of aerial targets in live tests , however they cannot maintain lengthy operation .
( Image : Northrop Grumman )
HIGH -ENERGY laser weapons have been hailed as the future of anti-missile defence , but they may be further from being battle - ready than military chiefs hoped .
In recent tests , several prototypes have suffered serious damage to their optics at intensities well below the expected levels of tolerance .
“ Optical damage has been quietly alarming upper management in most major programmes , ” Sean Ross of the US Air Force Research Laboratory in New Mexico told a meeting of the Directed Energy …
Oblivion : Video Game Promoting WITCHCRAFT , SATANISM , & POLYTHEISM - 06-18-2009 , 07:15 AM
06-18-2009 , 07:15 AM
It has come to my attention that the Satanic Cults which plague this country are using video games yet again as a tool to recruit young , impressionable children into their world of sin and rebellion against Our One True Lord Jesus Christ .
I visited my niece in Los Angeles the other day , and she is the type of false Christian that thinks you can pick and choose what you want from the Bible like it's the Salad Bar at Sizzler .
It turns out her teenage son is playing a game on his computer called Elder Scrolls IV : Oblivion .
After watching him play this game for an hour , I was appalled , no , downright shocked at what the content of this game provides .
Here is a little summary of what I witnessed with very eyes ...
It is a " Role - Playing Game " for the computer , very similar to the well - known Satanic Dungeons & Dragons .
You can pick various " races " for your character , including several demonic looking characters called " elves " .
With their pointed ears and eerie non-human appearances , it allows children to pretend they are a demon themselves .
The game is chockful of blasphemous magic and witchcraft .
The player is able to perform a variety of spells such as hurling fire from one 's hands , turning oneself invisible , forcing others ' against their will to obey and listen to the character , and conjuring up demons from Hell to fight for the player .
In fact , magic and witchcraft are a major part of the game and it's difficult to play the game without resorting to these Satanic means .
The game makes no mention of God or Jesus Christ , instead it pushes a mythology of " Nine gods " .
You can go to heretical chapels and actually pray to these gods in this game and they heal you !
There is a realm called " Oblivion " which is definitely just Hell with a different name .
You are required to go through this Hell environment during the game .
Thieving and stealing are promoted in the game .
You are allowed to pickpocket other people and steal possessions .
One questline of the game actually REWARDS the player for this sinful behavior !
You can do quests for these demons called " Daedra " .
By doing these quests , these demons reward you .
This tells our children that by serving demons they will get rewarded .
Alcohol in the form of beer , wine , and brandy is available to the player and can be drunk .
This game promotes astrology .
Upon creating a character , you are forced to choose a " birthsign " .
More occult ideas pushed upon the impressionable player .
There are vampires in the game and a few of them are portrayed as " good guys " .
This is just what I gathered watching my grandnephew play this game , and there 's no telling what more is embedded in this despicable video game .
Personally , I 've seen enough !
There is so much witchcraft , magic , satanism , polytheism , and blasphemy in this game , it could easily turn a good Christian child away from God .
We all know the effects of video games .
It is well - understood that playing that demon - worshipping game " Doom " caused those two kids , Dylan Klebold and Eric Harris to do the Columbine shootings .
Yet , a game like Doom only had a handful what Elder Scrolls IV : Oblivion offers .
What kind of unimaginable crimes will come out of impressionable teenagers playing this game ?
Or , even there is no violent effects from it , how many children will be led away from Jesus Christ and accept Satanism as their religion ?
This video game needs to be taken off the shelves of every store right now .
It is harmful and a cancer on society .
Every parent out there reading this needs to call up their local store which sells this vile Satanic propoganda tool and demand this " game " be banned .
You owe it to yourself as a Christian , and most importantly .... you owe it to your child .
Thank you and God Bless ,
Yours in Christ ,
Rev. Jim Osborne
PS - Enclosed is a screen shot of this Satanic game .
Greetings brothers and sisters in Christ , It has come to my attention that the Satanic Cults which plague this country are using video games yet again as a tool to recruit young , impressionable children into their world of sin and rebellion against Our One True Lord Jesus Christ .
I visited my niece in Los Angeles the other day , and she is the type of false Christian that thinks you can pick and choose what you want from the Bible like it's the Salad Bar at Sizzler .
It turns out her teenage son is playing a game on his computer called After watching him play this game for an hour , I was appalled , no , downright shocked at what the content of this game provides .
Here is a little summary of what I witnessed with very eyes ... This is just what I gathered watching my grandnephew play this game , and there 's no telling what more is embedded in this despicable video game .
Personally , I 've seen enough !
There is so much witchcraft , magic , satanism , polytheism , and blasphemy in this game , it could easily turn a good Christian child away from God .
We all know the effects of video games .
It is well - understood that playing that demon - worshipping game " Doom " caused those two kids , Dylan Klebold and Eric Harris to do the Columbine shootings .
Yet , a game like Doom only had a handful what Elder Scrolls IV : Oblivion offers .
What kind of unimaginable crimes will come out of impressionable teenagers playing this game ?
Or , even there is no violent effects from it , how many children will be led away from Jesus Christ and accept Satanism as their religion ?
This video game needs to be taken off the shelves of every store right now .
It is harmful and a cancer on society .
Every parent out there reading this needs to call up their local store which sells this vile Satanic propoganda tool and demand this " game " be banned .
You owe it to yourself as a Christian , and most importantly .... you owe it to your child .
Thank you and God Bless , Yours in Christ , Rev. Jim OsbornePS - Enclosed is a screen shot of this Satanic game .
Attached Images
Watch the # 1 Televangelist Gospel Hour in the World !
" Turn or Burn : Accept Christ or Go to Hell with Rev. Jim Osborne . "
Check your local cable listings .
Saving Whores in Vegas : My Evangelical Mission
Fight Porn ! Join G.A.P.E. today !
Ghost Hunters Spread Witchcraft and Devil Worship !
My Personal Story
GUWAHATI , India ( Reuters ) - India ’s security forces are planning to mix one of the world ’s hottest chilli powders in hand grenades to control riots and during insurgency operations in the remote northeast , a defense official said on Thursday .
India ’s defense scientists say they will replace explosives in small hand grenades with a certain variety of red chilli to immobilize a person without killing him .
“ We are working on a project on how to use the hottest chilli in different applications in defense forces , ” said R.B. Srivastava , a senior scientist at the state - run Defense Research and Development Organization ( DRDO ) .
Scientists said the chilli found in the country ’s northeast generates so much heat it was enough to startle a person for a while when used as a weapon .
The bhut jolokia chilli is said to generate 1,000,000 heat units on the Scoville scale -- a measure of hotness -- at least a thousand times more than a common kitchen chilli .
The Scoville scale was named after American scientist Wilbur Scoville , the first to measure the heat component in chillies .
The chilli will also be used as a food supplement for soldiers deployed in cold weather conditions to raise their body temperatures , Srivastava said .
Scientists are also hoping to use a coat of the chilli powder in fences around army barracks as its pungent smell keeps wild animals away .
Pepper spray , which contains a chemical derived from peppers , is another commonly used riot control agent in many parts of the world .
Criticized for failing to challenge the intelligence operations of the Bush administration , key lawmakers have endorsed a bill that would force the president to make fuller disclosure of covert spy programs .
The legislation approved by the House Intelligence Committee late Thursday would eliminate the president ’s ability to keep classified operations secret from any member of the panel , according to Democrats who described the provision .
The measure was included in a broad intelligence spending bill that also would expand funding for spy agencies and require the CIA to videotape its interrogations of terrorism suspects .
Democrats described the measure as an important effort to bolster congressional oversight of intelligence activities .
Rep. Silvestre Reyes ( D - Texas ) , chairman of the intelligence panel , said the bill would “ have wide - ranging consequences for the way the committee conducts its business . ”
But Republicans voted against the measure .
Advertisement
Rep. Peter Hoekstra of Michigan , the ranking Republican on the panel , said he favored a proposal last year that would have allowed the president to restrict briefings on sensitive topics with the permission of the top Democrat and Republican on the committee .
The debate centers on the controversial practice of restricting intelligence briefings to the “ Gang of Eight , ” a group that includes the party leaders of the House and Senate , as well as the ranking Democrat and Republican on each intelligence committee .
The language adopted by the House committee Thursday would strike a provision in the nation ’s main intelligence statute that allows restricted briefings .
Instead , the president would be obligated to inform all 15 members of the Senate Intelligence Committee , as well as their 22 counterparts in the House .
Advertisement
The bill calls for the committee to draft procedures that would allow restricted briefings under special circumstances .
“ If this provision becomes law , Gang of Eight briefings will either be eliminated or very much restricted , ” said a Democratic congressional aide familiar with the legislation .
The measure has yet to be considered by the full House .
Lawmakers complained bitterly that the Bush administration routinely withheld information from members as a way of reducing their ability to scrutinize or challenge controversial programs , including CIA interrogations and electronic surveillance of U.S. citizens .
Even so , records indicate that lawmakers who were informed of controversial operations raised few objections .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - San Francisco ) was accused of hypocrisy by Republicans this year for criticizing the CIA ’s interrogation methods , even though she appears to have done little to intervene after she was briefed on aspects of the program in 2002 .
Advertisement
--
greg.miller@latimes.com
A safer laser weapon could help troops stop drivers at checkpoints without “ friendly fire ” incidents ( Image : DAVID FURST / AFP / Getty Images )
THE Pentagon is working on a laser dazzler that will force drivers to stop without harming their eyes .
When a vehicle approaches a checkpoint at speed , ignoring warning signs to slow down , troops do not know whether the driver is simply careless or a suicide bomber .
They need a clear and harmless way of forcing drivers to stop .
Green laser dazzlers designed to temporarily blind drivers were sent to US forces in Iraq and Afghanistan for just this purpose .
But …
Remember Intel 's shape shifting matter concepts ?
Well , those realty - bending cats at DARPA are looking to put their own spin on it with a Programmable Matter program of their own .
As is their mantra , the long - term goals are pretty wild : researcher Dr. Mitchell R. Zakin is hopeful they can one day build a container that looks like a paint can and will form universal spare parts or tools such as hammers and wrenches based on the soldiers ' needs , using a building material they call " mesomatter " that range anywhere from one hundred microns to a centimeter in size .
Currently five months into the program 's second phase , there 's still another fifteen to go before they move on .
By then , the group expect to be able to use the technology and assemble four or five different three - dimensional solids .
Best be careful , if this falls in the wrong hands , we 'll have more " leaked iPhone " images ever previously thought possible .
[ Via Wired ]
The master , Takashi Amano
I recently discovered this thriving sub-culture of aquascaping and have been fixated ever since .
Words cannot describe how incredible these living works of art are , thankfully there ’s plenty of pictures !
The Contest
Since 2001 , the International Aquatic Plant Layout Contest ( IAPLC ) has attracted Aquascapers from all over the globe .
It is the largest planted aquarium aquascaping contest in the world and is organized by the number one planted aquarium company , Aqua Design Amano .
10th place , Hiroyuki Yamabe , Japan
Highlights
– 2008 boasted 1170 entries from 47 countries around the globe , the highest number of entries since it began in 2001
– The grand prize winner of last year ’s contest was Mr. Cheng Siu Wai of Hong Kong .
The 2007 winner was also from Hong Kong
– The top aquascapes will be displayed at the Nature Aquarium Party held in Tokyo
The Judging
– The layouts are evaluated by 18 judges chosen internationally and then the year ’s world rankings are determined
– The highest score of grading is 200 points and judging criteria mainly consists of : Artistic Impression Points ( maximum 100 points ) and Technical Points ( maximum 100 points divided into 5 categories of 20 points )
– In this contest , an aquascapist ’s skill of long - term maintenance is a strong consideration for judges
– Careful attention is paid to observe how long the layout has been kept in a healthy condition ( e.g. the use of emerged plants and house plants which hardly survive in the water becomes the subject of point deduction )
Highlights from the 2008 International Aquatic Plant Layout Contest
1st place Cheng Sui Wai , Hong Kong
2nd place Yutaka Kanno , Japan
3rd place Hsu Yung Lin , Taiwan
5th place Long Tran Hoang , Vietnam
13th place Toshiharu Ishiwata , Japan
104 Incredible Images can be found here
Download the AquaScaping World September 2008 Issue here [ pdf ]
Official 2008 IAPLC Press Release [ pdf ]
If you enjoyed this article , the Sifter highly recommends : The World ’s Second Largest Aquarium Tank in Okinawa , Japan
When the eyes move , objects in the line of sight suddenly jump to a different place on the retina , but the mind perceives the scene as stable and continuous .
A new study reports that the brain predicts the consequences of eye movement even before the eyes take in a new scene .
The study , " Looking ahead :
The perceived direction of gaze shifts before the eyes move , " published in the Association for Research in Vision and Ophthalmology 's peer - reviewed Journal of Vision , asked subjects to shift their eyes to a clock with a fast - moving hand and report the time on the clock when their eyes landed on it .
The average reported time was 39 milliseconds before the actual time .
As a control task , the clock moved instead of the eyes , and the reported arrival times averaged 27 milliseconds after the actual time .
" We 've revealed a moment in time when things are not perceived as they actually are , " said lead researcher Amelia Hunt , PhD , of the University of Aberdeen 's School of Psychology .
" These findings serve as a reminder that every aspect of our experience is constructed by our brains . "
The report suggests that the prediction is a result of remapping , where neurons involved in visual perception become active or dormant to help the brain maintain a stable visual environment despite the constant shift of images on the retina .
According to the report , " Remapping allows locations to be continuously represented across the eye movement by maintaining both current and expected locations simultaneously , facilitating the transition between the two . "
Hunt added : " The finding implies that we experience the predicted consequence of an eye movement as though it is actually occurring , albeit just for a moment . "
Hunt said the research might lead to more investigation of the brain 's ability to predict and its role in perception , as well as the link between brain activity and actual experience .
The next step may be to examine under what circumstances predictive processes occur , what function they serve and to what degree they influence our perception of events , she said .
Some of our in - jokes wo n’t ever stick to the masses ( a good thing ) , but as time goes by , videogameswill inevitablysecure a stronger influence on our culture ’s hive - database of quotable quotes .
We , however , will always be the cool kids who were irritating each other with these gaming quips before the masses fully caught on .
% 26ldquo ; You have died of dysentery .
%26rdquo ; - The Oregon Trail
The first version of The Oregon Trail was developed in 19 - fuggin ’ - 71 – so it ’s like , really old , and stuff .
It was n’t until the ' 80s , however , that it became the phenomenon it did .
If you went to elementary school in the United States during the mid-‘80s or early ‘ 90s , you probably played Oregon Trail .
It was all sanctioned by the politickers ( " Computers in the classroom , you say ?!
Well it 's just so damncrazy it might work ! " ) , but it felt like we were getting away with something when we named our settlers “ Poop ” and “ Dick ” and laughed when they died of horrible diseases .
We learned nothing .
Pretty much any quote from the game deserves to be on this list , but " You have died of dysentery " is , for whatever reason , the one that became a million crappy t- shirts .
But The Oregon Trail is more than that - it ’s a whole generation ’s first experience with personal computers , hunting , and infectious diseases .
% 26ldquo; It is pitch black .
You are likely to be eaten by a grue .
%26rdquo ; - Zork
Like Oregon Trail , Zork is one of the great grandfathers of gaming - practically just a legend to younger gamers .
Even the name “ Zork ” is the product of obsolete slang – it was an MIT term for an unfinished piece of software and stuck at some point during the game ’s development ( had it not stuck , the game would have been called the far - less - compelling “ Dungeon ” ) .
Though it was n't the first game ever made , the opening paragraph of Zork I is as significant to gaming as “ We the people ” is to the United States :
Such succinct power !
But Zork ’s opening lines did n’t stick quite as firmly as the ominous " grue " line , which is nowthe stuff of bumper stickers and coffee mugs .
What is a grue ?
Zork explains :
The grue is a sinister , lurking presence in the dark places of the earth .
Its favorite diet is adventurers , but its insatiable appetite is tempered by its fear of light .
No grue has ever been seen by the light of day , and few have survived its fearsome jaws to tell the tale .
% 26ldquo ; Want some Rye? %26lsquo;Course ya do !%26rdquo ; - Return to Zork
Yes , Zork again .
Actually , Return to Zork - with graphics !
Everyone who played this game remembers this puzzle and this oldbastard with a thing for whiskey .
And even if you never played the game , you ’ve probably heard the puzzle ’s irritating - as - shit repeated line :
If you want to relive the frustration , check the whole sequence below :
% 26ldquo; Wakka wakka wakka % 26rdquo ; - Pac-Man
Pac - Man is what out - of - touch reporters continue to believe videogames are , because , along with Pong and a few others , Pac - Man was a cultural phenomenon up there with hula hoops and inline skates .
Is " wakka " actually a quote ?
Maybe not , but just about anyone can mentally recreate the game 's trademarksound , and that 's pretty damninsane .
%26ldquo;It%26rsquo;s-a me , Mario!%26rdquo ; - Mario Bros .
Series
How many times in a row can you listen to this before you want to poke holes in your eardrums with pencils ?
% 26ldquo; But our princess is in another castle !%26rdquo ; - Super Mario Bros .
Damn it !
She 's always in another damn castle !
And not only that , but , as pointed out byTop Cultured , that bastard Toad thinks the whole thing is pretty fuggin ' funny :
Above : Bitch
Cilantro
Arguably the most polarizing of herbs , cilantro is the leaf of the coriander plant and has recently seen increased popularity in the US .
Cilantro is controversial because a minority percentage of people are unable to taste all of its flavor compounds and claim the herb tastes like soap or metal .
Love it or hate it , here 's all you need to know about the world 's most widely consumed fresh herb .
Cilantro or coriander ?
The term cilantro is common in the United States , but you may come across the term " fresh coriander " .
One in the same -- the leaves of the coriander plant are referred to as cilantro .
We refer to the seeds simply as coriander and they have a much different flavor ( and as such can not be substituted in recipes ) .
Interestingly , cilantro is a member of the carrot family .
Cilantro's flavor
Cilantro has a fresh flavor with hints of citrus and is used to brighten up dishes .
While potent fresh , the flavors of cilantro mellow considerably with heat .
Cilantro's flavor controversy
Some people maintain that cilantro has a very bad flavor -- somewhat similar to soap .
Cilantro hate has even spawned its own group -- the venerable IHateCilantro.com .
NPR dug into the topic and after using a gas chromatograph concluded that people who think that cilantro tastes like soap are n't able to detect the full taste and are missing the compounds that cilantro lovers identify with the plant .
Knowing that it could be an issue , we ask new dinner guests for opinions on cilantro before using it in an essential part of a meal .
Purchasing cilantro
Fresh cilantro looks somewhat similar to flat leaf or Italian parsley and is often placed next to it in grocery stores , so take an extra look when you 're shopping .
When in doubt cilantro has a pungent smell .
Select bunches that are bright green , without any yellowing or wilting .
Cilantro should be available year round , but if your store does not have it we do not recommend substituting dried cilantro .
It lacks most of the flavor associated with fresh cilantro and is not worth keeping in your pantry .
Storing cilantro
Like most fresh herbs , once clippings are cut off the plant the clock starts ticking .
To maximize shelf life , clip the stem end of your cilantro and place it in a glass of water ( as if they were flowers being placed in a vase ) .
Cover the leaf end with a plastic bag and store in the fridge .
Change the water if it becomes cloudy or off - colored .
This should keep your cilantro fresh for up to two weeks .
Cilantro's culinary uses
Cilantro is especially popular in Latin American and Asian dishes .
We use it in salsas , marinades , salads , as a seasoning for rice , tacos , lettuce wraps and even on a few sandwiches .
Prep cilantro by discarding the stems and optionally running a knife through the remaining leaves .
Cilantro is a strong flavor so be careful to taste as you go -- you can always add more .
Because cilantro's flavor degrades rapidly in heat , it 's almost always used raw .
Posted on June 28th 2009 and last updated on June 29th 2009
We will soon be revamping the site to a more social conscious media site to keep you up to date with what 's going on inthe world in 2013 .
If you like what we are doing support us by making a donation .
Video Of The Week - Lil Wayne get 's his butt Whipped by baby LOL
Remember the recent video we put up about the kid who caught heat from his uncle for trying to play hard on facebook ?
Well here is a cartoon reenactment of that with Baby and Wayne hilarious , read up on our Legit - Hookup - Sites.com review to start hooking up in the area near you !
July 20 , 2009 -- Prenatal exposure to environmental pollutants known as polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons ( PAHs ) can adversely affect a child 's intelligence quotient or IQ , according to new research by the the Columbia Center for Children 's Environmental Health ( CCCEH ) at the Mailman School of Public Health .
PAHs are chemicals released into the air from the burning of coal , diesel , oil and gas , or other organic substances such as tobacco .
In urban areas motor vehicles are a major source of PAHs .
The study findings are published in the August 2009 issue of Pediatrics .
The study , funded by the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences ( NIEHS ) , a component of the National Institutes of Health , the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and several private foundations , found that children exposed to high levels of PAHs in New York City had full scale and verbal IQ scores that were 4.31 and 4.67 points lower , respectively than those of less exposed children .
High PAH levels were defined as above the median of 2.26 nanograms per cubic meter ( ng/m3 ) .
" These findings are of concern because these decreases in IQ could be educationally meaningful in terms of school performance , " says Frederica Perera , DrPH , professor of Environmental Health Sciences and director of the CCCEH at Columbia University Mailman School of Public Health and study lead author .
" The good news is that we have seen a decline in air pollution exposure in our cohort since 1998 , testifying to the importance of policies to reduce traffic congestion and other sources of fossil fuel combustion byproducts . "
The study included children who were born to non-smoking Black and Dominican American women age 18 to 35 who resided in Washington Heights , Harlem or the South Bronx in New York .
The children were followed from in utero to 5 years of age .
The mothers wore personal air monitors during pregnancy to measure exposure to PAHs and they responded to questionnaires .
At 5 years of age , 249 children were given an intelligence test known as the Wechsler Preschool and Primary Scale of the Intelligence , which provides verbal , performance and full - scale IQ scores .
The researchers developed models to calculate the associations between prenatal PAH exposure and IQ .
They accounted for other factors such as second - hand smoke exposure , lead , mother 's education and the quality of the home caretaking environment .
Study participants exposed to air pollution levels below the average were designated as having " low exposure , " while those exposed to pollution levels above the average were identified as " high exposure . "
A total of 140 children were classified as having high PAH exposure .
" The decrease in full - scale IQ score among the more exposed children is similar to that seen with low - level lead exposure , " noted Dr. Perera .
" This finding is of concern because IQ is an important predictor of future academic performance , and PAHs are widespread in urban environments and throughout the world .
Fortunately , airborne PAH concentrations can be reduced through currently available controls , alternative energy sources and policy interventions . "
###
Mailman School of Public Health's Li Zhigang , Robin Whyatt , Lori Hoepner , Shuang Wang , David Camann , and Virginia Rauh were co-authors of the study .
The Columbia Center for Children 's Environmental Health - part of the Mailman School of Public Health at Columbia University - is a leading research organization dedicated to understanding and preventing environmentally related disease in children .
Founded in 1998 , the Center conducts research in New York City , including the study of mothers and children in Northern Manhattan and South Bronx , a World Trade Center Study , as well as Krakow , Poland , and Chongqing , China .
Its mission is to improve the respiratory health and cognitive development of children and to reduce their cancer risk by identifying environmental toxicants and conditions related to poverty that increase their risk of disease .
In NYC , the Center collaborates with residents and partner organizations in Washington Heights , Harlem and the South Bronx to share research findings with the local communities in ways that are meaningful and usable in daily life .
( www.ccceh.org)
About the Mailman School of Public Health
The only accredited school of public health in New York City and among the first in the nation , Columbia University Mailman School of Public Health pursues an agenda of research , education , and service to address the critical and complex public health issues affecting millions of people locally and globally .
The Mailman School is the recipient of some of the largest government and private grants in Columbia University 's history .
Its more than 1000 graduate students pursue master 's and doctoral degrees , and the School 's 300 multi-disciplinary faculty members work in more than 100 countries around the world , addressing such issues as infectious and chronic diseases , health promotion and disease prevention , environmental health , maternal and child health , health over the life course , health policy , and public health preparedness .
www.mailman.columbia.edu
JPL Automated Weather Station at the Observatory
Click here for current weather
Support also from the
Mount Wilson Institute
Kevin Turner , Microsoft's Chief Operating Officer , told partners during his Worldwide Partner Conference keynote not only about the upcoming Microsoft Stores this fall to be placed near Apple stores but also about how Apple 's lawyers wanted Microsoft to take down their Laptop Hunter ads .
Here 's the story he told ( keep in mind that it 's coming from a Microsoft executive ) :
And so we 've been running these PC value ads .
Just giving people saying , hey , what are you looking to spend ?
" Oh , I 'm looking to spend less than $ 1,000 . "
Well we 'll give you $ 1,000 .
Go in and look and see what you can buy .
And they come out and they just show them .
Those are completely unscripted commercials .
And you know why I know they 're working ?
Because two weeks ago we got a call from the Apple legal department saying , hey -- this is a true story -- saying , " Hey , you need to stop running those ads , we lowered our prices . "
They took like $ 100 off or something .
It was the greatest single phone call in the history that I 've ever taken in business .
( Applause . )
I did cartwheels down the hallway .
At first I said , " Is this a joke ?
Who are you ? "
Not understanding what an opportunity .
And so we 're just going to keep running them and running them and running them .
You can read the whole transcript of Turner 's keynote on Microsoft Presspass .
The most recent Laptop Hunters ad features Matt and Olivia , who are looking for a $ 700 computer they can use to share pictures of their son Jayden with friends and family .
It needs to have a large screen and great battery life , and of course they find their dream machine :
These are the best ads Microsoft has run in a while ; they 're clearly working , but we 're not sure Microsoft should keep them going for much longer .
Hopefully the software giant will think of something fresh once Windows 7 rolls out .
So ... how long are you going to lay there bleeding ?
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Two years ago , a military robot used in the South African army killed nine soldiers after a malfunction .
Earlier this year , a Swedish factory was fined after a robot machine injured one of the workers ( though part of the blame was assigned to the worker ) .
Robots have been found guilty of other smaller offenses such as an incorrectly responding to a request .
So how do you prevent problems like this from happening ?
Stop making psychopathic robots , say robot experts .
" If you build artificial intelligence but do n't think about its moral sense or create a conscious sense that feels regret for doing something wrong , then technically it is a psychopath , " says Josh Hall , a scientist who wrote the book Beyond AI : Creating the Conscience of a Machine .
For years , science fiction author Issac Asimov 's Three Laws of Robotics were regarded as sufficient for robotics enthusiasts .
The laws , as first laid out in the short story " Runaround , " were simple : A robot may not injure a human being or allow one to come to harm ; a robot must obey orders given by human beings ; and a robot must protect its own existence .
Each of the laws takes precedence over the ones following it , so that under Asimov 's rules , a robot cannot be ordered to kill a human , and it must obey orders even if that would result in its own destruction .
But as robots have become more sophisticated and more integrated into human lives , Asimov 's laws are just too simplistic , says Chien Hsun Chen and Yueh - Hsuan Weng , coauthors of a paper published in the International Journal of Social Robotics last month .
The paper has sparked off a discussion among robot experts who say it is time for humans to get to work on these ethical dilemmas .
Accordingly , robo-ethicists want to develop a set of guidelines that could outline how to punish a robot , decide who regulates them and even create a " legal machine language " that could help police the next generation of intelligent automated devices .
Even if robots are not entirely autonomous , there needs to be a clear path of responsibility laid out for their actions , says Leila Takayama , research scientist at open - source robotics developer Willow Garage .
" We have to know who takes credit when the system does well and when it does n't , " she says .
" That needs to be very transparent . "
A human - robot co-existence society could emerge by 2030 , says Chen in his paper .
Already iRobot 's Roomba robotic vacuum cleaner and Scooba floor cleaner are a part of more than 3 million American households .
The next generation robots will be more sophisticated and are expected to provide services such as nursing , security , housework and education .
These machines will have the ability to make independent decisions and work reasonably unsupervised .
That 's why , says Chen , it may be time to decide who regulates robots .
The rules for this new world will have to cover how humans should interact with robots and how robots should behave .
Responsibility for a robot 's actions is a one - way street today , says Hall .
" So far , it 's always a case that if you build a machine that does something wrong it is your fault because you built the machine , " he says .
" But there ’s a clear day in the future that we will build machines that are complex enough to make decisions and we need to be ready for that . "
Assigning blame in case of a robot - related accident is n't always straightforward .
Earlier this year , a Swedish factory was fined after a malfunctioning robot almost killed a factory worker who was attempting to repair the machine generally used to lift heavy rocks .
Thinking he had cut off the power supply , the worker approached the robot without any hesitation but the robot came to life and grabbed the victim 's head .
In that case , the prosecutor held the factory liable for poor safety conditions but also lay part of the blame on the worker .
" Machines will evolve to a point where we will have to increasingly decide whether the fault for doing something wrong lies with someone who designed the machine or the machine itself , " says Hall .
Rules also need to govern social interaction between robots and humans , says Henrik Christensen , head of robotics at Georgia Institute of Technology 's College of Computing .
For instance , robotics expert Hiroshi Ishiguro has created a bot based on his likeness .
" There we are getting into the issue of how you want to interact with these robots , " says Christensen .
" Should you be nice to a person and rude to their likeness ?
Is it okay to kick a robot dog but tell your kids to not do that with a normal dog ?
How do you tell your children about the difference ? "
Christensen says ethics around robot behavior and human interaction is not so much to protect either , but to ensure the kind of interaction we have with robots is the " right thing . "
Some of these guidelines will be hard - coded into the machines , others will become part of the software and a few will require independent monitoring agencies , say experts .
That will also require creating a " legal machine language , " says Chen .
That means a set of non-verbal rules , parts or all of which can be encoded in the robots .
These rules would cover areas such as usability that would dictate , for instance , how close a robot can come to a human under various conditions , and safety guidelines that would conform to our current expectations of what is lawful .
Still the efforts to create a robot that can successfully interact with humans over time will likely be incomplete , say experts .
" People have been trying to sum up what we mean by moral behavior in humans for thousands of years , " says Hall .
" Even if we get guidelines on robo - ethics the size of the federal code it would still fall short .
Morality is impossible to write in formal terms . "
Read the entire paper on human - robot co-existence
See Also :
Photo : ( wa.pean / Flickr )
Share
Reader Rupa
Shah brings word of a truly amazing photography exhibition and labor of love by Norman Gershman , Besa : Muslims Who Saved Jews in WW II .
It documents the Muslims of Albania and Kosovo who sheltered Jews during the Holocaust saving at least 2,000 lives .
Not a single Jew died in all of Albania during the War .
If you live in or near Washington D.C. you are privileged to be able to see it at the JCC until November 30th .
The pictures alone , when you see them will alternately bring you to tears and make you proud of the good of which humanity is capable .
One image in particular shows a bearded old gentleman with his hand over his heart in a gesture of profound nobility .
And this is the quotation Gershman attributes to him :
“ We Bektashi see God everywhere , in everyone .
God is in every pore and every cell , therefore all are God ’s children .
There can not be infidels .
There can not be discrimination .
If one sees a good face one is seeing the face of God.
God is Beauty .
Beauty is God .
There is no God but God . ”
How can we Jews possibly see Muslims as our enemy when we see such images and read such sentiment ?
Here is Gershman ’s explanation of the project and its historical context :
“ During World War II , Albania was unique among all nations occupied by Nazi Germany as no Jews were handed over to the Nazi killing machine .
There was no government conspiracy ; no underground railroad ; no organized resistance of any kind .
Only individual Albanians , acting alone , to save the lives of people whose lives were in immediate danger …
My portraits of these people , and their stories , are meant to reflect their humanity , their dignity , their religious and moral convictions , and their quiet courage . ”
Gershman is cooperating on a documentary entitled , God ’s Work .
You can view a 2 minute clip here .
Google Video also features a rough version of a presentation Gershman made at a 2005 tribute dinner .
Here are the individual histories of the rescuers .
Thoughts on AES
I posted here in early June with some general - purpose cryptographic recommendations ; one of my suggestions was to use 256 - bit AES rather than 128 - bit or 192 - bit AES .
Since then , a couple of new attacks which specifically target AES - 256 have been announced ; and Bruce Schneier has commented that " [ T ] he key schedule for AES - 256 is very poor .
I would recommend that people use AES - 128 and not AES - 256 . " .
Despite this , I still recommend the use of AES - 256 for encryption in software implementations where cryptographic keys are generated randomly .
My reasoning for this is based on the nature of these attacks :
They 're both related - key attacks which exploit AES - 256's key schedule .
These break the notion of the " ideal block cipher " -- i.e. , the notion that AES acts as an oracle mapping keys to random permutations -- and can be very bad if you allow an attacker to select a cryptographic key -- which is effectively how block ciphers get used to construct hash functions .
I do n't think it 's a coincidence that related - key attacks are suddenly being found while NIST 's SHA3 hash competition is running .
There are other situations where related - key attacks can be used .
Some poorly designed protocols allow keys to be constructed in malleable ways ( i.e. , such that by fiddling with part of the protocol , a negotiated key can be modified in a predictable manner ) ; and in smart cards and other hostile environments , it is possible for related - key attacks to be applied via the induction of faults .
However , for encrypting data in software on general - purpose systems using randomly - generated cryptographic keys -- which constitutes the vast majority of the situations where anyone reading this is ever likely to want to use AES -- none of these are relevant , and thus related - key attacks are not something which should be a major consideration .
In contrast , side channel attacks are very real ; and thus I believe that it is more important to provide a margin of safety in case some key bits are leaked via a side channel than it is to use a stronger key expansion function ( such as AES - 128 has and AES - 256 lacks ) which provides greater safety against related - key attacks .
Normally I would conclude by pointing out that attacks always get stronger and a small crack now can grow into a major break later -- but in this case I do n't think such warnings are warranted .
The AES key schedule -- especially the AES - 256 key schedule -- have been known to be rather weak for many years , and the " natural " way that key schedules break is by inducing related - key attacks .
If someone had found a way to translate a weakness in AES 's key schedule into an attack other than a related - key attack , I 'd be far more concerned ; but as it is , there really is n't anything very surprising here .
Instead I 'll end with a cautionary note : I have n't yet read the latest ( Biryukov - Dunkelman - Keller - Khovratovich - Shamir ) attack paper -- I 'm just writing based on the abstract and Schneier 's commentary .
It is possible that they present a startling new attack method which can be leveraged to attack AES in other ( more practical ) ways .
But I doubt it ; after all , if you discovered a powerful new attack method , why would you demonstrate it by constructing a related - key attack on a cipher with a relatively puny key expansion function ?
Disqus
HONG KONG ( MarketWatch ) -- Bank of America Corp is planning to set up a wholly owned subsidiary in China in a bid to expand into the fast - growing Asian economy , according to a media report Friday .
The bank , the U.S. 's largest , intends to build up its corporate and investment banking business , as well as offer wealth management services to Chinese clients , according a Reuters report , citing unidentified sources .
“ Garrett Reid , son of Eagles head coach Andy Reid , was sent back to prison Wednesday after flunking a drug test , according to police .
Garrett ’s also accused of getting into a fight with another resident at the halfway house where he ’s staying . ”
Sounds like a model citizen .
At least Andy will be able to get some sleep this summer as both his kids are snoozing in prison .
[ NBC Philadelphia ]
What makes you move forward ?
Which are the most powerful stimulus for you ?
Are you doing stuff only to avoid potential dangers , or are you just curious ?
In today ’s post I ’ll talk about negative motivation versus positive motivation .
You may ask now : motivation is just the power which moves you to do stuff , are there anything like “ negative ” or “ positive ” to it ?
Is n’t this something related to what you do , not to what motivates you ?
Well , in my opinion , your motivation is directly shaping you actions .
If you ’re positively motivated , your action will most likely have a positive outcome .
If you ’re negatively motivated , your action will have an undesirable outcome .
Negative is rooted on fear , while positive is rooted in service .
The Fear Root
Fear means you ’re acting on the pressure of losing something , This is what fear is : the menace of losing something : your current context , your money , your life .
Fear was for a long time a fantastic survival mechanism , and for that it was a good asset on our old life kit .
It was fear which made the weaker one to run or to hide when a real threat was around .
And fear made the weaker survive .
Our brain has a very deep connection with fear .
Deep in our limbic brain ( the oldest part of our brain , also called the “ reptilian ” brain ) lies the centers of fear .
On top of them other layers of our brain have grown .
But the deeper core is still there and it can still be activated .
Fear can manifest in our life on various levels .
Some of them are social norm , like “ keeping up with the Joneses ” ( fear of losing prestige ) or like blind competition ( fear of losing market share ) .
On a personal level , fear is manifested by the need to prove something ( fear of being inadequate ) or by revenge ( fear of coping with a loss ) .
The Service Root
On the other side , service means giving to others .
Offering support , knowledge , material or emotional assets .
On the human evolution scale , service is a little bit younger than fear .
It was only when the need for survival was met that individuals could gather in communities and start to experiment with sharing .
Until then , fear was necessary in order to survive .
There is this inverse connection between fear and service : the lower the fear level , the higher the service level .
If you ’re not afraid you can easily go out and share , because , well , there ’s nothing to be afraid of .
If you ’re afraid of something , you ’re going to limit the contexts in which the danger could manifest , therefore , you ’ll going to limit your sharing activities .
Another opposite to the fear is curiosity : if you ’re eager to find out more , you ’ll have to get rid of your fears .
You ca n’t be curious if you ’re afraid .
If your fears will tell you that something bad will come outÂ of this action you ’re so curious about , you ’ll never do it .
The Black Power Of No
Wether we like it or not , we ’re still conditioned to act on fear .
Our limbic brain is still stimulated by a variety of factors .
We translated our old fears related to survival to our modern indicators of success : we ’re afraid of being taken for less than we are or we ’re afraid that somebody talks bad about us .
We ’re afraid that we ’re going to lose something if we ’re not talking “ immediate and aggressive ” action towards the potential danger .
Negativity is powerful .
Â
Every time you ’re afraid , you ’re giving your focus and power to the potential danger .
All your energy must be there , because your reptilian brain is telling you ’ll have to survive .
Does n’t matter for that reptilian brain if the fear was socially induced , if you scream “ fear ” it will be activated .
The more fear factors you have , the more energy you ’ll have to allocate .
And you ’re going to pay attention to a lot of potential dangers .
Sooner than you think , you ’ll measure your success by the rate of your survival actions .
And you ’re becoming accountable to your fear sources .
You ’ll be actually driven by your fear sources .
This is why a fearful person is so easy to manipulate .
The Difficult Honesty
If you ’re not afraid of anything , you ’ll have nobody to be accountable than yourself .
All your energy is still inside you , there ’s no threat you have to monitor .
And so , you ’ll have to assess your success by other metrics .
The survival mode is off .
There ’s nobody to be afraid of .
There ’s only you .
Honestly .
Honesty is difficult .
Being accountable to ourselves is something we ’re not used to .
For millions of years it was so easy to feel good by only avoiding danger .
Now it ’s incredibly difficult to feel good by creating something .
Avoiding dangers and creating stuff are mutually exclusive , of course .
You ca n’t do both at the same time .
Motivation
Every time you ’re going on a negative motivation , you ’re giving away your energy , this is why the outcome will be most of the time undesirable .
Except a few rare situations in which your fears are real , you ’re only picking up socially conditioned fears .
There ’s no real danger there .
You think you ’ve done something appropriate in order to survive , but the danger was a fake .
And you feel cheated .
Frustrated .
Ashamed .
If you ’re braking the circle of fear , your motivations will be based on curiosity and service .
Out of the fear circle , you can create and share .
You can learn .
You can experiment .
You can enjoy .
Happiness and fear cannot live in the same individual .
Because fear will always take historical precedence , there will be simply no energy left to feed the happiness .
All the energy is going to the fear .
You simply do n’t have enough .
If you ’re curious enough to investigate the root of your fears you ’ll find out they are just shadows .
Somebody else is projecting some twisted lights and your environment is all of a sudden filled with a lot of shadows .
If the source of light is not twisted , the environment is clear and neat again , no shadows .
All you have to do is to investigate who and why is projecting the light .
If you do n’t agree with what you see , nobody stops you to project your own light , and get rid of the shadows for good .
The difference between negative and positive motivation is the difference between surviving and living .
Antonio Valencia is unlikely to be the most high - profile arrival at Manchester United this summer - but that will not spare him from the pressure of intense scrutiny .
Close examination comes with the territory when you are the first newcomer through Old Trafford 's door in the wake of Cristiano Ronaldo 's £ 80 m departure for Real Madrid .
And the fact that the 23 - year - old Ecuadorian patrols a similar footballing beat to the Portuguese superstar will only bring his contribution to post -Ronaldo life at United into sharper focus .
Valencia cannot , however , be regarded as the straight replacement or a Ronaldo - lite .
Sir Alex Ferguson will use the huge cheque banked on Wednesday to sign a variety of players to plug the gaps left by Ronaldo 's magnificent attacking versatility .
This will be an accurate measure of the influence Ronaldo exerted on United , but Ferguson will back his own judgement - and the verdict of those who have worked closely with Valencia - to support the belief that he has brought a burgeoning talent to Old Trafford .
Valencia has flourished at Wigan after then manager Paul Jewell spent what would ultimately prove to be a profitable day for chairman Dave Whelan in front of the television at the start of the 2006 World Cup .
Jewell watched the young Valencia torment Poland in a 2 - 0 win and was immediately prompted to set up a loan deal with Villarreal , recalling : " Valencia was the first name in the notebook .
I was at home ­watching Poland play Ecuador on the first night and immediately wrote his name in the notebook .
" When I went over to Germany I watched him play against Costa Rica and England and was really impressed . "
The Jewell scouting report was fulsome when he unveiled his new capture , saying : " Antonio is something new for Wigan .
He has skill in abundance and combines it with electric pace and a high work - rate .
I 'm convinced he has the attributes to make a success of the Premiership . "
And so it proved , leaving Steve Bruce delighted to confirm Jewell 's verdict on Valencia when a £ 5 m permanent deal was sealed in January 2008 .
He has no doubts about what Valencia brings , saying : " He has pace , trickery , he is as strong as an ox and has a great work ethic . "
Bruce is a sound judge of footballing flesh , and he believes Valencia has the touch of box office as well as the raw materials to make him a formidable force in the game .
He says : " Valencia has got that thing which not many players have anymore - the ability to dribble .
Someone who can run with the ball , take it up the pitch and beat a man is now becoming a dying breed - there are n't many around .
" We do n't produce players who want to dribble , we seem to produce the archetypal steady English player .
If a player does want to take his man on and run with the ball , people will want to pay to go and see him . "
All fully noted by United on numerous occasions and Ferguson 's willingness to part with £ 16 m is testimony to Jewell 's talent - spotting and Bruce 's nurturing of the quiet Ecuadorian .
But there was nothing under - stated about his talent and the scouts were out in force at regular intervals last season , with United monitoring Valencia for 12 months before finally getting their man .
Real Madrid were serious rivals , an indication that Ferguson may have pulled off a coup .
while Bayern Munich and Liverpool made inquiries .
Spurs and Aston Villa were also suitors until it became clear he was destined for one of the Champions League elite .
Wigan chairman
Whelan , ever the astute salesman , piled on the superlatives at the very thought of Valencia gracing Old Trafford , almost suggesting his club was about to do United the biggest favour since Howard Wilkinson 's decision to allow Eric Cantona to head across the M62 from Leeds United .
Whelan said : " I think Antonio is the best wide right player anywhere and that includes Franck Ribery .
If this lad goes to Man United he will be a sensation there .
" Within a few months and over the course of a season the United supporters would come to worship this lad .
We see him week - in , week - out in games and in training and he 's a world - class player .
" He does n't play the same way as Ronaldo .
There is no show or flash , but he 's a world - class player and he 'll take some replacing .
No - one tackles him or takes the ball off him because they can't get near him .
" At the kind of money that 's been talked about for Antonio he'd be an absolute steal .
United appear to be getting £ 80 m for Ronaldo and they would be paying out a fraction of that for Valencia , so it would be great business because this boy has got immense ability . "
Valencia is a more orthodox winger than the attacking all - rounder Ronaldo became under Ferguson 's tutelage , but his pace and trickery are right up Ferguson 's street , given the United manager 's well - known love of wingers .
The question marks remain about Valencia 's end product , with his final delivery unpredictable and his goal return of three goals in 31 Premier League games this season unspectacular .
United will study those statistics , and there is no doubt there is an element of the punt about United paying so much for a talent that is , to some extent , unproven and placing it in an arena that has proved too much for bigger reputations and bigger names than Valencia .
Ferguson , it should be noted , has been here before .
The same criticisms about a lack of end product were levelled at the teenage Ronaldo before his game was fashioned into the finished article by the Scot .
The Valencia package was on display in microcosm in the opening moments of United 's victory at Wigan in May when a searing burst of pace left Nemanja Vidic embarrassed , only for a scuffed and wayward finish to spoil the good work .
United are certain to use Valencia in his familiar flank role , and Ferguson will make more expensive additions around him to compensate for the removal of Ronaldo from his plans , as well as returning Wayne Rooney to the more potent and profitable central role he prefers .
Ferguson will also be an expert guide at reducing the pressure on Valencia as every new face draws comparison with Ronaldo - occasionally unfavourably .
He is the master of moulding raw talent and while Valencia 's career bears no serious comparison with Ronaldo , who is only six months older , Ferguson has plenty to work with .
Valencia may represent something of a gamble , and an expensive one at that , but Ferguson 's belief in the young Ecuadorian is strong enough to make him take it without hesitation .
From the Michael Moore 's Awful Truth , Season 2 ( 1999 -2000 )
The beyond ironically - named " Love Crusades " of Westboro Baptist Church is on its way to Los Angeles to demonstrate at Michael Jackson 's memorial .
The crusades are part of a hate - based mission started in Kansas by the WBC and Fred Phelps in order to picket the funerals of people who had died of AIDS , demonstrate against the " fag lifestyle " and other loving Christian activities .
It appears their main beef is well , Michael Jackson 's very existence , his death , and any mourning by anybody .
If you are still unclear , here is the official announcement from the website 's picket schedule .
I am intentionally not linking to their site , because this is probably more attention than they deserve already .
07/07/2009 Staples Center - Michael Wacko Jacko Jackson is in hell !
1111 S. Figueroa
St WBC will be there to remind you to stop worshiping the dead .
We will be there to tell you to Thank God for the death of this filthy , adulterous , idolatrous , gender - confused , nationality - confused , unthankful brute beast .
We will be there to remind you that God Killed Wacko Jacko .
There is a God , and a Day of Judgment .
For you to wallow and murmur against God for his righteous Judgments is sin and will cause YOU to join Michael in hell
Imagine the most peaceful soft - focus picture of Jesus you have ever seen .
Now try to imagine Him carrying a sign saying " GOD HATES FAGS " .
Who the hell are these people to tell us who God likes or does n't like ?
God can give us a flood or plague of locusts and tell us Himself .
Previously : Uh Oh , They 're Back : Westboro Church to Protest Fairfax High School
„ Geben Sie mir lieber etwas Pflanzliches “ , sagt die Kundin , die ihrem Sohn ein Mittel gegen seine Akne mitbringen möchte .
Sie verlässt die Apotheke mit einem Präparat aus Teebaumöl .
Die Zahl der frei verkä uflichen Kosmetika auf pflanzlicher Basis hat in den letzten Jahren ständig zugenommen , und insbesondere das ätherische Öl , das aus den Blättern des australischen Teebaums durch Wasserdampfdestillation gewonnen wird , hat sich zu einem wahren Modeprodukt entwickelt .
Tatsächlich gibt es gute Hinweise , dass die Substanz desinfizierend wirkt und die Wundheilung fördert .
Dass ein „ Naturprodukt “ harmloser ist als ein synthetisch hergestelltes Mittel gegen Pickel , ist damit allerdings nicht gesagt .
In der neuen Ausgabe der Fachzeitschrift „ Der Hautarzt “ ( Heft 2 , 2002 ) stellen der Freiburger Dermatologe C. Schempp und seine Kollegen eine lange Liste von Hautreaktionen zusammen , die durch pflanzliche Inhaltsstoffe von Kosmetika hervorgerufen werden können .
Nicht immer sind das Allergien : Oft wirken die Inhaltsstoffe bei direktem Hautkontakt hautreizend .
Es kommt zu Entzündungsreaktionen , ohne dass eine krankhafte Reaktion des Immunsystems der Auslöser wäre .
Jeder kennt das von der Brennnessel , die Histamin , Acetylcholin und Serotonin enthält , Stoffe , die spontan eine schnell wieder abklingende „ Nesselsucht “ hervorrufen .
Auch die phototoxische Kontaktdermatitis ist keine allergische Erscheinung .
Sie entsteht vor allem bei Menschen mit heller Haut , wenn sie sich nach der Berührung bestimmter Pflanzen , zum Beispiel von Bärenklau aus der Familie der Doldenblütler , dem Sonnenlicht aussetzen .
Aber auch Parfümöle wie das Bergamottöl enthalten Extrakte von Pflanzen , die phototoxisch wirken .
Allergische Reaktionen auf Mittel , die auf die Haut aufgetragen werden , entstehen bevorzugt , wenn die Hornhaut - durch chronische Hautkrankheiten oder durch Wunden - schon Schaden genommen hat .
Denn normalerweise bildet sie eine Schutzschicht gegen Fremdstoffe .
„ Eine vorgeschädigte Haut leistet einer Sensibilisierung einen wesentlichen Vorschub “ , so warnen die Hautärzte .
Die häufigsten Auslöser von Allergien in pflanzlichen Kosmetika sind neben dem exotischen Teebaumöl die alten Bekannten Arnika , Kamille , Schafgarbe , Pfefferminze , Lavendel , Rosmarin und Zitrusfrüchte .
Als mittelstarke oder schwache Allergene bewirken sie meist erst nach einiger Anwendungszeit eine Sensibilisierung .
Allergische Reaktionen vom Soforttyp , bei denen sich kurz nach dem Hautkontakt Quaddeln und Rötungen bilden , sind bei Kosmetika selten .
Man kennt sie eher als Berufskrankheiten , wie etwa die Allergie gegen Naturlatex , der sich in Schutzhandschuhen für Angehörige von Gesundheitsberufen findet .
Doch es gibt bei Kosmetika ein anderes Problem :
Hat sich schon eine Kontaktallergie gegen einen Pflanzeninhaltsstoff entwickelt , so sind auch Kreuzreaktionen , meist mit chemisch nah verwandten Verbindungen , zu befürchten .
Wer auf Arnika allergisch reagiert , sollte deshalb nach Ansicht der Autoren vorsichtshalber auch Kräutershampoos , Sportsalben oder Tees meiden , die Extrakte der beliebten Kamille enthalten .
Denn beide gehören zur Gruppe der Sesquiterpenlaktone .
Die Hitliste der sensibilisierenden Pflanzen wird bisher in Mitteleuropa von Vertretern der Familien der Korbblütler , der Primel - und der Liliengewächse angeführt .
„ Wahrscheinlich ist in diese Liste auch bald das Teebaumöl einzureihen “ , so Schempp .
Es enthält 20 verschiedene Terpene , gesättigte oder ungesättigte Kohlenwasserstoffe , die neben den Sequiterpenlaktonen zu den häufigsten Kontaktallergenen in Pflanzen zählen .
Terpene kommen in zahlreichen Pflanzen und ätherischen Ölen vor .
Bekannt ist vor allem das als Lösungsmittel verwendete ätherische Öl Terpentinöl , das Haut und Schleimhäute stark reizen kann .
Die Hautärztin und Allergologin Beate Tebbe vom Universitätsklinikum Benjamin Franklin bestätigt , dass Terpene als Allergieauslöser in den letzten Jahren immer mehr die Aufmerksamkeit der Fachwelt fanden .
Die Sensibilisierung gegen diese Kohlenwasserstoffe habe tatsächlich zugenommen , ein Zusammenhang mit der Beliebtheit speziell des Teebaumöls konnte in einer Untersuchung allerdings nicht bestätigt werden .
Ebenso wenig Grund wie zur Verharmlosung pflanzlicher Wirkstoffe gibt es offensichtlich zur Dramatisierung ihrer Wirkung , zumindest bei äußerlicher Anwendung .
In Tebbes Klinik werden sie bei Allergietests regelmäßig mit berücksichtigt , doch krankhafte Reaktionen sind immer noch eher selten .
Adelheid Müller - Lissner
A small but significant set of data points in the ongoing discussion of how – potentially – China ’s economy has altered the global economy , especially as it impacts the current economic downturn .
I received this first one last week from my pal Bob Garino , Director of Commodities at the Institute of Scrap Recycling Industries [ ISRI ] in Washington , D.C.
It tracks the relationship between ( in blue ) the US IP Manufacturing Index , a measure of metals intensive US manufacturing ; and ( in green ) the CRB Metal Index , a measure of key scrap metal commodities , including copper , lead , and steel .
Note that the two indices were relatively correlative until December 2008 – or right around the time that China began to stockpile key metal commodities ( click for enlargement ) .
The data is interesting in its own right , but even more so when seen in the context of how the two indices behaved during the prior three recessions .
Below , that data , as supplied by the ISRI Broadsheet ( click for enlargement ) .
To quote Garino ( my favored expert on the relationship between raw materials and the overall global economy ) :
“ There was a close correlation between two but that relationship has sure changed , and we think it ’s mostly due to Chinese buying , and not the influence of domestic [ US ] purchases in the manufacturing sector …
[ T ]he concern ( if there is one ) is what it will take to see a return to the past relationship ?
Perhaps due to the nature of commodities within the context of a changing global economy , the current correlation we ’re seeing between IP and the CRB has forever changed and has now become meaningless . ”
And that ’s the question , is n’t it ?
Has China overturned the realationship between commodities demand in the US , and global commodities prices ?
My personal opinion is that this kind of question is probably best answered during an economic expansion , and not a recession when – in the case of China – economic stimulus creates non-market demands for commodities .
And despite overheated talk ( from , among others , me ) about the potent power of China ’s economic stimulus on the price of global commodities , the actual data is less than encouraging .
Below , China ’s imports of scrap aluminum and copper ( the latter an important component of the CRB index ) from January to May 2009 , as compared to the same period during 2008 :
In the god - forsaken district of early - 1860 's Lower Manhattan known as the Five Points , the vicious Nativist , Bill " The Butcher " Cutting , is the supreme overlord of an area riddled with crime , prostitution , theft and murder , as the American Civil War still rages on .
Sixteen whole years after the brutal murder of his father from Bill 's blood - stained hands , an orphaned Irish - American , Amsterdam Vallon , returns to this melting pot of corruption to avenge his untimely death ; however , a lot has changed since then .
Who can remember the once innocent boy and now a young man bent on revenge , who works his way up to the hierarchy of Five Points ?
Will Amsterdam ever taste the dangerous but sweet fruit of retribution ?
Written by Nick Riganas
A new artificial tongue is better than the real thing when it comes to sensing subtle differences in sweeteners , including the many natural and artificial variations used in beverages , cakes , cookies and chewing gum .
About the size of a business card , the sweetness sensor works by detecting pH changes when a sweet substance mixes with a derivative of the chemical boric acid .
" We take things that smell or taste and convert their chemical properties into a visual image , " chemist Kenneth Suslick of the University of Illinois said in a press release .
" This is the first practical ' electronic tongue ' sensor that you can simply dip into a sample and identify the source of sweetness based on its color . "
Several other groups have attempted to create electronic tongues , but artificial tasters usually have trouble distinguishing between similar chemical flavors , especially in a complex mixture .
For instance , one rogue robot mixed up the flavor of the human hand with prosciutto .
( Or perhaps we just taste like ham ... it 's hard to know . )
The new sensor identified 14 kinds of natural and artificial sweeteners with 100 percent accuracy in 80 different trials .
__" __Actually , our sensor is much better at telling the difference between sweeteners than humans , " wrote Suslick in an e-mail .
The researchers presented their findings Monday at the American Chemical Society meeting in Washington D.C .
According to Suslick , the artificial tongue could eventually replace human tasters in the food industry .
" For routine quality control , " he wrote , " our device might be a substantial improvement , because one wants to compare to a known standard . "
But there are some functions that a robot taster will never be able to fulfill , he said : " For use in formulations ( e.g. , new recipes ) , there is no substitute for the human tongue , because after all , that 's what the consumer actually uses ! "
Image : Results show the artificial tongue 's analysis of six common natural and artificial sweeteners .
Courtesy Kenneth Suslick / University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign
See Also :
Follow us on Twitter @wiredscience , and on Facebook .
PENSACOLA , Florida ( CNN ) --
A man police believe organized the slaying of a Florida couple earlier this month told authorities he knew the victims and received financial support from them for a martial arts studio , according to court documents released Monday .
Leonard Patrick Gonzalez Jr. , 35 , is one of seven people charged with murder in the July 9 killings .
Leonard Patrick Gonzalez Jr. , 35 , is one of seven people charged with murder in the July 9 deaths of Byrd and Melanie Billings of Beulah , Florida .
An affidavit for a search warrant for Gonzalez 's van noted the connection between him and the couple , but gave no other details .
" My understanding is , through speaking with the investigative agencies , that Mr. Gonzalez sought donations from a variety of community and business leaders and that perhaps Mr. Billings did not lend him money , but donated to this academy for children , " Crystal Spencer , attorney for the Billings family , told CNN .
" It was a defense academy -- a self - defense academy for children .
But the connection goes no further that we are aware of . "
The Billingses , who were known for adopting special - needs children , were fatally shot during a home invasion robbery , according to police .
Their bodies were found in their bedroom , said the court documents .
Gonzalez told police he owns a red Dodge cargo van similar to one seen on surveillance video leaving the Billings home on the day of the slayings , but he said it was not in operating condition , according to an affidavit seeking a search warrant on the van .
After a picture of the van seen at the crime scene was released to the media , a man contacted police to tell them it resembled a van he owned for a number of years and had recently sold to a woman named Terri Poff , the affidavit said .
He provided pictures of the van , which appeared to match the one seen on the surveillance camera , including some of its unusual features , the documents said .
The man told police that Poff told him she was buying the van for her son , Leonard Gonzalez , according to the affidavit .
Watch recap of the case and links between suspects »
Authorities located the van at Gonzalez 's residence , and its vehicle identification number matched that provided by the previous owner , the documents said .
A search warrant document filed with the court shows that in a July 11 search of the van , police took carpet samples , seat covers , a piece of duct tape , paint samples , and containers of disinfectant wipes , garbage bags and soap pads , among other items , the document said .
Police previously have said robbery was a motive , but not the only motive .
Asked whether the slayings could have been a contracted hit , Escambia County Sheriff David Morgan told CNN , " This gets back to motive and we want to assure the public that we have n't taken that or anything off the table .
We 're looking for any reason , any motive for this to have happened , so yes , we are looking at a hit as a motive .
Morgan told CNN he wanted to talk to up to nine more people and planned to make at least one more arrest before he winds down the investigation in a few days .
He did not provide further details , but said authorities planned to interview Gonzalez 's wife on Monday .
The Billingses had adopted 13 children , and each had two biological children , but three of the adopted children have died .
Police said nine of the children were home at the time of the home invasion ; one of them managed to flee and seek help at a neighbor 's home .
Ashley Markham , one of the adult children from Byrd and Melanie Billings ' previous marriages , said she has decided to move into the home to take care of the children .
Markham told CNN that they are having work done on the home to make it safer before they move back in .
Additional documents released Monday from the Florida Department of Children and Families show a bizarre attempt by Byrd Billings to copyright the children 's names and request money from the department for their use .
A department attorney , Katie George , told the Pensacola News - Journal that every time the agency sent Billings a letter referencing the children by name , he would reply with an invoice demanding millions in copyright infringement .
In one document released by the department , he demands $ 10 million in silver or federal reserve notes of equal value .
In a sharply worded letter of December 2005 , another department attorney , Richard Cserep , wrote to Billings , " you reference a wide variety of law in connection with this claim " for damages .
" This includes copyright violations , trademark violations , contract violations , admiralty and maritime law , libel and the Truth in Lending Act .
At no time in any of your correspondence have you made a plain demand for damages under a clear and cognizable theory of liability . "
A handwritten note on the letter says that no further correspondence was received from Billings after that letter .
A safe containing prescription medication , family documents and some jewelry was taken from the Billings home at the time of their slayings , authorities said .
It was found in the back yard of Pamela Wiggins , an eighth suspect , who is charged with being an accessory after the fact .
Wiggins is free on $ 10,000 bond .
Watch lawyer reveal contents of safe »
Morgan said when the safe was found , it was buried with bricks on top in " an obvious attempt to conceal " it .
Wiggins is a friend and landlord of one of the suspects .
Attempts by CNN to reach her and her attorney have been unsuccessful .
One of the seven original suspects in the case , Donald Ray Stallworth , was arrested in Alabama .
At a hearing Monday , Escambia County , Alabama , Judge Bert Rice withdrew an earlier $ 1 million bond and ordered Stallworth held without bail until Alabama Gov. Bob Riley signs an order to extradite him to Florida .
Surveillance video from the home shows two vehicles pulling up to the property and five masked people dressed in black entering the house .
Authorities believe both drivers remained in the vehicles .
It appears the suspects did not believe they were under surveillance , Morgan said .
The system , which was not disabled , was a " gaping hole " in a well - executed crime , he said .
While the investigation into the murders continues , Markham said her focus now is on helping the rest of her family through the tragedy .
She said she told the children about their parents , adding that her mother had explained heaven to the kids as a wonderful place .
The kids were given balloons and told by writing messages on them , they would be able to talk to their parents since " they were angels . "
CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Ross Levitt , Aaron Cooper , Mike Phelan , Ed Lavandera and John Couwels contributed to this report .
All About Florida • Murder and Homicide
Jack Nicholson , 72
Can there be anyone who does n't feel repulsed by the pictures of Nicholson holidaying with his paunch ?
And yet the notorious womaniser reckons he 's still got what it takes when it comes to pulling the ladies .
" Happily , when it comes to girls hitting on me , I 'm not undernourished , " he recently claimed .
Seriously ?
We dread to think what your secret is , Jack .
Bryan Ferry , 63
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
There 's low and there 's low , Bryan .
The ageing Roxy Music star has hooked up with Amanda Sheppard .
At 27 , Ms Sheppard is barely older than Ferry 's oldest son , Otis .
Ugh .
Silvio Berlusconi , 72
The Italian PM takes the old goat biscuit for the revelations of these past few weeks .
What with claims he 's spent the summer consorting with call girls and teenagers at wild parties , has Berlusconi simply forgotten his age ?
Has he not looked in a mirror ?
If he has n't , he should .
For the sake of newspaper readers everywhere , if not his own citizens .
David Cameron , 42
If Cameron was trying to get down with the kids by swearing on the alternative morning radio show he appeared on last week , then he could at least have used a suitable expletive .
Telling Christian O'Connell that the problem with Twitter was that " too many twits might make a twat " just wo n't cut it with the yoof of today .
Nor will saying the public are " pissed off " with politicians in your best Old Etonian accent .
Lembit Opik , 44
Need we say more ?
Ok then .
The Liberal Democrat MP just can't help himself when it comes to women .
First , there was Sian Lloyd , the weather forecaster , and then Gabriela Irimia , better known as one half of the Cheeky Girls .
Now there 's Katie Green , the 21 - year - old model .
And you wonder why voters can't take you seriously , Lembit ?
Mel Gibson , 53
Once an American action movie pin-up , always an American action movie pin-up , in your dreams at least .
Gibson may lack the big - screen roles but that wo n't hamper his off - screen action .
Witness his decision to ditch his wife ( and mother to their seven children ) to father a baby with a Russian actress nearly half his age .
Richard Madeley , 56
If the former TV presenter thought that he'd reboot his career with a tongue - in - cheek Twitter ad – " Employment required : Sexy man , experienced sofa operator , Ali G beard , licensed squirrel catcher " – he'd better think again .
We 'd rather forget that Ali G impression , thank you very much , Mr Judy Finnigan .
William Hague , 48
Maybe it 's the lack of hair .
Maybe it 's just him .
Either way , the former Tory leader has always crashed and burned when he 's tried to play the youthful card .
Who could forget that ill - advised baseball cap ?
Then there was the claim that he was a 14 - pint - a - day man as a teenager .
Luckily for us , now that he 's approaching his half century he seems happier with his lot .
Flavio Briatore , 59
The womanising Formula 1 magnate may have scored an own goal when he took on the football club QPR two years ago .
If the fans do n't like him , at least the ladies do .
But will his liaison with Wonderbra 's Elisabetta Gregoraci , 28 , last longer than the one with Victoria 's Secret star Heidi Klum ?
Nicolas Sarkozy , 54
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Le jogging president evoked not so much concern but ridicule when he collapsed last weekend after " un jog " too far .
His critics can't decide what 's worse : that he jogs in the midday heat ; that he jogs at all ; or that he thinks he can keep up with his wife , Carla Bruni -Sarkozy .
I first heard about this story from people who started calling my radio program to ask about it in the early 1990s .
There was such a flurry of calls that I finally promised the listeners I 'd look into it .
Most of the callers said they'd heard the story on Trinity Broadcasting Network , a Christian television network that originates from Southern California .
I called Trinity Broadcasting headquarters and asked about the story .
I was transferred to a woman who said , ' Oh yes , it 's true all right .
We 've got documentation .
It 's in our latest newsletter . '
I was on the network 's mailing list , so I looked through a pile of recent mail and found the article .
The newsletter said the details had come from the translation of an article in a Finnish newspaper named ' Ammennusatia ' .
It claimed : A geological group who drilled a hole about 14.4 kilometers deep in the crust of the earth are saying that they heard human screams .
Screams have been heard from the condemned souls from earth 's deepest hole .
Terrified scientists are afraid they have let loose the evil powers of hell up to the earth 's surface .
' The information we are gathering is so surprising , that we are sincerely afraid of what we might find down there , ' stated Dr Azzacov , the manager of the project in remote Siberia .
According to the story , the geologists were dumbfounded .
After they had drilled several kilometers through the earth 's crust , the drill bit suddenly began to rotate wildly .
' There is only one explanation , ' said Dr Azzacov .
' The deep center of the earth is hollow ! '
The report continued :
The second surprise was the high temperature they discovered in the earth 's center .
' The calculations indicate the given temperature was about 1,100 degrees Celsius , or over 2,000 degrees Fahrenheit , ' Azzacov pointed out .
' This is far more then we expected .
It seems almost like an inferno of fire is brutally going on in the center of the earth . '
' The last discovery was nevertheless the most shocking to our ears , so much so that the scientists are afraid to continue the project .
We tried to listen to the earth 's movements at certain intervals with supersensitive microphones , which were let down through the hole .
What we heard turned those logically thinking scientists into a trembling ruins .
It was a sometimes a weak , but high pitched sound which we thought to be coming from our own equipment , ' explained Dr Azzacov .
' But after some adjustments we comprehended that indeed the sound came from the earth 's interior .
We could hardly believe our own ears .
We heard a human voice , screaming in pain .
Even though one voice was discernible , we could hear thousands , perhaps millions , in the background , of suffering souls screaming .
After this ghastly discovery , about half of the scientists quit because of fear .
Hopefully , that which is down there will stay there , ' Dr Azzacov added .
According to the Trinity Broadcasting Network newsletter , the Finnish article had been given to them by a Texas evangelist , R.W. Schambach , who was a frequent guest on their network .
We checked with Schambach 's office and were assured that the story was ' absolutely true ' and had been substantiated .
They said they had an article from a ' respected scientific journal ' in Finland , as well as a letter from a Norwegian man , Age Rendalen , who had confirmed it .
Rendalen had sent his letter directly to Trinity Broadcasting Network and the details he revealed added a new dimension to the story .
Rendalen told the network that he had visited United States a few weeks earlier and happened upon their telecast about the Drilling to Hell story .
He wrote : I must confess that I laughed when I heard your account ...
I did not believe one word of it , and commented to my friend that Americans sure were gullible to believe that hell could be physically located to a hole in the ground .
I cannot even begin to tell you what a shock it was to me when I returned to Norway and found the newspapers full of reports about this incident .
I knew immediately that if there was a hell , I for sure would end up in it .
A tremendous fear took hold of me , and for two nights I dreamed about fire and screams until I surrendered to God and committed my life to his hands for safe - keeping .
In the letter , Rendalen went on to encourage the network not to let ' skeptics ' interfere with their telling of the story .
He included a copy and translation of what he claimed was an article from Norway 's largest and most reputable newspaper , with more information about the drilling .
Rendalen 's translation of the article told of opposition to the drilling by Russian atheists , as well as government intimidation to keep the scientists from telling the rest of the world about their discovery .
The account , which drew on the eyewitness testimony of a Mr Nummedal , also added a new detail :
What really unnerved the Soviets , apart from the voice recordings , was the appearance that same night of a fountainhead of luminous gas shooting up from the drill site , and out of the midst of this incandescent cloud pillar a brilliant being with bat wings revealed itself with the words ( in Russian ) : ' I have conquered , ' emblazoned against the dark Siberian sky .
' The incident was absolutely unreal ; the Soviets cried out in terror , ' says Mr Nummedal .
Later that night , he saw ambulance crews circulating in the community .
A driver he knew told him that they had been told to sedate everybody with a medication known to erase short term memory .
The Soviets use this drug in the treatment of shock victims .
So we now had not only a story about drilling into hell , but an additional version with a bat - like creature making an appearance .
My staff and I decided to roll up our shirt sleeves and trace the story as far as we could , especially since we had the names of newspapers and at least one individual who might know the facts .
The Finnish newspaper ' Ammennusastia , ' which is quoted in nearly every account of the story , is located in an area called Levasjoki .
We had a phone conversation with a staff member who told us the publication is not a ' respected newspaper ' or a ' scientific journal ' , as we had been told , but a monthly publication of a group of Finnish Christians .
The Drilling to Hell story , he said , had been based on the word of mouth recollection of another staff member , who had remembered reading it as a ' major article ' in a Finnish daily newspaper called ' Etela Soumen ' .
We contacted this newspaper and at first they could n't recall or find the story .
However , we later received a call saying they had discovered that the tale had appeared in their paper .
It was not in an article , however , but in a feature section that included letters from readers who could write about almost anything they wished .
Through the newspaper , we tracked down the person who wrote the letter with the Drilling to Hell story .
He was a kind , elderly man who , in spite of being reluctant to talk with us initially , told us through an interpreter that he could n't vouch for the credibility of the story .
He got it , he said , from a Christian newsletter called ' Vaeltajat ' , which was published by a group of Finnish missionaries .
We next contacted ' Vaeltajat ' .
The editor said the story had been printed in their July 1989 issue .
Where did he hear about it ?
He had received it from one of their readers , who claimed it had appeared in a newsletter called ' Jewels of Jericho ' , published by a group of Jewish Christians in California .
And that is where the Finnish trail came to an end .
One thing was clear at this point :
The Drilling to Hell story was looking and smelling like a pretty typical urban legend .
It was sensational , impossible to document , and only had life because of all the small publications that were quoting one another 's unsubstantiated stories .
However , there was still the Norwegian man , Age Rendalen , who had told the story of the ominous , bat - like creature emerging from the drill - hole .
The article in the Trinity Broadcasting Network newsletter said he lived near Oslo , so we called directory assistance and found him in about 45 seconds .
I talked with him on the phone myself : ' Are you the one who sent information to a Christian television network in the United States about scientists drilling into hell ? '
I asked .
' Yes , ' he said without hesitation .
' Well , ' I continued , ' Do you have any way of knowing whether it is true ? '
' Yes I do , ' he replied .
' Tell me about it , ' I asked .
' None of it is true , ' he said .
' I fabricated every word of it !'
Rendalen went on to explain that he had visited the US a few weeks earlier and had seen the host of a Christian television program enthusiastically relating the Drilling to Hell story .
He told me : ' I could n't believe that the hosts really thought the story was true and that they would broadcast it without apparently having checked it out . '
When he returned to Norway , Rendalen sat down and fabricated the graphic story of the bat - like creature and sent his letter to the television network .
His prediction was that they would use the story without investigating it .
To make an investigation easy for them , he included his name , address and telephone number on his letter .
He also included what he claimed was an article on the story from ' Norway 's largest and most reputable newspaper ' .
In fact , the article , which he falsely translated , was a piece in his local community paper about a building inspector .
Rendalen also included the name and telephone number of a pastor friend based in Southern California .
This pastor knew about the hoax and was prepared to reveal the truth if someone called to research it further with him .
However , as predicted , Trinity Broadcasting Network ran the story without contacting Renalden or the Californian pastor , and it appeared on television , radio and in a large number of publications .
None of those who used the story attempted to research it before going public .
' 2000 PEOPLE HAVE FOUND CHRIST !'
On 6th February 1990 , a listener of mine sent me a letter .
She had videotaped and documented all three occasions when this story was discussed on the Christian TV show put out by the network .
On 29th January 1990 , the show host is documented as saying : Let me just say , all of you that have written me all those nasty letters about the ' hole in hell ' , let me tell you I finally got the newspaper article which is from ' The World Weekly ' .
This is an international newspaper that has been translated into English from Finnish .
' Scientists fear they 've opened gates of hell !
Geologists drilling nine - mile hole hear human shrieks . '
I got a letter today from a geologist in Oklahoma and he 's really giving me a rough time .
He says that there is n't anything that could drill that deep .
Folks , I 'm just reporting what people have been sending to me and I do n't know if this is true or not .
I know one thing , if this is a trick of the Devil , he sure has blown it , because I know of about 2,000 people that have found Christ because of it !
True or false , I 'll tell you what I 'm doing , though .
We 're now going to do some investigative reporting of our own and we 're going to check with the Finnish government and the Department of the Interior and we 're really going to follow this up and see if they really did drill a hole nine miles down there , if they really did have a microphone down there , if they really did hear human shrieks of agony and pain as this newspaper article and as did many letters I have received from over there have indicated to us .
If I 'm wrong and they 're right , I 've got nothing to lose .
But if I 'm right and you 're wrong , you 've got everything to lose .
Unfortunately , the investigation by the show took place too late to prevent the damage of a widely spread rumor in the Christian community .
Rendalen has now issued an official statement about his actions and the whole incident , which says : ' The story is nothing more than a Christian " urban legend " without basis in reality . '
There are a couple of postscripts to this incident .
One is that the respected magazine , ' Biblical Archaeology Review ' , printed a story about the Drilling to Hell story , thinking it was so outrageous that readers would get a kick out of it .
Many of the readers took the article seriously , however , and either started passing it around as substantiation of the story , or wrote to the magazine to complain that it should n't have given it respectability .
Secondly , in August of 1990 , I was contacted by the pastor of a small church in Flagstaff , Arizona , who informed me that he had proof that this story was true .
Apparently , a man from his church , who was believed to be a PhD in Physics from MIT , came forward in private to claim that he was a scientist who had been on a secret mission in Russia for the past year and had met with Mikhail Gorbachev several times .
He verified that the Drilling to Hell story was indeed true .
He claimed : A hole was drilled deep into the crust of the earth in Siberia and a large cavity was found .
Unfortunately , news of this was leaked to the press and was distorted .
It is true that a recording was made of the sounds from deep in the hole , but the intense heat destroyed the microphone in spite of special cooling material around it , so that only seventeen seconds of sounds could be captured .
At the present time , scientists are drilling a second hole to confirm what was found the first time .
And a better system is being developed for cooling the microphone .
The scientist went on to claim that he was helping to design this microphone and was returning to Siberia shortly to further document the phenomenon .
He planned to return in about a year with more confirming information on this amazing phenomenon .
Six months later , I got a letter from another member of the church saying that this man had turned out to be neither a graduate of MIT nor a scientist .
In fact , he had skipped town with over $ 20,000 collected from church members who wanted to help finance his expedition .
How did this story originate ?
Again , we will never really know .
It is possible that somewhere in the world there has been a spooky experience during deep drilling operations .
I do n't know .
According to an August 1989 article in ' Science ' magazine , there is a Russian deep hole drilling project in Kola , near Murmansk , about 150 miles north of the Arctic Circle .
Another German deep drilling experiment in north - east Bavaria has discovered warmer temperatures than were expected at certain drilling levels , although nothing even close to 2,000 degrees Fahrenheit .
Characteristic of many urban legends , this story was alleged to have occurred in an obscure part of the world where it would be virtually impossible to track down the facts .
And once the story got started , people began quoting one another 's newsletters to validate their own .
This is the stuff of which tabloid newspapers are made .
Comment From Sher 10 - 8 - 4
If you need a laugh , this has some hilarious facts ( NON urban legend ... must be seen and read to be believed ) about the folks at Trinity Broadcasting who were spreading that ridiculous " news " story about ' drilling to hell '...
http://members.tripod.com/~anxietyny/jeezusjan.html
Liposuction for JEEEESUS , anyone ??
hahahahahahahahahahaha
Sher
Israel was yesterday criticised after it refused to allow a group of doctors on a humanitarian mission organised by the French government to enter Gaza .
The team , including three British medics , was turned back by Israeli border guards on Sunday and Monday .
They say their mission is purely humanitarian , aimed to helping those in medical need , and some of whom were left injured and in need of surgery after Israel 's attack on Gaza earlier this year .
One of the Britons refused entry to Gaza , Sonia Robbins , who is a reconstructive plastic surgeon , said : " I do n't know why we are being refused permission to enter .
" The consequences are that patients will not be operated on , children will have to wait until next time for surgery , and that wo n't happen until six months time .
" I think it is unacceptable to refuse a humanitarian mission . "
The team had tried to enter through the Erez crossing .
Robbins said she had been allowed to work in Gaza before .
She said the team of nine medics were concentrating on surgery to the upper limbs , and that their papers to gain entry into Gaza were all in order .
She added the border guards had been courteous as they refused the medical team permission to enter Gaza , where as well as treating the injured , they would help teach Palestinian doctors .
The mission is organised by the French doctor Professor Christophe Oberlin .
His lawyer has sent a letter to the Israeli defence ministry , demanding an explanation , and wrote : " The purpose of their meeting was for the both teams , to hold activities together of medical consultation , surgery and teaching . "
The letter says the denial of entry to the medical team amounts to Israel violating " the basic international humanitarian law principles , the obligations of Israel as the occupying power of the occupied territories , [ and ] its obligations under the international covenant of civil and political rights and the convention on the rights of the child . "
Talk to the hand : Cristiano Ronaldo's ex-girlfriend held back by security as she confronts him in club
This time last year they had just enjoyed a romantic Italian holiday together .
But last night Portuguese footballer Cristiano Ronaldo did not even give his former girlfriend Nereida Gallardo the time of day .
The Real Madrid winger , who recently had his legs insured for a whopping £ 85 million , was on a night out with a friend in the Spanish island of Majorca when his ex went to approach him .
Who are ya ?
Cristiano Ronaldo keeps on walking as ex-girlfriend Nereida Gallardo is held back after she tried to confront him in Majorca yesterday
Nereida ( left ) tried to wave and catch the eye of the Real Madrid star , who was on a short break on the Spanish island
Nothing to talk about : Ronaldo keeps it moving as an embarrassed Nereida is held back by security
But the 26 - year - old brunette , who was outside smoking a cigarette , was tackled by a security guard as she made a beeline for the 24 - year - old sportsman and promptly whisked away .
The Spanish model , who has had curly hair extensions since their split , protested , saying : ' But he is my ex-boyfriend ' .
However , Ronaldo was just not interested and did n't even bat an eyelid .
He ignored her and continued walking .
It is not the first time he has humiliated the topless model , who is from Majorca .
She repeatedly denied they had split last June , while he was romancing girls in the U.S. and claiming he was now single .
The security guard attempts to usher photographers away as the footballer gets into a waiting car
During their relationship , she paraded to Old Trafford in his CR7 earrings and wearing a ring emblazoned with his team number .
She even had a tattoo of his initials on her wrist to show her commitment to the Portuguese winker .
But after their split , the snubbed model eventually split the beans on their relationship , and revealed he was a vain mummy 's boy , who waxed his chest .
Ronaldo has clearly not forgiven her .
He was later seen leaving the club with his male friend , before getting into a waiting car .
He was taking a short break on a the Spanish island following his team 's 2 - 1 defeat against Juventus in Seville on Friday .
Ronaldo , who has made an £ 80 million move to Real Madrid from Manchester United , suffered a nasty tackle during the match .
Ronaldo left a Spanish nightclub with a male friend , escorted by security
In the last few minutes of the Peace Cup semi final in Seville , Czech defender Zdenek Grygera leapt into a challenge with Ronaldo and planted his studs into the forward 's right knee .
It was a tackle worthy of a red card and the Portuguese star looked to be in considerable pain , but he returned to the pitch after lengthy treatment .
Despite that , Madrid doctors wanted to ensure that there were no underlying problems that could worsen and have run a series of tests to determine that nothing is wrong .
Real Madrid have since taken out the £ 85 m policy to protect their new signing from such tackles .
Insurers will pay out if Ronaldo suffers a serious injury .
The deal means the Portuguese winger 's legs are among the most expensive in the world .
David Beckham took out the biggest personal insurance policy in sporting history two years ago - a mind - blowing £ 100m .
Ronaldo is also thought to have taken out personal insurance against injury since joining Real Madrid over the summer , although the figures have not been made public .
Real Madrid are thought to be paying more than £ 4,500 a month for the new policy .
Matthew Frank 's profile of Max Baucus in the Missoula Independent goes a long way to explaining how this unlikeliest of small state Senators finds himself at the center of the most important public policy debate of a generation .
The profile shows both how Baucus got to the point of perhaps securing his political legacy , but how he might also be the very person who dooms it to failure .
He 's a savvy centrist .
His political independence and the relationships he 's fostered with senators on both sides of the aisle make him uniquely suited to broker intensely complicated negotiations among the most powerful people and special interests in Washington , D.C. Colleagues claim no one works harder than Baucus .
He 's spent more than a year — beginning well before President Obama took office and made health care reform his top domestic priority — holding hearings and educating committee members on the nuances of the issue .
Baucus might be savvy , though his actions of recent weeks might cause some to question that characterization .
He 's definitely a centrist .
Frank recounts how he got into politics in the first place , querying a group of editors at the Missoulian on whether he'd have a better shot at winning elected office as a Democrat or Republican .
So , since 1972 , Baucus has called himself a Democrat , and has been elected as one , but as Frank says " straddled the fence " when it comes to political -- and policy -- decision making .
Frank recounts some of the key recent Baucus policy actions that lead observers to question where he really is working to represent his fellow Democrats , and his President , when it comes to healthcare reform :
Baucus was so crucial to passing George W. Bush 's $ 1.35 trillion tax cut in 2001 that he flanked the president when he signed the bill in the White House .
Then , two years later — and after winning reelection in a state that voted for Bush over Al Gore by 25 percentage points — Baucus voted against Bush 's 2003 tax cuts .
In 2002 , Baucus voted for the war in Iraq .
Then , in early 2007 , he gave a speech on the Senate floor urging President Bush to bring the troops home .
( His nephew Philip , a Marine corporal , died in Anbar province in July 2006 . )
Baucus again pivoted in 2005 , leading Senate Democrats in an effort to block Bush 's push to privatize Social Security ....
In 2003 , Baucus played a critical role — he was one of only two Democrats invited to the negotiating table — in helping Republicans pass a $ 400 billion , industry - friendly Medicare prescription - drug bill .
The measure provided billions of dollars in subsidies to insurance companies and health maintenance organizations , and was considered the first step toward privatizing Medicare .
Montana Democrats denounced Baucus for caving in to the Republican - led Congress .
He acknowledged the bill was far from perfect , but argued that his involvement made it better , especially for rural Montanans .
Then , more recently , Baucus was the lead author and advocate of a bill to renew the Children 's Health Insurance Program ( CHIP ) .
It was twice vetoed by then - President Bush .
President Obama finally signed it into law in February , providing health insurance for some 30,000 uninsured Montana children .
Democrats roundly praised Baucus ' effort .
What is most infuriating for Democrats , and particularly Democrats on Baucus 's Finance Committee , is that after all that heavy lifting to get the CHIP expansion finally passed , Baucus has traded it away in his negotiations with a few Republican Senators , trying for that elusive " bipartisanship . "
Democrat Jay Rockefeller has objected that Baucus 's proposed legislation would end the program and could reduce the scope of benefits for 11 million children in the program .
That 's an unacceptable trade - off for virtually all Democrats , and a real backslide on reform .
That just added fuel to the fire for Democrats who have been shut out of Baucus 's process .
The Finance Committee has been replaced by the Baucus Committee , two other conservative Democrats ( Kent Conrad , ND and Jeff Bingaman , NM ) and three Republicans ( Chuck Grassley , IA , Olympia Snowe , ME , and Mike Enzi , WY ) .
These six have holed up for weeks , working out a plan that many Democrats will have a hard time supporting and 99.9 percent of Republicans will oppose because they have no interest in helping the Democrats pass this massive reform .
From the outside , it 's a fool 's errand .
Baucus is trading away the store , leaving the shell of a bill that could give us some needed insurance reforms , but will fall far short of actually reforming the system , in the vain hope that he can bring Republicans along .
His own Republican negotiators proved just how pointless this exercise in placating Republicans is this week , when Mike Enzi publically rejected the idea that he was negotiation at all on behalf of Republicans .
Enzi , a soft - spoken conservative , was furious about headlines Wednesday morning that suggested he was close to reaching a deal with the Democrats .
" I felt my reputation was in danger , " he said .
He issued a statement batting down the stories and insisted any deal he might ultimately sign onto would have to be preserved by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - California , and Reid when it is merged with other more liberal legislation in the Senate and House .
" I ’m not interested in lending credibility to disaster , " Enzi said .
Then Enzi upped the ante , making demands that can never be met , and leaving his negotiating partner Baucus in the dust :
Enzi said that Reid and Pelosi would have to commit to leaving any bipartisan agreements in place once the bill goes to conference .
" I also need commitments from Senator Reid and Speaker Pelosi , as well as the Administration , that the bipartisan agreements reached in the Finance Committee will survive in a final bill that goes to the president , " Enzi added .
Five other Congressional committees and the White House , are supposed to leave completely intact the legislation negotiated in secret by six Senators who represent less than 3 % of the nation 's population .
Legislative process be damned , the Mike Enzi healthcare reform bill has to be passed without question , without amendment by all the other committees .
And , if recent key votes are any indicator , all of the Republicans in Congress are going to vote against it anyway .
In case Senator Baucus had n't noticed it yet , Chuck Grassley and Mike Enzi just hijacked his bill .
Which , interesting , Frank predicted as the likely outcome of Baucus 's efforts :
His deal - making rap , for better or worse , will remain .
And the legacy of health care reform will almost certainly belong to someone else .
" That 's frankly unfortunate for Max , " says former Congressman Williams , " but that 's where it is . "
But , as Frank notes , it does n't have to be that way .
" There is one other option : Baucus can claim his own legacy , not by again stepping toward the middle , but by stepping forward . "
Cross-posted from New West .
Honor Our Hemp- raising Patriot Heroes
By “ Thomas Paine ”
It is our patriotic duty to honor our Founding Heroes , America ’s greatest hemp growers .
George Washington , Thomas Jefferson , James Madison --- virtually all Revolutionary Americans who had access to land --- embraced hemp ’s critical role in our early economy .
Accordingly , they raised it in mass quantities .
We must now honor them by demanding its immediate legalization , to save our economy and our ecology .
For rope , for paper , for clothing , for food , for fuel , this miracle plant has been a critical crop for cash and survival for 6,000 years , since the onset of ancient China .
Today it is a multi-billion - dollar product there and in Germany and Canada , among other major economies .
There is no rational reason for hemp to be illegal .
Some law enforcement “ experts ” say it resembles marijuana , and therefore must be banned .
What are they smoking ?
Certainly not hemp , which gives its imbibers little more than a splitting headache and a nasty cough .
Today , marijuana is the largest cash crop in many states and regions of the United States .
A billion dollars - worth of it was purchased under medical auspices last year in California alone .
Properly taxed , its users freed from our overcrowded prisons , pot ’s legalization could offer a giant step out of our financial morass .
But as an agricultural staple , marijuana pales alongside hemp .
This miracle weed returns on its own year after year , requiring no pesticides , herbicides or special fertilizers .
It is hardy , fast - growing and supremely productive .
A single hemp plant can provide the basis for very high - quality rope , sails for ships , cloth for clothing , paper for documents , seeds for food and oil , the cellulosic base for ethanol , and much more .
It is the feed of choice for untold numbers of birds and land animals .
It can be the basis for innumerable stressed eco-systems where it survives and thrives with virtually no human input .
As a staple spread across the Great Plains and through the rest of America ’s battered farmland , it could help restore our shattered crop base and our devastated rural economy .
Presidents Washington and Jefferson --- both of them extremely advanced agronomists --- cataloged their techniques for growing hemp at great length .
They would simply not comprehend the concept --- let alone the reality --- that hemp might be illegal .
Early drafts of both the Declaration of Independence and Constitution were written on sturdy paper made of hemp .
Now , more than ever , we need the essence of both the documents and the crop .
Save Our Planet !
Stimulate Our Economy !!
Honor our Founders !!!
Be a Patriot !!!!
Legalize Hemp Now !!!!!
“ Thomas Paine ’s ” PASSIONS OF THE POTSMOKING PATRIOTS is at www.harveywasserman.com
A Russian woman has set a new world record for vagina lifting …. and yes , before you ask , we ’re not making this up , and yes , the Guinness Book of Records keeps a tally on the record .
42 year old Tatiata Kozhevnikova broke the record by lifting a 31 pound ( 14 kg ) glass ball .
According to local media , Tatiata has been exercising her vagina for fifteen years .
“ After I had a child , my intimate muscles got unbelievably weak .
I read books on Dao and learned that ancient women used to deal with this problem using wooden balls , ” she said .
“ I looked around , saw a Murano glass ball and inserted it in my vagina .
It took me ages to get it out ! ”
Just in case you have n’t tried lifting weights with your vagina before , Tatiata recommends it to all women who want to improve their sex life .
“ It ’s enough to exercise your vagina five minutes a day , ladies , and in just one week you ’ll be able to give yourself and your man unforgettable pleasure in bed , ” she said .
Sir John Sawers is currently the UK's ambassador to the United Nations
The UK foreign secretary has defended the next head of MI6 after details of his private life were removed from social networking site Facebook .
David Miliband denied security had been compromised after the wife of Sir John Sawers posted family photographs and details of their children and home .
Mr Miliband told the BBC : " You know he wears a Speedo swimsuit .
That 's not a state secret . "
Some Tories said the disclosure was damaging and Lib Dems want an inquiry .
However , other senior Conservatives have played down the risks .
Sir John is the UK's ambassador to the United Nations and is due to take up his new post in November .
The Mail on Sunday said information published on Facebook included the couple 's friendships with senior diplomats and actors , including Moir Leslie from BBC Radio 4's The Archers .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Lady Sawers revealed the location of the London flat used by the couple and the whereabouts of their three grown - up children and of Sir John 's parents , the paper said .
She had not imposed privacy protection on her account , allowing any of Facebook 's 200 million users in the open- access " London " network to see the entries , it added .
The coverage also featured several family photographs , including some of Sir John wearing swimming shorts on holiday .
But Mr Miliband told the BBC's Andrew Marr programme : " Are you leading the news with that ?
" The fact that there 's a picture that the head of the MI6 goes swimming - wow , that really is exciting .
' No state secret ' " It is not a state secret that he wears Speedo swimming trunks , for goodness sake let 's grow up .
" He is an outstanding professional who will do a really good job in an outstanding organisation . "
Shadow business secretary Ken Clarke also dismissed the potential security implications of the information , saying he " very much doubted " national security was jeopardised .
" In the old days we used to keep the name secret , all photographs were banned and I never really believed that the Russians did n't know who the head of MI6 and MI5 was , " he told Sky News .
We would be negligent if there was n't an internal inquiry into the security implications
Edward Davey , Liberal Democrats
Profile of new MI6 boss " I suspect that the enemies of this country do not wholly rely on the Mail on Sunday and Facebook for their information so I personally would get a little more calm , " he added .
Former Prime Minister Sir John Major said the issue had been " overblown " .
He said : " I know John Sawers .
He 's a very able man , he 's a very able appointment .
It 's pretty unfortunate that this has happened , I think that is true .
" But I think when you 're faced with leaving Iraq possibly too early , huge problems in Afghanistan , the mess in Pakistan , the depth of the recession , I think this falls a long way below those . "
They spoke out after Conservative MP Patrick Mercer , chairman of the counter - terrorism sub-committee , told the BBC it raised worrying issues .
He was concerned about the revelation of " the location of flats , transport details , movement details , of an individual who is our most senior counter - terrorism officer abroad " .
' Negligent '
He added : " A great deal of taxpayers ' money has been spent over the past several decades making sure he and his family are protected from security compromises .
" Well , it does n't seem to be very relevant any more , does it ? "
Liberal Democrat foreign affairs spokesman Edward Davey also claimed the disclosure had the potential to damage the security of Sir John 's family .
" We would be negligent if there was n't an internal inquiry into the security implications , not just in relation to MI6 but to Sir John and his family , " he said .
Lady Sawers had no Facebook privacy protection , the Mail on Sunday says " We need to be reassured that this has been considered properly and there is nothing we need to worry about as a result of this . "
Sir John is due to replace Sir John Scarlett as head of the overseas Secret Intelligence Service ( MI6 ) .
He has been the UK's Permanent Representative to the UN since 2007 .
Before that he was political director at the Foreign Office , an envoy in Baghdad and a foreign affairs adviser to former Prime Minister Tony Blair .
He was in that post from 1999 to 2001 and was involved in the Kosovo conflict and Northern Ireland peace process .
Elsewhere overseas he worked in the British embassy in Washington , as an ambassador in Cairo and to South Africa from 1988 and 1991 when apartheid was ending .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Steampunk Mechanical Cheetah is so awesome that even ordinary folks who are not fans of Steampunk art will appreciate it .
Designed by Andrew Chase , this mechanical cat took him 60 grueling hours spread over ten weeks to build .
Steampunk fans will know that cheetahs are part of the underworld ecosystem in the “ Timmy ” universe and are couriers of small objects ( a sort of steampunk FedEx ) and also run in the treadmills .
The beautiful cheetah has been made from electrical conduit , transmission parts , and 20 - gauge steel .
I seriously have been bowled over with this Cheetah ’s beautiful green eyes .
Just watching this cheetah sprint across on her paw wheels is enough to drive anyone crazy .
Simply amazing , this Cheetah is a Steampunk masterpiece .
Rejected watermelons that are currently plowed back into the field due to blemishes or misshapenness — and therefore deemed unsalable — could be used to drive your car .
Results published in the open access journal Biotechnology for Biofuels show that the juice from these culled watermelons can either be efficiently turned into ethanol or used as a diluent for other biofuel crops .
“ About 20 % of each annual watermelon crop is left in the field because of surface blemishes or because they are misshapen .
We ’ve shown that the juice of these melons is a source of readily fermentable sugars , representing a heretofore untapped feedstock for ethanol biofuel production , ” explains lead author Wayne Fish with the USDA - Agricultural Research Service ’s South Central Agricultural Research Laboratory .
Fish also says that watermelon juice is a source of lycopene and L - citrulline , two ‘ nutraeuticals ’ ( a word - combination of nutrition and pharmaceuticals ) that are in high demand in the health - foods ’ market .
After these compounds are removed to be sold , the juice can still be fermented into ethanol .
Citation : Wayne W Fish , Benny D Bruton and Vincent M Russo .
Watermelon juice : a promising feedstock supplement , diluent , and nitrogen supplement for ethanol biofuel production .
Biotechnology for Biofuels .
August , 25 , 2009 .
Related articles
Biofuel company eyes dead zone in the Gulf of Mexico for creating fish - powered fuel
( 08/18/2009 ) ‘ Dead zones ’ in the ocean are called such for a reason .
Every year agricultural run-off , especially fertilizer , floods the oceans with an abundance of nutrients leading to algae blooms , i.e. massive explosions of phytoplankton .
The demise of these blooms , and the rise of bacteria feeding on them , eventually starves the entire area of oxygen creating a ‘ dead zone ’ where the vast majority marine life ca n’t survive .
Considered by most to be an environmental catastrophe , a new company is looking at dead zones in a different light : fuel and profit .
Beer waste to be used for home biofuel production
( 07/16/2009 ) Southern California residents will soon be able to produce their own ethanol fuel from beer residue .
Algae could yield 30 times more biofuel than soybeans , while cleaning the environment
( 08/15/2008 ) Algae could be used as a biofuel while simultaneously cleaning up the environment , report researchers at the University of Virginia .
FOCUS Online : Ist die Piratenpartei eine Protestpartei ?
Jens Seipenbusch : Es ist eine europäische Bewegung .
Natürlich spielt Protest dabei auch eine Rolle .
Viele Internetnutzer mussten feststellen , dass sich die Politik offensichtlich nicht mit den Themen der Informationsgesellschaft befasst .
Stattdessen wurden sie als „ Internetpiraten “ diffamiert .
Daraus haben dann einige Leute den Schluss gezogen , dass sie die Regeln der Informationsgesellschaft selbst formulieren müssen .
Deshalb wurde vor zweieinhalb Jahren in Schweden die erste Piratenpartei gegründet .
FOCUS Online : Also sind die Piraten eine Partei der Internetnutzer ?
Der Eindruck entsteht natürlich leicht , weil das Internet unsere Plattform ist .
Wir ziehen aber auch viele Bürger an , die nicht besonders internetaffin sind .
Wir versuchen allen Leuten klarzumachen , wie sich ihr Leben durch die digitale Revolution ändert .
Diese Veränderungen ziehen sich durch alle Bereiche des Lebens .
Welche Bereiche sind das im Besonderen ?
Bestes Beispiel ist natürlich das Urheberrecht .
Zweiter Bereich sind die Bürgerrechte im digitalen Zeitalter .
Durch die großen technischen Möglichkeiten besteht die Gefahr , dass wir in eine Art Überwachungsstaat hineingeraten .
Dies wird noch mehr Auswirkungen auf den Einzelnen haben als die Auseinandersetzungen um das Urheberrecht .
Lehnen
Sie das Konzept des geistigen Eigentums generell ab ?
Wir glauben nicht , dass es so etwas wie geistiges Eigentum überhaupt gibt .
Es gibt aber sehr wohl bestimmte Rechte aus Urheberschaft .
Deswegen lehnen wir das Urheberrecht nicht ab , aber im digitalen Zeitalter wird man es nur halten können – auch im Sinne der Autoren – wenn man es auf kommerzielle Belange einschränkt .
Deswegen plädieren wir für eine Ausweitung der Privatkopien .
Auch früher hat man Privatkopien zugelassen , damit man nicht Polizisten in jede Wohnung schicken musste .
Das sollte auch heute wieder so sein .
An einer Erweiterung der Privatkopie geht in unseren Augen kein Weg vorbei .
We found that ( 1 ) tactile stimuli were mislocalized towards the seen body ( 2 ) CCEs were modulated systematically during visual - somatosensory conflict when subjects viewed their body but not when they viewed a body - sized object , i.e.
CCEs were larger during synchronous than during asynchronous stroking of the body and ( 3 ) these changes in the mapping of tactile stimuli were induced in the same experimental condition in which predictable changes in bodily self - consciousness occurred .
We measured full body CCEs by attaching four vibrator - light pairs to the trunks ( backs ) of subjects who viewed their bodies from behind via a camera and a head mounted display ( HMD ) .
Subjects made speeded elevation ( up / down ) judgments of the tactile stimuli while ignoring light stimuli .
To modulate self - identification for the seen body subjects were stroked on their backs with a stick and the felt stroking was either synchronous or asynchronous with the stroking that could be seen via the HMD .
In the present study we tested whether CCEs – studied so far only for hands – would also be found when viewing one 's own body from an external perspective , from two metres behind .
Firstly , we studied whether CCEs were modulated by the visual presence or absence of the subject 's own body .
Secondly , to investigate whether these ‘ full body CCEs ’ could be associated in a predictable way with changes in bodily self - consciousness , we kept the visual stimulus constant and manipulated self - identification with the virtual body and self - location by employing either synchronous or asynchronous stroking of the back .
Here we linked the study of global bodily self - consciousness with the measurement of the spatial representation of visuo - tactile stimuli by using the crossmodal congruency task [ 30 ] .
We hypothesized that this task could function - during the ‘ full body illusion ’ described above - as an effective measure for probing global aspects of bodily self - consciousness ( global ownership and self - location ) because the crossmodal congruency effect ( CCE ) can function as a behavioural index of whether visual and tactile stimuli are functionally perceived to be at the same spatial location .
In previous studies of the CCE [ 12 ] , [ 30 ] – [ 33 ] the visual and tactile stimuli were presented on the hands ( a very recent study tested CCEs with stimuli on feet [ 34 ] ) .
Subjects performed worse when a distracting visual stimulus occurred at an incongruent elevation with respect to the tactile ( target ) stimulus .
Importantly , the CCE ( difference between performance in incongruent and congruent conditions ) was larger when the visual and tactile stimuli occurred closer to each other in space [ 30 ] .
The CCE has previously been used as a measure of the tactile mislocalisation of touch towards a rubber hand when a fake hand was either aligned or misaligned with subjects ' own hands ( [ 12 ] , see also [ 15 ] ) .
This measure has a number of advantages : its magnitude is relatively large and it is less susceptible to experimenter expectancy effects than previous behavioural proxies of bodily self - consciousness .
Moreover , the congruency task enables the collection of repeated , ‘ online ’ measurements during manipulations of self - consciousness : this has not previously been done in studies of partial or global bodily self - consciousness .
Recent studies [ 17 ] , [ 18 ] , [ 25 ] – [ 27 ] have further demonstrated that global aspects of self - consciousness ( self - location and self - identification for the full body ) - which are disturbed in neurological patients with autoscopic phenomena - can also be manipulated in healthy individuals by generating multisensory conflicts .
In one study [ 18 ] subjects viewed their own body from behind via a head - mounted display while their backs were stroked .
When the ‘ felt stroking ’ on the back of the body was congruent with the ‘ seen stroking ’ on the ‘ virtual ’ body , subjects showed higher degrees of ownership ( or self - identification ) for the virtual body , and mislocalized their self to a position outside their bodily borders .
The studies on global bodily self - consciousness quantified ownership by verbal or physiological responses [ 18 ] , [ 25 ] , [ 27 ] , or behavioural proxies such as perceived spatial ‘ drift ’ [ 18 ] , based on drift measures in the RHI [ 10 ] .
However these measures do not reveal whether modifications in global bodily self - consciousness are associated with changes in tactile spatial representations .
Investigating this aspect is important , as it will reveal whether basic sensory processing of bodily signals is involved in the representation of the bodily self .
What is more , the supposed primacy of the tactile sense in self - consciousness [ 28 ] , [ 29 ] generates the prediction that whenever self - location is displaced , an associated change in the mapping of tactile sensations should also occur .
Investigations of the RHI and related studies of the conscious experience of hands and other body parts are very important , but in addition , some authors argue that to achieve a full understanding of bodily self - consciousness we must also investigate its global character [ 5 ] , [ 16 ] – [ 18 ] .
A fundamental aspect of bodily self - consciousness is that the bodily self is experienced as a single and coherent representation of the entire , spatially situated body , not as a collection of several different body parts [ 5 ] , [ 16 ] , [ 19 ] .
This is also apparent in neurological observations .
Although illusory ownership in the RHI and somatoparaphrenia ( when neurological patients claim either that their arm belongs to another person or that another person 's arm belongs to them [ 20 ] , [ 21 ] ) exemplify deviant forms of bodily self - consciousness , they affect body part ownership , or the attribution and localization of a hand with respect to the bodily self , i.e. they are characterised by part - to - whole relationships .
This can be contrasted with neurological patients who have illusory perceptions of their full bodies such as in out - of - body experiences and heautoscopy .
These states are characterized by abnormal experience with respect to the global bodily self , e.g. a mislocalization and a misidentification of the entire body [ 22 ] – [ 24 ] .
The most basic foundations of the self arguably lie in those complex brain systems that represent the body [ 1 ] – [ 5 ] .
This has been explored in research investigating multisensory and sensorimotor bodily mechanisms and their relevance for conscious aspects of processing related to body and self ( or bodily self - consciousness : [ 5 ] – [ 9 ] ) .
An important line of research has studied bodily self - consciousness by investigating the sense of ownership for one 's hand [ 3 ] , [ 4 ] , [ 8 ] , [ 10 ] – [ 14 ] .
These experiments manipulated the sense of hand ownership by altering the congruence between multimodal sources of hand - related signals .
For example , in the ‘ rubber hand illusion ’ ( RHI ) , a subject looks at a fake hand that is being stroked by a paintbrush in synchrony with stroking applied to his own ( occluded ) corresponding hand , positioned a small distance away from the fake hand .
Synchronous stroking of the seen fake hand and one 's own unseen ( real ) hand can induce the illusion that the fake hand ‘ feels like it's my hand ’ ( illusory ownership or self - attribution [ 10 ] , [ 11 ] , [ 13 ] ) .
In the RHI there is also a mislocalization ( or drift ) of the subject 's hand towards the fake hand .
Importantly , illusory ownership and drift are much reduced when the stroking is asynchronous [ 10 ] , [ 11 ] , [ 13 ] , [ 15 ] .
For study 1 , RT and accuracy data were analysed using a repeated measures ANOVA with three factors : body ( body visible / not visible ) , side ( same / different ) and congruency ( congruent / incongruent ) .
Mean RT and errors for all conditions are shown in table 2 .
To examine the effect of stroking type , a separate repeated measures ANOVA was run with factors stroking type ( asynchronous / synchronous ) , side ( same / different ) and congruency ( congruent / incongruent ) .
For study 2 and study 3 , RT and accuracy data were again analysed using a repeated measures ANOVA with the factors stroking type , side and congruency .
We mainly focus on the RT data rather than accuracy , as this has been shown to be more sensitive [ 12 ] , [ 15 ] , [ 33 ] .
Trials with incorrect responses and trials in which subjects failed to respond within 1500 msec were discarded from the reaction time ( RT ) analysis ( following the method of [ 30 ] ) .
As a result an average of 4.8 % of trials per subject were discarded .
The mean RTs and the drift ( self - location ) measures ( calculated relative to initial position = 0 ) were normally distributed ( Kolmogorov - Smirnov test for normality ) and were analyzed using two - tailed repeated measures analyses of variance ( ANOVA ) and two - tailed t- tests , respectively .
The questionnaire scores were analyzed using a non-parametric test ( Wilcoxon matched pairs test ) .
The significance ( alpha ) level used was 0.05 .
Study 3 ( object control ) :
All stimulus and procedural details were as described for the synchronous and asynchronous blocks in study 2 , except that in ‘ synchronous object ’ blocks , subjects ' backs were stroked with the stick in synchrony with stroking viewed – via the HMD – on a white upright rectangular human - sized metal panel ( the object ; Fig. 1 ; bottom two panels ) .
In the ‘ asynchronous object ’ blocks the subjects ' backs were again stroked with the stick but a delay was added to the visual display presented on the HMD ( as described in study 2 ) so that the ‘ felt stroking ’ was asynchronous with respect to the seen stroking on the object .
In the object blocks the vibrators were attached to the backs of subjects , as described previously , but the LEDs were attached to the object and were placed at the same height from the ground and at the same relative distances as the vibrators on the subjects ' backs .
The procedure was identical for all blocks except for those details added below .
Subjects were instructed to keep their eyes open and fixate a location in the middle of their backs , as viewed via the HMD .
For the first minute of each block no vibrotactile or LED stimuli were presented and subjects were instructed to stand still and wait for the first stimulus .
Subjects then had to signal with their right hand , pressing one of two buttons as fast as possible , whether they felt a vibration at the top ( an upper device ) or at the bottom ( a lower device ) of their backs ( regardless of side ) , while trying to ignore the light flashes .
These responses enabled us to measure reaction times ( RTs ) and accuracies .
At the end of the block ( of duration ∼ 9 mins ) global self - localization was measured by first passively displacing the subjects ( the experimenter gently guided the subjects - who had their eyes closed - while they took very small steps backwards ) .
They were then asked to walk back to their initial position ( while keeping their eyes closed ) with normal - sized steps ( as in [ 18 ] ) .
The distance ( the ‘ drift ’ ) between the position held during the experimental block and the position indicated by the subject was measured .
Self - identification with the seen body and other phenomenological aspects were assessed at the end of each block by a questionnaire adapted from [ 18 ] ; see Table 1 .
Subjects took a short break before the subsequent block .
All subjects completed a training session ( with the body visible and no stroking ) prior to the experimental blocks .
In study 1 there were 30 trials per condition ( same congruent , same side incongruent , different side congruent and different side incongruent ) and in studies 2 and 3 there were 25 trials per condition .
The order of blocks was counterbalanced across subjects .
Stimulus timings were controlled by a program written with E - Prime software .
Each trial consisted of a light ( LED ) flash followed by a vibro- tactile stimulus .
The active LED and active vibrating motor were varied randomly and independently from trial to trial .
Each trial began with a light flash of 33 msec duration .
In study 1 , vibro- tactile stimuli were presented 33 msec after the light onset , and for a duration of 100 msec .
Note that the vibrator only reached full speed after 50 msec , thus the vibration onset was not exactly at the SoA given .
N.B. In studies 2 and 3 the parameters were identical except that vibro-tactile stimuli were presented 233 msec after the light onset .
After subjects had responded with a button press there was a 1 second pause before the succeeding trial commenced .
Subject stood two metres in front of a camera with a 3D - encoder .
Four light - vibration devices were fixed to the subject 's back , the upper two at the inner edges of the shoulder blades and the lower two 9 cm below .
In the object control conditions the lights were attached to a white rectangular metal panel .
The small inset windows represent what the subject viewed via the head mounted device .
1 . ( Upper row ) left panel : ‘ body visible ’ condition ; right panel : ‘ body not visible ’ condition .
2 . ( Middle row ) left panel : synchronous stroking condition ; right panel : asynchronous stroking .
3 . ( Bottom row ) - Object control – left panel : synchronous stroking ; right panel : asynchronous stroking .
We constructed four ‘ light - vibration ’ devices , each consisting of a small vibrating motor ( Precision MicroDrives shaftless vibration motors , model 312–101 , 3V , 60 mA , 9000 rpm ( 150 Hz ) , 5 g ) paired with a single bright light emitting diode ( LED ; luminance 45 cd /m 2 ) .
The motors had a surface area ( the area touching the skin ) of 113 mm 2 and reached maximal rotation speed in approximately 50 ms .
The devices were attached to the skin using tape .
The two ‘ upper ’ devices were positioned at the inner edges of the shoulder blades and the two ‘ lower ’ devices 9 cm below ( Fig. 1 ) .
Subjects stood with their backs facing a 3D video camera placed 2 metres behind .
The video was projected in real time ( except for asynchronous blocks , see below ) onto a head mounted display ( HMD ) enabling subjects to view the video in stereoscopic 3D .
White noise was presented over headphones to mask any noise from the vibrators , and subjects wore a cloth hood over their heads to occlude vision of their surroundings .
The experiment took place under artificial illumination except for the ‘ body not visible ’ block when the room lights were switched off and the subjects stood in darkness ( but could still see the LEDs ) .
During ‘ stroking blocks ’ the backs ( the area spanning the shoulders to waist ) of subjects were irregularly stroked , about twice per second by the experimenter with a long wooden stick , and subjects could view the stroking via the HMD .
The stroking began one minute before the first vibrotactile stimulus and continued throughout the entire block .
In asynchronous blocks a camera delay of 400 msec was introduced ( using a delaying device ) so that ‘ seen stroking ’ and ‘ felt stroking ’ did not correspond .
A total of 35 healthy right - handed subjects took part : 13 ( 8 males , mean age 24 years ) in study 1 , 13 ( 9 males , mean age 26 years ) in study 2 , and 9 ( 6 males , mean age 23 years ) in the object control study ( study 3 ) .
Two subjects were excluded from the analyses of study 1 because of chance - level performance in some conditions .
Different subjects took part in studies 1 , 2 and 3 .
All subjects had no previous experience with the task or experimental paradigms .
All subjects had normal or corrected to normal vision and had no history of neurological or psychiatric conditions .
There was no significant difference in the mean drift between the synchronous object and asynchronous object conditions ( t 1,8 = 0.41 ; p>0.05 ) .
For the questionnaire data , there was a significant difference between ratings of the self - identification question ( “ I felt as if the object was my body “ ) for the synchronous and asynchronous object blocks ( z = 2.20 ; p = 0.03 ) , however the ratings were barely , or not even positive ( 4.1 for synchronous and 2.9 for synchronous on a scale where rating 4 is neither positive nor negative , i.e. ‘ zero ’ ) .
Figure 6 plots the size of the CCE for same and different sides for synchronous and asynchronous stroking for the object control condition .
For the object condition there was no difference in the size of the CCE for same side versus different side visual presentation during either synchronous stroking or asynchronous stroking .
The ANOVA did not reveal any significant main effects : stroking type ( F 1 , 8 = 0.04 , p = 0.846 ) ; side ( F 1 , 8 = 0.01 , p = 0.921 ) ; congruency ( F 1 , 8 = 4.43 , p = 0.068 ) , or any significant interactions : stroking type×side ( F 1 , 8 = 1.57 , p = 0.246 ) ; stroking type ×congruency ( F 1 , 8 = 0.60 , p = 0.460 ) ; side ×congruency ( F 1 , 8 = 0.452 , p = 0.520 ) ; stroking type×side ×congruency ( F 1 , 8 = 1.17 , p = 0.311 ) .
We replicated the previous result for the ‘ body ’ condition in this new sample of subjects , i.e. the effects confirmed those of study 2 : during synchronous stroking the CCE was significantly larger when the light appeared on the same side as the tactile stimulus compared to when it appeared on the different side ( t 1,8 = 2.60 ; p = 0.031 ) , whereas the CCE during asynchronous stroking did not differ for same and different side light presentation ( t 1,8 = 0.39 ; p>0.05 ) .
Study 2 revealed that the CCE differs between synchronous and asynchronous stroking , and study 1 showed that CCEs are found when the LEDs are presented on a body but not when the body is not visible .
Study 3 was carried out to further understand these effects .
In order to determine whether the modulating effect of stroking is specific to the case where a human body is viewed or could also be found when an inanimate object is stroked , we ran a final control experiment with nine subjects who viewed ( via the HMD ) synchronous and asynchronous stroking on an object or on their body while stroking was applied to their backs , as before .
In the synchronous condition the subjects showed a mean drift in self - location of 8.1 cm towards the virtual body , whereas in the asynchronous condition the mean drift was 0.1 cm ( Figure 5 ) .
The size of the drift in the synchronous condition was significantly different from the drift in the asynchronous condition ( t 1,12 = 2.21 ; p = 0.047 ; two - tailed t- test ) .
For the questionnaire data , statistical analysis revealed significant differences between the synchronous and asynchronous conditions only for questions 1 and 3 .
Participants gave a significantly higher positive rating in the synchronous condition compared to the asynchronous condition for question 1 ( “ It seemed as if I was feeling the touch of the stick in the location where I saw the virtual body being touched ” ) evaluating touch ( z = 2.8 ; p = 0.005 ) and for question 3 ( “ I felt as if the virtual body was my body “ ) evaluating self - identification ( z = 2.3 ; p = 0.020 ) , see Table 1 and Figure 5 .
With an SOA of 233 msec , we found that the type of stroking modulates the CCE .
In the synchronous condition the CCE was larger when the light appeared on the same side as the tactile stimulus compared to when it appeared on the different side , whereas the CCE during asynchronous stroking did not differ for same and different side light presentations ( see figure 4 ) .
The ANOVA revealed a significant main effect of side ( F 1,12 = 9.10 ; p = 0.011 ) , congruency ( F 1,12 = 15.80 ; p = 0.002 ) , a significant interaction between side and congruency ( F 1,12 = 13.40 ; p = 0.003 ) , and crucially , a significant three - way interaction between stroking type , side and congruency ( F 1,12 = 11.30 ; p = 0.006 ) .
Planned comparisons between same and different side CCEs for synchronous and asynchronous conditions revealed that the CCE was significantly larger for the same side than different side in the synchronous condition ( t 1,12 = 4.01 ; p = 0.002 ) , but not in the asynchronous condition ( t 1,12 = 2.17 ; p>0.05 ) .
The error rates showed a similar pattern of modulation by congruency and side .
There was a significant main effect of congruency ( F 1,12 = 21.69 ; p = 0.001 ) and a significant interaction between side and congruency ( F 1,12 = 60.46 ; p = 0.000 ) .
There were no other significant main effects or interactions .
The congruency effect in error rate for synchronous stroking was 16 % for same side and 3 % for different side .
For asynchronous stroking the congruency effect was 18 % for same side and 3 % for different side .
We therefore ran a second study with a different ( increased ) SOA between the LED and vibro-tactile stimuli .
In order to maximise temporal asynchrony between these stimuli , but potentially retain a CCE , we chose an SOA of 233 msec based on results showing that the CCE is still present for SOAs of ∼ 200 msec [ 33 ] .
Stimuli were presented in three different experimental blocks – synchronous , asynchronous and no stroking blocks - as in study 1 .
As predicted , we found that the CCE is present for the full body , and is larger when subjects see their body ( as compared to when they do not see their body ) .
Our second prediction was not confirmed : stroking ( synchronous versus asynchronous ) neither modulated the CCE , nor did it modify self - location or self - identification .
The lack of a stroking effect on self - location and self - identification ( question 3 ) is , at first sight , at odds with the findings of a previous study [ 18 ] that found a significant increase in both measures during synchronous stroking .
This may have been because in the present set - up we added a second visuo - tactile mismatch ( LED versus vibration ) to the visuo - tactile mismatch already present due to stroking , thus the stimuli in the congruency task may have interfered with mechanisms related to self - location and self - identification .
In particular , our stroking conditions may have been ‘ more synchronous ’ ( or ‘ less asynchronous ’ ) as a result of the introduction of the short interval LED - vibro - tactile stimuli .
A complex range of temporal , spatial ( and cognitive ) factors determines the weighting of each unisensory input during multisensory integration [ 35 ] – [ 37 ] .
It is therefore possible that the particular combination of visual and tactile signals that were present in the experimental conditions in study 1 may have affected the visuo - tactile integration involved in the computation of self - location .
The stimulus onset asynchrony ( SOA ) of 33 msec in study 1 was chosen based on previous studies on CCEs [ 30 ] , [ 33 ] which reported maximal CCEs for an SOA of ∼ 30 –100 msec .
It may be that processes related to visuo - tactile integration during the combined presentation of the LED / vibro - tactile stimuli and the seen / felt stroking were different to the visuo - tactile integration that occurs when the LED / vibro - tactile stimuli are presented alone .
The difference in the size of the CCE for same and different side light presentation was similar for synchronous and asynchronous conditions ( figure 3 ) .
Statistical analysis revealed a significant main effect of congruency ( F 1,10 = 18.06 ; p = 0.002 ) and a significant interaction between side and congruency ( F 1,10 = 8.82 ; p = 0.014 ) .
No other effects reached significance ( p>0.05 ) , and there was no significant three - way interaction between stroking , side and congruency .
The error rates again showed a similar pattern of modulation by congruency and side .
There was a significant main effect of side ( F 1,10 = 30.83 ; p = 0.000 ) ; a significant main effect of congruency ( F 1,10 = 39.3 ; p = 0.000 ) and a significant interaction between side and congruency ( F 1,10 = 14.18 ; p = 0.004 ) .
No other terms reached significance .
The congruency effect in error rate for synchronous stroking was 23 % for the same side and 9 % for the different side .
For asynchronous stroking the congruency effect was 20 % for same side and 12 % for different side .
These error rates are somewhat higher than those found in previous CCE studies and this is probably due to two factors : applying the vibrations to the skin on the back ( which is less sensitive than the skin on the fingers ) and applying the stroking at the same time as the vibrations ( which may have made the task more difficult by introducing tactile ‘ noise ’ ) .
Figure 2 plots the size of the full body CCE ( reaction time in incongruent trials minus RT in congruent trials ) for the body visible and body not visible conditions .
In the body visible condition the CCE was larger when the light appeared on the same side as the tactile stimulus , compared to when it appeared on the different side .
The ‘ body not visible condition ’ did not show these effects on the size of the CCE .
Statistical analysis revealed a significant main effect of congruency ( F 1,10 = 15.25 ; p = 0.003 ) , a significant interaction between body and congruency ( F 1,10 = 21.63 ; p = 0.001 ) , a significant interaction between side and congruency ( F 1,10 = 7.66 ; p = 0.02 ) and crucially , a significant three - way interaction between body , side and congruency ( F 1,10 = 10.13 ; p = 0.01 ) .
Planned comparisons between same and different side CCEs for body visible and body not visible conditions revealed that the CCE was significantly larger for the same side compared to the different side visual presentation when the body was visible ( t 1,10 = 3.22 ; p = 0.009 ) but not when the body was not visible ( t 1,10 = 0.83 ; p>0.05 ) .
The error rates showed a similar pattern of modulation by congruency and side .
There was a significant main effect of congruency ( F 1,10 = 8.36 ; p = 0.016 ) but no other main effects or interactions .
The congruency effect in error rate when the body was visible was 8 % for the same side and 3 % for the different side .
When the body was not visible the congruency effect was 4 % for same side and 2 % for different side .
Discussion
Linking the study of the spatial representation of visuo - tactile cues with manipulations of bodily self - consciousness , we report three principal findings .
First , we show that crossmodal congruency effects are stronger when visual distractors are presented on one 's seen body compared to when they are presented in the dark .
Second , full body CCEs are larger during synchronous stroking than during asynchronous stroking of one 's back , and depend on the temporal delay between the vibro- tactile and LED stimuli .
Note that this effect of stroking on the CCE is not found when the LEDs and the stroking are viewed on a human - sized object instead of the body .
Third , both full body CCEs and measures of bodily self - consciousness are modulated by visuo - tactile stimulation ( type of stroking ) :
In the synchronous stroking condition CCEs are larger , the drift towards the seen body is greater and the questionnaire ratings of self - identification with the seen body are higher compared to in the asynchronous condition .
These novel data reveal ‘ body - related ’ and ‘ self - related ’ CCEs and suggest that under the conditions used in the present study the full body CCE is associated with key components of bodily self - consciousness , i.e. ‘ what I experience as my body ’ and ‘ where I experience my body to be . ’
By demonstrating CCEs for the full body our data extend the findings of previous studies that have used this paradigm for body parts , usually hands [ 12 ] , [ 15 ] , [ 30 ] – [ 32 ] .
In the present study , the CCEs were larger when the visual distractors appeared on the same side ( e.g. right side ) of the body as the vibro- tactile targets than when the distractors appeared on the other body side ( e.g. left side ) .
This demonstrates that even for the full body , the magnitude of the CCE is modulated by the perceived spatial distance between the tactile target and the visual distractor ( as previously observed for hand CCEs [ 12 ] , [ 15 ] , [ 30 ] , [ 32 ] ) .
Such effects were absent when the stimulus display did not show the subject 's body , and when an object was viewed in the place of the body , even though the visual stimuli ( LEDs ) were still visible and in the same spatial configuration .
It is notable that the full body CCEs were observed even though subjects had an external , implausible , view of their body ( they viewed the back of their body , which can not be directly seen ) , standing two metres in front .
Our findings are also compatible with data reporting visual capture of touch when lights were presented on fake hands [ 12 ] , [ 15 ] .
CCEs have also been measured for shadows of hands [ 32 ] and even for photographs of hands presented via video monitors [ 31 ] .
More generally , this is consistent with studies [ 7 ] , [ 38 ] – [ 43 ] demonstrating how the sight of one 's own body parts can influence tactile perception , in some cases even with views of body parts ( e.g. the neck ) that can not be directly seen [ 42 ] , [ 43 ] .
A second major finding of the present study is that , as predicted , the CCE was larger during synchronous than asynchronous stroking ( study 2 ) .
Modifying visual - somatosensory congruence by employing different types of stroking enabled us to manipulate whether or not subjects felt as if they were looking at their own body , as indicated by the questionnaire data ( see below ) .
The CCE was only modulated by stroking when we introduced a larger temporal asynchrony between the LED and vibro- tactile stimuli .
It is well known that multisensory integration is strongly influenced by the temporal relations between stimuli [ 33 ] , [ 35 ] – [ 37 ] .
Our experiment incorporated two ongoing visuo - tactile ‘ events ’ : the seen and felt stroking , and the combined LED - vibro - tactile stimuli .
We argue that when the LED - vibro - tactile stimuli were made more asynchronous ( by introducing the larger SOA ) , this may have influenced the differential weighting of all visual and tactile stimuli present , and therefore have affected how the felt stroking and seen stroking were integrated .
Alternatively , it is also possible that in study 1 when the SOA was smaller , i.e. when the LED and vibration signals were more synchronous , this interfered with the stroking by rendering the asynchronous condition ‘ less asynchronous ’ .
Our third major finding is that both full body CCEs and measures of bodily self - consciousness are modulated by visuo - tactile stimulation ( type of stroking ) .
During the synchronous condition there was ( 1 ) a larger CCE , ( 2 ) a greater degree of self - identification ( as shown by Q3 in the questionnaire data ) and ( 3 ) a larger drift in self - location towards the virtual body ( as shown by the drift measure ) compared to the asynchronous condition .
This suggests that a greater degree of visual capture of tactile location occurs in the experimental condition in which there is a greater degree of self - identification for the seen body .
The present data suggest that the tactile stimuli are mislocalised to a different place in external space ( towards the seen body in the synchronous condition ) because the localisation of the body in space is biased towards the seen body ( as measured by the drift and questionnaire ) in the condition in which the CCEs are larger .
In the synchronous condition it is not merely that the CCE is larger than in the asynchronous condition : there is also a greater difference between the same side and different side CCEs in the former condition .
This side effect is likely to be a due to a change in the spatial perceptual representations because if the touch is represented as being closer in space to where the body ( and LEDs ) are seen then we would expect the difference between same and different side CCEs to be larger .
This is because when the virtual body and the real body are perceived as being closer the distance between a given tactile stimulus and a different side visual distractor is greater than that between a tactile stimulus and a same side distractor .
It should be noted that visual capture of touch is not the only possible explanation for the increased CCE .
Alternative explanations for differences in CCE magnitude have been discussed in depth by Spence and colleagues [ 44 ] .
One possibility is that seeing the visual stimuli on the body increases their task relevance .
While this could explain the results of study 1 where we compare CCEs when the body was or was not seen , it is not clear how effects of task relevance could account for the results obtained in study 2 ( where we found that the different types of stroking modulated CCEs differently ) .
Response bias – where , e.g. incongruent ‘ up ’ stimuli prime the ‘ up response ’ - is another factor thought to contribute to CCE magnitude [ 30 ] , [ 33 ] , [ 44 ] - but it cannot explain the differential side effects found in all three studies .
An interesting alternative explanation is that the difference in CCEs is not due to tactile recoding but to visual recoding .
It could be that seeing the visual stimuli on the body causes these distant visual stimuli to be recoded so that they are made equivalent to near visual stimuli in their effects [ 44 ] , [ 45 ] .
This could explain the results of study 1 , as the sight of one 's body could cause the recoding of the visual stimuli so that they are represented as being closer to the tactile stimuli .
One might also argue that in study 2 , the synchronous stroking increased this visual recoding effect ( compared to asynchronous stroking ) or otherwise the asynchronous stroking decreased it .
The difference in CCEs we report can only show that tactile and spatial stimuli are perceived as being closer to each other ( in the synchronous condition ) – this finding cannot by itself show whether it is touch or vision that is remapped .
Nevertheless , given that there is a change in self - location - as measured by the spatial drift - towards the seen body ( i.e. towards the visual stimulus ) in the synchronous condition , we suggest that it is touch rather than vision that is mislocalised .
The self - related aspects of the CCE appear to be not simply an effect of seeing a body , but of identifying with the seen body , and having an altered self - location ( biased towards the spatial location at which the body is seen ) .
This is further evidence for the predicted [ 28 ] , [ 29 ] strong association between self - consciousness and the tactile sense .
These findings are unlikely to be due to a difference in the level of attention between the conditions , since stimulus - based differences were minimized between the synchronous and asynchronous stroking conditions .
Further , our finding that there was no CCE ( no significant effect of congruency and no interaction between synchrony , side of visual distractor and congruency ) in the object control condition suggests that the effect of stroking on the CCE is specific to the case where the stroking is applied to a human body .
The congruency task we employed has several advantages for use in studies of bodily self - consciousness : firstly , it is an online measure of self - location and hence can be measured during full body illusions .
This task is thus arguably an improvement on methods used both in previous studies of partial ( body part ) ownership [ 10 ] , [ 11 ] , [ 13 ] and studies of global ownership / self - identification [ 18 ] , [ 25 ] , since these measured behavioural / physiological proxies of bodily self - consciousness after the stroking period .
Moreover , the magnitude of the CCE is relatively large , and multiple repeated measures can be obtained ; this was not the case during most previous manipulations ( although note that repeated CCE measures were collected in studies of the ‘ fake hand effect ’ [ 12 ] , [ 15 ] ) .
Performance in the congruency task is also likely to be much less susceptible to observer biases that may have affected self - location and questionnaire measures in previous studies [ 18 ] , [ 25 ] .
The present CCE task is relatively simple , involving only speeded , forced choice , perceptual judgements - no high level introspective reflections ( as questionnaires require ) - and is thus suitable for use in patient studies and even in animal studies .
Pavani and colleagues [ 12 ] used the CCE to investigate tactile spatial perception when vibrations were applied to subjects ' hands , and lights ( LEDs ) were presented on rubber hands .
In this study , the CCE was present only when the rubber hands had the same posture as the real hands , and in this case subjects were more likely to report feeling the touch at the location of the rubber hands ( see also [ 15 ] ) .
Despite the importance of these earlier CCE studies [ 12 ] , [ 15 ] , we argue that they have certain limitations in terms of investigating bodily self - consciousness .
Firstly , these studies did not directly manipulate self - attribution ( e.g. by stroking ) during the CCE measurements , but only after .
Secondly , these ( and other [ 10 ] – [ 13 ] , [ 32 ] , [ 40 ] ) authors concentrated on the investigation of the representation of body parts , but did not manipulate aspects related to global bodily self - consciousness such as self - location and self - identification of the full body [ 16 ] .
These global aspects are altered in the full body illusion [ 17 ] , [ 18 ] , [ 25 ] , [ 27 ] and in autoscopic phenomena ( see , e.g . [ 22 ] – [ 24 ] , [ 46 ] .
During heautoscopy , patients see a second own ( illusory ) body in extrapersonal space and self - location is either experienced at the position of the physical body or at the position of the illusory body , or at both .
Moreover , self - location may change the experienced position ( between the position of the illusory and the physical body ) and this may occur in rapid alternation [ 22 ] , [ 23 ] .
Patients self - identify either with the illusory body , the physical body , or with both in alternation [ 22 ] , [ 47 ] , [ 48 ] .
Altered self - location and self - identification with an illusory body at an extracorporeal position are strongly present in OBEs : the self is experienced as localized outside one 's bodily borders ( disembodiment ) .
In OBEs , self - location is never at the position of the physical body .
The present data show that the previously described [ 17 ] , [ 18 ] , [ 25 ] , [ 27 ] changes in self - location and self - identification are - under certain experimental conditions - associated with changes in the CCE , and hence with changes in the mapping of tactile stimuli .
Since stimuli were applied only to the backs of the subjects in the present study it is possible that non-stimulated body parts were not affected by the stroking manipulation and thus that the measured effects were not global .
However , as argued elsewhere [ 16 ] , we believe that the present experimental manipulations did enable us to investigate global / full - body representations .
Firstly , CCEs were associated with changes in self - identification ( and thus more global changes than changes in self - attribution measured in the RHI ) .
Secondly , the CCEs were larger in the condition ( synchronous condition ) in which the change in self - location was greater .
Interference with more global aspects of bodily processing is also likely given back ( trunk ) stroking because tactile receptive field properties differ substantially between neurons encoding the trunk ( large and bilateral receptive fields ) and those encoding hands or feet ( small and unilateral receptive fields ) [ 49 ] , [ 50 ] .
It would be interesting and important for future studies to investigate - in detailed follow up experiments - whether the effects of stroking applied on the trunk ( as done here ) generalizes to non-stimulated body parts , e.g. the hands .
In conclusion , the present data reveal full body - related CCEs , and ‘ self - related ’ CCEs , the latter demonstrating that the magnitude of the CCE is associated with ‘ what I experience as my body ’ and ‘ where I experience my body to be ’ .
The experimental manipulation of self - identification ( via stroking ) combined with the measurement of self - location estimates ( CCEs ) enabled us to characterize bodily self - consciousness in terms of underlying multisensory mechanisms , thereby extending recent data [ 17 ] , [ 18 ] , [ 25 ] , [ 27 ] on global bodily self - consciousness .
The present study reveals that systematic alterations in the mapping of tactile stimuli occur in the full body illusion , and thus establishes CCE magnitude as an online performance proxy for subjective changes in bodily self - consciousness .
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Wednesday , July 29 , 2009 Wednesday , July 29 , 2009
According to a CNN report , the military will assist civilian authorities in the event of a significant swine flu outbreak in the U.S. this fall , stoking fears that the pandemic , which has claimed relatively few lives so far , will be used as an excuse to implement martial law and a mandatory vaccination program .
“ The plan calls for military task forces to work in conjunction with the Federal Emergency Management Agency .
There is no final decision on how the military effort would be manned , but one source said it would likely include personnel from all branches of the military , ” states the report .
The proposal , which was drawn up by U.S. Northern Command ’s Gen. Victor Renuart , is awaiting final approval from Defense Secretary Robert Gates .
The first step would be to sign an “ execution order ” which would authorize the military to begin detailed planning on how to implement the proposal , before actual orders to deploy military personnel are given .
The amount of troops required or whether they would come from the active duty or the National Guard and Reserve forces has not yet been determined .
Northcom has been preparing for mass flu pandemics for years and indeed , Gen. Victor Renuart spoke of the threat of a flu pandemic emerging out of Mexico just weeks before it actually happened .
Testifying back in March , Renuart said Northcom would provide “ assistance in support of civil authorities ” during an epidemic , adding “ when requested and approved by the Secretary of Defense or directed by the President , federal military forces will contribute to federal support . ”
However , Renuart then added , “ USNorthCom does not wait for that call to action . ”
“ Because Mexico is our neighbor and disasters do not respect national boundaries , we are focused on developing and improving procedures to respond to potentially catastrophic events such as pandemic influenza outbreak , mass exposure to dangerous chemicals and materials , and natural disasters , ” he testified .
[ efoods ]
Northcom was only relatively recently assigned its own fighting unit – the Army ’s 3rd Infantry Division ’s 1st Brigade Combat Team , which had been fighting in Iraq for five years before that .
As we have previously reported , the Armed Forces Press Service has initiated a propaganda campaign designed to convince the American people that deploying the 3rd Infantry Division in the United States in violation of the Posse Comitatus
Act is a good thing , with images of soldiers from the brigade helping in “ humanitarian ” rescue missions , such as car wrecks .
This is all designed to condition Americans to accept troops on the streets and highways as a part of everyday life .
The assignment of the 1st Brigade Combat Team to Northcom alarmed the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) .
“ This is a radical departure from separation of civilian law enforcement and military authority and could , quite possibly , represent a violation of law , ” said Mike German , ACLU national security policy counsel .
The news that troops are being prepared to work with FEMA in the event of a swine flu pandemic will increase fears that the government is preparing to enforce a mandatory vaccination program – at gunpoint if necessary .
State health authorities have already confirmed that if the government were to announce a mandatory vaccination program , then there would be no exemptions whatsoever and the program could be carried out with the use of force if necessary .
As reported by CNS News earlier this month , a health - care reform bill approved by the Senate Health , Education , Labor and Pension Committee called The Affordable Health Choices Act , will fund the creation of state “ intervention ” teams that will carry out home visits in order to check that both children and adults have been vaccinated and also provide “ provision of immunizations ” .
“ Home visits ?
What exactly is the state going to do when it sends people to “ implement interventions ” in private homes designed “ to improve immunization coverage of children ” ?
asks the CNS report .
There can be little doubt that many Americans will call upon their second amendment rights and resort to using force to protect themselves and their children if the government attempts to forcibly impose a mass vaccination program .
This is why the assistance of military personnel may be necessary to subdue potential resistors in the event of mandatory quarantines and inoculations .
The last time the the national guard and military worked with FEMA and local law enforcement on a large scale in the United States was during Hurricane Katrina , when they aided in the confiscation of privately owned firearms of citizens , even those who lived in the high and dry areas and were unaffected by the hurricane .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
By Senan Murray
BBC News website , Abuja
Dogs are scarce in Abuja because many now eat dog meat openly
" Welcome to animal kingdom where man pikin dey show dog pepper , " says Chibuzo Eze in Pidgin English , meaning : Welcome to place where the son of man is giving dogs a hard time .
Mr Eze then hungrily gets back to tugging his chunk of dog meat .
He is standing under a mango tree in " South Africa " , the name of an open - air restaurant hidden behind the living quarters of a Western construction firm in Abuja .
" It is called South Africa because behind those high walls you 'll find rich Europeans and outside here is Soweto , where we , ordinary masses , struggle with dog meat , " Mr Eze explains with a smile playing on his face .
' Improves your sex life '
Mr Eze says he eats dog meat because " e dey protect person from all those nyama - nyama disease them " - it gives you immunity from different diseases .
DOG MEAT TERMINOLOGY 404 : A dog is also called 404 after the French - built Peugeot pick - up van , a tribute to a dog 's ability to run fast Headlights :
A dish with the eyes of a dog as the most prominent component Gear Box : Dog 's liver , heart and kidneys ( usually more expensive than ordinary meat )
Tyre : A dog 's legs .
Mr Umoh claims that eating a ' tyre ' makes you a fast runner Telephone : A dog 's tail Sentencing :
The act of clubbing a dog to death rather than slaughtering it
A few yards away Bassey Umoh , South Africa 's owner and chief chef , pokes at larger chunks of sizzling meat barbecuing on wire gauze over an open fire .
Mr Umoh , or Oga Bassey ( oga is Pidgin English for boss ) - as the " South Africans " fondly call him , says he has been selling dog meat since he completed a two - year apprenticeship in the business some 30 years ago .
He also eats the meat he sells .
" Eating dog meat gives you a special protection against the most potent juju ( charm ) , " he claims , reeling off the benefits of dog meat .
" Dog meat also improves your sex life .
And if you eat dog meat , you can not be poisoned . "
But not everyone is convinced by Oga Bassey 's arguments .
" The very idea of eating dog meat is absolutely disgusting , " says Mary Iroanya , an office worker in the capital .
" The talk about dog meat curing diseases and giving protection against charms and the rest is mere superstition .
" People who eat dog meat only use those excuses to convince themselves that what they are doing is okay . "
Her colleague Adeola Osinuga is also less than convinced by such claims .
" Besides , I can not eat dog meat because dogs are like pets , " she says .
Easy target
Oga Bassey , however , says his cuisine is in high demand although his business is not doing so well because dogs are becoming scarce now in Abuja .
" Everybody is eating dog meat openly now , that is why dogs are scarce , " he says .
Many Abuja dog owners complain that their dogs have gone missing , probably ending up in the likes of Oga Bassey 's big dog pepper soup pot .
Eaters of dog meat claim there are many benefits
Most Nigerians keep dogs not as pets , but as guard dogs .
And instead of keeping them in kennels , the dogs are usually left to wander about freely , making them an easy target for people to kidnap and sell to restaurant owners like Mr Umoh .
But Mr Umoh says he does not buy stolen dogs .
He , however , admits that it is often difficult to tell whether some of the dogs sold to him have been stolen .
" We have heard of people stealing dogs to sell .
Our policy here in ' South Africa ' is that we do not deal in stolen merchandise .
So , we normally quiz our customers to be sure they are selling their own dogs , " he explains .
" Moreover , ' South Africa ' is not the only dog - meat joint in Abuja , " Mr Umoh adds .
Indeed , there are three popular dog meat joints in this district on the western edge of Abuja alone .
Also as a rule , there is always a dog - meat pepper soup joint in every army or police barracks in Abuja .
Dog meat is not any different from any other meat .
The claim that it cures malaria is definitely not true
Dr Yakubu Nyandaiti
Another popular dog - meat spot is " Zimbabwe " , an open - air joint next to a small river on the outskirts of Abuja .
Unlike " South Africa " , " Zimbabwe " is , however , notorious for its gamblers , pick - pockets , prostitutes and bootlegged spirits .
Culture
Another dog- meat eater , Beke Nnkwo says he was introduced to the cuisine as a cure for malaria .
Oh la la !
You do n't know what you are missing
Beke Nnkwo
Dog -meat lover
" People who eat dog meat have no business with malaria , " Mr Nnkwo says .
" So , I was introduced to the meat as a cure for malaria and I can testify that it works . "
Medical opinion , however , seems to differ .
" Dog meat , to the best of my knowledge , is not any different from any other meat .
The claim that it cures malaria is definitely not true , " says Dr Yakubu Nyandaiti a consultant at Nigeria 's University of Maiduguri Teaching Hospital .
" It can not be true either that it boosts human immunity , " he says .
For Mr Nnkwo , however , an Igbo from south - eastern Nigeria , eating dog meat is a question of culture .
" I hear they eat frogs in certain parts of the world .
But I tell you , no matter how you cook or dress a frog , I can never eat it .
" But dog is different .
So , eating dog meat is a question of culture for me . "
Dog meat is also eaten in Plateau and Gombe states in the north and it is becoming quite popular in other parts of the country including Kaduna and Adamawa with Abuja as the newest entrant .
Asked how tasty the meat is , Mr Nnkwo beams and says : " Oh la la !
You do n't know what you are missing . "
Cheat sheets and reference guides are useful for both beginners and advanced web professionals .
They can be used to help you remember syntax or as a tool to aid in memorization .
In this post , we aim to cover the reference guides for all of the most commonly used platforms , software and coding languages .
Below you ’ll find a compilation of the 30 most useful and well - organized cheat sheets , checklists and reference guides .
If you know of a useful cheat sheet that we have n’t covered here , please share the link in the comments ’ section at the end of the article .
1. 25 - Point Website Usability Checklist
Usability is a central concern for any web developer .
The 25 - Point Website Usability Checklist is a simple step - by - step list that can help your website achieve maximum usability .
Four major components are covered in this checklist : accessibility , identity , navigation and content .
The list is a printable PDF and contains a rating system and space for comments .
Download the 25 - Point Website Usability Checklist
2. Browser Compatibility Table
This is a great reference guide to ensure browser compatibility .
Below is an extract from a table that contains a list of various CSS rules and their compatibility with common browsers and operating systems .
With a quick glance , the designer or developer can note which CSS properties should be used or avoided .
The table also offers an interactive feature that highlights the row your cursor is on .
This makes pinpointing the compatibility of a specific CSS property much easier .
Go to the Browser Compatibility Table
3. Web Standards Checklist
A website that is compliant with W3 C ’s standards will be more usable and search - engine friendly than one that is not .
There are a number of ways to ensure that a website is standards - compliant ; one way is to use a checklist .
This checklist contains a chronological list of factors to consider while building a website .
Download The Web Standards Checklist
4. Search Engine Optimization Cheat Sheet
Search Engine Optimization ( SEO ) is very important if a website is to be successful .
This cheat sheet may seem to be for beginners , but it holds valuable information for reference and education .
The ten categories are SEO rules at the coding level .
The ten essential categories for good optimization are : important HTML tags , search engine indexing limits , title tag syntax , common canonical issues , 301 redirects on Apache , search engine robot user agents , common robot traps to avoid , robot meta tags syntax , robots .
txt syntax and site map syntax .
Included in each category is further explanation and an example .
The cheat sheet can be downloaded as a two - page printer - friendly PDF .
Download the Web Developer ’s SEO Cheat Sheet
5. Tweet Sheet 2
Because Twitter is fast becoming a mainstream news feed , using it to your website ’s advantage is important .
Tweet Sheet is a fairly simple cheat sheet about Twitter use and syntax , created by Jason Theodor .
Tweet Sheet includes Twitter ’s mobile URL and text numbers , personal commands , mobile commands , user name commands , tracking commands and information on Twitter applications and tools .
Version 2 is offered in PDF form , a change from the simple image in Version 1 .
The second version is a grid of smaller cheat sheets , with a cut - out line so that it can easily be shared with friends or posted in other locations .
Download Tweet Sheet 2
6. XHTML Cheat Sheet v1.03
This XHTML cheat sheet is excellent for XHTML coders .
Along with many basic attributes , this two - page grid includes references that even experienced web professionals would find useful .
Three types of elements are defined in this cheat sheet : block , inline and table elements .
The miscellaneous section includes 22 additional elements .
Each row contains the name , description and attributes of each of the elements available for use .
More references are on the side , including % attrs , % focus , input types , link types , deprecated elements , HTML ASCII entities and more .
Being so detailed , this is a great tool for anyone who uses XHTML frequently .
Download the XHTML Cheat Sheet v1.03
7. CSS Cheat Sheet
The CSS Cheat Sheet is a two - page PDF and is the most detailed CSS reference guide available .
It contains a lot of information and is great as a printed reference .
Sections you may find useful are the ones on the CSS box model , selectors , pseudo - elements and pseudo - classes , colors , text properties and layout properties .
Download the CSS Cheat Sheet
8. Blueprint Framework and Blueprint CSS Cheat Sheet
The Blueprint CSS framework is a great shortcut for designers .
The developers of this tool explain :
“ Blueprint is a CSS framework that aims to cut down on your development time .
It gives you a solid foundation to build your project on top of , with an easy - to - use grid , sensible typography , useful plug-ins and even a style sheet for printing . ”
To download the blueprint framework , go to BlueprintCSS.org
Paired with the framework is the Blueprint CSS cheat sheet to help shorten development time .
The cheat sheet is well laid out , nicely color - coded and detailed .
It works in sync with the framework and was made with designers in mind , featuring a visual representation of a 950 pixel - wide grid system , a detailed list of Blueprint features and call and syntax examples .
Download the Blueprint CSS Cheat Sheet .
9. Mixing Typefaces
This PDF is an excellent reference for designers who do n’t want to spend a lot of time figuring out whether two or more fonts will work well together .
This tool enables designers to choose the perfect typography combination .
Although the cheat sheet was created in 1992 , most of the widely used web fonts are present .
As the image above shows , a list of fonts is repeated along the top and left side .
A number from 1 to 3 appears where each pair intersects .
1 means that the two fonts are compatible , 2 means that with proper implementation the two fonts could work well together , and 3 means that they will clash .
Download the Mixing Typefaces PDF
10 . Common Fonts for all Versions of Windows , and Mac Equivalents
While this guide is n’t exhaustive , it ’s a perfect quick reference tool for choosing the typography for a new website .
All 18 font groups listed are web safe and cross - browser compatible .
All of the fonts are grouped together with syntax : Windows version , Mac version , font family .
The bottom of the page has very specific information on using fonts on different operating systems and browsers and even has a screenshot of each scenario .
Although this web page is already well known in the web designer community , we felt it was important to include on this list .
Download Common Fonts for all Versions of Windows , and Mac Equivalents
11 . Official Adobe Photoshop CS4 Reference
The official Adobe Reference guide is available online and in PDF form .
While not exactly a “ quick ” reference guide , it is essential for anyone who uses Photoshop professionally .
Download Adobe Photoshop CS4 Help Guide Online
Download the Adobe Photoshop CS4 Help Guide PDF
12 . Adobe Photoshop CS4 Keyboard Shortcuts
This is the keyboard shortcuts cheat sheet for the newest version of Photoshop .
This four - page guide can help designers cut their production time by as much as half .
For easy navigation , the PDF is arranged according to the main menu in Photoshop , and then under each menu item it lists the shortcuts in alphabetical order .
Because PC and Mac have different shortcuts , there are two different reference guides .
Download the PC version | Download the Mac version
13 . Adobe Flash CS4 Keyboard Shortcuts
This is a keyboard shortcuts guide for Adobe Flash CS4 .
This PDF is also arranged to reflect the Flash CS4 menu , but the list of shortcuts , rather than being in alphabetical order , is arranged according to the application ’s menu listing , too .
This cheat sheet even has a friendly graphic at the top with the menu order presented in Flash .
As with most Adobe keyboard shortcut cheat sheets , both PC and Mac versions are available .
Download the PC version | Download the Mac version
14 . ActionScript 2.0 to 3.0 Migration Cheat Sheet
This cheat sheet covers both ActionScript 2.0 and ActionScript 3.0 and is organized to help those who need to switch to 3.0 .
Below is a short extract from the six - page PDF .
The functions and classes of ActionScript 2.0 are to the left of each section , followed by their equivalents in ActionScript 3.0 .
This cheat sheet is great for anyone transitioning to 3.0 or learning ActionScript .
Download the ActionScript 2.0 to 3.0 Migration Cheat Sheet
15 . Adobe Dreamweaver CS4 Keyboard Shortcuts
This is another guide in the family of cheat sheets for Adobe , this one for Dreamweaver CS4 keyboard shortcuts .
It was made by the creator of the Flash CS4 sheet and so has many of the same features .
The cheat sheet also follows the exact menu structure of Dreamweaver CS4 and has the same graphic at the top showing the menu order .
Unfortunately , a Mac version of this cheat sheet is still in the works ; only the PC version is available at this time .
Either way , it is a great cheat sheet and could be easily adapted into a Mac version .
For most shortcuts , you would just have to replace Control with the Command key .
Keep checking the cheat sheet ’s page for the release of the Mac version .
Download the Dreamweaver CS4 Keyboard Shortcuts PDF
16 . WordPress Help Sheet
The WordPress Help
Sheet is the most useful cheat sheet if you are a WordPress theme developer .
It is a quick reference guide for the most commonly used WordPress snippets .
Only four categories are covered in this guide , but the simplicity of this sheet makes it so appealing .
Only the most needed and commonly used snippets are included , making them all easy to find .
The four sections include : file names of a basic WordPress theme , header snippets , all other template snippets and commonly used extras .
Download the WordPress Help Sheet
17 . Advanced WordPress Help Sheet
For those who create WordPress themes regularly , WPCandy has created an advanced help sheet .
It contains commonly used snippets for themes that require added functionality .
The three - page PDF covers a wide range of snippets , such as for content going only on the front page , styling for certain categories , unique images for each category , dynamic page titles , query posts and more .
Any designer who creates professional WordPress themes should have this help sheet at hand .
Most of the snippets are required in professional themes .
Download the Advanced WordPress Help Sheet
18 . WordPress Theme Development Checklist
The WordPress Theme Development Checklist is an extensive checklist in nine parts .
The checklist covers general topics ( like theme information and screenshots ) , blog components ( like RSS feeds ) , timestamps , as well as category and page navigation .
Below is an example of the first half .
This checklist can be used while creating a WordPress theme or to help finalize one .
As extensive as it is , it ’s only one page and can be easily printed when it comes time to develop a new theme .
Download the WordPress Theme Development Checklist
19 . JavaScript Cheat Sheet
Several of the cheat sheets featured here are from AddedBytes.com , because of the detailed and exceptionally high quality of the resources there .
The first one on the AddedBytes list is the JavaScript cheat sheet .
This cheat sheet is logically organized into DOM methods , functions , regular expressions , etc .
It ’s easy to use and a great reference for all common JavaScript uses .
The guide is not only excellent for JavaScript beginners ( covering items as basic as the syntax for putting JavaScript into HTML ) but is also suited to programmers at an advanced level ( referring to more advanced JavaScript functionality ) .
Download the JavaScript Cheat Sheet
20 . Regular Expressions Cheat Sheet ( v2 )
Although some references to Regular Expressions are in the above JavaScript cheat sheet , this one is more detailed .
Now in version 2 , this cheat sheet has additional material , including information for those who may not be familiar with Regular Expressions .
Although we ’ve positioned this entry just below the JavaScript cheat sheet , this PDF is not a guide to any specific language , and so would be great for developers who do not code in any specific language ( or who code in more than one language ) .
Download the Regular Expressions Cheat Sheet
21 . jQuery Visual Map
Although the jQuery Visual Map is not a printable reference like most of the other cheat sheets on this list , it is still a great tool for referencing , learning jQuery and grabbing snippets .
The tool ’s interactive nature makes finding exactly what you need easy , and code is included in all of the examples for easy copying and pasting .
This guide is ultimately an interactive jQuery manual .
Download jQuery Visual Map
22 . MooTools Cheat Sheet
Those who prefer the MooTools JavaScript framework to jQuery may find this cheat sheet useful .
This colorful and detailed reference guide includes every commonly used feature of MooTools 1.2 .
The references are compact , yet the “ pseudo - code ” serves perfectly as illustration .
Within the one - page PDF are 22 sections of reference material .
In addition to the older version , the updated cheat sheet now contains documentation for Core , Native , Class , Element , Utilities and Request .
Download the MooTools 1.2 Cheat Sheet
23 . Prototype 1.6.0.2 Cheat Sheet
This one - page informative PDF is a great resource for those using Prototype.js and includes a visual reference for offsets and dimensions .
The modules are in a logical order , with the most commonly used ones in the top left and less common ones in the bottom right .
The page is printable and easy to use as a desk - side reference guide .
Download the Prototype 1.6.0.2 Cheat Sheet
24 . Python
This one - page cheat sheet is a wonderful reference tool if you code mainly in Python .
The 11 sections that make up the cheat sheet are system variables , string methods , datetime methods , time methods , date formatting , sys.argv , OS variables , list methods , file methods , class special methods , indexes and slices .
This is a convenient all - in - one general reference for anyone who codes in Python or is trying to learn Python .
There are also some side notes and general pseudo - code .
Download the Python Cheat Sheet
25 . mod_rewrite Cheat Sheet ( v2 )
URL rewriting can improve your website ’s usability , search functionality and navigation cleanliness .
The mod_rewrite cheat sheet has everything from basic regular expression syntax to listing flags for the RewriteRule and RewriteCond directives .
It also provides examples and general syntax so that you do n’t have to be a mod_rewrite expert to use the PDF .
Download the mod_rewrite cheat sheet
26 . PHP Cheat Sheet ( V2 )
This one - page cheat sheet is a full reference for the PHP programming language .
It is better suited to those who already know how to code in PHP and serves as a reminder of certain syntax and names of functions and variables .
Now in its second edition , this cheat sheet is better organized and has new components , giving it a total of nine sections : array functions , regular expression functions , date formatting , regular expression syntax , string functions , file system functions , PCRE modifiers , date and time functions and fopen ( ) modes .
Download the PHP Cheat Sheet
27 . SQL Server Cheat Sheet
This handy , one - page cheat sheet provides quick reference for the SQL server .
Included in the 14 sections are : functions , syntax for creating a function , date parts , syntax for creating a trigger and syntax for creating a stored procedure .
It is available for download as a PDF or PNG file .
Download the SQL Server Cheat Sheet
28 . MySQL Cheat Sheet
This cheat sheet is a great reference for anyone who frequently uses MySQL or PHP with MySQL .
It contains the most commonly used MySQL functions in PHP , data types and ranges and sample select queries .
Along the side of the main cheat sheet are various keywords and functions used in MySQL : mathematical keywords , date and time keywords , group words , control flow , string , comparison , cast and more .
No need to memorize the exact names of MySQL functions or full range of each data type ; just download the PDF or PNG version of the MySQL cheat sheet to have on hand .
Download the MySQL cheat sheet
29 . Ruby on Rails Cheat Sheet
This Ruby on Rails one - page printable reference is a useful go - to guide for anyone who uses Ruby on Rails extensively .
Included in the cheat sheet are five main sections and a few side sections containing methods .
The main section features a directory structure , predefined variables in Ruby , reserved keywords , regular expression syntax and a side note reminder of methods .
In addition to the center blocks is a list of methods along the side , arranged in the following categories : strings , regex , time , arrays , validation and enumerable mixin .
Download the Ruby on Rails cheat sheet
30 . ASP / VBScript Cheat Sheet
The last resource on our list is the ASP / VBScript cheat sheet , for anyone who is an ASP developer .
Similar in layout to many of the other cheat sheets on AddedBytes , this one is well organized and contains crucial , often - forgotten information for the ASP developer .
The cheat sheet includes regular expressions , date function arguments , redirect with 301 header , file inclusion , function argument orders , file modes , common LCID modes , constants , methods , properties , functions and collections .
Download the ASP / VBScript cheat sheet
Compiled exclusively for WDD by Kayla Knight .
Which cheat sheets do you use the most ?
Please share other favorite cheat sheets that we may have missed in the comments ’ area below …
Here ’s a list of papers that I found interesting at ICML / COLT / UAI in 2009 .
[ Stk ] Creating a THX - like sound
Inspired by this STK version , I knocked one together in ChucK : 30 oscillators work fine on a fairly old Mac. // THX emulator , Perry R. Cook , Jan. 8 , 2007 // // F - 1 , B1b , F1 , B2b , F2 , B3b , F3 , A5 , F4 , A6 [ 29.0 , 87.5,116.0,175.0,233.0,350.0,524.0,880.0,1048,1760 , 29.0 , 87.5,116.0,175.0,233.0,350.0,524.0,880.0,1048,1760 , 29.0 , 87.5,116.0,175.0,233.0,350.0,524.0,880.0,1048,1760 ] @=> float targets [ ] ; float initials [ 30 ] ; float deltas [ 30 ] ; sawosc s [ 30 ] ; gain gl [ 30 ] ; gain gr [ 30 ] ; JCRev rl => dac.left ; JCRev rr => dac.right ; 0 => int i => int j ; for ( 0 => i ; i<30 ; i+1 => i ) { std.rand2f(200.0,800.0 ) => initials [ i ] => s[ i ] . freq ; // random freqs .
( targets [ i ] - initials [ i ] ) / 10000.0 => deltas[ i ] ; // 10 sample updates 0.1 => s[ i ].gain ; std.rand2f( 0.0,1.0 ) => gl[ i ].gain ; // random 1.0 - gl[ i ].gain ( ) => gr[ i].gain ; // panning s[ i ] => gl[ i ] => rl ; // hook up s[ i ] => gr[ i ] => rr ; // all the oscs } 10000 :: samp => now ; // steady cluster while (j < 10000 ) { for ( 0 => i ; i< 30 ; i+1 => i ) { initials [ i ] + ( deltas [ i ] *j ) => s[ i ] . freq ; // sweep freqs .
} j + 1 => j ; 10 :: samp => now ; } while ( j < 30000 ) { // hold chord 10 :: samp => now ; j + 1 => j ; } while ( j < 35000 ) { for ( 0 => i ; i<30 ; i+1 => i ) { 0.1 * ( 35000 - j ) / 10000.0 => s[ i ]. gain ; // decay gains } 10 :: samp => now ; j + 1 => j ; } 60000 :: samp => now ; // reverb tail
Mirza Mohammed
Dost stood at the foot of his son ’s grave , near a headstone that read , “ Raheb Dost , martyred by Americans . ”
His son was no insurgent , Dost said .
He was walking home from prayers on the night of May 5 when he was shot and killed on a busy Kabul street by U.S. security contractors .
“ The Americans must answer for my son ’s death , ” Dost said as a large crowd of young men murmured in approval .
The shooting deaths of Raheb Dost , 24 , and another Afghan civilian by four gunmen with the company once known as Blackwater have turned an entire neighborhood against the U.S. presence here .
Advertisement
Already enraged by the deaths of civilians in U.S. military airstrikes , many Afghans are also demanding more accountability from security contractors who routinely block traffic and bark orders to motorists and pedestrians .
As the war escalates in Afghanistan and the U.S. seeks to win over a wary public , incidents such as the one that left Raheb Dost dead raise uneasy ghosts of the Iraq war .
With more than 70,000 security contractors or guards in Afghanistan and billions of dollars at stake in lucrative government contracts , the consequences of misconduct are significant .
A June report by the Commission on Wartime Contracting in Iraq and Afghanistan cites serious deficiencies among private security companies in Afghanistan in training , performance , accountability and effective use - of - force rules .
The report says U.S. authorities in Afghanistan have not applied “ lessons learned ” in Iraq after a 2007 incident in which Blackwater guards shot and killed 17 Iraqi civilians in Baghdad .
Iraq revoked the firm ’s license , and five contractors face U.S. federal manslaughter and weapons charges .
Advertisement
The Afghan Interior Ministry has stepped up licensing of security contractors and is demanding stricter monitoring .
The ministry says it wants limits on the number of contractors here , even as the Pentagon considers hiring a private security firm to provide more guards for its military bases .
Members of parliament , responding to complaints from constituents , have proposed legislation cracking down on contractors .
“ They have caused some serious difficulties for the people , ” said Fazlullah Mujadedi , a member of a parliamentary commission looking into security companies .
The extent of those difficulties is hard to gauge : The United Nations office in Kabul , the capital , did n’t break out contractor involvement in its recent report on deaths or injuries of civilians , and other agencies here do n’t track such incidents .
Advertisement
In June , Afghan President Hamid Karzai accused Afghan guards working for U.S. forces of killing a police chief and four police officers in the southern city of Kandahar .
The U.S. military called it an “ Afghan on Afghan incident ” and said no U.S. forces were involved .
Such incidents have fed a sense among some Afghans that private gunmen are above the law -- both Afghan and American .
Security contractors are subject to Afghan laws , but the four contractors in the May shooting left for the U.S. before Afghan authorities could mount a case against them .
Since February , oversight of security contractors in Afghanistan has been entrusted not to Congress or the Pentagon , but to a British - owned private contractor , Aegis .
The company was hired by the American government after the U.S. military said it lacked the manpower and expertise to monitor security contractors .
Aegis is supposed to help U.S. authorities make sure contractors are properly trained , armed and supervised .
Advertisement
The wartime contracting commission , set up by the U.S. last year , expressed concern over “ limited U.S. government supervision ” of private security contractors in Afghanistan .
Many are unlicensed and unregulated , said Zemaray Bashary , an Interior Ministry official .
Anger toward hired gunmen runs especially high in Yaka Toot , a densely packed neighborhood in east Kabul , where residents are still simmering over the May shooting .
Residents say the U.S. contractors opened fire without provocation after one of their vehicles tipped over in a traffic accident .
Killed along with Dost was Romal , 22 , a passenger in a Toyota sedan on his way home from work .
Like many Afghans , Romal used just one name .
Mohammed Shafi , a neighborhood elder who said he ran to the shooting scene that night , said the Toyota driver told him that the Americans ordered him to stop , then told him to move on .
When the driver began pulling away , Shafi said , the Americans started shooting .
Advertisement
Dost , who was walking about 200 yards away , was shot in the head .
No weapons were found in the Toyota , or on Dost , according to an Afghan police investigator .
“ Some Americans think all Afghans are terrorists or insurgents , ” Shafi said .
“ But if they keep killing civilians , I ’m sure some Afghans will decide to become insurgents . ”
Daniel J. Callahan , a Santa Ana lawyer representing the four contractors , said the men fired in self - defense after one car rammed one of the contractors ’ two SUVs , forcing it into a ditch , and a second car tried to run down two contractors .
Advertisement
Callahan accused Blackwater , now called Xe , of “ trying to make them scapegoats to take the heat off Blackwater . ”
He said the company falsely accused the men of drinking alcohol that night .
In fact , Callahan said , Xe supervisors issued the four men automatic rifles and told them to escort Afghan interpreters home that night .
He said military investigators found no evidence the men had consumed alcohol .
A U.S. military spokesman in Kabul said in May that the four contractors , who trained Afghan security forces , were authorized to handle weapons only when conducting training .
At the time of the 9 p.m. incident , he said , they were not permitted to have weapons .
Xe has said that the four men were fired for not following terms of their contract .
An Xe spokeswoman , Stacy Capace , did not return phone calls and e-mails seeking comment .
Advertisement
A U.S. Justice Department spokeswoman declined to say whether the contractors are under criminal investigation in the United States .
Callahan said the Justice Department has told him it is conducting an investigation .
Callahan , who called the contractors “ four good Americans , ” identified them as Chris Drotleff , Steve McClain , Justin Cannon and Armando Hamid .
The Interior Ministry has licensed 39 security companies employing 23,000 people who are assigned 17,000 weapons .
More than 19,000 of the employees are Afghans .
The U.S. military employs 4,373 private security contractors , according to the wartime contracting commission .
More than 4,000 are Afghans , many of them former militia fighters who help guard U.S. and coalition bases .
Advertisement
The State Department employs 689 security contractors , most for U.S. Embassy security .
American employees traveling in certain areas are protected by Xe contractors supervised by State Department security agents .
The U.S. spent between $ 6 billion and $ 10 billion on security contractors in Iraq and Afghanistan from 2003 through 2007 alone , according to Congress .
In all , there are more than 71,000 security contractors or guards , armed and unarmed , in Afghanistan , said P.W. Singer , a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution who has written extensively on the subject .
Private security convoys are a common sight on Kabul ’s traffic - clogged streets .
Some race past in SUVs with tinted windows , sealing off traffic lanes and forcing motorists to the curb .
Advertisement
Many businesses hire uniformed guards armed with assault rifles .
Kabul restaurants that cater to Westerners employ armed , uniformed guards who operate security gates and metal detectors .
The U.S. Embassy in Kabul , citing poor performance , fired its private security contractor , MVM , in 2007 and hired another American - owned company , ArmorGroup North America .
If U.S. or Afghan authorities do n’t properly monitor companies such as Xe , those firms should answer in person to the families of civilians killed or wounded by contractors , said Raheb Dost ’s aunt , who goes by one name , Friba .
“ We want to confront them and ask them :
Why do you think you ’re allowed to do such a terrible thing ? ”
Friba said , standing over her nephew ’s grave .
Advertisement
Mirza
Dost , the dead man ’s father , said he was summoned to a police station in May to meet U.S. Embassy officials and Americans who told him they represented Xe .
He said the Americans apologized and agreed to pay hospital bills for his son , who was in a coma but later died after 31 days in the hospital .
After his son ’s death , Dost said , he was paid “ a good sum of money ” ; he declined to elaborate .
Shafi , the neighborhood elder , said the family of the other man who was killed was also paid .
Dost , who lost a leg to a land mine fighting the Soviet army in 1989 , said his son was the family ’s sole wage earner .
He said he considered Xe ’s payment fair compensation but was offended that neither the embassy nor Xe paid a condolence call after his son died .
Advertisement
“ That ’s our culture , but the Americans do n’t know our culture , ” he said .
Dost said he does not blame all Americans , but he is wary of any American contractors or U.S. forces he encounters on the street .
“ They need to be more careful and show more respect for Afghan people , ” he said .
Security contractors sign contracts making them liable for prosecution for violating Afghan laws .
But Dost does not insist that the Xe contractors be tried in Afghanistan .
Nor does his neighbor Shafi , the community elder .
Advertisement
“ It would n’t make me happy to see them face Afghan justice , ” Shafi said as young men from the neighborhood leaned across Dost ’s grave to hear his pronouncement .
“ What would make me happy , ” Shafi said , “ is to never have another innocent person killed . ”
david.zucchino@latimes.com
At the Minneapolis Veterans Affairs Medical Center , a group of people set out to try and find a material that would help minimize problems with odoriferous rectal gas – aka fart smell .
The tests were done by instilling a tube of 100 ml of nitrogen containing 40 ppm of sulfide gases and 0.5 % H( 2 ) at the anus of six healthy volunteers .
They volunteers all wore gas impermeable Mylar pantaloons over their garments .
They then had them put pads inside the underwear with a variety of materials .
If no pad was in place , the garment alone remove about 5.3 % of the sulfide gases .
Most of the materials were not very effective , absorbing about 20 % of the gases .
The best of the bunch were briefs constructed from an activated carbon fiber fabric , which removed 55 - 77 % of the sulfide gases .
Conclusion ?
Get some carbon fiber briefs if you do n’t want people to smell your farts .
[ Source : PubMed ]
It sounds like something out of The Matrix : a giant , world - spanning electronic network where high - powered machines , some of them using GPUs to gain a speed advantage , run secret , rapidly - evolving software algorithms that battle it out for profits in a high - stakes game of cat - and - mouse , attack - counterattack , that yields some $ 21 billion a year for the winners and can spell ruin for the losers .
Except that it's not The Matrix — it 's the stock and commodities markets , and the fact that these markets mainly consist now of computers trading against one another has been brought closer to the public 's attention by last month 's alleged theft of Goldman Sachs ' proprietary trading code .
The collection of computer - automated , high - speed trading technologies and techniques that are typically lumped under the heading of " high - frequency trading " ( HFT ) have been around for a while , but HFT has recently become heavily identified with the banking giant Goldman Sachs , which dominates some aspects of it on the New York Stock Exchange .
And as Goldman draws more media and congressional scrutiny , so will HFT .
To prepare you for the high - frequency trading media onslaught , we 'll take a look at HFT and at a stock market that really is n't what you thought it was .
If you look under the hood of the markets in 2009 , you 'll find that the trading floor has been replaced by electronic networks ; the frantic , hand - signaling traders have been replaced by computer systems ; and all of moves in the trader 's dance — a thousand little tricks and techniques ( some legal , some questionable , and some outright illegal ) for taking regular advantage of speed , location , and information to generate profits — are executed hundreds of times per second , billions of times per day .
And the whole enterprise is mainly powered by the same hardware from Intel , AMD , and NVIDIA , that Ars readers use for gaming .
The world that has been pulled over your eyes to blind you from the truth
Press reports of trading days that end with big gains or losses are typically accompanied by shots of a trading floor where young traders are either euphorically throwing papers into the air ( up days ) or staring dejectedly at a stock ticker with hand pressed to forehead , shoulders slumped in defeat ( down days ) .
These guys , you think , are " the market , " and if you looked up the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) on Investopedia you 'd find nothing in the " Stocks Basics : How Stocks Trade " entry to disabuse you of this widely held notion .
" The NYSE is the first type of exchange ... where much of the trading is done face - to - face on a trading floor , " Investopedia declares , and it goes on to provide a description of the workings of a floor - centered , face - to - face NYSE that has n't matched reality for about five years .
The floor of the New York Stock Exchange
Only about three percent of the trading volume on the NYSE is actually carried out by means of traditional " open outcry " trading , where flesh - and - blood humans gather to buy and sell securities .
The other 97 percent of NYSE trades are executed via electronic communication networks ( ECNs ) , which , over the past ten years , have rapidly replaced trading floors as the main global venue for buying and selling every asset , derivative , and contract .
So the ECNs are the markets in 2009 , and those pit traders who pose for the cameras are mainly there for the cameras .
" Why do n't you know BATS ? , " Bernard Donefer , a finance professor and HFT expert at CUNY 's Baruch College , asked me rhetorically .
" Because there 's nothing to look at .
It 's based in Kansas ; the computers are in Jersey City . "
At the time that Donefer and I spoke last week , BATS was the third largest equity market in the world , behind the NYSE and NASDAQ , and it has been all - electronic since it began life in 2005 .
There has never been a floor that a CNBC camera crew could report from , so it 's essentially invisible to the general public .
The NYSE and a few other exchanges keep hanging on to their trading floors " mainly for branding purposes , " Donefer told me .
The ECNs offer the advantages of speed , anonymity , error minimization , and audit trails .
They 've also " ported " many of the problems endemic to electronic networks — security vulnerabilities , the " garbage - in , garbage out " ( GIGO ) problem , and the problem of technology moving too fast for lawmakers , to name just three — from the Internet to the markets .
But the problems with ECNs are a topic for another day .
The real issue is that when the average retail investor gets an E* Trade account and tries to play the stock market , she typically has no idea that she 's going up against the market equivalent of IBM 's chess grandmaster - thumping supercomputer , Deep Blue .
I powered up my Apple 17 ” MacBook Pro with Mac OSX10.5.8 , installed the Snow Leopard disk and started the install .
I answered the licensing agreement and pressed continue .
At this point I walked away for a few minutes to let the install continue .
I returned a few minutes later to a completely black screen !
What is this ?
Oddly my AC power light was RED but other than there were no signs of life .
I Pressed the power button – nothing .
Hmmm …held down the power button for a long time ( 6 - 8 sec ) and I got the machine to boot .
The Apple logo showed on a gray screen with the small circular progress circle .
After 10 secs the machine turned off !
I tried this again several times with the same results .
I then held down the power key while holding the option key and got the icon for the hard drive with EFI boot and the DVD boot icon .
I tried the EFI boot option and got the same results .
The machine just keep turning off .
I repeated this method and selected the DVD boot option … same thing .
At this point I was seriously regretting installing a brand new OS on MacBook Pro and I set the machine aside so I could come back later with a solution .
Meanwhile I search the internet for anyone else with this problem .
I could not find any posts related to my problem .
An hour later , I went back to my machine to try again .
I noticed the laptop was very warm .
Very odd considering it was off …. or so I thought !
It was actually on but there was no LCD backlight !
I got out a flashlight so I could see what was on the screen and what do you know ?... the Install screen was there .
The Power light was still RED not GREEN .
I used the flashlight to finish the install .
When it finally rebooted , the LCD turned back on and my upgrade was complete : data & apps in tact !
There is obviously a problem on some Mac laptops where the proper video driver is not working during the install process .
I hope this helps anyone with a similar problem .
The votes have been counted , and unsurprisingly the Democratic Party of Japan ( DPJ ) has emerged victorious , becoming the first party other than the LDP to wield a majority in Japan ’s House of Representatives since the LDP was created in 1955 .
But despite its victory , the DPJ is poorly understood even by Japanese .
So it is worth asking , who are Japan ’s Democrats ?
In this post , I will try to address some common misunderstandings about the DPJ , many of which will undoubtedly be repeated as Japan and the world consider the implications of Japan ’s historic change of government .
Origins :
The DPJ is the successor to a party now known as the former DPJ .
The former DPJ was launched in 1996 by members of the former Japan Socialist Party ( JSP ; now the Social Democratic Party of Japan ) and Sakigake , one of the microparties that participated in the non-LDP coalition that held power from 1993 - 1994 .
Both parties had joined in coalition with the LDP in 1994 , and the founders of the DPJ feared the electoral consequences of that decision .
Among those founders were Hatoyama Yukio , a member of Sakigake who had been deputy chief cabinet secretary in the Hosokawa government , Yokomichi Takahiro , a onetime JSP Diet member who had served three terms as Hokkaido ’s governor before returning to the Diet as a DPJ member in 1996 , and Kan Naoto , who at the time became well known for his service as health minister dealing with the AIDS - tainted blood scandal , as well as Hatoyama Kunio , Yukio ’s brother .
One thing that becomes apparent from looking at the party ’s basic principles is the similarity to the platform upon which the new DPJ was elected in 2009 .
It is also worth noting the similarities between this document and Hatoyama Yukio ’s recent essay in VOICE , including the inclusion of certain phrases ( “ bottom - up democracy of co-existence and self - reliance , ” “ fraternity , ” etc. ) .
As I noted when Hatoyama was elected DPJ leader in May , the former DPJ was very much a Hatoyama family affair , to the point of its founding depending on the Hatoyama family fortune .
But the party was transformed from a Hatoyama New Party to the party now set to govern Japan through several waves of new arrivals to the party .
In 1998 , the dissolution of Ozawa Ichiro ’s New Frontier Party led to the creation first of a handful of tiny parties plus Ozawa ’s Liberal Party , and then to the union of the former DPJ and the NFP successor parties with the exception of the Liberal Party .
The party ’s principles at its founding in 1998 can be clearly recognized in the party ’s 2009 election manifesto : decentralization , administrative reform , budgetary reform , political reform in the interest of a more transparent and bottom - up democracy , a certain skepticism with neo-liberalism , a stress on a social safety net suited for an age marked by an aging , shrinking population , a foreign policy that stressed the UN , cooperation with the US in other areas ( i.e. , non-security ) , and closer ties with Asian countries , and a security policy that largely retained cold war constraints and sought more regional security multilateralism .
The DPJ was further transformed when the party merged with Ozawa Ichiro ’s Liberal Party , a move opposed vociferously by some DPJ members , most notably Edano Yukio .
The most notable consequence of the merger , of course , was that it brought Ozawa into the party , which was subsequently reshaped by Ozawa , although the party went through three leaders , faced a disastrous defeat in 2005 , and went through an embarrassing scandal in 2006 that nearly broke the reeling party .
Ozawa almost single - handedly transformed the DPJ into the party capable of driving the LDP from power .
He selected candidates , trained them , honed the party ’s message to reach voters in the provinces , and then tirelessly traveled the country to take the DPJ ’s message to the people and lend his support to his candidates .
Hatoyama may be the face of the victory and the DPJ ’s first prime minister , but the DPJ ’s victory is Ozawa ’s victory .
A divided party ? :
Given the manner in which the DPJ developed , it is common to look at the DPJ and see a divided party .
After all , it has former DPJ members and former JSP members in its ranks .
But to look at those two extremes and assume an irreconcilably divided party is mistaken , not least because it ignores the enormous mass between the two .
The DPJ that went into the 2009 campaign had , between the upper and lower houses , sixteen former JSP members ( two who left the party after it had become the SDPJ ) and twenty former LDP members .
Of the latter , most of these members left the LDP in 1993 .
Most of the former Socialists have been in the DPJ since the creation of the former DPJ in 1996 .
Do the years spent away from their former parties count for nothing ?
This question applies doubly so to leaders like Ozawa and Hatoyama .
Ozawa may have once been a rising star , but why do his years in the wilderness count for nothing ?
Often ignored in accounts of the DPJ are the 134 members ( before Sunday ) who have spent their entire careers within the DPJ , a number that will of course swell thanks to the DPJ ’s overwhelming victory .
The point is that these party members are dedicated to the party ’s ideas as outlined above and as translated into policy form in the party ’s 2009 manifesto .
There will inevitably be rifts as the party fills in the details surrounding its policies once in power , but differences in opinion along these lines are normal .
Another manner in which the DPJ is more united , at least compared to the LDP , is in its internal structure .
The DPJ does not have the sprawling policymaking organization that is the LDP ’s policy research council .
It has been a considerably more top - down organization than the LDP and customarily has had collective leadership , starting with Hatoyama and Kan at the party ’s birth and continuing onward through to the Ozawa - Hatoyama - Kan troika and the party ’s Next Cabinet , which early in the DPJ ’s existence replaced the general council ( which in the LDP exerts a veto over the cabinet ) .
Successful administrative reform will depend on the DPJ ’s bringing this tradition of top - down , collective leadership into government .
Identical to the LDP ? :
Another common argument about the DPJ is that it is nothing more than a pale imitation of the LDP .
There are a couple ways to address this argument .
First , if this is in fact the case , so what ?
In most if not all developed democracies , intense ideological divides have narrowed so that center - left and center - right parties have moved ever closer and now compete more on the basis of administrative competence and corruption than on profound clashes based on policy or conforming to class cleavages .
Why should Japan be any different ?
But while the DPJ and the LDP differed largely on questions of how to pay for programs that neither side questioned in principle , there is one area in which the two parties differed radically : administrative reform .
The LDP has long talked about administrative reform , but has only haltingly followed through on its rhetoric .
The DPJ , however , has made clear that its first and most important order of business is shifting the balance of power between politicians and bureaucrats in favor of politicians in the cabinet , especially when it comes to budgeting .
If the DPJ delivers on its proposals — and given its mandate , it is hard to see how it will fail to make at least some progress — it will be in a position to make more substantial policy changes .
Left wing ? :
Others argue that far from being identical to the LDP , the DPJ is actually a radical left wing party .
There is little evidence to support this argument .
Indeed , it is barely worth addressing .
No party led by Ozawa Ichiro for three years , and before that Maehara Seiji , merits the label left wing .
Muddled policy :
There is , of course , some truth to this argument , especially as far as the party ’s economic growth strategy is concerned .
Others in Washington argue that the DPJ ’s position on foreign policy is muddled .
I would be more concerned about the former than the latter .
As I wrote last week , the DPJ is more united on foreign policy questions than often assumed , and on the realignment of US forces , the foreign policy issue most likely to be taken up by the Hatoyama government early on , the party is almost completely in agreement in opposition to the 2006 roadmap .
But while there are many remaining questions about how the DPJ will get Japan ’s economy growing again and fix the government ’s finances — new bond issues ?
dollar reserves ?
tax reform ? — the DPJ will answer these questions soon .
What we can be sure about is that the biggest pieces of the DPJ ’s manifesto — child allowances , income support for farmers , free public high schools , tollfree national expressways — will be assigned high priority by the new government .
And on administrative reform , the party ’s position is clear : it will transform the balance of power within the government .
The DPJ may make some tactical compromises as it pursues a new policymaking process , but it will make it a top priority .
There are unanswered questions about a DPJ government , one of the biggest being a triumphant Ozawa Ichiro ’s role in the new administration .
But the party will enjoy a honeymoon and it has a huge majority with which to work .
The Japanese public has certainly provided the DPJ with the perfect tool with which to implement its agenda .
The first wave of slayings haunted Los Angeles in the mid-1970s .
The killer slipped mostly unseen through the night , preying on older women who lived alone .
He raped them and squeezed their necks until they passed out or died .
Of the 17 who were killed , he placed pillows or blankets over their faces .
The second wave hit a decade later in Claremont -- five older women raped and strangled , faces again covered .
Even with at least 20 survivors , police never connected the two homicide - and - rape rampages nor solved either of them .
The victims gave conflicting descriptions of the rapist , police in different jurisdictions did n't communicate , and DNA technology had not come into use .
Now authorities say they have linked John Floyd Thomas Jr. , a 72 - year - old state insurance claims adjuster who twice has been convicted of sexual assault , to five of the slayings .
Detectives also describe him as a suspect in up to 25 more based on the circumstances of those crimes .
" When all is said and done , Mr. Thomas stands to be Los Angeles ' most prolific serial killer , " said LAPD Robbery - Homicide Cold Case Det. Richard Bengston .
Read the rest of the story here .
-- Andrew Blankstein and Joe Mozingo
There will be an appeal against the verdict of insulting the president
A civil servant in Egypt has been jailed for three years for insulting President Hosni Mubarak in a poem , according to newspaper reports .
Moneer Said Hanna 's family said he wrote satirical poetry for fun , to entertain his work colleagues , and never meant to hurt anyone .
The case was largely unknown until the family asked a newspaper to publish an appeal for clemency .
The Arab Network for Human Rights says it will appeal against the sentence .
It says Mr Hanna , who worked as a civil servant in a small town in upper Egypt , was tried without being given access to a lawyer .
Interrogation
His younger brother , Hanna Said , said that Moneer Said Hanna began writing poetry only recently and was encouraged when his colleagues at the office enjoyed reading it .
But things took a turn for the worse when he began to write about problems at work and everyday life .
He was summoned for interrogation and put on trial for insulting the head of state .
Under Egyptian law , insulting the president can land the offender in jail for up to three years .
The newspaper that published Mr Hanna 's appeal for clemency did not publish any verses from the incriminating poem .
The BBC's Arab affairs analyst , Magdi Abdelhadi , says the case is bound to raise questions as to why the authorities decided to act against this largely unknown amateur writer , when satirical poems about President Mubarak by known poets are widely available in Egypt and on the internet .
There are many reasons for Chicagoans to poke fun at the northwest suburb of Schaumburg , but the existence of red light cameras soon wo n't be one of them .
Officials expect to get rid of Schaumburg 's sole red light camera in July after the local police department has determined that it provides no appreciable safety benefits .
The city originally installed the camera at a busy intersection near the ever - popular Woodfield Mall sometime last year as a testing ground before the city installed more cameras .
According to Schaumburg Mayor Al Larson , the city had been sold on pitches from red light camera companies claiming that the devices would help prevent serious accidents .
Like other municipalities , Schaumburg began issuing $ 100 tickets in November to those found blowing the red light , generating some 7,000 tickets by the end of 2008 , according to the Daily Herald .
By February , that number climbed to over 10,000 and $ 1 million in revenue .
Apparently very few accidents were prevented , however , and the city got numerous angry phone calls from citizens and tourists alike , resulting in the camera being switched off in February .
" The result is very few crashes at any of our major intersections have been the result of traffic signal violations , " Police Chief Brian Howerton told the Herald .
He reiterated that other cities may want to change driver behavior by using tickets to force drivers to stop , but Schaumburg 's goal was always to prevent collisions .
As a result , Howerton is recommending the city take down the camera and not install any more .
" It was not our intent to use them as a revenue generator , " Mayor Larson added .
Schaumburg 's decision stands in stark contrast with most other municipalities that have installed the devices , including the city of Chicago .
In many of these cases , data showing that red light cameras increase safety is conveniently missing , as exemplified by a high - profile case in Denver earlier this year .
Instead , cities love raking in the ticket revenue while hiding behind the thin veil of safety , even though it has been argued that the surest way to increase safety at red lights is by extending the yellow period .
The state of Mississippi , however , has bucked this trend by banning red light cameras on the state level earlier this year .
While we hardly expect the entire state of Illinois to follow suit , it 's nice to see smaller cities like Schaumburg eschew such a lucrative revenue source because the product simply does n't do what it claims to do .
Update : A person " familiar with the matter " in Schaumburg says the city largely decided to get rid of the camera due to complaints from out - of - towners who wanted to shop at Woodfield Mall , and Schaumburg did n't want to ruin its image of being a " suburban shopping mecca . "
Okular , Debian , and copy restrictions
Did you know ...?
LWN . net is a subscriber - supported publication ; we rely on subscribers to keep the entire operation going .
Please help out by buying a subscription and keeping LWN on the net .
One of the biggest advantages of free software is that it is usually written with the needs of its users in mind .
Proprietary software , instead , has more of a tendency to reflect the interests of its owners .
Thus , free applications do not normally implement " features " which allow their users to do less .
One might think that the consensus against " antifeatures " in free software is nearly universal , but , as the case of the okular PDF reader in Debian shows , there are still exceptions .
The PDF file format includes a number of protection flags which specify whether the reader is allowed to print the file , make changes , or to copy out excerpts .
There is nothing in the format which actively prevents such activities ; these flags are simply instructions which any application operating on PDF files is expected to observe .
If the " no copy " flag is set , cutting and pasting text from the file should - by the standard - be disabled in any reader application .
Developers of free applications have , as a general rule , never quite gotten around to implementing this kind of restriction - even though the low - level poppler PDF - processing library makes such support possible .
Applications which do implement this " feature " tend to disable it by default .
This is not the case with Okular , though .
An attempt to select text from a suitably - marked PDF file yields a rather confusing dialog which reads " copy forbidden by DRM " ( see the image to the right ) .
Amusingly , the application will still allow the selected region to be saved as an image file , but sending the text to the clipboard is not allowed .
There is a configuration option which disables this behavior , but the default setting is to enforce the copy restriction flag .
John Goerzen encountered this behavior in Debian 's Okular package ; suffice to say he was not pleased .
He filed a bug and asked :
So what I want to know is : why are people putting code into Debian that limits our freedom ?
Why are people putting such code into KDE ?
And can we please patch it to stop that ?
One of the important roles played by distributors is to serve as an intermediary between upstream projects and their users .
If a development project does something which is not in the interests of its users , distributors have the opportunity , thanks to free licensing , to fix the problem .
A look at a typical distributor 's source packages will reveal that a number of applications have been patched in ways which change their behavior and generally make them fit in better .
This final bit of finish is part of the value that distributors add .
Given that it's hard to find users who are asking for copy restriction features , one might think that this would be an ideal place for the Debian developers in charge of Okular to provide a more friendly default .
But they do not want to do that .
Okular developer Pino Toscano justifies the copy - restriction antifeature by saying that it 's part of the PDF format specification .
Since Okular is meant to follow the standard , it must do so in this case as well .
Beyond that , Pino says :
If tomorrow a corporate person complains that Okular does not respect the PDF format in that sense and that they cannot make use of it because of that , what should I tell them ?
They would be right .
Look , having the " power of developers " does not imply developers should feel like crackers , disabling restrictions just because they can or in the name of some " freedom " .
Additionally , Debian KDE maintainer Sune Vuorela claims that the overhead of maintaining a patch to Okular would exceed the value gained - though it has been pointed out that the patch is trivial - and that the real problem is that people are downloading PDF files with restrictions in the first place .
He states that Okular should not help users to " violate the conditions of use " associated with the file , but does not say why , if that is a concern , the ability to ignore copy restrictions is not patched out altogether .
Beyond that , others have raised concerns that failure to enforce copy restrictions could lead to legal problems in some jurisdictions .
It is not clear which jurisdictions those would be , though .
The copying of excerpts is allowed by fair use rules almost everywhere .
Even the DMCA should not come into play here ; the " do not copy " flag is simply a piece of advice found in the file which does not constitute an " effective technological measure " in any way .
There has been a distinct shortage of legal problems ( or even threats ) associated with any of the other PDF readers which fail to implement this particular behavior .
And , if such threats did exist , the existence of an option to ignore copy restrictions would be problematic regardless of its default value .
The evince PDF reader ran into this issue back in 2005 .
It is now rare to find a distributor shipping a version of evince which implements copy restrictions .
Xpdf implements copy restrictions unconditionally , but Debian patched that code out in 2002 , and that patch has spread to other distributors as well .
In general , as one would expect , free PDF readers tend not to implement this behavior .
Okular is about the only exception that your editor can find ; it 's interesting to note that the version of Okular shipped with Fedora Rawhide also implements copy restrictions by default .
Perhaps this behavior is result of the relative newness of this application ; as it accumulates more users , the pressure for more user - friendly behavior is likely to grow .
As that pressure mounts , Okular 's developers and packagers may find it hard to justify keeping copy restrictions in place .
Linux , at all levels , has felt free to ignore standards when following them makes no sense .
And one could argue that the copy - restriction flag - which interferes with fair - use rights while doing nothing to prevent copying of the file or its contents - makes little sense indeed .
This is not a feature which adds value for Linux users ; such features still tend to disappear over time .
It 's over .
Officials can tell historians how they grappled with the Great Crash of 2008 .
Labour can hope against all reason that the electorate will re-elect it for saving Britain .
The rest of us can return to normal , which to the British means borrowing huge sums to gamble in the property market .
The bets turned sour last time , but why not take a flutter now ?
Or buy a new car ?
Or just stop worrying that the sociopath in human resources will call you in for a " little chat " ?
Reasons to be cheerful abound .
Last week , the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors said that its prediction that house prices would fall in 2009 was hopelessly pessimistic .
Car sales rose for the first time since April 2008 , while the marvellous recovery in the stock market continued to delight all those brave investors who had bought cheap in the spring .
Everyone was enjoying an unaccustomed optimism , until the Bank of England announced that the crisis is n't over until the Old Lady of Threadneedle Street sings and she is still too depressed to croon .
The decision by the Monetary Policy Committee to carry on with the emergency strategy of printing money to reflate the economy shocked observers , who believed that it must share their good cheer .
Evidently , the Bank feared that the rise in the markets was not a sign of a return to growth but a " sucker 's rally " .
The derisive phrase has an ominous history .
One of the greatest of all stock market delusions was the sucker 's rally in the American markets after the Great Crash of 1929 .
Investors forgot images of weeping Wall Street dealers screaming that they would sell at any price and watched excitedly as prices bounced back .
In June 1930 , a delegation of bishops and bankers begged President Hoover to help find work for the unemployed .
" Gentleman , you have come 60 days too late , " Hoover replied .
" The depression is over . "
Within a year , soup kitchens had spread across America .
Christina Romer , head of President Obama 's Council of Economic Advisers , has warned him not to repeat a similar failure to grasp how fragile recoveries can be by Hoover 's successor , Franklin Roosevelt .
In 1937 , when the American economy was at last on the mend , Roosevelt 's administration thought that it could restore order to the public finances , only to see its spending cuts and tax rises send a healthy economy back over the edge .
Meanwhile , throughout Japan's " lost decade " of the 1990s , every sucker who announced that normality was returning later recanted .
At the beginning of our crisis , David Blanchflower urged his colleagues on the Monetary Policy Committee to ask : " What should we do if we think Britain 's position is as bad as America 's in the 1930s or Japan in the 1990s ? "
The MPC 's answer has been to keep its foot pressed hard on the accelerator and ignore all those who urge it to drive carefully .
When Mervyn King delivers his inflation report on Wednesday , my guess is that he will say that he remains fearful about the lack of credit in the economy .
The media talk about the failure of British banks to lend and too often forget that the foreign banks , which used to supply credit , have not merely cut back on their lending , but wound - up their British operations .
The MPC is not only concerned about banks lending too little , but that there are fewer banks to lend anything at all .
I wonder , too , if King will talk about the menace of unemployment .
For a bulimic country , which has gorged itself on debt , mass unemployment will bring mass defaults , which will pose a new threat to the worm - eaten edifice of our banking system .
King must be grateful that he does not have to fret about the political consequences of the recession carrying on or a recovery being so weak and short - lived we will barely notice it .
But David Cameron and George Osborne ought to be waking up in cold sweats .
With his sniper 's eye for an enemy 's weaknesses , Peter Mandelson noted the other day that the Tories were talking about cuts in public spending with indecent " relish " .
And , indeed , many Conservative core voters are delighted by the prospect that Cameron will have to reduce radically the size of the state , rather than lead the moderate , consensual administration he thought he would be running before the crash .
If the Bank of England is right , however , and the crisis is not over , it is far from clear when Osborne can start cutting spending and raising taxes .
He must want to get the pain over with early in a parliament while he can still blame Gordon Brown for the nation 's woes .
As Robert Chote from the Institute for Fiscal Studies says , he must also be aware that if he does not offer a plan to cut quickly , investors may panic and push up the price of British debt .
Maybe Mervyn King will offer him a way out and tell him that quantitative easing can take the strain , and the Treasury should not be distracted from reforming the public finances .
But if he does n't , or if he does and he 's wrong , the Cameron government could make the same mistake as the Roosevelt administration and enfeeble a recovering economy .
Beyond these scenarios , which are already frightening enough , lies that shamefully ignored prospect of mass unemployment .
If King raises it on Wednesday , it will be a welcome break with the past .
I have scanned the serious press in vain looking for bold ideas to pull university lecturers off academic research , for instance , and order them to teach tens of thousands more students , or to create as many cheap , state - funded jobs as possible .
At least far - sighted Americans lobbied Hoover in 1930 .
Polite society in Britain today is not even asking what it will do if there are hundreds of thousands of justifiably furious young people on the streets .
The least bad answer is to imitate the Bank of England and keep the foot pressed down on the accelerator .
The risk of investors refusing to finance government debt remains less severe than the continuing danger that precipitate tax rises and spending cuts will push Britain under .
If nothing else has become clear in American politics this week , at least we now know that John Edwards likes to look good .
And if looking good costs $ 1,250 ( airfare included , natch ) , then so be it .
But Edward ’s pricey stylist was n’t the only member of the candidate ’s camp to break ranks in recent weeks .
Edward ’s wife , Elizabeth , got in a heated argument with conservative waif Ann Coulter on MSNBC ’s Hardball , igniting rumors that the whole thing might have been a publicity ploy to raise money for her hubby ’s campaign .
That would n’t be out of the question , as Edwards recently e-mailed supporters asking for handouts in order to reach a goal of $ 9 million raised for the quarter , a big step below the $ 14 million he was able to raise in the first quarter .
He ’s in third place among Democratic candidates but well behind front - runners Hillary Clinton ( $ 27 million ) and Barack Obama ( $ 32 million ) for earning in the last three months .
It ’s precisely these kinds of challenging moments that lead to a public relations emergency .
With politics , image is everything , baby .
So as Johnny ’s coif fell flat with critics , Radar got on the horn to Frank Kauffman , executive VP and general manager of Edelman PR , the firm known for handling political hot potatoes on the Hill .
John Edwards , you ’re in the PR / ER !
A Letter to A Hindu
The Subjection of India - Its Cause and Cure .
With an Introduction by M. K. Gandhi .
Introduction
The letter printed below is a translation of Tolstoy 's letter written in Russian in reply to one from the Editor of Free Hindustan .
After having passed from hand to hand , this letter at last came into my possession through a friend who asked me , as one much interested in Tolstoy 's writings , whether I thought it worth publishing .
I at once replied in the affirmative , and told him I should translate it myself into Gujarati and induce others ' to translate and publish it in various Indian vernaculars .
The letter as received by me was a type - written copy .
It was therefore referred to the author , who confirmed it as his and kindly granted me permission to print it .
To me , as a humble follower of that great teacher whom I have long looked upon as one of my guides , it is a matter of honour to be connected with the publication of his letter , such especially as the one which is now being given to the world .
It is a mere statement of fact to say that every Indian , whether he owns up to it or not , has national aspirations .
But there are as many opinions as there are Indian nationalists as to the exact meaning of that aspiration , and more especially as to the methods to be used to attain the end .
One of the accepted and ' time - honoured ' methods to attain the end is that of violence .
The assassination of Sir Curzon Wylie was an illustration of that method in its worst and most detestable form .
Tolstoy 's life has been devoted to replacing the method of violence for removing tyranny or securing reform by the method of non-resistance to evil .
He would meet hatred expressed in violence by love expressed in self - suffering .
He admits of no exception to whittle down this great and divine law of love .
He applies it to all the problems that trouble mankind .
When a man like Tolstoy , one of the clearest thinkers in the western world , one of the greatest writers , one who as a soldier has known what violence is and what it can do , condemns Japan for having blindly followed the law of modern science , falsely so - called , and fears for that country ' the greatest calamities ' , it is for us to pause and consider whether , in our impatience of English rule , we do not want to replace one evil by another and a worse .
India , which is the nursery of the great faiths of the world , will cease to be nationalist India , whatever else she may become , when she goes through the process of civilization in the shape of reproduction on that sacred soil of gun factories and the hateful industrialism which has reduced the people of Europe to a state of slavery , and all but stifled among them the best instincts which are the heritage of the human family .
If we do not want the English in India we must pay the price .
Tolstoy indicates it .
' Do not resist evil , but also do not yourselves participate in evil -- in the violent deeds of the administration of the law courts , the collection of taxes and , what is more important , of the soldiers , and no one in the world will enslave you ' , passionately declares the sage of Yasnaya Polyana .
Who can question the truth of what he says in the following : ' A commercial company enslaved a nation comprising two hundred millions .
Tell this to a man free from superstition and he will fail to grasp what these words mean .
What does it mean that thirty thousand people , not athletes , but rather weak and ordinary people , have enslaved two hundred millions of vigorous , clever , capable , freedom - loving people ?
Do not the figures make it clear that not the English , but the Indians , have enslaved themselves ? '
One need not accept all that Tolstoy says -- some of his facts are not accurately stated -- to realize the central truth of his indictment of the present system , which is to understand and act upon the irresistible power of the soul over the body , of love , which is an attribute of the soul , over the brute or body force generated by the stirring in us of evil passions .
There is no doubt that there is nothing new in what Tolstoy preaches .
But his presentation of the old truth is refreshingly forceful .
His logic is unassailable .
And above all he endeavours to practise what he preaches .
He preaches to convince .
He is sincere and in earnest .
He commands attention .
[ 19th November , 1909 ]
M. K. GANDHI
-
A Letter To A Hindu .
All that exists is One .
People only call this One by different names .
~THE VEDAS .
God is love , and he that abideth in love abideth in God , and God abideth in him .
~I JOHN iv. 16 .
God is one whole ; we are the parts .
~EXPOSITION OF THE TEACHING OF THE VEDAS BY VIVEKANANDA .
-
I
Do not seek quiet and rest in those earthly realms where delusions and desires are engendered , for if thou dost , thou wilt be dragged through the rough wilderness of life , which is far from Me .
Whenever thou feelest that thy feet are becoming entangled in the interlaced roots of life , know that thou has strayed from the path to which I beckon thee : for I have placed thee in broad , smooth paths , which are strewn with flowers .
I have put a light before thee , which thou canst follow and thus run without stumbling .
~KRISHNA .
-
I have received your letter and two numbers of your periodical , both of which interest me extremely .
The oppression of a majority by a minority , and the demoralization inevitably resulting from it , is a phenomenon that has always occupied me and has done so most particularly of late .
I will try to explain to you what I think about that subject in general , and particularly about the cause from which the dreadful evils of which you write in your letter , and in the Hindu periodical you have sent me , have arisen and continue to arise .
The reason for the astonishing fact that a majority of working people submit to a handful of idlers who control their labour and their very lives is always and everywhere the same -- whether the oppressors and oppressed are of one race or whether , as in India and elsewhere , the oppressors are of a different nation .
This phenomenon seems particularly strange in India , for there more than two hundred million people , highly gifted both physically and mentally , find themselves in the power of a small group of people quite alien to them in thought , and immeasurably inferior to them in religious morality .
From your letter and the articles in Free Hindustan as well as from the very interesting writings of the Hindu Swami Vivekananda and others , it appears that , as is the case in our time with the ills of all nations , the reason lies in the lack of a reasonable religious teaching which by explaining the meaning of life would supply a supreme law for the guidance of conduct and would replace the more than dubious precepts of pseudo - religion and pseudo - science with the immoral conclusions deduced from them and commonly called ' civilization ' .
Your letter , as well as the articles in Free Hindustan and Indian political literature generally , shows that most of the leaders of public opinion among your people no longer attach any significance to the religious teachings that were and are professed by the peoples of India , and recognize no possibility of freeing the people from the oppression they endure except by adopting the irreligious and profoundly immoral social arrangements under which the English and other pseudo - Christian nations live to - day .
And yet the chief if not the sole cause of the enslavement of the Indian peoples by the English lies in this very absence of a religious consciousness and of the guidance for conduct which should flow from it -- a lack common in our day to all nations East and West , from Japan to England and America alike .
II
O ye , who see perplexities over your heads , beneath your feet , and to the right and left of you ; you will be an eternal enigma unto yourselves until ye become humble and joyful as children .
Then will ye find Me , and having found Me in yourselves , you will rule over worlds , and looking out from the great world within to the little world without , you will bless everything that is , and find all is well with time and with you .
~KRISHNA .
-
To make my thoughts clear to you I must go farther back .
We do not , cannot , and I venture to say need not , know how men lived millions of years ago or even ten thousand years ago , but we do know positively that , as far back as we have any knowledge of mankind , it has always lived in special groups of families , tribes , and nations in which the majority , in the conviction that it must be so , submissively and willingly bowed to the rule of one or more persons -- that is to a very small minority .
Despite all varieties of circumstances and personalities these relations manifested themselves among the various peoples of whose origin we have any knowledge ; and the farther back we go the more absolutely necessary did this arrangement appear , both to the rulers and the ruled , to make it possible for people to live peacefully together .
So it was everywhere .
But though this external form of life existed for centuries and still exists , very early -- thousands of years before our time -- amid this life based on coercion , one and the same thought constantly emerged among different nations , namely , that in every individual a spiritual element is manifested that gives life to all that exists , and that this spiritual element strives to unite with everything of a like nature to itself , and attains this aim through love .
This thought appeared in most various forms at different times and places , with varying completeness and clarity .
It found expression in Brahmanism , Judaism , Mazdaism ( the teachings of Zoroaster ) , in Buddhism , Taoism , Confucianism , and in the writings of the Greek and Roman sages , as well as in Christianity and Mohammedanism .
The mere fact that this thought has sprung up among different nations and at different times indicates that it is inherent in human nature and contains the truth .
But this truth was made known to people who considered that a community could only be kept together if some of them restrained others , and so it appeared quite irreconcilable with the existing order of society .
Moreover it was at first expressed only fragmentarily , and so obscurely that though people admitted its theoretic truth they could not entirely accept it as guidance for their conduct .
Then , too , the dissemination of the truth in a society based on coercion was always hindered in one and the same manner , namely , those in power , feeling that the recognition of this truth would undermine their position , consciously or sometimes unconsciously perverted it by explanations and additions quite foreign to it , and also opposed it by open violence .
Thus the truth -- that his life should be directed by the spiritual element which is its basis , which manifests itself as love , and which is so natural to man -- this truth , in order to force a way to man 's consciousness , had to struggle not merely against the obscurity with which it was expressed and the intentional and unintentional distortions surrounding it , but also against deliberate violence , which by means of persecutions and punishments sought to compel men to accept religious laws authorized by the rulers and conflicting with the truth .
Such a hindrance and misrepresentation of the truth -- which had not yet achieved complete clarity -- occurred everywhere : in Confucianism and Taoism , in Buddhism and in Christianity , in Mohammedanism and in your Brahmanism .
III
My hand has sowed love everywhere , giving unto all that will receive .
Blessings are offered unto all My children , but many times in their blindness they fail to see them .
How few there are who gather the gifts which lie in profusion at their feet : how many there are , who , in wilful waywardness , turn their eyes away from them and complain with a wail that they have not that which I have given them ; many of them defiantly repudiate not only My gifts , but Me also , Me , the Source of all blessings and the Author of their being .
I tarry awhile from the turmoil and strife of the world .
I will beautify and quicken thy life with love and with joy , for the light of the soul is Love .
Where Love is , there is contentment and peace , and where there is contentment and peace , there am I , also , in their midst .
~KRISHNA .
-
The aim of the sinless
One consists in acting without causing sorrow to others , although he could attain to great power by ignoring their feelings .
The aim of the sinless
One lies in not doing evil unto those who have done evil unto him .
If a man causes suffering even to those who hate him without any reason , he will ultimately have grief not to be overcome .
The punishment of evil doers consists in making them feel ashamed of themselves by doing them a great kindness .
Of what use is superior knowledge in the one , if he does not endeavour to relieve his neighbour 's want as much as his own ?
If , in the morning , a man wishes to do evil unto another , in the evening the evil will return to him .
~THE HINDU KURAL .
-
Thus it went on everywhere .
The recognition that love represents the highest morality was nowhere denied or contradicted , but this truth was so interwoven everywhere with all kinds of falsehoods which distorted it , that finally nothing of it remained but words .
It was taught that this highest morality was only applicable to private life -- for home use , as it were -- but that in public life all forms of violence -- such as imprisonment , executions , and wars -- might be used for the protection of the majority against a minority of evildoers , though such means were diametrically opposed to any vestige of love .
And though common sense indicated that if some men claim to decide who is to be subjected to violence of all kinds for the benefit of others , these men to whom violence is applied may , in turn , arrive at a similar conclusion with regard to those who have employed violence to them , and though the great religious teachers of Brahmanism , Buddhism , and above all of Christianity , foreseeing such a perversion of the law of love , have constantly drawn attention to the one invariable condition of love ( namely , the enduring of injuries , insults , and violence of all kinds without resisting evil by evil ) people continued -- regardless of all that leads man forward -- to try to unite the incompatibles : the virtue of love , and what is opposed to love , namely , the restraining of evil by violence .
And such a teaching , despite its inner contradiction , was so firmly established that the very people who recognize love as a virtue accept as lawful at the same time an order of life based on violence and allowing men not merely to torture but even to kill one another .
For a long time people lived in this obvious contradiction without noticing it .
But a time arrived when this contradiction became more and more evident to thinkers of various nations .
And the old and simple truth that it is natural for men to help and to love one another , but not to torture and to kill one another , became ever clearer , so that fewer and fewer people were able to believe the sophistries by which the distortion of the truth had been made so plausible .
In former times the chief method of justifying the use of violence and thereby infringing the law of love was by claiming a divine right for the rulers : the Tsars , Sultans , Rajahs , Shahs , and other heads of states .
But the longer humanity lived the weaker grew the belief in this peculiar , God -- given right of the ruler .
That belief withered in the same way and almost simultaneously in the Christian and the Brahman world , as well as in Buddhist and Confucian spheres , and in recent times it has so faded away as to prevail no longer against man 's reasonable understanding and the true religious feeling .
People saw more and more clearly , and now the majority see quite clearly , the senselessness and immorality of subordinating their wills to those of other people just like themselves , when they are bidden to do what is contrary not only to their interests but also to their moral sense .
And so one might suppose that having lost confidence in any religious authority for a belief in the divinity of potentates of various kinds , people would try to free themselves from subjection to it .
But unfortunately not only were the rulers , who were considered supernatural beings , benefited by having the peoples in subjection , but as a result of the belief in , and during the rule of , these pseudo - divine beings , ever larger and larger circles of people grouped and established themselves around them , and under an appearance of governing took advantage of the people .
And when the old deception of a supernatural and God-appointed authority had dwindled away these men were only concerned to devise a new one which like its predecessor should make it possible to hold the people in bondage to a limited number of rulers .
IV
Children , do you want to know by what your hearts should be guided ?
Throw aside your longings and strivings after that which is null and void ; get rid of your erroneous thoughts about happiness and wisdom , and your empty and insincere desires .
Dispense with these and you will know Love .
Be not the destroyers of yourselves .
Arise to your true Being , and then you will have nothing to fear .
~KRISHNA .
-
New justifications have now appeared in place of the antiquated , obsolete , religious ones .
These new justifications are just as inadequate as the old ones , but as they are new their futility cannot immediately be recognized by the majority of men .
Besides this , those who enjoy power propagate these new sophistries and support them so skilfully that they seem irrefutable even to many of those who suffer from the oppression these theories seek to justify .
These new justifications are termed ' scientific ' .
But by the term ' scientific ' is understood just what was formerly understood by the term ' religious ' : just as formerly everything called ' religious ' was held to be unquestionable simply because it was called religious , so now all that is called ' scientific ' is held to be unquestionable .
In the present case the obsolete religious justification of violence which consisted in the recognition of the supernatural personality of the God - ordained ruler ( ' there is no power but of God ' ) has been superseded by the ' scientific ' justification which puts forward , first , the assertion that because the coercion of man by man has existed in all ages , it follows that such coercion must continue to exist .
This assertion that people should continue to live as they have done throughout past ages rather than as their reason and conscience indicate , is what ' science ' calls ' the historic law ' .
A further ' scientific ' justification lies in the statement that as among plants and wild beasts there is a constant struggle for existence which always results in the survival of the fittest , a similar struggle should be carried on among human beings -- beings , that is , who are gifted with intelligence and love ; faculties lacking in the creatures subject to the struggle for existence and survival of the fittest .
Such is the second ' scientific ' justification .
The third , most important , and unfortunately most widespread justification is , at bottom , the age - old religious one just a little altered : that in public life the suppression of some for the protection of the majority cannot be avoided -- so that coercion is unavoidable however desirable reliance on love alone might be in human intercourse .
The only difference in this justification by pseudo - science consists in the fact that , to the question why such and such people and not others have the right to decide against whom violence may and must be used , pseudo - science now gives a different reply to that given by religion -- which declared that the right to decide was valid because it was pronounced by persons possessed of divine power .
' Science ' says that these decisions represent the will of the people , which under a constitutional form of government is supposed to find expression in all the decisions and actions of those who are at the helm at the moment .
Such are the scientific justifications of the principle of coercion .
They are not merely weak but absolutely invalid , yet they are so much needed by those who occupy privileged positions that they believe in them as blindly as they formerly believed in the immaculate conception , and propagate them just as confidently .
And the unfortunate majority of men bound to toil is so dazzled by the pomp with which these ' scientific truths ' are presented , that under this new influence it accepts these scientific stupidities for holy truth , just as it formerly accepted the pseudo - religious justifications ; and it continues to submit to the present holders of power who are just as hard - hearted but rather more numerous than before .
V
Who am I ?
I am that which thou hast searched for since thy baby eyes gazed wonderingly upon the world , whose horizon hides this real life from thee .
I am that which in thy heart thou hast prayed for , demanded as thy birthright , although thou hast not known what it was .
I am that which has lain in thy soul for hundreds and thousands of years .
Sometimes I lay in thee grieving because thou didst not recognize me ; sometimes I raised my head , opened my eyes , and extended my arms calling thee either tenderly and quietly , or strenuously , demanding that thou shouldst rebel against the iron chains which bound thee to the earth .
~KRISHNA .
-
So matters went on , and still go on , in the Christian world .
But we might have hope that in the immense Brahman , Buddhist , and Confucian worlds this new scientific superstition would not establish itself , and that the Chinese , Japanese , and Hindus , once their eyes were opened to the religious fraud justifying violence , would advance directly to a recognition of the law of love inherent in humanity , and which had been so forcibly enunciated by the great Eastern teachers .
But what has happened is that the scientific superstition replacing the religious one has been accepted and secured a stronger and stronger hold in the East .
In your periodical you set out as the basic principle which should guide the actions of your people the maxim that : ' Resistance to aggression is not simply justifiable but imperative , nonresistance hurts both Altruism and Egotism . '
Love is the only way to rescue humanity from all ills , and in it you too have the only method of saving your people from enslavement .
In very ancient times love was proclaimed with special strength and clearness among your people to be the religious basis of human life .
Love , and forcible resistance to evil - doers , involve such a mutual contradiction as to destroy utterly the whole sense and meaning of the conception of love .
And what follows ?
With a light heart and in the twentieth century you , an adherent of a religious people , deny their law , feeling convinced of your scientific enlightenment and your right to do so , and you repeat ( do not take this amiss ) the amazing stupidity indoctrinated in you by the advocates of the use of violence -- the enemies of truth , the servants first of theology and then of science -- your European teachers .
You say that the English have enslaved your people and hold them in subjection because the latter have not resisted resolutely enough and have not met force by force .
But the case is just the opposite .
If the English have enslaved the people of India it is just because the latter recognized , and still recognize , force as the fundamental principle of the social order .
In accord with that principle they submitted to their little rajahs , and on their behalf struggled against one another , fought the Europeans , the English , and are now trying to fight with them again .
A commercial company enslaved a nation comprising two hundred millions .
Tell this to a man free from superstition and he will fail to grasp what these words mean .
What does it mean that thirty thousand men , not athletes but rather weak and ordinary people , have subdued two hundred million vigorous , clever , capable , and freedom - loving people ?
Do not the figures make it clear that it is not the English who have enslaved the Indians , but the Indians who have enslaved themselves ?
When the Indians complain that the English have enslaved them it is as if drunkards complained that the spirit - dealers who have settled among them have enslaved them .
You tell them that they might give up drinking , but they reply that they are so accustomed to it that they cannot abstain , and that they must have alcohol to keep up their energy .
Is it not the same thing with the millions of people who submit to thousands ' or even to hundreds , of others -- of their own or other nations ?
If the people of India are enslaved by violence it is only because they themselves live and have lived by violence , and do not recognize the eternal law of love inherent in humanity .
Pitiful and foolish is the man who seeks what he already has , and does not know that he has it .
Yes , Pitiful and foolish is he who does not know the bliss of love which surrounds him and which I have given him .
~KRISHNA .
As soon as men live entirely in accord with the law of love natural to their hearts and now revealed to them , which excludes all resistance by violence , and therefore hold aloof from all participation in violence -- as soon as this happens , not only will hundreds be unable to enslave millions , but not even millions will be able to enslave a single individual .
Do not resist the evil - doer and take no part in doing so , either in the violent deeds of the administration , in the law courts , the collection of taxes , or above all in soldiering , and no one in the world will be able to enslave you .
VI
O ye who sit in bondage and continually seek and pant for freedom , seek only for love .
Love is peace in itself and peace which gives complete satisfaction .
I am the key that opens the portal to the rarely discovered land where contentment alone is found .
~KRISHNA .
-
What is now happening to the people of the East as of the West is like what happens to every individual when he passes from childhood to adolescence and from youth to manhood .
He loses what had hitherto guided his life and lives without direction , not having found a new standard suitable to his age , and so he invents all sorts of occupations , cares , distractions , and stupefactions to divert his attention from the misery and senselessness of his life .
Such a condition may last a long time .
When an individual passes from one period of life to another a time comes when he cannot go on in senseless activity and excitement as before , but has to understand that although he has outgrown what before used to direct him , this does not mean that he must live without any reasonable guidance , but rather that he must formulate for himself an understanding of life corresponding to his age , and having elucidated it must be guided by it .
And in the same way a similar time must come in the growth and development of humanity .
I believe that such a time has now arrived -- not in the sense that it has come in the year 1908 , but that the inherent contradiction of human life has now reached an extreme degree of tension : on the one side there is the consciousness of the beneficence of the law of love , and on the other the existing order of life which has for centuries occasioned an empty , anxious , restless , and troubled mode of life , conflicting as it does with the law of love and built on the use of violence .
This contradiction must be faced , and the solution will evidently not be favourable to the outlived law of violence , but to the truth which has dwelt in the hearts of men from remote antiquity : the truth that the law of love is in accord with the nature of man .
But men can only recognize this truth to its full extent when they have completely freed themselves from all religious and scientific superstitions and from all the consequent misrepresentations and sophistical distortions by which its recognition has been hindered for centuries .
To save a sinking ship it is necessary to throw overboard the ballast , which though it may once have been needed would now cause the ship to sink .
And so it is with the scientific superstition which hides the truth of their welfare from mankind .
In order that men should embrace the truth -- not in the vague way they did in childhood , nor in the one - sided and perverted way presented to them by their religious and scientific teachers , but embrace it as their highest law -- the complete liberation of this truth from all and every superstition ( both pseudo - religious and pseudo - scientific ) by which it is still obscured is essential : not a partial , timid attempt , reckoning with traditions sanctified by age and with the habits of the people -- not such as was effected in the religious sphere by Guru - Nanak , the founder of the sect of the Sikhs , and in the Christian world by Luther , and by similar reformers in other religions -- but a fundamental cleansing of religious consciousness from all ancient religious and modern scientific superstitions .
If only people freed themselves from their beliefs in all kinds of Ormuzds , Brahmas , Sabbaoths , and their incarnation as Krishnas and Christs , from beliefs in Paradises and Hells , in reincarnations and resurrections , from belief in the interference of the Gods in the external affairs of the universe , and above all , if they freed themselves from belief in the infallibility of all the various Vedas , Bibles , Gospels , Tripitakas , Korans , and the like , and also freed themselves from blind belief in a variety of scientific teachings about infinitely small atoms and molecules and in all the infinitely great and infinitely remote worlds , their movements and origin , as well as from faith in the infallibility of the scientific law to which humanity is at present subjected : the historic law , the economic laws , the law of struggle and survival , and so on -- if people only freed themselves from this terrible accumulation of futile exercises of our lower capacities of mind and memory called the ' Scien ces ' , and from the innumerable divisions of all sorts of histories , anthropologies , homiletics , bacteriologics , jurisprudences , cosmographies , strategies -- their name is legion -- and freed themselves from all this harmful , stupifying ballast -- the simple law of love , natural to man , accessible to all and solving all questions and perplexities , would of itself become clear and obligatory .
VII
Children , look at the flowers at your feet ; do not trample upon them .
Look at the love in your midst and do not repudiate it .
~KRISHNA .
There is a higher reason which transcends all human minds .
It is far and near .
It permeates all the worlds and at the same time is infinitely higher than they .
A man who sees that all things are contained in the higher spirit cannot treat any being with contempt .
For him to whom all spiritual beings are equal to the highest there can be no room for deception or grief .
Those who are ignorant and are devoted to the religious rites only , are in a deep gloom , but those who are given up to fruitless meditations are in a still greater darkness .
~UPANISHADS , FROM VEDAS .
-
Yes , in our time all these things must be cleared away in order that mankind may escape from self - inflicted calamities that have reached an extreme intensity .
Whether an Indian seeks liberation from subjection to the English , or anyone else struggles with an oppressor either of his own nationality or of another -- whether it be a Negro defending himself against the North Americans ; or Persians , Russians , or Turks against the Persian , Russian , or Turkish governments , or any man seeking the greatest welfare for himself and for everybody else -- they do not need explanations and justifications of old religious superstitions such as have been formulated by your Vivekanandas , Baba Bharatis , and others , or in the Christian world by a number of similar interpreters and exponents of things that nobody needs ; nor the innumerable scientific theories about matters not only unnecessary but for the most part harmful .
( In the spiritual realm nothing is indifferent : what is not useful is harmful . )
What are wanted for the Indian as for the Englishman , the Frenchman , the German , and the Russian , are not Constitutions and Revolutions , nor all sorts of Conferences and Congresses , nor the many ingenious devices for submarine navigation and aerial navigation , nor powerful explosives , nor all sorts of conveniences to add to the enjoyment of the rich , ruling classes ; nor new schools and universities with innumerable faculties of science , nor an augmentation of papers and books , nor gramophones and cinematographs , nor those childish and for the most part corrupt stupidities termed art -- but one thing only is needful : the knowledge of the simple and clear truth which finds place in every soul that is not stupefied by religious and scientific superstitions -- the truth that for our life one law is valid -- the law of love , which brings the highest happiness to every individual as well as to all mankind .
Free your minds from those overgrown , mountainous imbecilities which hinder your recognition of it , and at once the truth will emerge from amid the pseudo - religious nonsense that has been smothering it : the indubitable , eternal truth inherent in man , which is one and the same in all the great religions of the world .
It will in due time emerge and make its way to general recognition , and the nonsense that has obscured it will disappear of itself , and with it will go the evil from which humanity now suffers .
-
Children , look upwards with your beclouded eyes , and a world full of joy and love will disclose itself to you , a rational world made by My wisdom , the only real world .
Then you will know what love has done with you , what love has bestowed upon you , what love demands from you .
~KRISHNA .
YASNAYA POLYANA .
December 14th , 1908 .
Literature Network » Leo Tolstoy » A Letter to A Hindu
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Click on the images to enlarge them
The irony is not lost on Dr. Brian Winn .
When his 7 - year - old daughter was diagnosed with a brain tumor two years ago , Winn realized the cost of her treatment would max out his family ’s limit on his small - group insurance .
With cancer on their health record , the primary - care physician knew he would never qualify to buy another policy .
So his wife went to work for the state , which offers employees insurance — with no cap .
His daughter , Allison , came through her treatment and started fourth grade last week .
Winn , meanwhile , is leaving his practice to join Kaiser Permanente .
He ’s doing it , he said , because , as a private - practice physician , “ I think our business model is broken . ”
Health care in the United States is , arguably , the best in the world .
The system for getting that health care to people who need it is not .
The system is inefficient , fragmented , expensive , inconsistent , and it currently excludes some 46 million people .
It is , Winn and many others would say , broken .
Recognizing that is easy enough .
Understanding what created this mess is a lot more complicated .
“ The system got off track by a combination of forces , ” said Dr. Randall Clark , a pediatric anesthesiologist and president of the Denver Medical Society .
Atop any list of those forces is skyrocketing costs .
Nationally , health care spending is expected to reach $ 2.5 trillion in 2009 , according to the National Coalition on Health Care , which calls itself “ rigorously nonpartisan . ”
“ We lead all industrialized nations in the amount we spend on health care , ” said Rachel Nuzum , senior policy director for The Commonwealth Fund , a health care research and advocacy foundation .
“ The trajectory of spending that we ’re on is totally unsustainable , ” Nuzum said .
Figuring out what drives cost increases is where the consensus starts to fracture .
But there is broad agreement about some contributors :
Incompatible records , communication systems
Often , a primary - care doctor ’s computer ca n’t talk to a specialist ’s computer , which ca n’t talk to a hospital ’s .
At best , that can mean a lot of time spent phoning and e-mailing records .
At worst , it can mean needless repetition of expensive tests .
“ We ’re going to have to integrate ourselves to a greater degree , which will require some loss of autonomy , but the benefit will be well worth it , ” Dr. Randall Clark said .
Dr. Brian
Winn is finding that out .
Going to Kaiser means gaining an integrated system of care that fosters communication and consultation between primary - care doctors and specialists .
Kaiser Permanente ’s system includes another difference : Doctors are paid salaries , not reimbursed for each patient visit .
That illustrates one aspect of what many say is the Big Kahuna of contributors to the health system mess : how care is paid for .
Fragmentation
In 1949 , when President Harry Truman pushed coverage for seniors , opponents branded him socialist , and the idea was shot down .
Sixteen years later , when President Lyndon Johnson signed the legislation , 19 million seniors enrolled .
Now , the plan has more than 45 million enrolled , including 585,385 in Colorado .
Medicare is the biggest square in a patchwork quilt of government programs , including Medicaid , the Child Health Plan and the veterans system .
Each program has its own rules and procedures and , providers say , none pays enough for care to cover actual costs .
Not that it ’s easy to determine what “ actual costs ” are .
Insurance companies negotiate rates with hospitals and doctors , and those vary enormously .
With 30 years ’ perspective , Dr. Cecil Wilson , incoming AMA president , can say that it all adds up to medicine that ’s a lot more complicated , a lot more bound by bureaucratic red tape — of both the government and the private insurance varieties .
“ None of which , physicians would say , have added one iota to the quality of health care , ” Wilson said .
How care is paid
“ We would say the biggest driver of cost is the way we pay for health care , ” said Rachel Nuzum of The Commonwealth Fund , a health care research and advocacy foundation .
Dr. Randall Clark , president of the Denver Medical Society , would second that : “ I would say in general terms , what brought us to this point is a combination of factors , all related to the odd way we finance health care in this country , ” he said .
Most insurance systems , including Medicare , reward doctors and hospitals for treating sick patients — a structure known as fee - for - service — but offer no incentives for keeping people healthy .
“ If you have surgery in a hospital and you get an infection and stay two more days , the hospital makes a little more money , ” Nuzum said .
“ We do n’t think hospitals are willfully keeping people longer , but there are disincentives ” for preventive care .
“ Fee - for - service payments create incentives to provide high volume rather than high value — more , not better care , ” wrote Bridges to Excellence chief executive François de Brantes and two co-authors in a recent New England Journal of Medicine article .
Bridges to Excellence is a nonprofit organization of doctors , employers and others in the medical industry dedicated to improving health care .
That group and others are exploring variations in models that set payments for physicians , specialists and hospitals , based on evidence of what is best for treating a condition .
Health insurance as practiced in the United States was born during World War II .
In the 1930s , a few companies ventured into the health insurance business , but the public was n’t too interested , partly because there was n’t much in the way of expensive medical care .
At that time , one study found , the average family spent $ 108 a year on health care .
During World War II , with thousands of working - age men and women off fighting , labor became so scarce that the government imposed wage freezes on remaining workers .
With medicine advancing and its costs growing , employers competing for workers started offering health benefits .
And the link between employment and health insurance was forged .
That system works for a huge number of people , especially those who work for large companies , Nuzum said .
But even those people and companies are feeling pinched by skyrocketing insurance costs .
Lawsuits
Aside from the costs of liability insurance , doctors order extra tests , perform procedures that may be unnecessary and take other costly steps to protect themselves from lawsuits .
“ Defensive medicine adds $ 120 billion a year to the cost of health care , ” said Dr. Cecil Wilson , an internist and the American Medical Association ’s incoming president .
The uninsured
When people without insurance are turned away everywhere else , they turn up in emergency rooms , where , by law , they have to be seen .
If they ca n’t pay for their care , everyone else does — through tax dollars or higher insurance rates .
Technological and scientific advances
Breakthroughs in technology , medications and therapies all add exponentially to the costs of health care .
A single MRI machine can set a hospital or clinic back anywhere from $ 400,000 to $ 2 million , according to one Chicago - area vendor .
These days , it ’s hard to find a large metropolitan hospital without one — or more .
CDTC is accepting 2020 - 2021 ECE Educational Support Grant applications .
Apply here .
Submit eligible Child Development Permit applications through CDTC for funding and apply for fingerprint processing fee reimbursement .
Register to help improve the professionalism and workforce quality in ECE .
Downloads
16850 total ( 68 in the last 30 days )
Crossref Citations
This article has been cited by the following publications .
This list is generated based on data provided by CrossRef .
Smith , David S. Scalo , John and Wheeler , J.Craig 2004 .
Transport of ionizing radiation in terrestrial - like exoplanet atmospheres .
Icarus , Vol. 171 , Issue. 1 , p. 229 .
Ćirković , Milan M. 2004 .
The Temporal Aspect of the Drake Equation and SETI .
Astrobiology , Vol. 4 , Issue. 2 , p. 225 .
Thomas , Brian C. Melott , Adrian L. Jackman , Charles H. Laird , Claude M. Medvedev , Mikhail V. Stolarski , Richard S. Gehrels , Neil Cannizzo , John K. Hogan , Daniel P. and Ejzak , Larissa M. 2005 .
Gamma‐Ray Bursts and the Earth : Exploration of Atmospheric , Biological , Climatic , and Biogeochemical Effects .
The Astrophysical Journal , Vol. 634 , Issue . 1 , p. 509 .
Dermer , Charles D. and Holmes , Jeremy M. 2005 .
Cosmic Rays from Gamma - Ray Bursts in the Galaxy .
The Astrophysical Journal , Vol. 628 , Issue . 1 , p. L21 .
Gonzalez , Guillermo 2005 .
Habitable Zones in the Universe .
Origins of Life and Evolution of Biospheres , Vol. 35 , Issue . 6 , p. 555 .
Melott , Adrian L. Thomas , Brian C. Hogan , Daniel P. Ejzak , Larissa M. and Jackman , Charles H. 2005 .
Climatic and biogeochemical effects of a galactic gamma ray burst .
Geophysical Research Letters , Vol. 32 , Issue. 14 , p. n/a .
Pavlov , Alexander A. 2005 .
Catastrophic ozone loss during passage of the Solar system through an interstellar cloud .
Geophysical Research Letters , Vol. 32 , Issue .
1 ,
Thomas , Brian C. Jackman , Charles H. Melott , Adrian L. Laird , Claude M. Stolarski , Richard S. Gehrels , Neil Cannizzo , John K. and Hogan , Daniel P. 2005 .
Terrestrial Ozone Depletion due to a Milky Way Gamma - Ray Burst .
The Astrophysical Journal , Vol. 622 , Issue. 2 , p. L153 .
Atoyan , Armen Buckley , James and Krawczynski , Henric 2006 .
A Gamma -Ray Burst Remnant in Our Galaxy : HESS J1303 -631 .
The Astrophysical Journal , Vol. 642 , Issue. 2 , p. L153 .
MORROW , J. R. 2006 .
IMPACTS AND MASS EXTINCTIONS REVISITED .
PALAIOS , Vol. 21 , Issue .
4 , p. 313 .
Dreschhoff , G.A.M. and Laird , C.M. 2006 .
Evidence for a stratigraphic record of supernovae in polar ice .
Advances in Space Research , Vol. 38 , Issue. 7 , p. 1307 .
Thomas , B C and Melott , A L 2006 .
Gamma-ray bursts and terrestrial planetary atmospheres .
New Journal of Physics , Vol. 8 , Issue. 7 , p. 120 .
Ćirković , Milan M. and Bradbury , Robert J. 2006 .
Galactic gradients , postbiological evolution and the apparent failure of SETI .
New Astronomy , Vol. 11 , Issue. 8 , p. 628 .
Dermer , C D and Atoyan , A 2006 .
Ultra -high energy cosmic rays , cascade gamma rays , and high - energy neutrinos from gamma-ray bursts .
New Journal of Physics , Vol. 8 , Issue . 7 , p. 122 .
Vukotic , B. and Cirkovic , M.M. 2007 .
On the timescale forcing in astrobiology .
Serbian Astronomical Journal , p. 45 .
Dermer , Charles D. 2007 .
Rapid X‐Ray Declines and Plateaus inSwiftGRB Light Curves Explained by a Highly Radiative Blast Wave .
The Astrophysical Journal , Vol. 664 , Issue . 1 , p. 384 .
Achab , Aïcha and Paris , Florentin 2007 .
The Ordovician chitinozoan biodiversification and its leading factors .
Palaeogeography , Palaeoclimatology , Palaeoecology , Vol. 245 , Issue . 1 - 2 , p. 5 .
Björn , Lars Olof and McKenzie , Richard L. 2007 .
Attempts to Probe the Ozone Layer and the Ultraviolet - B Levels of the Past .
AMBIO : A Journal of the Human Environment , Vol. 36 , Issue .
5 , p. 366 .
Ejzak , Larissa M. Melott , Adrian L. Medvedev , Mikhail V. and Thomas , Brian C. 2007 .
Terrestrial Consequences of Spectral and Temporal Variability in Ionizing Photon Events .
The Astrophysical Journal , Vol. 654 , Issue . 1 , p. 373 .
GALANTE , DOUGLAS and HORVATH , JORGE ERNESTO 2007 .
QUANTITATIVE BIOLOGICAL EFFECTS OF GAMMA-RAY BURSTS .
International Journal of Modern Physics D , Vol. 16 , Issue .
02n03 , p. 509 .
Location : Yarmouth , Nova Scotia , , Canada
This is little Krumb , the new edition to my family .
She is a very special kitty .
She is sooo lovable and cuddly !
And she loves playing with her sister , Kiwi .
CLE Done Right
Attorney Credits is the leading provider of Continuing Legal Education in the nation .
From the west coast with California MCLE to the Lone Star State of Texas CLE to the east coast and New York CLE we have online CLE you have been looking for .
Our success is based on our commitment to providing quality state bar approved CLE courses and making them available to our attorneys on - demand at affordable prices .
This commitment starts with ensuring that our courses are pre-approved for CLE credit .
This requires that we work closely with each state bar to ensure we maintain our approved provider status and develop courses that exceed minimum CLE guidelines .
Our online CLE platform makes sure that attorneys have a dependable method of accessing our MCLE courses .
Attorneys can take their required continuing legal education credits through streaming courses as well as downloading their courses for offline viewing on any desktop or mobile device .
We even have audio CD , USB stick , and MP3 digital audio player bundle options .
Potent cannabis can cause psychosis in healthy people , a new British study has proved conclusively .
The results appear to confirm a link between psychosis and skunk cannabis , which accounts for 80 per cent of street seizures of the drug .
Scientists at the Institute of Psychiatry at King 's College , London , made the discovery after tests on 22 healthy men in their late 20s .
They injected them with the chemical THC - a main component of skunk cannabis , which has been blamed for increasing psychosis among heavy users .
Scientists gave a dummy injection to some of the men and a dose of THC to others .
They found a link between the chemical and psychosis , in which hallucinations leave sufferers unable to know what is real and what is imagined .
Terminology used by technicians
Stuffed A description of an item of equipment indicating that it does not work quite as well as when it was new .
This situation is not expected to change in the near future .
Fucked Terminally stuffed .
Fuck me dead A technical expression meaning that after you have totally stripped an assembly you did n't really need to , you have read the manual to discover a major warning in bold type saying never to touch that part under any circumstances whatsoever , as it requires factory ( overseas ) realignment .
Fuck it all
An expression that follows the tinging sound of a miniature spring or circlip bouncing off something on the other side of the room .
Unfortunately , you did n't see where it came from , where it went to , and have no idea what it looks like .
Fucking bloody fuck
An expression used after 2 full days reassembling and mechanical aligning to find that an extremely fundamental part is still sitting under the workshop bench .
Holy bloody shit
The expression used immediately after stripping the thread or hexagon off a small bolt and remembering that it had a left hand thread .
Shit , fuck , shit The technical expression denoting full understanding that the thing you have just dropped into the bowels of the machine is not only critically important to the machines operation , but is completely beyond retrieval .
Shit , shit , shit Something weighing 400 kg is sitting on my finger .
Shit , shit , shit , shit , shit ...
Something hot weighing 400 kg is sitting on my finger .
How the fuck ...
Often used to indicate that in your opinion the designers of the machine might have done something a bit differently .
Bloody fuck Somebody will have to find a first aid kit .
Holy fucking shit This is a 440 volt circuit , and I think I 've forgotten to isolate it .
Bugger bloody fuck
You see a severed 200 cable wiring harness and reach an immediate understanding of why the equipment rack required extra force to close it .
NOTE : If the word ' Holy ' is used in conjunction with this expression , it means that all 200 wires in the harness are the same colour .
Fucking damn shit I have just picked up the wrong end of a soldering iron .
Fucking bloody damn A general phrase indicating minor irritation .
Holy bloody fuck
My tie is caught by something being driven by a 200 horsepower motor and I can't reach the power switch .
Bugger , fuck , damn
An indication of full acceptance that the final , binding quote given to the customer omitted the $ 1800 parts content of the job .
I do n't talk to dorks like you An expression that initiates many long and meaningful meetings between your management and the customer , where your manager desperately tries to persuade the customer that something you passionately believe in has never entered your head .
If you 're such a clever dick , why do n't you fix the bloody thing A phrase which precedes an unusually long period before the next salary increase .
Can be effective at getting you on a Customer Relations course .
Fuck off syphillis face A phrase used with customers upon being asked how much bloody longer you intend to be .
If you do n't like the way I 'm fucking fixing it ...
I was taught that a screwdriver also doubles as a cold chisel , a putty knife , a tyre lever , a door jam , a paint stirrer , a big nail , an emergency fuse link , something to lean under the tyre of your managers car , or a tool to wake snoozing apprentices ( when sharpened ) .
Warning : this is not safe if executed from multiple sessions at the same time ( see caveats below ) .
Another clever way to do an " UPSERT " in postgresql is to do two sequential UPDATE / INSERT statements that are each designed to succeed or have no effect .
UPDATE table SET field=' C ' , field2= 'Z ' WHERE id=3 ; INSERT INTO table ( id , field , field2 ) SELECT 3 , ' C ' , ' Z ' WHERE NOT EXISTS ( SELECT 1 FROM table WHERE id=3 ) ;
The UPDATE will succeed if a row with " id=3 " already exists , otherwise it has no effect .
The INSERT will succeed only if row with " id=3 " does not already exist .
You can combine these two into a single string and run them both with a single SQL statement execute from your application .
Running them together in a single transaction is highly recommended .
This works very well when run in isolation or on a locked table , but is subject to race conditions that mean it might still fail with duplicate key error if a row is inserted concurrently , or might terminate with no row inserted when a row is deleted concurrently .
A SERIALIZABLE transaction on PostgreSQL 9.1 or higher will handle it reliably at the cost of a very high serialization failure rate , meaning you 'll have to retry a lot .
See why is upsert so complicated , which discusses this case in more detail .
After one of their top men was arrested last weekend , gunmen from Mexico 's La Familia cartel went on a rampage , shooting up police stations and leaving 12 federal officers in a pile alongside a highway .
La Familia now says that all they really want is peace and tranquility .
On a local news program in the state of Michoacán , where the drug organization is based , a man identifying himself as a leader of La Familia explained to viewers that their attacks in the past few days have been a response to police action against their families and friends .
" What we want is peace and tranquility , " the leader , identified as Servando " La Tuta " Gomez , said .
" We want to achieve a national pact . "
" We want the president , Mr. Felipe Calderón , to know that we are not his enemies , that we value him , that we are conscientious people , " he went on .
Although the legitimacy of the call was not immediately verified , the government of President Calderón immediately reacted .
" The federal government does not ever dialogue , does not negotiate , does not reach deals with any criminal organization , " Mexican Interior Minister Fernando Gomez Mont said .
" There is no other alternative for their members but to submit to the law . "
Public confidence in Calderón slips
But that hard stance might increasingly alienate voters .
Calderón has had overwhelming support for his offensive against drug traffickers , the cornerstone of his presidency , which he launched immediately upon taking office in December 2006 and from which he has not backed down .
He has sent some 45,000 troops and federal police across the country to where traffickers operate .
But as violence has escalated across Mexico , so has public frustration .
It is one reason that political analysts say that Calderón 's National Action Party ( PAN ) lost ground to the Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) , which ruled the country for 71 years , in midterm elections earlier this month .
Many Mexicans have long speculated that the PRI may have cut deals with drug organizations – allowing them to operate with more impunity but with less violence .
Bruce Bagley , a professor of international studies at the University of Miami , says that there is a growing sense that Calderón may have taken on more than he can handle .
" In the minds of many Mexican voters , the real problem is not drug trafficking into the US , " Mr. Bagley explains , " it 's the violence . "
In a recent poll published in the daily newspaper Milenio , by the Mexico - based polling group Cabinet of Strategic Communication , more than half of Mexicans consider organized crime networks to be defeating the government .
Only 28 percent said the government is gaining ground .
Violence in Michoacán was set off over the weekend , after federal police arrested alleged La Familia deputy Arnoldo Rueda Medina .
On Saturday , gunmen burst into police stations across the state , leaving five dead .
In a later incident , 12 - off - duty officers were ambushed and left on the side of the road , in what has been characterized as the worst single execution - style murder of federal officials since Calderón took office .
La Familia 's ' code '
In the TV interview , broadcast via telephone Wednesday night , the caller said that federal police " come and fabricate guilty charges . "
In May , Calderón 's administration launched an unprecedented anticorruption sweep in the state of Michoacán , arresting local officials , including mayors , alleged to be colluding with La Familia .
The caller offered a defense of the group 's actions , saying that La Familia acts under a code of rules that target , for example , only those who are politically connected or " refuse to pay . "
He conceded : " We know our work is disliked by the public . "
The government took no sympathy .
" The criminal groups that the Mexican government is fighting are made up of criminal cowards without scruples , " Mr. Gomez Mont said , who " try to mask or justify their acts with all sorts of justifications . "
Mexico quadrupled the presence of federal police in Michoacan Thursday , according to public safety officials , sending 1,000 new officers to bolster security .
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
It happens to countless homeowners around the end of the year – you make the annual visit to your attic to collect the holiday decorations and what do you find ?
Spots and blotches covering the bottom of the roof sheathing .
Worse yet – it turns out to be attic mold !
What does energy conservation have to do with mold in the attic ?
Well if you take a step back and consider how the house behaves as a system , they are often directly related .
Building science experts have long been using the “ house as a system ” approach to diagnose the cause and origin of building defects .
For example , ice dams .
These are often caused by warm air seeping into the attic which causes the snow and ice on the roof to melt .
The water drains to the edge of the roof ( which is colder than the rest of the roof because it is an overhang and not warmed by the attic ) , freezes and creates an ice dam .
As this process is repeated daily , the ice dam grows larger .
Eventually water is forced under a shingle where it can seep into the house .
Understanding how the house behaves as a system and the various causes and effects is necessary to diagnose most building related problems .
But how about that attic mold ?
How did it get there ?
Mold requires chronic moisture to form and to thrive , so source (s ) of moisture must be present .
Possibly the moisture came from outdoors .
The roof is newer and a quick check of the roof shows no obvious damage or leaks .
Possibly the moisture came from indoors .
During the heating season , the interior of the house frequently has high moisture levels , especially bathrooms and kitchens .
A quick check shows that all bathroom fans , kitchen vents , etc. are properly ducted completely outdoors and not into the attic .
The amount of insulation looks good and the attic is well ventilated .
Do n’t give up – you are almost there !
Remember the house as a system ?
You know that warm , moist air is in the house , but how is it getting into the attic ?
By air leaks !
Air leaks are the leading source of energy loss in most houses , and a frequent source of chronic moisture that can cause attic mold .
Most homeowners are well aware of air leaks around windows and doors ( especially old ones ) , but many overlook the numerous gaps leading directly into the attic !
Have a look around the attic and you may find large gaps around recessed lights and fans , holes where wires or pipes are installed , even large gaps around the chimney .
And do n’t overlook the whole house fan and especially the folding attic stair - a big , uninsulated hole in your ceiling that is often overlooked !
These gaps can add up to a large hole that allows warm , moist air from the house to flow right into the cold attic .
The warm moist air condenses on the cold roof sheathing , creating chronically damp conditions that can lead to attic mold growth .
And the energy loss – it can be like leaving a window open all winter long !
Seal these air leaks and you stop a significant moisture source .
And just think of all the energy you can save and the cold drafts you can stop !
Mr Malde was an amateur musician and photographer A City stockbroker fell to his death from a rooftop restaurant two days after bosses investigating an IT - related matter sent him home early .
Anjool Malde , 24 , was found on the ground outside Coq d'Argent in London 's Square Mile at midday on Sunday .
He left his Deutsche Bank office early on Friday afternoon after agreeing to " help " the bank with its inquiry .
Police are continuing to investigate the death ahead of an inquest , but are not treating it as suspicious .
' An inspiration ' Mr Malde had been expected to talk to his employer on the phone on Monday - the day after he died - then return to work to help with the inquiry later that week .
A Deutsche Bank spokesman said : " We are deeply saddened by our colleague 's death , and our thoughts are with his family and loved ones at this time . "
The Oxford University graduate , who had not been suspended , was a former BBC radio presenter and co-founder of events company AlphaParties .
A truly great individual and friend with an ambition and passion for life
Facebook tribute A City of London police spokesman said : " Police have identified the man who fell to his death on Poultry on Sunday as Anjool Malde .
Police continue to investigate the incident however it is not being treated as a suspicious death . "
Mr Malde was said to be a big Michael Jackson fan , who was very upset by the US singer 's death .
He was also an amateur musician ( keyboard , guitar , drums and vocals ) , video producer and photographer based in central London and Marbella in Spain , according to his profile on the online people directory bigsight .
Friends and colleagues have paid tribute to Mr Malde on a special page on the social networking site Facebook .
One said : " Devastated that we have lost such a talented person .
My thoughts and prayers are with your family .
" You were truly the entrepreneurial legend .
You are going to be greatly missed but all those memories will be cherished forever , may you rest in peace Jools . "
Another friend wrote : " A truly great individual and friend with an ambition and passion for life that I have failed to see in anyone else I have met .
An inspiration to all those you encountered . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Valentino Balboni has been a Lamborghini test driver for over 40 years , putting his blood , sweat and tears into evaluating , tweaking and reworking a great number of different models and prototypes .
He started out in testing the Lamborghini Miura and was hired by Ferruccio Lamborghini himself .
Balboni contends that there probably is n’t another human alive who has put more miles in a Lamborghini than him .
Now , this quiet behind the scenes worker is getting a special edition car named after him .
The Lamborghini Gallardo 550 - 2 Valentino Balboni will feature a unique performance setup , a racing stripe running the length of the car and some new interior appointments .
Featuring a 5.2 - liter V10 engine capable of 550 hp , this rear - wheel drive exotic will perform the 0 - 62 mph sprint in just under 4 seconds with a top speed of 199 mph .
The folks at Lamborghini have tuned the car in every conceivable way including setting the limited slip differential at 45 % at the rear axle along with providing new springs , dampers , stabilisers and tires .
Limited to just 250 examples , the Lamborghini Gallardo 550 - 2 Valentino Balboni will be available with a variety of customization options .
There are 8 exterior colors to choose from along with a choice of black , yellow or orange brake calipers .
Included standard is a rear - view camera , nav system , Bluetooth integration and a transparent engine cover .
Carbon - ceramic brakes and the company ’s e-gear transmission are both available upon request .
Each special edition gets a unique serial number and Balboni ’s signature inscribed on the left window .
Order yours today starting at just $ 219,800 .
Source : Lamborghini
When I arrived in China late last month , the hazmat - suited public officials who met my plane had the same question for each passenger : “ Have you had contact with pigs ? ”
The officials took our temperatures , and then we were free to pass through customs and go on our way .
As a physician who had come to Shanghai to lecture at a Chinese medical school , I found it interesting to witness firsthand China ’s public health response to the H1N1 virus .
The process seemed like overkill , and it had debatable public health benefits , but it did n’t inconvenience me terribly .
Or so I thought at the time .
The next evening , I returned from dinner to find two white - coated public health workers waiting for me in the lobby of my hotel .
Apparently , a passenger three rows in front and five seats across from me on the flight had tested positive for H1N1 .
I was given 30 minutes to pack my belongings .
When I returned with my bags , I noticed that the hotel staff stood in the corner of the suddenly cleared lobby wearing surgical masks .
“ I have no symptoms whatsoever , ” I tried to explain , but the siren of the ambulance that sped to the front of the hotel drowned out my protestations .
The back door opened to reveal three fellow American passengers from my flight .
I climbed in , and we drove two hours in darkness .
At 3 a.m. , we arrived at a rural motel complex .
Each of us was assigned to a single room and handed a letter .
“ Ladies and Gentlemen , I hope you have had a good trip to China , ” it read without a hint of irony .
“ In order to combat H1N1 you will stay at the Fengxian Medical Observation and execution institution for these special days .
Stay at your observation room , no come out of your room .
This temporary separation is for your family and friends ’ happiness and health .
You will find quality services here .
Have a nice time at this special moment . ”
Advertisement
The Chinese media have reported that travelers placed in quarantine are being held at five - star hotels , but if this is true , then the star system is in need of revision .
Imagine a Motel 6 next to a chicken farm in the middle of a field .
Then imagine that it had been left abandoned for a year before receiving a quick cleaning and sanitizing and a lot of new security features .
The rugs in my room were frayed , and wallpaper peeled from the walls .
Mosquitoes abounded .
Each room boasted a door alarm that sounded upon opening , and a metal containment fence and police sentries ringed the complex .
I was told that 10 ambulances worked through the night to bring in people from my flight .
On my wing of the complex , there were three businessmen , a photographer and her two children , an engineer , a banker and many others .
In the days that followed , we were joined by people from other flights .
We could n’t leave our rooms , so we passed much of the time standing in our doorways , talking across the empty corridors about the mice , the heat , the food , the missed opportunities , and especially the isolation .
After several days , our frustrations erupted in a series of impromptu rebellions .
We attempted to march en masse to the guard station to present our demands : hallway aerobics classes , dinner delivered from a Shanghai steakhouse , better conditions .
Each time , the guards eventually coaxed us back into our rooms , and little changed .
Twice daily , three - person medical teams , draped from head to toe in infection - control gowns , caps , goggles , gloves , shoe covers and face masks , visited us to check for fever .
Not one of us was ever sick or symptomatic .
Advertisement
After seven days , we were told once again to pack our things .
Quarantine - clad observers ushered our haggard group outside and handed each of us a final letter as we waited for chartered buses .
“ In order to protect public health and keep H1N1 flu from spreading , ” it read , “ we have kept you here for 5 - day medical observation . ”
So is China ’s aggressive approach , which has quarantined thousands of Americans and others , the proper way to protect its population from the new flu ?
No .
Pandemics are serious matters , and quarantines have proved effective in combating the world ’s most serious contagions , from SARS in the 21st century to the influenza pandemic of 1918 .
It ’s understandable that China , which was hit very hard by SARS , would be particularly wary of a new epidemic .
But the kind of confinement I experienced flies in the face of established notions of international public health .
Quarantine is expensive , and public health needs are many .
Most other countries have moved away from quarantine as a means of combating H1N1 , in large part because while the virus may yet mutate into a killer infection , it is not considered deadly at present .
The U.S. government recently issued a travel advisory warning travelers about the Chinese government ’s H1N1 containment efforts , saying there have been reports of “ unsuitable quarantine conditions . ”
The internment may have kept us away from Chinese citizens , but it left us vulnerable to getting sick from our quarantine conditions .
We were psychologically isolated and disoriented .
Advertisement
China ’s quarantine policy also has an unpleasant whiff of xenophobia .
Chinese passengers were allowed to stay in their homes during the quarantine period instead of being confined to the high - security quarters the rest of us shared .
The set - up promoted the narrative that H1N1 was being spread by “ foreigners . ”
Quarantined businessmen told me they ’d had contracts canceled by their Chinese colleagues , and my Shanghai hotel informed me that my room rate would be triple what it had been if I wished to return .
Many countries -- the U.S. included -- have tended to see viral illness as coming from “ outside , ” only to learn that pandemics show little respect for national borders in a globalized world .
Chinese health authorities need to wake up to this lesson and develop China ’s ongoing H1N1 response in concert with , rather than in rejection of , international norms .
Want to put solar panels on the house ?
Start saving … solar power is a great investment , but it is an investment … often a hefty one .
If you ’d like to get started with something a little less ambitious ( but more affordable ) , you ’ll find a number of good sources out there for a whole range of solar DIY projects .
Voltaic , best known for its solar backpack , has joined more well - known sites such as Gary Reysa ‘s Build It Solar and Mother Earth News with its own collection of do - it - yourself projects .
So far , the collection is small … but there are already some really cool projects available :
[ social_buttons ]
Want to charge your phone while you ’re on your bike ?
Check out the solar bike panniers .
Check out the solar bike panniers .
How about keeping your garden watered ?
Luke Iseman ’s Garduino monitors soil moisture , and waters when needed .
Luke Iseman ’s Garduino monitors soil moisture , and waters when needed .
Need wireless access ?
Build your own mobile solar hotspot .
Not only is does this look like a promising source of DIY projects , but it ’s also a smart move by Voltaic : you can buy many of the parts you ’ll need for projects through their site .
Projects include prices of parts , so you ’ll have a good idea of the cost upfront …
They ’ll definitely need more projects available to compete with some of the bigger sites in this space , but they ’re already off to a good start .
What do you think , do - it - yourselfers ?
Know of other good sites for solar diy ?
Share ’em below …
Image credit : Voltaic
Need to find cheap solar panels ?
Our friends at Cleantechnica can help …
Enlarge By Tim Sloan , AFP / Getty Images Hillary Rodham Clinton says she 's content as Obama 's secretary of State , but if the good reviews of her in that role continue , talk of another run for president will be inevitable .
CLINTON ON ... CLINTON ON ... President Obama
" It 's been a pleasure to work with him .
I feel very much in the center " of devising policies .
Middle East peace " Israel undertook certain obligations ... which have not been fulfilled .
The Palestinians undertook some obligations which need to be fulfilled .
When people enter into agreements , they should be held accountable . "
Her comments before Pakistan launched a military offensive that Pakistan had " abdicated " to the Taliban " What I said ... helped to galvanize public opinion in Pakistan and began to give courage to some of the elected officials . "
Reported by Ken Dilanian Enlarge By Sascha Schuermann , AFP , Getty Images Hillary Rodham Clinton and President Obama , at a NATO summit in France in April , appear to have developed a good working relationship .
" We spend a lot of time talking , " Clinton says .
SAN PEDRO SULA , Honduras  Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton won a small diplomatic victory here recently .
Few Americans are likely to have heard about it .
The issue was Cuba , and the details were arcane .
Clinton and her team , in negotiations on the sidelines of the Organization of American States assembly , persuaded 33 other governments not to allow Cuba back into the OAS without a process that respects the group 's charter language on democracy .
It was n't easy .
Most of the assembly , frustrated with the USA 's desire to isolate Cuba , wanted to lift the 1962 suspension without conditions .
Ted Piccone , a Latin America expert at the Brookings Institution , called it " a great win for the State Department . "
Clinton was n't around to mark the occasion , however .
She left before the deal was reached for Cairo , where she sat in the audience applauding President Obama 's address to the Muslim world .
Media coverage of that speech eclipsed the few news accounts about Clinton 's efforts in Latin America .
If that sort of dynamic bothers Clinton , she has n't let it show .
A year after conceding the Democratic nomination to Obama , and four months after becoming his secretary of State , the former first lady and New York senator has settled into her next act : a supporting role as the top diplomat for a president who is his own global ambassador .
" I feel very much in the center of helping to devise the policies , carry out the policies , pick the people who will implement the policies , " Clinton tells USA TODAY during an interview in El Salvador .
" I see the president every week .
We spend a lot of time talking . "
Clinton says she had no inkling Obama would ask her to be secretary of State .
She resisted , " but the president is very persuasive . "
The decision was " a difficult transition in some respects , because I never even dreamed of it . "
She took the job in challenging times , to say the least : Among her tasks is to stop Iran 's nuclear program , curb Pakistan 's Islamic insurgency , preserve post - war Iraq as U.S. troops leave there , and help new U.S. forces in Afghanistan with civilian projects .
Clinton also has to deal with an unpredictable , nuclear - armed regime in North Korea , which sentenced two U.S. journalists to 12 years hard labor this week and continued saber - rattling in the face of new U.N. sanctions .
How Clinton and the Obama administration will fare in dealing with those thorny problems is unclear .
But so far , even Republicans give Clinton high marks for tackling management challenges at the State Department , using her political skills to boost the USA 's image abroad and avoiding signs of tension between her circle and the White House .
The " team of rivals " story line , much discussed when Clinton was first appointed , has n't played out .
In Washington , Clinton has been " one of the less visible secretaries of State in recent history , " says Jennifer Laszlo Mizrahi of the Israel Project , a pro-Israel advocacy group .
Obama has been his own foreign policy spokesman , sometimes with Clinton standing quietly behind him .
Some days , one of the many special envoys gets more attention than she does .
Clinton made her first Sunday morning news show appearance as secretary of State just a week ago .
Do n't be fooled by appearances , Vice President Biden says : Clinton is making a difference behind the scenes .
" I think ( the president ) listens to her as much or more than anybody , " Biden tells USA TODAY .
" She 's the main player ... the one he looks to give the last wind - up pitch about what should be done . "
Biden says Clinton 's view prevailed over his own during a policy debate about sending additional troops to Afghanistan .
Biden declined to go into details , but Rep. Mark Kirk , R - Ill. , a Naval Reserve officer with contacts at the State Department and Pentagon , says Biden opposed sending 21,000 additional troops and Clinton favored it .
" It turned into Biden vs. Hillary , and she crushed him , " Kirk says .
Biden calls that an exaggeration and says their differences were small .
" It is true that Hillary was very forceful , I had some disagreement in degree with her ... and the president ended up landing on a spot that was where she was . "
Kirk , who is on the subcommittee that oversees the State Department , calls Clinton " the superstar of the Cabinet .
Everything she touches is well run . "
Grunt work and budgets
Much as she did in 2001 , when she first entered the U.S. Senate and was establishing herself in that position , Clinton is spending part of her time on what amounts to grunt work .
Though traveling frequently , she 's also focused on securing a big budget increase to hire more diplomats and pushing to overhaul the way the USA distributes foreign aid , a subject full of pitfalls .
" The fact she is not in the headlines every day not only does n't seem to be bothering her .
She looks maybe the happiest she 's seemed in her entire career , " says Kristen Lord , a fellow at the Center for a New American Security , a Washington think tank with ties to the Obama administration .
During her Senate confirmation hearings , Clinton promised to harness what foreign policy wonks call " smart power " — U.S. economic and cultural influence — to make diplomacy " the vanguard of our foreign policy . "
She assembled a senior team at State that is a mix of political aides and career diplomats .
Her chief of staff is Cheryl Mills , a longtime confidante who defended President Clinton during his impeachment trial .
She kept Russia specialist Bill Burns as undersecretary for political affairs .
With the help of Jack Lew , a one - time budget director under President Bill Clinton whom she brought on as deputy secretary for management , Clinton got the administration to seek a 10 % increase in the foreign affairs budget , enough to boost aid and hire thousands more diplomats .
That could end up being her biggest legacy , Lord and others say .
It 's also made Clinton very popular among State 's 57,000 employees , says John Naland , head of the union for diplomats .
Despite their differences in the primary , Clinton has n't hesitated to adopt the positions of her boss .
When a Republican congressman reminded her during an April hearing that she had criticized Obama for pledging to meet with rogue leaders — the context was Obama shaking hands with Venezuela president Hugo Chavez — she replied , " President Obama won the election .
He beat me in a primary in which he put forth a different approach . "
The big picture Clinton says it was her idea to appoint special envoys for Afghanistan and Pakistan , the Middle East peace process , Iran and North Korea .
They did n't have to be confirmed by the Senate , so they could get to work immediately .
The envoys free Clinton to focus on the big picture — and also on different parts of the world .
" She does n't feel in any way squeezed or threatened by them , " says Strobe Talbott , president of the Brookings Institution and a Clinton friend .
" She understands that these are monster problems , and while she has not shied away from being involved in them , it 's just plain smart for her not to role up her sleeves and do the week - in , week - out work that 's required there . "
Says Biden : " It 's clear to everybody that the envoys work for her . "
With the envoys in the hottest spots , Clinton has focused some of her travel in overlooked areas such as Latin American and East Asia .
On those trips , she has set a new tone .
She often acknowledges what she sees as past mistakes by the United States — to the delight of her audience .
And she 's booked a series of campaign - style public appearances that she calls " people - to - people " diplomacy , an effort to shore up the flagging U.S. image .
On her first trip to Asia , for example , she held town hall meetings with students in Tokyo and Seoul and appeared on a popular Indonesian teen television show called " Awesome . "
" There is a hunger for the United States to be present again , " Clinton told reporters during the trip .
" Showing up is not all of life — but it counts for a lot . "
Fixing foreign aid After spending eight years as a senator , Clinton has been unusually blunt for a diplomat .
She made headlines in April when she said Pakistan had " abdicated " to the Taliban ( she now praises the government 's military assault on the radical group ) , drawing criticism from the Pakistani author Ahmed Rashid , who wrote that her remark " provoked increasing anti-Americanism in the Pakistani army and public . "
Clinton says her comment , designed to send a message , spurred Pakistan to action .
Clinton has also spoken frankly about what Talbott and others say could become a major focus of her tenure :
Her desire to overhaul the uncoordinated and often ineffective American foreign assistance programs , many of which are delivered through private contractors .
During the campaign , Obama promised to double foreign aid to $ 50 billion a year by 2012 .
But Clinton acknowledges that the main aid agency , the U.S. Agency for International Development ( USAID ) — which she oversees — is straining to manage the huge contracts it administers .
On her plane to Europe in March , she told reporters that aid programs in Afghanistan spent billions with little to show for it .
Among her entourage on the aircraft were two top USAID officials who had worked as Afghanistan country directors during the Bush administration .
" We have to hold ourselves accountable .
We owe it to the American taxpayer , " Clinton tells USA TODAY .
" We can't go to people who have lost their job at GM and say , ' Oh , by the way , we are going to pay money to build a road here or inoculate children there , ' unless we can demonstrate that it is in America 's interest .
I happen to think it is .
...
But we 've got to make sure that it is delivered effectively and that we can justify it . "
She adds : " I want to rebuild USAID .
I want to see it become again the premier aid agency in the world . "
If the good reviews continue , there will be inevitable speculation about another run for the White House .
Clinton would be 69 in 2016 — three years younger than John McCain was last year .
" I would be real surprised if she ever ran again , " political analyst Charlie Cook says .
" I think that when she took this job , she chose to go a different course .
This scratches a different itch . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
How To Microwave Eggs
Some of the following information is from the The American Egg Board website .
For successful cooking of eggs in your microwave , keep these following points in mind :
Microwave Eggs cooked in their shells will explode !
Even out of the shell , eggs can and may explode in the microwave because rapid heating causes a buildup of steam .
Always use a wooden pick or tip of a knife to break the yolk membrane of an unbeaten egg before micro-cooking to allow the steam to escape .
Covering cooking containers with a lid , plastic wrap , or wax paper encourages more even cooking and ( if you forgot to prick the yolks ) helps to confine the explosion !
Microwave Fried Eggs :
Break and slip one ( 1 ) egg into each of two lightly - greased 10 - ounce custard cups or a pie plate .
Gently prick yolks with tip of knife or wooden pick .
Cover with plastic wrap .
Cook on 50 % power just until eggs are almost desired doneness , about 2 to 3 minutes .
Let stand , covered until whites are completely set and yolks begin to thicken but are not hard .
Microwave Hard - Cooked ( Boiled ) Eggs :
Separate yolks and whites of eggs into two ( 2 ) lightly - greased liquid measures or small bowls .
Stir yolks with fork .
Cover each container with plastic wrap .
Cook separately on 50 % or 30 % power , stirring once or twice , allowing about 20 to 30 seconds per yolk , about 30 seconds to 1 minute per white .
Remove when slightly underdone .
Let stand , covered , about 2 minutes .
Cool long enough to handle comfortably , then chop or chill until ready to chop .
Microwave Poached Eggs :
Pour 1/3 cup water into 10 - ounce custard cup or small deep bowl .
Break and slip in two eggs .
Gently prick yolks with tip of knife or wooden pick .
Cover with plastic wrap .
Cook on full power about 1 1/2 to 2 minutes .
If necessary , let stand , covered , until whites are completely set and yolks begin to thicken but are not hard , about 1 to 2 minutes .
Pour off water to serve in custard cup or lift out with slotted spoon .
NOTE : For 4 eggs , use 2/3 cup water in 1 - quart bowl or baking dish .
Cook 1 1/2 to 3 minutes and let stand as above .
Microwave Scrambled Eggs :
In a 10 - ounce custard cup , beat together 2 eggs , and 2 tablespoons milk with salt and pepper to taste , if desired , until blended .
Cook on full power , stirring once or twice , until almost set , about 1 to 1 1/2 minutes .
Stir .
If necessary , cover with plastic wrap and let stand until eggs are thickened and no visible liquid egg remains , about 1 minute .
NOTE : All microwave cooking times are based on a full power output of 600 to 700 watts .
For a lower wattage oven , allow more time .
1 egg : 30 to 45 seconds
2 eggs : 1 to 1 - 1/2 minutes
4 eggs : 2 - 1/2 to 3 minutes
6 eggs : 3 - 1/2 to 4-1/2 minutes
8 eggs : 4 - 1/2 to 5 - 1/2 minutes
Canwest Global Communications Corp. reported today ( July 10 ) that its publishing revenues are down $ 138 million in the first nine months of this fiscal year .
The parent company , which includes the broadcasting assets , lost $ 109.6 million in the most recent quarter , which ended May 31 .
Over nine months , it has lost $ 1.58 billion including a $ 1.2 - billion writedown earlier this year .
Canwest owns 13 daily newspapers , including the Vancouver Sun , Province , and National Post .
It also owns 26 community papers including the Vancouver Courier , North Shore News , Richmond News , Royal City Record , Delta Optimist , and Now papers .
Canwest acknowledged in its news release that Canwest Limited Partnership , which is the corporate name of the publishing arm , is “ in default under the terms of its senior credit facilities ” .
Publishing advertising was off 18 percent , but that was slightly offset by an increase in circulation revenue over the nine - month period .
Employment advertising was down 60 percent in the third quarter compared to the same period a year ago , whereas real estate advertising was off 47 percent , and automobile advertising declined 21 percent .
In the March 1 to May 31 period , Canwest circulation volume fell seven percent over the same period a year ago , according to the company ’s management discussion and analysis document , which was released today .
Canwest reported that circulation was approximately 23 percent of publishing revenue from March 1 to May 31 .
That ’s up from 19 percent of publishing revenue during the same three months of 2008 .
Canwest recently announced a $ 1 monthly increase in home - delivery fees to the Province and Vancouver Sun , effective August 1 .
Add the Harmonic Table
This intuitive layout requires your ears and some patience , but no long explanation .
Nearby harmonies & consistent pattens
Easy patterns make the interface perfect for composing and for creating additional overdubs and parts .
Used by professionals , its not because they can't play piano .
It 's because the Harmonic Table layout helps creativity .
Two handed tapping
AXiS instruments are velocity sensitive .
Less travel and duplicate keys make it easy to put down drums and good for percussive overdubs .
Easy to Learn AXiS instruments easily become an extension of your musical thought .
You 'll get some instant results , but as with your DAW it gets easier to do more with regular use .
There 's less effort for more results .
Easy to Use We like Plug and Play , because PLAY is what we like to do .
The AXiS - 49 pictured here is a class - compliant USB device .
No need for special drivers or software .
Guaranteed Fun
It 's hard to prove it to you without a hands - on demo . , but we 're 100 % convinced that you 'll find an AXiS invaluable and fun which is why we can say :
We know you 'll love it and wo n't want to give it back .
" What - no wheels ! " ... yes , you may want a top quality fully featured harmonic table MIDI controller .
" One does n't ally with worms against a krayt dragon . "
― Deathstick and a smuggler [ src ]
Krayt dragons were large , carnivorous reptiles that hailed from Tatooine , a desert planet in the galaxy 's Outer Rim Territories .
They came in two subspecies and , despite their fierceness , were hunted for the precious pearls found in their bodies .
Contents show ]
Biology and appearance Edit
Krayt dragons were giant carnivorous reptiles that came in two subspecies : the smaller and more common canyon krayt , and the larger greater krayt .
[ 1]
Due to their large size and ferocity , they were the apex predators of Tatooine . [ 4 ]
Their bodies produced krayt venom , which helped the dragons as an acid in pre-digestion of their food . [ 5 ]
Behavior Edit
Hungry krayt dragons posed a serious threat to the diminutive Jawas , [ 6 ] and their cry was enough to ward off the fierce sand nomads known as the Tusken Raiders . [ 7 ]
History Edit
" Of course .
I 've been to Tatooine , actually , and bagged a krayt dragon there .
Its pearls paid for the upgrades on the Jewel . " ― Nakari Kelen [ src ]
Krayt dragons were commonly known for their pearls , bodily concentrations that were considered to be highly valuable . [ 8 ]
At the time of the Invasion of Naboo , one krayt dragon had taken up residence in the Laguna Caves on Tatooine , in which rescue teams for the Boonta Eve Classic did not dare to go . [ 6 ]
Around 34 ABY , the toy maker Zabaka manufactured small toy replicas of krayt dragon skeletons for children on the planet Batuu 's Black Spire Outpost . [ 9 ]
Behind the scenes Edit
Although a krayt dragon 's skeleton appeared in the 1977 movie Star Wars : Episode IV A New Hope , [ 7 ] living specimens made their first appearance in Star Wars : Galactic Battlegrounds , which was released in 2001 in the previous continuity .
Krayt would make their first appearance in Disney 's canon in Disney Interactive 's mobile strategy game Star Wars : Commander , which was released on August 21 , 2014 for iOS devices .
In celebration of the game 's second anniversary , players were awarded five krayt dragon gift units , along with five Droideka Oppressors and five Droideka Sentinels . [ 4 ]
Appearances Edit
Non-canon appearances Edit
Sources Edit
Notes and references Edit
I 've been transcoding a lot of Haskell to Scheme lately and one of the things that I found myself needing was a macro for dealing with Currying of functions in a way that handles partial and over - application cleanly .
I found a very elegant macro by Piet Delport that handles partial application , but that does n't deal with the partial application of no arguments or that I 'd like to also be able to say things like the following and have the extra arguments be passed along to the result .
( define - curried ( id x ) x ) ( id + 1 2 3 ) ;;=> 6
This of course , becomes more useful for more complicated definitions .
( define - curried ( compose f g x ) ( f ( g x ) ) ) ( define - curried ( const a _ ) a )
While I could manually associate the parentheses to the left and nest lambdas everywhere , Haskell code is rife with these sorts of applications .
In the spirit of Scheme , since I could n't find a macro on the internet that did what I want , I tried my hand at rolling my own .
; ; curried lambda ( define - syntax curried ( syntax - rules ( ) ( ( _ ( ) body ) ( lambda args ( if ( null ?
args ) body ( apply body args ) ) ) ) ( ( _ ( arg ) body ) ( letrec ( ( partial - application ( lambda args ( if ( null ?
args ) partial - application ( let ( ( arg ( car args ) ) ( rest ( cdr args ) ) ) ( if ( null ?
rest ) body ( apply body rest ) ) ) ) ) ) ) partial - application ) ) ( ( _ ( arg args ... ) body ) ( letrec ( ( partial - application ( lambda all - args ( if ( null ?
all - args ) partial - application ( let ( ( arg ( car all - args ) ) ( rest ( cdr all - args ) ) ) ( let ( ( next ( curried ( args ... ) body ) ) ) ( if ( null ?
rest ) next ( apply next rest ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) partial - application ) ) ) ) ;; curried defines ( define - syntax define - curried ( syntax - rules ( ) ( ( define - curried ( name args ... ) body ) ( define name ( curried ( args ... ) body ) ) ) ( ( define - curried ( name ) body ) ( define name ( curried ( ) body ) ) ) ( ( define - curried name body ) ( define name body ) ) ) )
While Scheme is not my usual programming language , I love the power of hygienic macros .
I welcome feedback .
[ Edit : updated to change the base case for define - curried and added the if to the base case of curried to be more consistent with the other cases per the second comment below ]
More than two million people living on the banks of Lake Kivu in central Africa are at risk of being asphyxiated by gases building up beneath its surface , scientists have warned .
It is estimated that the lake , which straddles the borders of the Democratic Republic of Congo and Rwanda , now contains 300 cubic kilometres of carbon dioxide and 60 cubic kilometres of methane that have bubbled into the Kivu from volcanic vents .
The gases are trapped in layers 80 metres below the lake 's surface by the intense water pressures there .
However , researchers have warned that geological or volcanic events could disturb these waters and release the gases .
The impact would be devastating , as was demonstrated on 21 August 1986 at Lake Nyos in Cameroon , in West Africa .
Its waters were saturated with carbon dioxide and a major disturbance - most probably a landslide - caused a huge cloud of carbon dioxide to bubble up from its depths and to pour down the valleys that lead from the crater lake .
Carbon dioxide is denser than air , so that the 50 mph cloud hugged the ground and smothered everything in its path .
Some 1,700 people were suffocated .
" The lake was essentially like a bottle of beer that had been shaken up , " said Professor George Kling , of the department of ecology and evolutionary biology at Michigan University .
" When you opened it , carbon dioxide bubbled up , and the beer frothed over .
A glassful is OK .
A lakeful is deadly . "
Kling has since turned his attention to Lake Kivu , which is more than 3,000 times the size of Nyos and contains more than 350 times as much gas .
More worrying is the fact that the shores of Kivu are much more heavily populated .
About two million people live there , including the 250,000 citizens of the city of Goma .
Mount Nyiragongo , near Goma , erupted in 2002 and lava streamed from it into Lake Kivu for several days .
On this occasion there was no disturbance of the lake 's deep layers of gas and no deadly outpouring of carbon dioxide or methane .
However , Kling has warned - in the journal Nature this month - that in the event of another eruption the region may not be so lucky again .
Indeed , the impact would dwarf the disaster that struck Nyos .
" Kivu is basically the nasty big brother of Nyos , " Kling told Nature .
The source of Kivu 's problems stems from carbon dioxide that has bubbled up through the lake bed from molten rocks below .
The region - in Africa 's Great Rift Valley - is a centre of volcanic activity .
In addition , some of this carbon dioxide has been converted by bacteria in the lake into methane .
Hence the accumulation of both gases .
According to studies by researchers at the Swiss Federal Institute of Aquatic Science and Technology , there was a 10 % rise in carbon dioxide concentration , and a 15 - 20 % increase in methane concentration in Kivu between 1974 and 2004 .
At the same time , plankton fossils on the lake 's bed have revealed several massive bouts of biological extinctions in Kivu over thousands of years .
However , it is impossible to say if a new one is imminent , researchers told Nature .
At the same time , engineers are trying to tap Kivu 's rich supplies of methane - by lowering pipes from floating platforms down to its holding layers and siphoning off the gas .
This could then be burnt and used as a source of industrial and domestic energy .
Several projects have been established , though only one is currently generating electricity - albeit sporadically - for the Rwandan grid .
Another platform sank last year shortly before it was scheduled to begin production .
Tapping Kivu's methane could , theoretically , reduce the risk of a deadly eruption , say engineers .
However , scientists have also warned that tampering with the lake 's gases also carries a risk of triggering a disaster .
During an All - Star Weekend when history is made and honored , Ichiro Suzuki paid respects to a man whose achievements are linked with his own .
Ichiro , in St. Louis for his ninth All - Star Game , visited the grave of St. Louis Browns star George Sisler , whose single - season record of 257 hits was broken by the Mariners outfielder in October 2004 .
Sisler 's descendants -- including Sisler 's 81 - year - old daughter , Frances
Sisler Drochelman -- had traveled to Seattle to witness Ichiro break the record that was set in 1920 , and last weekend , Ichiro returned the gesture .
" I wanted to do that for a grand upperclassman of the baseball world , " Ichiro told MLB.com .
" I think it 's only natural for someone to want to do that , to express my feelings in that way . "
Ichiro , accompanied by his wife , Yumiko , and some friends , laid flowers at Sisler 's grave , at Des Peres Presbyterian Church Cemetery .
Sisler , a Hall of Famer , died on March 26 , 1973 .
His career was marked by a lifetime .340 batting average , and a .407 average in 1920 .
He was inducted into the Hall of Fame in 1939 .
" There 's not many chances to come to St. Louis , " Ichiro said , according to the Seattle Times .
" In 2004 , it was the first time I crossed paths with him , and his family generously came all the way to Seattle . "
Another All - Star Game might be old hat to Ichiro , who was the MVP of the 2007 game and has won a Gold Glove in each season since entering the major leagues out of Japan in 2001 .
But this time , Ichiro got to meet President Barack Obama , who threw out the first pitch .
Obama , visiting the clubhouses , stopped and signed a ball for Ichiro , who gave a slight bow upon meeting the President and appeared as giddy and excited as a kid .
" My idea , when I saw him , was to say , ' What 's up ? ' to him , " Ichiro said .
" But I got nervous .
You know , he has that kind of aura about him .
So I got nervous and I did n't say that to him .
I was a little disappointed about that .
" But I realized after seeing him today that presidents wear jeans , too .
So my hope is that our skipper , [ Don ] Wakamatsu , was watching that and we can wear jeans on our flights , as well . "
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
Nuestro material , va dirigido a todas aquellas personas que lo necesiten , como nuestros mayores , que son los más vulnerables en estos momentos , las que trabajan diariamente sin protección …
El espíritu de esta plataforma nos es otro que la de sumar fuerzas , aportando cada uno su granito de arena , ¡entre tod@s conseguiremos salir de esto !
Fermilab ’s NOvA experiment is helping scientists determine the role that ghostly particles called neutrinos played in the evolution of the cosmos .
The NOvA ( NuMI Off - axis ν e Appearance ) experiment is shedding light on one of nature ’s most elusive particles : neutrinos .
Since the late 1990s , physicists have known that neutrinos exhibit a quantum mechanical behavior called oscillations .
But this behavior is not predicted by the Standard Model of particle physics .
NOvA is working to better understand these strange particles through precision measurements of their oscillation properties .
The NOvA co-spokespersons are Peter Shanahan ( Fermilab ) and Patricia Vahle ( William & Mary ) .
The international collaboration is made up of more than 240 scientists and engineers from 51 institutions in seven countries .
PRINCETON , NJ -- Baby boomers ' self - reported average daily spending of $ 64 in 2009 is down sharply from an average of $ 98 in 2008 .
But baby boomers -- the largest generational group of Americans -- are not alone in pulling back on their consumption , as all generations show significant declines from last year .
Generation X has reported the greatest spending on average in both years , and is averaging $ 71 per day so far in 2009 , down from $ 110 in 2008 .
According to Gallup 's estimates , 36 % of U.S. adults are part of the baby boom generation ( born between 1946 and 1964 ) , making it easily the largest of the five most commonly defined generations .
At 24 % , Generation X is the next largest .
With baby boomers constituting the largest bloc of U.S. consumers , their spending habits have a proportionately greater effect on the economy , given that consumer spending accounts for about two - thirds of the total gross domestic product .
Some experts attribute the sustained economic growth of the 1980s and 1990s to the fact that baby boomers reached their peak earning ( and spending ) years during this time .
As they now near retirement age , the concern is that baby boomers will pull back on spending to make up for the losses suffered in their retirement savings over the past year , hindering an economic recovery .
Data from Gallup 's Daily tracking survey -- which asks U.S. consumers to report how much they spent " yesterday , " excluding normal household bills and major purchases such as homes and cars -- suggest boomers have already pulled back significantly this year from their reported average spending levels in 2008 ( the Gallup Daily survey began in 2008 , so data from prior years are not available ) .
But the fact that all American generations seem to be pulling back sharply on spending -- even as optimism about the future of the U.S. economy has increased -- does not bode well for a strong economic recovery in the near term .
While baby boomers ' sheer numbers make their influence on the national economy greater than that of any other generation , their average reported spending is actually lower than that of Generation X .
In 2009 , average reported daily spending among Gen X'ers is $ 71 , while it is $ 64 among baby boomers .
Last year , the figures were $ 110 and $ 98 , respectively .
Higher spending among Generation X is not a function of greater income , as the two groups have similar income distributions .
The most likely reason for the difference is that 71 % of Gen X'ers have children under 18 , according to Gallup estimates .
Gallup has found the presence of young children in the household to be a major predictor of reported spending ( in 2008 and 2009 , the difference in reported average spending between parents with children under age 18 and non-parents was about $ 20 ) .
By comparison , only about one in four baby boomers have children under age 18 .
Also notable in the data is the fact that reported spending by Millennials thus far in 2009 ( $ 61 ) is roughly on par with that of baby boomers ( $ 64 ) .
This is the case even though Millennials ' reported income is quite a bit lower on average than baby boomers ' .
Bottom Line
Baby boomers have pulled back considerably on their spending this year , but they are not alone in doing so .
Gallup finds significant declines among all generations in average reported daily spending in 2009 compared to 2008 .
Given that consumer spending is the primary engine of the U.S. economy , it 's not clear how much the economy can grow unless spending increases from its current low levels .
But spending may not necessarily be the best course of action for baby boomers as they approach retirement age and prepare to rely on Social Security and their retirement savings as primary sources of income .
Indeed , the two generations consisting largely of retirement - age Americans consistently show the lowest levels of reported spending .
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews with more than 260,000 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted January 2008 - June 2009 , as part of Gallup Daily tracking .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±1 percentage point .
For 2009 data , each generation consists of no fewer than 4,000 interviews .
For 2008 data , each generation consists of no fewer than 10,000 interviews .
The margin of error for each generation in 2008 and 2009 is ±1 percentage point .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
Generations were computed as follows : Gallup subtracted respondents ' reported age in the survey from the year the survey was conducted ( either 2008 or 2009 ) .
The resulting difference gives an estimated birth year ( which could be off by one if the respondent 's birthday came after the date of interview ) .
Using this estimated birth year , respondents were assigned to generations as follows : Greatest Generation ( born before 1930 ) , Silent Generation ( born 1930 - 1945 ) , baby boomer ( born 1946 - 1964 ) , Generation X ( born 1965 - 1979 ) , and Millennials ( born 1980 - 1991 ) .
Tis logical ; the needs of the pony , outweigh the needs of the few .
I have been , and always shall be ... your friend ; live long and TROT - sper
I 've been working in IT for close to 20 years , and the average experience of my team 's members is 15 years .
So with over a quarter of a century 's worth of combined experience , you would think business managers would trust our decisions , or at least take our input into account .
Unfortunately , the reality is that sometimes we get ignored .
Our IT department is in the United States and supports all our remote sites .
Each site is overseen by a manager , and we are required to get the manager 's approval before we implement any major changes .
Usually , the managers listen to us and voice any concerns , then we make the changes together .
[ Want to cash in on your IT experiences ?
Send your story to offtherecord@infoworld.com .
If we publish it , we 'll send you a $ 50 American Express gift cheque . ]
However , one of the managers continually fights us .
For example , we have a remote site in EMEA with an aging infrastructure .
The file server is more than 7 years old , the domain controller is 8 years old , and both are out of maintenance .
Here 's why .
About three years ago , our IT team proposed using a caching appliance that would allow us to keep the primary copy at our core datacenter so that we could use ILM ( information lifecycle management ) tools to migrate old data to cheaper storage , centralize backups , and still have good performance for the remote site .
Before rolling out any changes to the sites , we tested it between our main engineering site and the datacenter over an OC3 with very low latency and deployed one to APAC , which has an E1 with very high latency .
[ Tired of being told to do more with less ?
Participate in InfoWorld 's Slow IT movement : Rant on our wailing wall .
Read the Slow IT manifesto .
Trade Slow IT tips and techniques in our discussion group .
Get Slow IT shirts , mugs , and more goodies . ]
When we got ready to deploy to the EMEA site , the site manager put the brakes on .
" I 'm not convinced you tested it enough , " he said .
We explained the testing we had done , the phased approach , and the backout plan , but to no avail .
He was n't going to let us do it .
Since he 's a supply chain ops guy with no real IT background , we figured he did n't understand the risks of not deploying to the site , so we took time to explain them in detail and to ask questions and think it over .
Nothing doing .
Our manager talked to him , but he was resolute that the changes would cause major problems for his operations .
A year ago , the caching appliance company had been bought by someone else , and it killed the product we were using .
So we upgraded the remote sites ' infrastructure to use the caching model with the data stored and managed centrally , but cached locally .
We switched tactics and installed an ESX cluster with local iSCSI storage .
It could survive a single hardware failure with no impact , and since everything was local , performance rocked .
Backups were done using replication back to the core datacenter .
Unfortunately , the site manager in EMEA was concerned about performance on the virtual machines .
We explained how performance was actually better on the other 100 machines we had virtualized , since the new hardware was much faster , and even consolidating the 12 servers to 3 , he would see much better performance and resiliency .
Apparently , he read an article somewhere that was contrary to what we were saying , and he quashed it again .
We moved on to other sites with the intention of convincing him later .
Of course , anyone with more than a few months in IT can see where this train wreck was heading .
This morning , they suffered a failure on the RAID array , which caused data loss .
We are currently rebuilding the array and starting to spin tape to recover the data , but of course his question now is , " Why do n't we have redundancy for these critical services ? "
I looked it up .
I can catch a flight this afternoon and be there in the morning to yell at him in person .
I think the cost would be worth it .
All that Neal Page wants to do is to get home for Thanksgiving .
His flight has been cancelled due to bad weather , so he decides on other means of transport .
As well as bad luck , Neal is blessed with the presence of Del Griffith , shower curtain ring salesman and all - around blabbermouth who is never short of advice , conversation , bad jokes , or company .
And when he decides that he is going the same direction as Neal ....
Written by Murray Chapman < muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au >
Some of the coolest apps in Apple 's ( AAPL ) iPhone App Store are widgets that let you use your iPhone or iPod touch as a remote control .
You can control dozens of gadgets , ranging from your DVR to your computer or high - end digital camera .
The best news :
Many remote control apps are free , and most are a few bucks or less .
Click here to see 15 things you can remote control with your iPhone →
Perhaps the most practical is the free Remote app that Apple launched along with the iPhone App Store in July , 2007 .
It lets you control your computer 's iTunes app from anywhere within wi-fi range .
That means you can change songs or volume levels from bed , across the house , or even outside .
It also allows you to control your Apple TV set - top box -- if you have one -- and use the iPhone 's multi - touch screen as a gesture pad .
It 's much better than the small , plastic remote that comes free with the Apple TV .
( Other media center apps have similar remote controls for the iPhone , such as Boxee and VLC , a video player . )
Soon , you 'll be able to control some Blu-ray discs with your iPhone , we learned this week .
A new Fast & Furious Blu-ray disc , to be released on July 28 , includes a " virtual car garage , " which lets iPhone and iPod touch users see different views of the movie 's racers and cars by using their touch screens .
But it 's not just entertainment :
There 's also business cases , such as using your iPhone as a remote for PowerPoint or Apple 's Keynote software , or to monitor video from security video cameras .
Click here to see 15 things you can remote control with your iPhone →
There are bus drivers who cause one car accident after another , but when bus accident lawyers subpoena their driving records – they ’re clean .
No reported accidents .
No points .
This is a huge problem in Michigan , especially in cities like Detroit .
What ’s going on ?
What is happening is essentially a conspiracy .
Take Detroit for example , police have “ unwritten orders ” to avoid citing fault and issuing tickets against drivers employed by the city and Wayne County .
Then , when an accident victim ’s lawyer gets the bus driver ’s driving record and sees it is clean , the lawyer does not add additional legal counts such as negligent hiring , entrustment and supervision against the city / county for employing the unfit driver .
A friend of mine and a very good lawyer , Scott Goodwin , once ordered an “ unedited ” driving record in a Detroit bus accident case .
The record came back “ clean ” — until Goodwin received the bus driver ’s unedited record of 30 bus accidents that occurred over a few years .
Yet this bus driver never received a ticket .
This exposed the city`s failure to ticket their bus drivers , and assisted in getting a bunch of unfit Detroit bus drivers off the road .
But it is n’t just the cities getting away with this dishonest practice .
Trucking companies are hiring top lawyers to go to traffic court and try to get tickets and truck accidents dismissed , and since most accident victims do not appear in traffic court to contest , they are becoming more and more successful .
The answer to this problem is clear : Lawyers should be ordering un-redacted driving records , especially when things do n’t pass the smell test .
Investigate previous truck accidents for truck drivers .
Ask in depositions if they have been involved in other truck crashes that may not appear on their driving records .
And run a search for accidents in other states .
Remember , many bus and truck drivers have caused serious accidents or have long driving records of violations in other states that may not appear on their Michigan driving records .
That ’s one reason they came to Michigan to work .
Keep in mind Michigan does not have punitive damages , which allows this to happen .
Ultimately , the responsibility lies on us as lawyers to protect the public when cities , counties and trucking companies refuse to do so .
That responsibility begins with aggressive discovery in bus accident and truck accident cases ; and to keep digging and digging past what sometimes seems the obvious .
We owe it to our clients , and we owe it to every Michigan resident who is endangered on the road .
For more information about handling a truck accident case in Michigan , please visit my Truck Accident Lawyers Resource Center , which has an entire section devoted helping attorneys handling Michigan truck accident cases .
It covers topics including legal discovery , black boxes , truck accident experts and finding all insurance after a truck accident .
To speak with a truck accident lawyer directly , call ( 800 ) 777-0028 .
– Steve Gursten is recognized as one of the nation ’s top attorneys handling serious truck accident injury cases .
He is on the executive board of governors representing Michigan for the Association of Interstate Trucking Lawyers of America and is immediate past president of the American Association for Justice Truck Litigation Group .
Steve has received the largest jury verdict for an automobile accident case in Michigan in four of the last seven years , including 2008 , according to Michigan Lawyers Weekly .
– Photo Courtesy of Creative Commons , by Oran Viriyincy
Related information :
Michigan Truck Accident Statistics
Truck Driver Fatigue
Michigan ’s Most Dangerous Intersections
Michigan Auto
Law exclusively handles car accident , truck accident and motorcycle accident cases throughout the entire state of Michigan .
We have offices in Farmington Hills , Detroit , Ann Arbor , Grand Rapids and Sterling Heights .
For more information , please read our law firm quick facts .
«« First « Previous | Random | Next » Current »»
UNRELATED NEWS :
I 've been staying up nights wondering what this comic
would look like if it were animated .
Now I know .
Thanks ,
Bert
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
Children between the ages of birth and 8 years of age should be in a car seat when traveling in any automobile .
It is important to guard your child ’s life with these devices every time they are in your car or anyone else ’s .
Proper installation of an age - appropriate car seat can mean the difference between a simple journey and a tragedy .
In 1997 , a study was made of youth automobile deaths which concluded that 95 % of all car seats that failed in accidents had not been installed correctly .
That signals a need to pay close attention while installing the car seat into any automobile every single time it is used to transport children .
Read the tips below for proper installation .
Read the seat belt section of your car owner ’s manual Read the car seat manual completely .
Put the car seat in the back , using the center seat Follow the car manufacturer ’s instructions for installation Push down on the car seat with your knee as you buckle and tighten the seat belt Pull on the car seat and try to push it back and forth sideways and if it is stable , you did it right .
If you find slack in the belt or the seat wiggles more than one inch , tighten the belt Check any car that uses the car seat to be sure the seat belt tightens only when there is a sudden stop .
If this is the case , you may need an additional locking clip or some type of tether strap to be sure the seat cannot loosen during normal travel or toddler movement .
* If you place the car seat in a car that was made before 1996 , you will definitely need a regular locking clip to be sure the lap part of the belt is secure .
* Shorten a lap belt that has lap and shoulder belts separate to the latch plate with a heavy - duty locking clip .
According to legislation passed in 2009 , children up to the age of 8 or 4 ’ 9 ” ( whichever comes first ) must be secured in car seats .
Under the age of 2 may be placed in a rear - facing car seat in the front seat if the air bag is turned off and if the rear seats are taken by others
Ages 4 and up may ride in the front seat if properly secured in a car seat , but only if all rear seats are taken by children younger than 4
Ages 4 - 8 may use a car seat booster
No matter what type of car is used , it is vital that the car seat is properly installed every single time the unit is used .
For more information about car seat installation , call 1-800-745-SAFE or your car seat manufacturer .
Remember , our children are our future , and it is our responsibility to keep them safe .
From MozillaZine Knowledge Base
Thunderbird 5.0 has been released on June 28 , 2011 .
Thunderbird 3.0 was released on December 8 , 2009 and is no longer supported .
. Thunderbird 3.1 was released on June 24 , 2010 .
This article is still valid for both 3.1 and 5.0 unless obsoleted in those articles .
Changes after Thunderbird 5.0 which obsolete anything here should go into Thunderbird 6.0 , etc .
A lot of changes in backend code and features have been performed since the release of Thunderbird 2.0 in April 2007 .
This article describes noticeable changes in Thunderbird 3.0 from the user 's perspective , thus wo n't address all the technical details and bug fixes which were done behind the user interface .
However , for those interested , links to relevant bug reports , wikipages , or forum threads are provided .
Note that the individual KB articles yet have to be updated , which may take a while .
If you are having problems after upgrading or with a new installation , look into Thunderbird 3.0 installation issues first for a more concise description .
Some but not all of these items also apply to SeaMonkey 2.0 .
Notes :
Unless explicitly stated , the contents of this article apply to all major platforms ( Windows , Max OSX , Linux ) .
All descriptions refer to the default theme , thus items may be missing or appear differently if you use another theme .
Substantial redesign of theme items has been performed .
A " classic " theme is available using the old icons .
Many themes and extensions will not work ( yet ) , thus verify that they have been updated for Thunderbird 3.0 .
Any userChrome.css entries you have defined for Thunderbird 2.0 may no longer work with the new version .
When updating from 2.0 or an older version :
A new migration assistant will show up , allowing you to customize the transition and to keep some of your old configurations .
All IMAP accounts will be marked for offline use , thus you will see increased network and disk activity after the first startup while synchronizing .
The main toolbar will be reset upon migration , removing all customizations and the message - specific buttons , in turn adding the Gloda search bar ; it is possible to get your customizations back , but you will need to have done at least one customization from the right - click menu with the " old " toolbar .
customizations and the message - specific buttons , in turn adding the Gloda search bar ; it is possible to get your customizations back , but you will need to have done at least one customization from the right - click menu with the " old " toolbar .
If you have multiple accounts set up , the Smart Folders view will be the default .
You can use the small ← and → buttons in the folder - pane headings to revert to the old per-account folders view .
The new Gloda search is switched on by default , thus upon migration , it will start indexing all your messages in all folders of all accounts ; this can take considerable time and resources .
Message Viewer
The most obvious change becomes apparent when opening a message in Thunderbird 3.0 , there has been a substantial redesign of the main toolbar [ 1 ] and the header pane of a message [ 2 ] .
Also , tabs were introduced to allow easier browsing of multiple messages or folders within the same window [ 3 ] .
These new features are close to finalized .
There is also an extension proposed with variants of the header pane [ 4 ] .
Selecting multiple messages now shows a summary in the message preview pane , rather than leaving it empty [ 5 ] .
This allows to easier keep track of the messages selected , especially when there is substantial distance between them in the message list .
If you have three or more recipients in a message it will list two plus " more " .
Pressing " more " lists the remaining recipients in a scrollable pane [ 6 ] .
The more button may not be visible if your mail window is too narrow [ 7 ] , [ 8 ] .
Note :
The " brief " ( compact ) header view has been removed and only the " normal " or " all " ( with View → Headers ) views are available [ 9 ] , [ 10 ] .
An extension has been developed to reestablish the " brief " view and is based on the split - off code .
Action Buttons in Header Pane
The upper right corner of the header pane has buttons for frequently used actions added , which replicate the functions of the ( by default now hidden ) icons in the main toolbar .
There has been some extensive discussion on the usefulness of moving the message - specific buttons into the header area [ 11 ] .
The header - button pane is defined as a regular toolbar [ 12 ] , including an option to select between text +icon , text - only , or icon -only buttons [ 13 ] .
Work is still pending to allow customization of the header - pane buttons to rearrange or hide specific buttons [ 14 ] .
This is currently available as an extension only , and will hopefully be added for the next 3.1 release .
In turn , the respective toolbar buttons were removed from the default toolbar , but can be moved back into place manually using the " Customize " right - click menu [ 15 ] .
During migration from an old profile , the migration assistant allows to copy the toolbar customizations ; however , some settings may be lost upon restart and have to be reset again in the " Customize " menu , then they should stick [ 16 ] .
To suppress the header - pane buttons , you can include the following code into your userChrome.css until toolbar customization becomes available :
.msgHeaderView-button { display : none ! important ; }
Individual buttons can be addressed with .hdrReplyButton , .hdrForwardButton , .hdrJunkButton , .hdrArchiveButton , or .hdrTrashButton .
, , , , or .
Header - pane appearance can be modified using #msgHeaderView , use .msgHeaderView- button for appearance of the buttons .
, use for appearance of the buttons .
This will only affect the buttons when viewing an individual message .
Add the following to also hide the buttons in the multi-message view :
#archive .multimessage , #trash .
multimessage { display : none ! important ; }
Address - Book Status for each Address
There is a star next to each shown e-mail , which is blank if the address is not yet present in the address book , and filled in yellow if it was found [ 17 ] .
next to each shown e-mail , which is blank if the address is not yet present in the address book , and filled in yellow if it was found [ 17 ] .
Similar to the bookmarking function in Firefox 3.0 , click on it to add or modify an address - book entry for this address .
Avoiding " You " Replacement of Own Identities
By default , addresses in the From / To / Cc headings are now replaced with " You " if they match any of your identities [ 18 ] .
of your identities [ 18 ] .
This is ambiguous if you have multiple identities , even though hovering over the " You " entry will display the e-mail address in a tooltip .
A bug report is pending to limit the use of " You " to cases where it is unambiguous , and there are also localization / etiquette issues [ 19 ] .
As a workaround , go into the Advanced → Reading & Display preference tab and uncheck the " Show only display name for people in my address book " box , this will bypass the identity checking and always display name and address as it was actually sent in the message .
Where required by local grammar , localized versions may have separate " You " strings depending on whether the heading is in a " from " or " to " context [ 20 ] .
Folder Pane
Folder names are now highlighted to indicate that they have new messages pending [ 21 ] .
The color depends on the desktop theme [ 22 ] , [ 23 ] .
to indicate that they have new messages pending [ 21 ] .
The color depends on the desktop theme [ 22 ] , [ 23 ] .
See the themes article for instructions on how to change that color .
Parts of the new " session restore " [ 24 ] functionality are now available [ 25 ] similarly to Firefox and SeaMonkey .
The last folders are reopened on restart , though not without issues [ 26 ] , [ 27 ] .
This is not configurable [ 28 ] and may cause multiple uncoordinated password prompts [ 29 ] , [ 30 ] .
There is a modified version of the FolderPaneTools extension , which provides an option to select a default startup folder to be selected rather than the last folder before Thunderbird was closed [ 31 ] .
Smart Folders
The advanced folder view has a new choice - smart folders [ 32 ] .
That creates an inbox folder that merges the contents of all accounts ' inboxes ( includes POP , IMAP , and local folders ) , and has separate inbox folders for each account as child folders .
This should not be confused with saved searches , which some users have gotten into the habit of calling smart folders .
This view removes the inbox folder from its normal location .
Smart Folders will be the default view when migrating or adding a new account [ 33 ] .
You can use the small ← and → buttons in the folder - pane headings to revert to the old per-account folders view .
view when migrating or adding a new account [ 33 ] .
You can use the small ← and → buttons in the folder - pane headings to revert to the old per-account folders view .
Using smart folders or the conventional account view is also covered by the migration assistant when updating from 2.0 with an existing profile .
The topmost inbox ( the one that is a global inbox for all accounts ) has a Location field enabled in the folder listing .
Unfortunately it currently just says " Inbox " , which is useless information .
You can enable the Account field , but it only lists POP accounts .
A Smart Folders section has been added to the Global Inbox article which has more information .
Message and Folder Tabs
Messages and folders can be opened in separate tabs now .
Right - click on a folder or a message in the thread pane and select " Open in New Tab " from the context menu .
Messages open in a tab by double - clicking by default [ 34 ] , and tabs can be opened in the background without leaving the current tab [ 35 ] .
The respective list of options is located in the Advanced preferences .
There are a couple of regressions in the tabbed view caused by the ongoing work on the new search functionality [ 36 ] .
By default , the tab bar is also visible when just a single tab is present [ 37 ] .
In the Config Editor , setting mail.tabs.autoHide to " true " hides the tab bar when only a single tab is present .
to " true " hides the tab bar when only a single tab is present .
Note that after the redesign , the extended folder columns are no longer available .
An extension is provided to add those back [ 38 ] .
Display of Inline Attachments
When attachments are displayed inline , the file name is now included in the separator on top of the attachment , thus allowing a better identification [ 39 ] .
Images which are larger than the width of the window can be automatically resized to fit the window width [ 40 ] .
Watch for the zoom icon to show up in oversized windows , and click into the image to toggle between " fit to width " and " original size " .
Alternatively set mail.enable_automatic_image_resizing ( defaults to true ) .
( defaults to true ) .
Copying single images from a message ( either attachments displayed inline or as part of the message body ) to the clipboard is now supported [ 41 ] .
the clipboard is now supported [ 41 ] .
While the context - menu item still reads " Copy Image Location " , it will copy the image itself onto the clipboard in addition to the location .
When pasting into an application , you may need to use " Paste As " to select the correct type ( e.g. , " Device Independent Bitmap " on Windows ) .
JavaScript
For security reasons , JavaScript is no longer supported for mail / news content [ 42 ] , [ 43 ] .
The javascript.allow .
mailnews preference has been removed [ 44 ] .
Disk Cache
Thunderbird 3.0 now comes with a disk cache , which can cache any remote content [ 45 ] .
, which can cache any remote content [ 45 ] .
These are usually images referred to in HTML messages , or something trivial as the startup page , but also certificate data and even update files are cached .
Messages and their attachments are now cached on the disk for IMAP accounts as well [ 46 ] .
This setting is in the Advanced preference pane , the default is 50 MB .
If you have privacy concerns , you should disable the disk cache ( do n't forget the IMAP offline copies as well ) .
To do so , set its size to 0MB or the browser.cache.disk.enable pref to false .
pref to false .
While " about : cache " has been implemented , there is no easy access to the contents of the disk cache [ 47 ] .
As a workaround , define the start page in Advanced → General as about : cache ?
device=disk , which allows you to examine the contents whenever the start page would be shown ( e.g. , entering a folder ) .
Cookies
For web content referred to by e-mail messages , news , or feeds , cookies are accepted and sent back to the server if requested [ 48 ] .
By default , all cookies are accepted according to their expiration policy .
These settings are located in the Security → Web Content tab and similar to the respective Firefox pane [ 49 ] .
News
This mail message mentions that a summary feature for the news reader has been added .
The summary page for collapsed threads and multiple selections bug report tracks its status .
Message Composition
A couple of new features have been introduced , causing a different behavior than what you may be used to from Thunderbird 2.0 .
Quotes in Replies
In Thunderbird 3.0 , the attribution line in the quotes includes now the date and time of the original message by default ( mailnews.reply_header_type=2 ) [ 50 ] .
of the original message by default ( mailnews.reply_header_type=2 ) [ 50 ] .
If you highlight a specific portion ( text and / or images ) of a message before clicking on Reply , this portion only will be quoted , not the full message [ 51 ] .
This also applies for the Options → Quote Message function while already in the composition window [ 52 ] .
a specific portion ( text and / or images ) of a message before clicking on Reply , this portion will be quoted , not the full message [ 51 ] .
This also applies for the Options → Quote Message function while already the composition window [ 52 ] .
By default , any inline attachments displayed with a message will not be included in the quote even if View → Display Attachments Inline is checked .
To revert to the old behavior of including such attachments , set the new mail .
reply_quote_inline preference to " true " [ 53 ] .
Forwarding and Message Attachments
Thunderbird 3.0 forwards inline by default now rather than sending messages as attachments [ 54 ] , thus allowing easier editing of the messages and avoiding attachment - related problems for the recipients .
by default now rather than sending messages as attachments [ 54 ] , thus allowing easier editing of the messages and avoiding attachment - related problems for the recipients .
There are no longer squared brackets added to the " Fwd : original subject " subject , and the " Fwd " string can now be modified with the mail.forward_subject_prefix preference [ 55 ] .
" subject , and the " Fwd " string can now be modified with the preference [ 55 ] .
Holding the Shift key down when clicking Forward will now toggle between HTML and plain - text composition mode ( i.e. , the opposite of your default ) , thus making it consistent with the Write , Reply , and Reply All buttons [ 56 ] .
If an account is set up with a signature , note that it is only added to your e-mail if the signature is enabled for forwarding messages in the Composition & Addressing panel [ 57 ] .
If the signature is placed above the quote when replying , it will now also be placed before the original message rather than at the very end when forwarding inline [ 58 ] .
the original message rather than at the very end when forwarding inline [ 58 ] .
If a message is forwarded as attachment , many servers reject message attachments these days based on an " .eml " suffix ( file extension ) to the attachment name .
On the other hand , certain e-mail clients or operating systems rely on the suffix to identify them as such .
Thus , there is now a checkbox for a new mail .
forward_add_extension preference next to the forwarding mode in the Composition preference pane to toggle the presence of the file extension [ 59 ] .
Send in Background
Note :
This feature is partly implemented and has known bugs , but is usable for the average user .
Read the material cited below , and use the feature with caution .
mailnews.sendInBackground preference set to True will send a message in the background , and under some circumstances provide automatic retries if a send failure occurs .
preference set to True will send a message in the background , and under some circumstances provide automatic retries if a send failure occurs .
You may also want to set mailnews .
show_send_progress to False .
to False .
Help is needed in bug 511079 to finish implementation .
See this wiki article and this bug report for more detail .
Outbox article has a placeholder paragraph that needs updating when it 's more functional [ 60 ] .
Attachment Reminder
A warning message is now created if you have words in your e-mail ( e.g. , " attachment " ) indicating that something was supposed to be attached , but no attachment was actually added when you click " Send " [ 61 ] .
If you have n't attached anything yet and type in a word matching the list , a notification bar shows up at the bottom of the composition window with an option to start the attachment dialog [ 62 ] .
You can continue typing while that bar is shown .
In the Composition preferences , General tab , there is a checkbox to disable that feature .
Use the " Keywords " button to modify the list of keywords which trigger the warning .
Quoted text in replies is skipped , to avoid that merely a reference to an attachment in the cited original message causes the warning .
Pasting of Images from the Clipboard
Thunderbird 2.0 allowed pasting of images into the message in lossy JPEG format only , where the low quality was a frequently criticized issue especially on Windows platforms [ 63 ] .
While pasting in JPEG will remain an option , the default will be lossless PNG in Thunderbird 3.0 .
Note that the format in which an image was put on the clipboard does not have an impact on how it will be pasted [ 64 ] .
If you want to retain the original encoding of an image , you would have to save it first and then insert it into your message from a file [ 65 ] .
Also , drag - and - drop from a file , a web page from your browser , or as attachment from another message will not recode the image .
have an impact on how it will be pasted [ 64 ] .
If you want to retain the original encoding of an image , you would have to save it first and then insert it into your message from a file [ 65 ] .
Also , drag - and - drop from a file , a web page from your browser , or as attachment from another message will not recode the image .
There are certainly cases where you would prefer JPEG instead , e.g. , if message size is more of an issue than image quality .
Look at the description for the new clipboard .
paste_image_type preference for the options [ 66 ] .
Both PNG and JPEG are supported by the clipboard mechanisms of all major platforms , GIF is not available on Windows or Linux .
For JPEG , the encoding quality is determined by the operating system or hard - wired in Windows , thus not configurable [ 67 ] .
The encoding quality on Windows has been increased from 50 ( in Thunderbird 2.0 ) to now 92 , along with better sampling parameters [ 68 ] .
Note that the workaround of editing the Windows executable to modify the JPEG - encoding quality does no longer work in Thunderbird 3.0 .
in Thunderbird 3.0 .
On Windows , copy - and - paste or drag - and - drop of images from a message viewed to another one currently composed is broken if the source is a local mail folder [ 69 ] .
Double - click on the image in your composed message and change the location from mailbox :/// C%7C / to mailbox :///C|/ to correct the encoding error .
Content Disposition of Attachments
The default for the content disposition has been changed from inline to attachment , thus such attachments are no longer marked for display with the message but as " true " attachments , even if they are image or text which could be displayed with the message [ 70 ] .
the message but as " true " attachments , even if they are image or text which could be displayed with the message [ 70 ] .
While this resolves some problems met with the previous default , it may not be your intention , thus set mail .content_disposition_type to 0 to revert to the old behavior .
Note that Gmail 's webmail interface will not display forwarded message attachments with the new default content disposition correctly [ 71 ] .
If you insert images ( from menu , drag - and - drop , copy - and - paste ) into an HTML message you compose , it will also get an " attachment " disposition by default [ 72 ] .
This may cause issues with non-Mozilla e-mail clients or webmail systems .
Since just switching the default is not a satisfactory solution for all cases , this is subject to further investigation how the disposition can be determined from the attachment type or user interaction [ 73 ] .
Encoding - Related Changes
When writing a message which contains characters not representable in the default encoding , a dialog box used to pop up asking whether to send in UTF - 8 ( Unicode ) instead .
This was considered confusing , especially for users not aware of the technical details .
Up -conversion to UTF - 8 is now performed silently without asking the user [ 74 ] .
It is possible to disable that up - conversion using encoding - specific mailnews.disable_fallback_to_utf8 . * preferences [ 75 ] .
Removing the dialog also resolves a couple of other issues , e.g. , that dialog popping up during autosave of the message as draft .
* preferences [ 75 ] .
Removing the dialog also resolves a couple of other issues , e.g. , that dialog popping up during autosave of the message as draft .
Also removed was the potentially confusing dialog " Send as plain text or HTML ? " if no other arrangements are made , e.g. , in the address book .
The new default behavior is to silently send as both plain text and HTML [ 76 ] .
Message Archiving and Compacting
New " Archives " Folder
For each account , a folder can be specified to archive messages into with a single function [ 77 ] , [ 78 ] .
Note : Archving involves a move operation rather than a copy .
Archving involves a operation rather than a .
You can set the Archives folder location in the Copies & Folders pane of the Account Settings .
For POP accounts using a Global Inbox , the Archives folder should be associated with the location of the Inbox [ 79 ] .
The currently implemented scheme creates an Archives folder which contains subfolders for each year .
In turn , those folders can contain per-month subfolders ( see figure to the right ) .
This is determined by a preference mail.server.default.archive_granularity ( or mail.server.server # .archive_granularity for a specific account ) with 0=single Archives folder , 1 = by - year subfolders ( default ) , and 2 = year / month subfolders [ 80 ] .
contain per-month subfolders ( see figure to the right ) .
This is determined by a preference ( or # for a specific account ) with 0=single Archives folder , 1 = by - year subfolders ( default ) , and 2 = year / month subfolders [ 80 ] .
The granularity option is currently not accessible through any UI element [ 81 ] .
The date sorted into represents the sending , not the archiving time .
, not the time .
In addition to the " archive " button of the header pane , one or more messages ( as highlighted in the message / thread list ) can be archived using Message → Archive from the menu or the ' A ' keyboard shortcut .
A bug is pending to prompt a warning message , which also may allow to reassign or disable the shortcut , to decrease the danger of accidentally archiving messages in this way [ 82 ] , but nothing happend in time for the 3.0 release .
A toolbar button is now available for the archive function [ 83 ] .
Archiving in Gmail IMAP accounts is a special case due to the " All Mail " folder / label [ 84 ] .
Compacting Folders
Thus far , manual compacting was only possible through the menus .
There is now a " Compact " button available to easier compact folders [ 85 ] .
The functionality is the same as provided by the respective add - on available for TB 2.0 [ 86 ] .
Right - click on the toolbar and select " Customize " , then drag the " Compact " button to a location of your choice onto the main toolbar .
There is no keyboard shortcut for the compact function yet [ 87 ] .
Searching
One of the most significant changes which finally landed is the new search interface [ 88 ] , [ 89 ] .
Search results are presented in a separate tab in a " faceted view " now .
tab in a " faceted view " now .
The search tab provides for a timeline in addition to the detailed results , which gives you some idea when some peak of messages matching your search criteria arrived .
Clicking on the time line narrows down your search to that period , and you can specify further criteria .
The backend uses a new indexing system ( Gloda [ 90 ] = Global Database ) is introduced , which allows better performance when trying to find messages [ 91 ] , [ 92 ] .
system ( Gloda [ 90 ] = Global Database ) is introduced , which allows better performance when trying to find messages [ 91 ] , [ 92 ] .
The search bar in the main toolbar has two roles , combining the old " Quick Search " with the new search interface :
When using the default " Search Everywhere " search is performed using the indexing results , over all folders in all accounts .
A list of possibly search terms and wildcard use does n't seem to be available .
The other filter functions apparently resemble the old " Quick Search " on the current folder .
It is unclear at this time to which extent Gloda is actually used in this mode .
roles , combining the old " Quick Search " with the new search interface :
By default , Gloda indexing is enabled [ 93 ] , also for migrating accounts .
Note that indexing a large amount of e-mails takes considerable time and resources , especially when setting up a new account or migrating from an old profile !
[ 93 ] , also for migrating accounts .
Note that indexing a large amount of e-mails takes time and resources , especially when setting up a new account or migrating from an old profile !
For Gmail IMAP accounts , your messages are indexed in their primary folder as well as " All Mail " ( and other folders for which a label was assigned ) .
The indexing can be enabled or disabled in the Advanced → General tab of the preferences .
However , you may not get any ( or obsolete ) search results which are based on the Gloda database when indexing is disabled .
The Gloda Indexing can be disabled in the Advanced preferences .
Note that this will only affect the extended capabilities for creating the search tab and the faceted view .
If you do n't need this feature and / or do n't use search regularly , thus would prefer a better performance during normal use ( i.e. , no indexing in the background ) over the indexed search , you can switch global indexing off .
Neither the quick search options nor searching from the right - click context menu will be affected , those still work even with Gloda disabled , but may be slower than a Gloda - based search .
in the Advanced preferences .
Note that this will only affect the extended capabilities for creating the search tab and the faceted view .
If you do n't need this feature and / or do n't use search regularly , thus would prefer a better performance during normal use ( i.e. , no indexing in the background ) over the indexed search , you can switch global indexing off .
Neither the quick search options nor searching from the right - click context menu will be affected , those still work even with Gloda disabled , but may be slower than a Gloda - based search .
Integration of Thunderbird message folders so that they are searchable from the Vista Search function [ 94 ] , similar work in progress for Spotlight Search in Mac OSX [ 95 ] .
Address Book
The address book has been extended with a field for the birthday [ 96 ] , other improvements are pending [ 97 ] .
[ 96 ] , other improvements are pending [ 97 ] .
It is now possible to add a photo to each contact [ 98 ] .
to each contact [ 98 ] .
To whitelist addresses from Junk filtering , you can now select multiple address books [ 99 ] .
address books [ 99 ] .
For a recipient with more than one entries in the address book , currently only a single one will be offered from the auto - complete list [ 100 ] .
On Mac OSX , searching the address book of the operating system is enabled by default [ 101 ] , [ 102 ] .
Account Management
Account Auto - Configuration
The account wizard can now determine ( or guess ) connection parameters from your e-mail address [ 103 ] .
First stage is to compare your domain ( i.e. , the part of the e-mail address after the ' @ ' ) against a list of known providers [ 104 ] .
If there is no match , server names like imap .
domain , pop3 . domain , pop. domain , smtp. domain , mail .
domain are generated and attempted to connect to .
If successful , security protocols ( STARTTLS , SSL / TLS , secure authentication ) are probed to determine the connection settings .
the '@ ' ) against a list of known providers [ 104 ] .
If there is no match , server names like imap . , pop3 . , pop. , smtp. , mail .
are generated and attempted to connect to .
If successful , security protocols ( STARTTLS , SSL / TLS , secure authentication ) are probed to determine the connection settings .
Where both IMAP and POP access are available , auto - configuration uses IMAP if possible .
Note that startup with a new profile or using the " Add Account " button starts the old Account Wizard , which you may need to cancel first .
Brief instructions : Use File → New → Mail Account or click on " Create a new account " under the " Accounts " heading of the startup page to proceed with the new auto - configuration .
You have to enter a real name , the e-mail address ( relevant to derive the connection parameters ) , and a password ( used for probing and account verification , you can choose to have it stored in the password manager ) .
Everything else should go automatic from there , you may see different settings being tested , finally the indicators for both incoming and outcoming servers should switch to a " green light " status ( the selection menu for the outgoing server may be collapsed due to a known bug [ 105 ] ) .
If it does n't look right to you , click on " Edit " to make respective changes , then " Re-test configuration " to try again .
Clicking " Create Account " at the end will verify the settings , it may still fail at that point if any of the parameters does n't allow a proper login .
If you run into problems , you can still go into the regular Account Manager using the advanced - settings link next to " Cancel " to correct any parameters .
This is not finalized yet with various bugs pending [ 106 ] , [ 107 ] .
The new account setup has replaced the old account wizard as default " Add Account " action [ 108 ] .
The account wizard does not recreate a deleted account in the same account directory if you add the exact same account again .
You used to be able to do this to retrieve your old mail messages if you made a mistake . [ 109 ]
Connection Settings
The " SSL " and " TLS " labels in the server settings have been renamed to more accurately reflect the algorithms used .
While this is potentially confusing , no change in the underlying algorithms has been performed .
The new labels read " STARTTLS " ( formerly " TLS " ) and " SSL / TLS " ( formerly " SSL " ) [ 110 ] .
Note that " STARTTLS , if available " is discouraged for security reasons [ 111 ] and no longer offered in the menu .
Make sure to select " STARTTLS " rather than " SSL / TLS " if the setup instructions require you to use " TLS " for the connection .
If there is a certificate error ( domain mismatch , untrusted issue , expired , etc. ) , the same dialog used in Firefox 3.x shows now up and allows you to define an exception .
Make sure that you really trust that certificate before excepting it to avoid intrusion .
trust that certificate before excepting it to avoid intrusion .
There is now also a " Use secure authentication " checkbox available for SMTP settings .
Note :
If an SMTP server does not support authentication ( secure or not ) , you will now receive an error message and the e-mail is not sent [ 112 ] .
Unchecking user name and password and / or secure authentication may resolve the problem .
It is not recommended to use non-secure authentication without encryption .
If an SMTP server does support authentication ( secure or not ) , you will now receive an error message and the e-mail is not sent [ 112 ] .
Unchecking user name and password and / or secure authentication may resolve the problem .
It is not recommended to use non-secure authentication without encryption .
While a server may allow either secure connection ( SSL / TLS or STARTTLS ) or secure authentication , a server may not support both methods at the same time [ 113 ] .
Thus , uncheck the box if encryption is chosen and you run into problems .
IMAP Accounts
New IMAP accounts are set up with offline folders enabled by default now [ 114 ] .
by default now [ 114 ] .
Existing IMAP folders are quietly marked for offline use [ 115 ] .
Whether or not to change existing accounts to use offline synchronization is covered by the migration assistant when updating from an older version with an existing profile .
You can also fine - tune the synchronization policy manually as follows :
If you do n't want to keep offline copies , disable that either in the Account Settings → Synchronization & Storage ( renamed from Offline & Disk Space [ 116 ] ) tab , or in the context menu of each folder in the Properties → Synchronization tab .
In the Advanced dialog of Message Synchronizing , you can select multiple folders with the mouse , or use the cursor keys ( with Shift held down ) to highlight a number of folders , then toggle their offline status with the Space bar all at once rather than individually .
Current synchronization policy is to download and keep all content in offline copies .
You can use the per-server settings in the Synchronization & Storage tab ( or mail.server.default.autosync_max_age_days to change the default for all servers ) to limit the amount of messages downloaded from the server and retained offline based on their date to avoid keeping copies of old messages offline [ 117 ] , [ 118 ] , [ 119 ] .
Bugs are pending to also restrict retention of those copies by space [ 120 ] and to limit the download bandwidth [ 121 ] .
For Thunderbird 3.0 , no disk - space limits can be specified and the full network bandwidth is utilized during synchronization .
You can restrict synchronization to messages viewed only ( thus , not downloading preemptively ) by setting mail.server.default.autosync_offline_stores or the server - specific variable to false [ 122 ] , [ 123 ] .
This will also avoid problems with ISPs blocking an account when exceeding a certain download - bandwidth threshold .
If you do not use synchronization , you may run into a problem when printing messages with attachments [ 124 ] .
In this case , you will see a hanging " Preparing ... " notification .
As a workaround , cancel the dialog with the x in the title bar , then either select View → Message Source or open the attachment ( s ) .
After that , you should be able to print that message .
use synchronization , you may run into a problem when printing messages with attachments [ 124 ] .
In this case , you will see a hanging " Preparing ... " notification .
As a workaround , cancel the dialog with the in the title bar , then either select View → Message Source or open the attachment (s ) .
After that , you should be able to print that message .
Note that Gmail maps messages to " labels " rather than the traditional folder concept .
As a consequence , multiple copies of the same message may be held when offline storage is enabled ( one for each label , e.g. , " Inbox " and " All Mail " ) , thus increasing the disk space occupied [ 125 ] .
copies of the same message may be held when offline storage is enabled ( one for each label , e.g. , " Inbox " and " All Mail " ) , thus increasing the disk space occupied [ 125 ] .
According to this blog , Thunderbird 3.0 has built - in support for the IMAP Compress extension since beta 3 ( an optional feature in the protocol , not an add - on ) .
Fastmail.fm has been providing a compression proxy for their customers that does the same thing , and getting > 80 % bandwidth savings on average .
The bug report says it was only tested against a Cyrus IMAP server .
That is what Fastmail .fm uses .
Signatures
Each identity can have a signature file associated with it as before .
Alternatively , you can now create simple signatures also directly in the Account Manager [ 126 ] .
associated with it as before .
Alternatively , you can now create simple signatures also directly in the Account Manager [ 126 ] .
For a plain - text signature , just enter the text into the area provided in the main Account Settings pane of that account , or in the Manage Identities dialog .
You can use line breaks and special characters , including ' & ' or ' < ' , '>' in a plain - text signature .
What you enter as text is interpreted as an HTML signature if you check the " Use HTML " box .
While you cannot use a direct formatting , any HTML markup ( e.g. , < b > bold < /b > ) can be entered .
If you need a line break , an explicit " < br > " tag is necessary in HTML mode .
</b > ) can be entered .
If you need a line break , an explicit " < br > " tag is necessary in HTML mode .
An enhancement request is pending to add HTML - edit capabilities [ 127 ] , or it may be provided by an extension in the future .
When providing a signature file , the text box is disabled and any text you entered before retained but ignored .
Instead , the content of the file is added as the signature .
, the text box is disabled and any text you entered before retained but ignored .
Instead , the content of the file is added as the signature .
The content type for the file provided is determined in the same way as for regular attachments .
Specifically , Windows recognizes the type by the file extension .
HTML files must end in " .htm " or " .html " , files with any other extensions not associated with an image are interpreted as plain - text .
end in " .htm " or " .html " , files with any other extensions not associated with an image are interpreted as plain - text .
You can also add an image as the signature , which must be either of GIF , JPEG , or PNG formats to ensure that they can be displayed inline .
In the Composition & Addressing pane , there are now options to omit the signature when replying or forwarding [ 128 ] , which is on for replies but off for forwarding messages .
Note that the signature position above or below the quote in replies also affects its postition when forwarding now [ 129 ] .
Message Aging
Note that the retention - policy setting applies to both the local offline store as well as the remote IMAP folder [ 130 ] .
The labels have been clarified .
the local offline store as well as the IMAP folder [ 130 ] .
The labels have been clarified .
Equally , a retention setting for POP accounts applies to both downloaded messages and their corresponding copies left on the server .
downloaded messages and their corresponding copies left on the server .
The checkbox " Always delete read messages " is hidden by default now [ 131 ] and that feature is targeted to be removed for TB 3.1 [ 132 ] .
Its scope is ambiguous and applies also when " Do n't delete any messages " is selected .
If using that feature is desired ( or for verification of its settings ) , add the following to your userChrome.css file :
.keepUnreadOnly { display : - moz-box ; }
The option formerly named " Use server defaults " actually means " my settings for the account in which the folder is located " and has been relabeled to " Use my account settings " [ 133 ] .
Restrictions to download size still do n't work correctly , settings of " Do n't download messages larger than " may be incorrectly reloaded when revisiting the Disk Space / Synchronization & Storage page and swapped between accounts [ 134 ] .
For newsgroups , the option " Remove bodies from messages more than a number of days old " may not be functional [ 135 ] .
If you are using a POP account with a Global Inbox , the retention policy of the account applies in which the Inbox is located , not the account referring to the Global Inbox .
Activity Manager
When selecting Tools → Activity Manager , a new window appears providing a list of ongoing and completed activities with respective time stamps [ 136 ] .
In analogy to the error console , it allows you to monitor in more detail what 's going on in the system and which activities are currently performed ( e.g. , syncing of IMAP offline folders , download of new POP messages ) .
The messages are yet a bit unspecific and may change .
Preference Settings
There are efforts ongoing to clean up the preference panes [ 137 ] , [ 138 ] .
Thus far , not much of this has actually been implemented [ 139 ] .
Some options have been added , others removed , and some moved into different panes of the Options dialog .
Moved Preferences
The check for default e-mail client now moved to the Advanced pane .
Various settings of the General tab in the Advanced pane moved into a new Advanced → Display tab .
Add -On Manager
Similar to Firefox 3.0 , the add - on manager can be accessed through the General tab in the preferences .
Removed Preferences
These depreciated or not frequently used preferences were removed from the Options , but are still available as " hidden " preferences through the Config Editor .
Display settings , Fonts dialog :
" Apply default character encoding ... " mailnews.force_charset_override ( defaults to false ) .
Composition settings :
" For messages that contain 8 - bit ... " mail.strictly_mime ( defaults to false ) .
( defaults to false ) .
" Wrap plain text messages at ... " mailnews .wraplength ( defaults to 72 ) .
Advanced settings :
" Remember the last selected message " mailnews.remember_selected_message ( defaults to true ) .
( defaults to true ) .
" Connection timeout " mailnews.tcptimeout ( new default 100 , affects all protocols : IMAP / POP3 / NNTP / SMTP ) .
API
This mail message mentions that Shredder has a new feature that allows custom filter actions to be added through extensions .
FiltaQuilla and ToneQuilla at http://mesquilla.com are two examples of this .
An overview of the Thunderbird interface is available here .
It is currently a draft .
Information about the Gloda global data base is available at
This blog entry and several mail messages on org.mozilla.lists.dev-extensions [ 140 ] , [ 141 ] , [ 142 ] mention that Shredder adds the ability for JavaScript code in an extension to make Java calls as long as a 32 - bit JRE is installed .
You need to include the JavaScript from a chrome : URL for it to have the needed permissions .
Application.ini
The installation directory has an application .ini file with general information about the build you are using and additional entries that control whether the profile manager and extension manager are enabled .
There do n't appear to be corresponding settings in prefs.js .
Build ID and Source References
The first block in application .ini identifies the program version and build used .
A new entry now also provides a reference to the Mercurial repository [ 143 ] , which is of use for users of nightly and tinderbox builds ( e.g. , to verify whether or not a specific patch has landed in that build ) .
would indicate that the sources for this May 23 , 2009 build can be accessed at http://hg.mozilla.org/comm-central/file/1a25ea0c8358
( there is no corresponding entry for the mozilla - 1.9.1 repository ) .
Crash Reporter
If you use the Crash Report Helper add - on ( it requires Shredder ) crashreporthelper .
thisapphasquit is used to remember how Shredder exited and will be false ( user set , rather than default ) in about : config and true in prefs.js if it exited normally according to the author .
There is nothing wrong with this , its mentioned only because most users expect that if an add - on creates some add - on specific settings they will have default values unless the user changed something .
It adds settings in application .ini to enable / disable itself , and to specify where to submit reports .
It sets ServerURL=https://crash-reports.mozilla.com/submit.
That URL is not mentioned in the Breakpad article and does n't appear to be in any of the .js files in the default directory .
Migration Assistant
Upon starting up the first time , if an older Thunderbird profile is found , a tab appears with the following options [ 144 ] :
Synchronization of IMAP folders , keeping local copies for offline use ( can be chosen globally or on a per-account basis ) .
Reset the main toolbar , thus removing all message - specific buttons , or retain the old toolbar with all customizations ( it will be switched to text beside icons in either way ) .
Switch the folder view to Smart Folders or retain the per-account All Folders view .
Note that the migration assistant can be opened at any time from the Help menu .
Reverting to Thunderbird 2.0
Thunderbird 3.0 did n't change how Thunderbird stores mail messages or address books .
While it is not recommended , you can use the same profile with both Thunderbird 2.0.0.x and the latest nightly build for Shredder , and switch back and forth between versions .
The main impact is that not all add - ons work with both versions ( despite changing some settings per Updating add - ons ) and that your cookies and passwords are stored in different files in Shredder , so if you reverted you 'd use the ( old ) Thunderbird 2 versions of those files .
Thunderbird 3.0 uses Gecko 1.9.1 while Thunderbird 2.0 is based on Gecko 1.8.1 , which in general appears to be transparent to the user .
The Thunderbird 3
Planning document proposes a number of significant changes such as roaming support , changing how accounts are added , using MozStorage for address books , eliminating RDF files , and bundling Lightning into the installer .
So far , it is unclear to which extent architectural changes will be included in a future 3.x release , and which effect those would have on the compatibility between 2.0 and 3.x profiles .
Note :
There has been a report that 3.0 may grab the default e-mail client association from 2.0 on Mac OSX despite canceling the respective dialog , thus invoking 3.0 instead of the 2.0 release version when opening links from a browser .
MozStorage
If the backend is switched to using MozStorage ( SQLite ) instead of Mork for the message summary database , that should n't cause a problem since Thunderbird 2 will automatically rebuild the *.msf files if they 're missing .
Switching to MozStorage for the address books would cause a problem , but you could export your address books as .ldif or .csv files .
In comparison , Firefox 3.x enables journaling , but does n't provide a way to use it to recover data from damaged SQLite files .
That 's why there are JSON backups of the bookmarks , but there is no similar backup for the history .
If Shredder / Thunderbird used SQLite for address books you 'd probably run the same type of risk .
Saved Passwords
The passwords are stored at a new location now .
Thus , when going forth and back between 2.0 and 3.0 versions , your password lists do not get updated .
Main Toolbar
Note that Thunderbird 2.0 uses mail - bar2 in localstore.rdf for customizations , whereas 3.0 now uses mail - bar3 .
Consequently , customizations done for 2.0 will not affect those in 3.0 if a profile is shared .
Lightning
" There is n't a stable Lightning release for Thunderbird 3 test builds " [ 145 ] .
In the interim use a Lightning nightly trunk test build .
" The current plan is to work with the Lightning Add - on community to make a version of it available as an add - on to Thunderbird 3 after we ship later this year .
This is a change from our initial plan of integrating all of Lightning into Thunderbird by default . " [ 146 ] , [ 147 ]
Lightning is expecting the 1.0 beta 1 release shortly , which will be compatible with Thunderbird 3.0 [ 148 ] .
For the time being , you can use the nightly builds [ 149 ] , which may be unstable though .
System Requirements
The system requirements match those of Firefox 3.5 now .
This means that Windows versions earlier than Windows 2000 are no longer supported , and Mac OSX 10.4 is needed as a minimum .
For Linux , most non-enterprise versions for which the distributor provides current patches should work , e.g. , Gtk 2.10 and other more recent libraries are required .
There is a known issue running 32 - bit builds on 64 - bit Debian or Ubuntu distributions ( and their variants ) , where a library issue prevents network connections [ 150 ] , [ 151 ] .
The workaround is to set network.dns.disableIPv6 to " true " or to install the correct version of the lib32nss - mdns package .
See also
Thunderbird 3.0 - New Features and Changes / Themes - new default themes and collected userChrome.css examples .
Thunderbird 3.0 installation issues - a shorter list of most frequently met problems for new and migrating users .
External links
Firefox 3.5 can now be downloaded from Mozilla ’s website , but some of the open source outfit ’s servers appear to be having a little lie down at time of writing .
Mozilla ’s Get FireFox download page is currently displaying an “ Http / 1.1 Service Unavailable ” message for some users keen to grab the latest version .
Elsewhere , users can still update their browser via Firefox ’s Help menu .
Mozilla ’s wonks will be crossing their fingers and hoping to avoid a repeat of its Firefox 3 Download Day PR fiasco , when the org suffered downtime for two hours immediately after it unleashed the browser onto the internet .
A year on from that saga , and six months later than scheduled , Firefox 3.5 has finally been shoved out the door .
Features include better JavaScript performance , a new wipe clean porn Private Browsing Mode , native support for open video and audio and something Mozilla has Orwellishly dubbed Location Aware Browsing .
Mozilla wheeled out the all - important speed stats today as well .
It claimed that Firefox 3.5 was “ more than two times faster ” than its predecessor , and “ ten times faster than Firefox 2 on complex websites . ”
The browser can be downloaded here and Mozilla has the full skinny on what 's new here . ®
Advertisements
Republican Gov. Rick Perry of Texas has gone from pondering his state ’s departure from the union because of the federal stimulus package to asking for his cut of the cash .
Perry has the federal government for a $ 170 million loan in order for the state to continue playing unemployment benefits .
In March , Perry turned down federal funds for unemployment benefits , despite the fact that Texas covers the smallest percentage of unemployed workers of any state in nation .
Perry said , “ This was pretty simple for us .
Keep things going like they ’re going in Texas .
We can take care of ourselves .
And we do not need any more strings from Washington attached to programs . ”
This week , Perry tried to play down the situation .
The governor said , “ This is nothing out of the ordinary .
We ’re following protocol that we put in place . ”
The problem for Perry is that the state ’s unemployment fund would have been replenished by $ 555 million of stimulus money that he rejected .
Advertisements
Perry ’s desire to use the stimulus as a reelection issue will now cost his state hundreds of millions of dollars that they could have gotten for free .
This is almost certain to come back and burn him in the tough primary challenge that he is set to face against Sen.
Kay Bailey Hutchison .
By trying to politicize the stimulus , Perry may have gone and gotten himself voted out of office .
All of Perry ’s political maneuverings going back to the tea party secession talk have been done in an attempt to get an upper hand on Hutchison , but voters to take kindly to having to borrow money that they could have had for free .
Much like Mark Sanford did , Rick Perry has completely bungled his opposition to the stimulus .
( H/T : Think Progress )
As the dream of most parents I had acquired a degree in Software Engineer and joined a company based in USA , the land of braves and opportunity .
When I arrived in the USA , it was as if a dream had come true .
Here at last I was in the place where I want to be .
I decided I would be staying in this country for about Five years in which time I would have earned enough money to settle down in India .
My father was a government employee and after his retirement , the only asset he could acquire was a decent one bedroom flat .
I wanted to do some thing more than him .
I started feeling homesick and lonely as the time passed .
I used to call home and speak to my parents every week using cheap international phone cards .
Two years passed , two years of Burgers at McDonald ’s and pizzas and discos and 2 years watching the foreign exchange rate getting happy whenever the Rupee value went down .
Finally I decided to get married .
Told my parents that I have only 10 days of holidays and everything must be done within these 10 days .
I got my ticket booked in the cheapest flight .
Was jubilant and was actually enjoying hopping for gifts for all my friends back home .
If I miss anyone then there will be talks .
After reaching home I spent home one week going through all the photographs of girls and as the time was getting shorter I was forced to select one candidate .
In - laws told me , to my surprise , that I would have to get married in 2 - 3 days , as I will not get anymore holidays .
After the marriage , it was time to return to USA , after giving some money to my parents and telling the neighbors to look after them , we returned to USA .
My wife enjoyed this country for about two months and then she started feeling lonely .
The frequency of calling India increased to twice in a week sometimes 3 times a week .
Our savings started diminishing .
After two more years we started to have kids .
Two lovely kids , a boy and a girl , were gifted to us by the almighty .
Every time I spoke to my parents , they asked me to come to India so that they can see their grand - children .
Every year I decide to go to India .
But part work part monetary conditions prevented it .
Years went by and visiting India was a distant dream .
Then suddenly one day I got a message that my parents were seriously sick .
I tried but I could n’t get any holidays and thus could not go to India .
The next message I got was my parents had passed away and as there was no one to do the last rights .
The society members had done whatever they could .
I was depressed .
My parents had passed away without seeing their grand children .
After couple more years passed away , much to my children ’s dislike and my wife ’s joy we returned to India to settle down .
I started to look for a suitable property , but to my dismay my savings were short and the property prices had gone up during all these years .
I had to return to the USA .
My wife refused to come back with me and my children refused to stay in India .
My 2 children and I returned to USA after promising my wife that I would be back for good after two years .
Time passed by , my daughter decided to get married to an American and my son was happy living in USA .
I decided that had enough and wound - up every thing and returned to India .
I had just enough money to buy a decent 2 bedroom flat in a well - developed locality .
Now I am 60 years old and the only time I go out of the flat is for the routine visit to the nearby temple .
My faithful wife has also left me and gone to the holy abode .
Sometimes I wondered was it worth all this ?
My father , even after staying in India , had a house to his name and I too have the same nothing more .
I lost my parents and children for just ONE EXTRA BEDROOM .
Looking out from the window I see a lot of children dancing .
This damned cable TV has spoiled our new generation and these children are losing their values and culture because of it .
I get occasional cards from my children asking I am alright .
Well at least they remember me .
Now perhaps after I die it will be the neighbors again who will be performing my last rights , God Bless them .
But the question still remains ’ Was all this worth it ? ’
I am still searching for an answer ................!!!!
God Bless everyone !!!
July 4 , 2009 — Patrick Zimmerman
Sita Sings the Blues : An Inspiration to Warm the Heart
Sita Sings the Blues is an astonishingly original 2008 animated feature film written , directed , produced and animated entirely by the American artist Nina Paley , primarily using 2 - D computer graphics .
Sita Sings the Blues was awarded the Cristal Grand Prix for Best Feature at the 2008 Annecy International Animated Film Festival and the Crystal Bear - Special Mention in the category of Best Feature Film at the 2008 Berlin International Film Festival .
Paley is also the producer of the highly acclaimed animated short films Fetch ! ( 2001 ) and The Stork ( 2002 ) , both of which I have posted earlier .
In his rave review of Sita Sings the Blues , Robert Ebert wrote :
“ To get any film made is a miracle .
To conceive of a film like this is a greater miracle .
How did Paley ’s mind work ?
She begins with the story of Ramayana [ an ancient Sanskrit epic , depicting the righteous duties of relationships , portraying ideal characters like the ideal servant , the ideal brother , the ideal wife and the ideal king ] , which is known to every school child in India but not to me .
It tells the story of a brave , noble woman who was made to suffer because of the perfidy of a spineless husband and his mother .
This is a story known to every school child in America .
They learn it at their mother ’s knee .
Paley depicts the story with exuberant drawings in bright colors .
It is about a prince named Rama who treated Sita shamefully , although she loved him and was faithful to him . ”
But there is another story told within the movie , a contemporary tale that runs parallel to the ancient epic of Ramayana .
In the film , we are introduced to an American couple living in San Francisco , young and in love , named Dave and Nina , and their cat , named Lexi .
They are deeply in love , but Dave flies to India in order to take a “ temporary ” job .
Nina longs to be with him and finally flies to join him in India .
However , while in India , he is abrupt and cold to her , and when she returns home to America she receives a cruel message : “ Do n’t come back .
Love , Dave . ”
Nina despairs and moves to a decrepit apartment in Brooklyn .
Cockroaches crawl all around her apartment , but she ’s so stricken with grief that she hardly notices them .
One day in her deepest gloom she picks up the book Ramayana and starts to read .
Inspiration begins to warm the cold embers of her heart .
In her autobiography , Paley reveals that her own then - husband “ terminated ” their marriage while he was still in India .
Paley ’s ex-husband has inspired a great cultural contribution .
Now , without broader distribution of the outstanding reviews for Paley ’s film , it does n’t initially come off as having the ring of box office gold :
An animated version of the epic Indian tale of Ramayana set to the 1920 ’s jazz vocals of Annette Hanshaw .
Once people read that , they ’re like : “ Uh , huh . ”
And if you were to read that description in a mailer sent to you by your local art house , would you drop everything and race through driving rain see it ?
“ Uh , uh . ”
But Paley was faced with an even greater obstacle when she tried to get “ Sita Sings the Blues ” licensed .
Partly because of the Annett Hanshaw musical soundtrack , licensors came back with the “ bargain ” estimate of about $ 220,000 .
It was simply not possible for her to acquire that kind of money , so instead Paley gave Sita Sings the Blues to her audiences .
Paley stated , “ Like all culture , it belongs to you already , but I am making it explicit with a Creative Commons Attribution - Share Alike License .
Please distribute , copy , share , archive , and show ‘ Sita Sings the Blues . ’ ”
The full version of Sita Sings the Blues is presented below in HD video .
The film is comprised of 10 parts ; at the end of each part , please click on the arrow at the bottom - right of the video to proceed to the next section .
Sita Sings the Blues is best viewed in HD and Full - Screen Mode .
The Full Movie : Sita Sings the Blues
( Click Arrow on Right Side of Video for Next Part )
Music : Annett Hanshaw Sings Mean to Me :
http://dl2.musicwebtown.com/disembedded/playlists/48421/2626619.mp3
( Click on Above Image to View the “ Sita ” Picture Book )
( Please Click Image to View Slide Show )
The full - length version of Sita Sings the Blues can also be viewed ( streaming and download H.264 .mp4 720 p 3 Mbps ) at WNET / thirteen.org
Please Share
This :
Troy Davis says he did not kill a policeman in Georgia in 1989
The US Supreme Court has ordered that a death row inmate should receive a new hearing to see if evidence not heard at his trial proves his innocence .
Troy Davis was convicted in 1991 of killing a policeman in the southern state of Georgia , but key witnesses have recanted their testimony .
In September the Supreme Court granted him a stay of execution hours before he was due to die from lethal injection .
His supporters include Pope Benedict XVI and US ex-President Jimmy Carter .
Lawyers for Davis said in their appeal that seven of nine prosecution witnesses had retracted their trial testimony .
The lawyers also said several new witnesses had identified or implicated a different individual as the person who killed police officer Mark MacPhail in a car park in 1989 .
Attorneys for the state of Georgia had argued that the appeal should be rejected .
They said each court that had reviewed claims by Davis had said he had failed to prove his innocence .
Conservative justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas dissented from the Supreme Court decision .
Justice Scalia said the Supreme Court was sending the federal judge in Georgia on a " fool 's errand "
But Justice John Paul Stevens , supported by Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen Breyer , said Justice Scalia was wrong .
" The substantial risk of putting an innocent man to death clearly provides an adequate justification for holding an evidentiary hearing , " wrote Justice Stevens .
Participants will have the opportunity to get involved with the free software community , and win some prizes !
If you have never considered contributing to a free software project before , or if you wanted to but had no idea where to start -- this is your chance !
Getting started is easy -- sign up for an account , create a profile , and pick something you 'd like to work on :
There are projects for both specific free software applications , as well as more general activism .
If you do not like any of those available , you can also create your own .
If you want , there are some ideas to get you started .
Regardless of what project you choose , you continue to receive help and support , via the GNU Generation wiki , mailing list and IRC channel .
Both programming and non-programming projects are available , and several projects can accommodate many different skill levels , so this is an ideal opportunity for new users of GNU / Linux to get involved .
At the end of each month , projects will be asked to contribute to a progress report , and the strongest contributor will be chosen to win a free t- shirt .
At the end of each year , the top contributor will win a GNU / Linux powered netbook !
Sign up now !
Do n't forget :
All free software projects are encouraged to help students while gaining new contributors !
No matter what kind of exercise you do – whether it ’s a run , gym workout or bike ride – you need food and water to fuel the effort and help you recover .
But what ’s the best time to eat before and after exercise ?
Should we sip water or gulp it during a workout ?
For answers , I spoke with Leslie Bonci , director of sports nutrition at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center and a certified specialist in sports dietetics .
She ’s also the author of a new book , “ Sports Nutrition for Coaches ” ( Human Kinetics Publishers , July 2009 ) .
Here ’s our conversation .
How important is the timing and type of food and fluid when it comes to exercise ?
I take the approach of thinking of food as part of your equipment .
People are not going to run well with one running shoe or ride with a flat tire on their bike .
Your food is just like your running shoes or your skis .
It really is the inner equipment .
If you think of it this way , you usually have a better outcome when you ’re physically active .
What ’s the most common mistake you see new exercisers make when it comes to food ?
There are two common mistakes .
Often somebody is not having anything before exercise , and then the problem is you ’re not putting fuel into your body .
You ’ll be more tired and weaker , and you ’re not going to be as fast .
The second issue is someone eats too much .
They do n’t want to have a problem , so they load up with food , and then their stomach is too full .
It ’s really a fine line for getting it right .
At what point before exercise should we be eating ?
I like it to be an hour before exercise .
We ’re just talking about a fist - sized amount of food .
That gives the body enough food to be available as an energy source but not so much that you ’ll have an upset stomach .
So if you ’re going to exercise at 3 p.m. , you need to start thinking about it at 2 p.m .
What about water ?
How much should we be drinking ?
About an hour before the workout you should have about 20 ounces of liquid .
It takes about 60 minutes for that much liquid to leave the stomach and make its way into the muscle .
If you have liquid ahead of time , you ’ll be better hydrated when you start to be physically active .
Can you explain more about what you mean by a “ fist - size ” of food ?
That ’s just a good visual for the amount .
It could be something along the lines of a granola bar .
I ’m not a fan of the low carb bars .
You need carbs as an energy source .
We ca n’t really just do a protein bar .
You want something in the 150 to 200 calorie range .
That ’s not enormous .
Maybe a peanut butter and jelly wrap cut into little pieces , a fist - sized amount of trail mix .
The goal is to put some carbohydrate in the body before exercise as well as a little bit of protein .
What if I ’m planning a long run or bike ride that ’s going to keep me out for a few hours ?
Should I eat more ?
If we put too much food in the stomach in advance of exercise , it takes too long to empty and that defeats the purpose .
We want something that will empty fairly quickly .
If you ’re exercising in excess of one hour , then you need to fuel during the exercise .
For workouts lasting more than an hour , aim for about 30 to 60 grams of carbs per hour .
We ’re not going to be camels here .
Some people use gels , honey or even sugar cubes or a sports drink .
Does the timing of your food after you ’re finished exercising make any difference ?
Post exercise , my rule of thumb , I like for people to eat something within 15 minutes .
The reason for that is that the enzymes that help the body re-synthesize muscle glycogen are really most active in that first 15 minutes .
The longer we wait to eat something , the longer it takes to recover .
If people are really embarking on an exercise program and want to prevent that delayed - onset muscle soreness , refueling is part of it .
Again , it ’s a small amount – a fist - sized quantity .
Low - fat chocolate milk works very well .
The goal is not a post - exercise meal .
It ’s really a post - exercise appetizer to help the body recover as quickly as it can .
You can do trail mix , or make a peanut butter sandwich .
Eat half before and half after .
Why is it that peanut butter sandwiches come up so often as good fuel for exercise ?
It ’s about having carbohydrate with some protein .
It ’s inexpensive and nonperishable .
That ’s a big deal for people , depending on the time of day and year .
They ’re exercising and they do n’t want something that will spoil .
Peanut butter is an easy thing to keep around .
What do we need to know about replenishing fluids as we exercise ?
Everybody has a different sweat rate , so there is n’t one amount of liquid that someone is going to need while they exercise .
Most people consume about 8 ounces per hour – that ’s insufficient across the board .
Your needs can range from 14 ounces to 40 ounces per hour depending on your sweat rate .
Those people who are copious sweaters need to make an effort to get more fluid in while they exercise .
I ’m a runner , and I can’t depend on water fountains , so either someone is carrying water or you bring money .
Store keepers always love that when you give them sweaty bills !
But nobody can be a camel .
If you are n’t taking fluid in you have a risk of heat injury and joint injury , and strength , speed and stamina diminish .
This is an important part of any training .
Put fluid back into the body during exercise .
Should we keep sipping fluids while we ’re exercising ?
How we drink can make a difference in how optimally we hydrate our body .
A lot of people sip liquids , but gulping is better .
Gulps of fluid leave the stomach more rapidly .
It ’s important to do this .
It seems counterintuitive , it seems like gulping would cause a cramp .
People are more likely to have stomach cramps sipping because fluid stays in their gut too long .
When you take more fluid in , gulps as opposed to sips , you have a greater volume of fluid in the stomach .
That stimulates the activity of the stretch receptors in the stomach , which then increase intra-gastric pressure and promote faster emptying .
This is why gulping is preferred .
Do you have any recommendations about the frequency of meals for people who exercise regularly ?
If you have breakfast , lunch and dinner and a pre- and post - exercise snack , that ’s at least five times a day of eating .
When people are physically active , anything under three meals a day is not going to be enough .
Homeland Security Still Plans To Search Laptops At Borders With No Probable Cause
from the ain't - no - due - process - at - the - border dept
You mostly store everything on your laptop .
So , unlike a suitcase that you 're bringing with you , it 's the opposite .
You might specifically choose what to exclude , but you do n't really choose what to include .
The reason you bring the contents on your laptop over the border is because you 're bringing your laptop over the border .
If you wanted the content of your laptop to go over the border you 'd just send it using the internet .
There are no " border guards " on the internet itself , so content flows mostly freely across international boundaries .
Thus if anyone wants to get certain content into a country via the internet , they 're not doing it by entering that country through border control .
" Keeping Americans safe in an increasingly digital world depends on our ability to lawfully screen materials entering the United States , "
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
There 's been plenty of concern over the past few years with regards to Homeland Security 's claims that it has the right to inspect the contents of your laptop at the border , even without any probable cause .
While it may be well established that the 4th Amendment does n't apply until you 're actually in the country , that does n't mean there are n't some serious questions raised .
I , like many others , have no problem with border searches of actual physical containers and luggage at the border .
That makes perfect sense , because it 's physical goods that you 're purposely trying to bring directly into the country .
You packed them with the specific idea of bringing them into the country .
But stuff on your laptop is different in two very important ways :
Thus , it makes little sense for border control to search the contents of your laptopif the gov't wants a random " free pass " at checking out some content about you .
DHS ' insistence that it needed the right to search laptops at the border made little sense , and some of our elected officials pushed out bills to curb such border searches , though none have passed .
Instead , the new head of DHS has " revised " the rules for laptop searches , but they 're only slightly better in that the old rules were " anything goes , " while the new rules are " we 're still searching laptops , but we have a few rules . "
The main components of the new rules are that you 're allowed to be present in the same room as your laptop , phone or device as it's being searched -- but not necessarily to see what border patrol is doing .
Also , they can't keep your laptop for more than five days , which seems pretty damn long to me .
Though , as some note , this basically means that you should make sure any encryption on your laptop takes more than five days to crack DHS boss Janet Napolitano 's reasoning for the searches is hardly compelling :
Um ... right , but , again , the contents of the a computer laptop can easily enter the United Stateswith no border control process whatsoever .
The whole claim that this hasto do with screening materials entering the US is totally bogus .
On top of this , the other thing that 's not at all clear is how far the " search " can go .
With a growing number of " cloud " based services in use , many of which act as if they 're local , can the border patrol search those as well ?
For example , I use Jungledisk , which gives me a virtual drive that shows up in my file system as if it were a local hard drive , even though it 's hosted in some data center somewhere .
It looks like a local drive ... but it 's not actually on my laptop .
Would border patrol have the right to search that , even though the contents of that drive areactually traveling across the border ?
Filed Under : border search , homeland security , laptops
Nighttime raids and mandatory jamming devices curb North Koreans ' already limited access to foreign media .
SEOUL — Authorities in North Korea are launching a campaign to have jamming devices installed in the home of anyone with a television or radio in a bid to block news reaching its citizens from foreign broadcasters .
As part of supreme leader Kim Jong Il ’s “ 150 - day Campaign ” aimed at mobilizing North Koreans and boosting production , the North Korean authorities are expanding a crackdown on those who listen to overseas news , according to a defector group in South Korea .
North Koreans manage to gain limited access to foreign media broadcasts despite increasing interference from the isolated Stalinist state , and growing numbers are viewing or listening to media from rival South Korea .
The authorities are conducting an increasing number of nighttime inspections of households to crack down on those watching foreign TV or videos or listening to foreign radio broadcasting . "
Defector
While channels are fixed on North Korean television sets , they have proved easy to alter , allowing access to South Korean programming .
Defectors at the Seoul - based nongovernment group , North Korea Intellectuals Solidarity , said authorities in Pyongyang had issued a directive that all households in these areas have to purchase and install a radio jamming device .
“ If people listen to foreign broadcasting , the legitimacy of the official line and the official ideology is in jeopardy , ” one defector , a North Korean computer science expert with in - depth knowledge of the media environment , said in an interview .
“ That is why the authorities are going to great lengths to crack down on listening to foreign broadcasting , and that is why they are implementing the rather extreme measure of making it compulsory to install miniaturized jamming devices in each household in areas that are likely to have better reception of foreign broadcasts . ”
One factory named
He said another directive appeared to have been issued , instructing North Koreans to buy only televisions manufactured at the Daedong - kang Factory in Pyongyang , and that no one should own a television set without a jamming device .
“ Since the reception is better in the coastal and border areas , the miniaturized jamming devices are installed free of charge , but deeper inside North Korea households are required to purchase and install the devices , ” the defector said .
Officials were telling people that the device would improve reception , and that manual tuning would no longer be necessary with the device installed , he said .
“ As they proceed with the ‘ 150 - day Campaign , ' the North Korean authorities are cracking down on foreign visual , printed , or recorded material , ” the defector said .
“ People are now required to have their televisions , radios , and audio or video recorders registered . ”
He added : “ The authorities are conducting an increasing number of nighttime inspections of households to crack down on those watching foreign TV or videos or listening to foreign radio broadcasting . ”
Technologically trained defectors said the devices were fairly low - tech , cheap to produce , and easy to install .
Growing audience
Some experts say as many as 20 percent of citizens in the isolated Stalinist state could now be tuning into overseas media .
A 2005 survey of 300 North Korean defectors in South Korea found that 18 percent had come into contact with South Korean media while still in North Korea .
South Korean videos are popular in North Korea , entering the reclusive country mainly through China .
South Korean television drama VCDs and tapes are copied and distributed inside North Korea .
North Korea , one of the world 's most reclusive and tightly closed countries , tightly controls its own media and prohibits all but the most elite from accessing foreign media .
Punishment for anyone caught listening to foreign media is severe .
But nongovernmental organizations say a brisk trade exists nonetheless in smuggled DVDs from China and South Korea .
One report in 2008 suggested police were routinely cutting electricity to blocks of residential flats and then raiding them to see what DVDs had been jammed in the players .
Original reporting in Korean by J.W. Noh .
Acting Korean service director : Francis Huh .
Translated by Grigore Scarlatoiu .
Written for the Web in English by Luisetta Mudie .
Edited by Sarah Jackson - Han .
Mannequins wait for the next step in production at Fusion Specialties in Broomfield , Colorado April 28 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Rick Wilking
BERLIN ( Reuters Life ! ) - Wannabe Latin lovers can improve their technique by playing with the erogenous zones of naked mannequins at a new interactive exhibition that has now opened in Berlin .
The “ Amora sex academy ” that opened in Berlin on Thursday welcomes visitors with the wry slogan , “ Finally -- an exhibition for those who always have to touch everything . ”
More than 50 interactive displays guide visitors through the intimate areas of the male and female bodies , offering helpful tips on everything from striptease to oral sex and how to achieve a perfect orgasm .
“ A lot of couples come in here together to learn something , ” said Uta Barkow , the manager of the Beate Uhse sex chain which is hosting the academy .
“ It ’s been very well received so far .
A lot of exhibits have that ‘ aha ’ effect on a lot of people . ”
The show features several life - sized plastic models , naked and in various positions .
One female mannequin light ups when touched in the right spot .
A voice shrieks “ That ’s it ! ” when the visitor manages to put his finger on the elusive G - spot .
Next to it is what the museum called its “ Spank - o - meter . ”
It measures the level of pleasure a mannequin receives when spanked with a leather whip .
“ So far we ’ve had just as many women in here as men , ” Barkow said .
“ Women coming in tend to have fewer inhibitions while the men tend to be a bit more embarassed . ”
The museum also shows film clips of various sexual positions , including the “ Italian chandelier ” that the viewer learns can burn up to 920 calories per hour .
Founded by Frenchman Johan Rizki , the sex academy opened in London earlier this year and is also due to come to Barcelona .
DOM flickering occurs when you hide elements using JavaScript and there ’s a noticeable delay between the page being loaded and the element actually hiding .
This usually happens because you ’re handling the removal upon the onload event ; this is generally a bad idea – this event will not fire until everything has loaded , including images !
It ’s considered better practice to use one of the various domReady abstractions available .
Unfortunately , this wo n’t always work either , especially with large DOM structures !
One method I ’ve been using recently to avoid the flicker is to add a class to the body element as soon as it exists , thereby making it possible to affect the styling of these elements before they even exist within the DOM !
An example :
<!-- SIMPLIFIED --> < html > < head > < style type = " text/css " > body.js .nojs { display : none ; } < / style > < / head > < body > <!-- BODY element exists ! --> < script > document.body.className += ' js ' ; < / script > < div class = " nojs " > ...
No flicker !
< / div > < / body > < / html >
Or , more cleanly :
<!-- SIMPLIFIED --> < html > < head > < style type = " text/css " > html.js .nojs { display : none ; } < / style > < script > //
Add class to < html > element document.documentElement.className += ' js ' ; < / script > < / head > < body > < div class = " nojs " > ...
No flicker !
< / div > < / body > < / html >
How do you solve the “ flicker ” problem ?
Thanks for reading !
Please share your thoughts with me on Twitter .
Have a great day !
“ I am primarily an impressionist oil painter , inspired by nature and still life . ”
Print reporters in DC complained today that Obama is slighting their Very Serious Reporting by talking to TV journalists and diminishing their Very Important Role by speaking to bloggers .
Of course , that ’s what Obama has been doing since he started running for the office .
In fact , Obama ’s communication strategy has always been to find a way around the Village filter .
This is nothing new , but now the Very Serious Reporters are threatening to get more “ adversarial ” about it .
As if they were n’t already :
How to get to France
We have lots of ways to help you get to your campsite in France .
With a huge choice of ferry operators and routes - not to mention Eurotunnel , taking your car to France has never made more sense .
Look out for recommended ports and distances on the parc pages , and book your crossing online as part of a ferry - inclusive package , or do n't forget that our holiday advisors are always happy to offer advice about the best route to take or to answer any questions about your French camping holiday .
If you 're travelling further in France , we can also help you to find the best fly - drive option to get you there .
Check the ‘ flight recommendations ’ section on parc pages for details of who flies from your nearest airport to the nearest airport (s ) to the parc .
Once you ’ve booked your accommodation , we can then link you to Skyscanner so that you can check availability and book flights .
Alternatively , you can call us to book your flight - inclusive holiday .
How oak death spores survive baffles scientists SUDDEN OAK DEATH
UC Berkeley researcher Catherine Eyre collects samples inside the Peninusula Watershed along PiIarcitos Creek San Mateo , Calif. on Wednesday July 22 , 2009 .
The rhododendron leaves are used as hosts to collect spores over a period of three week which are then analyzed and tested for sudden oak death .
less UC Berkeley researcher Catherine Eyre collects samples inside the Peninusula Watershed along PiIarcitos Creek San Mateo , Calif. on Wednesday July 22 , 2009 .
The rhododendron leaves are used as hosts to collect ... more Photo : Michael Macor , The Chronicle Photo : Michael Macor , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close
How oak death spores survive baffles scientists 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
The tree - strangling pathogen that causes sudden oak death is baffling scientists even after 14 years on its trail .
The latest puzzle for sleuths in the field and laboratory is how the microscopic misfit manages to survive in waterways after all known sources and hosts have been removed .
Ten creeks , streams , drainage ditches and holding ponds in six states have been contaminated by the disease causing organism , known scientifically as Phytophthora ramorum , mostly as a result of irrigation runoff from nurseries , according to scientific papers released at a recent symposium .
The mysterious pathogen has also been found in Crystal Springs Reservoir in San Mateo County and nearby drainages in the vicinity of infected and dying oak trees .
In several cases , the pathogen has persisted in the water , according to scientists , despite the fact that all runoff was halted , infected material was removed and the surrounding area was fumigated .
The most troubling case is in Humboldt County , where two streams tested positive for spores tracked to a nearby nursery .
The creek is at least a mile away from the nursery and there is no hydrological connection between them and no way for runoff to reach the stream .
" It is a completely baffling thing and it is very frustrating , " said Yana Valachovic , a forester with the University of California Cooperative Extension Program out of Eureka .
Difficult to stop it
The findings raise serious questions about how one can stop a microbial disease that gets more mysterious the more scientists learn about it .
Millions of dollars in state and federal money have been spent trying to understand the disease and stop its spread , but the spores keep spreading and trees keep toppling .
Sudden oak death , first discovered in Mill Valley in 1995 , has killed tens of thousands of oak trees from Big Sur to southern Oregon .
The pathogen infected hundreds of nurseries around the country in 2004 after diseased ornamental plants were shipped from Monrovia Growers in Azusa ( Los Angeles County ) .
Spreads through water
Arborists and ecologists are afraid that sudden oak death could eventually denude California 's golden hills of its signature tree .
It has been known for some time that Phytophthora ramorum spreads in water .
After the 2004 Monrovia debacle , the U.S. Department of Agriculture 's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service ordered testing of water and waterways near infected nurseries .
Since then the pathogen has been detected in waterways near nurseries in Florida , Georgia , Alabama , Mississippi , Washington , North and South Carolina .
But it was the case in Humboldt County that stood out .
Scientists were baffled in February when ramorum spores were discovered in Mill Creek in McKinleyville , 13 miles north of Eureka and 45 miles north of the nearest infested forest .
Mill Creek is 2 miles south of Widow White Creek , where inoculum from the pathogen was detected in 2006 and 2007 .
Neither stream has any vegetation around it that is known to carry the pathogen .
Transfer a mystery
Infected plants were found in a nursery between the two creeks in 2004 , 2006 and 2007 , but scientists cannot figure out how the spores got into the streams .
Mill Creek is on a coastal bluff north of the Humboldt Bay watershed at least a mile away from the nursery .
" There is some connection that I do n't understand , " Valachovic said .
" The genetics match with the nursery , so it appears that it originated in that nursery .
How it got to the stream is undetermined . "
Researchers with the Forest Pathology and Mycology Laboratory at UC Berkeley are trying to find answers at the Crystal Springs Reservoir .
Catherine Eyre , a post - doctoral researcher with the lab , said sporangia from the disease have been found in the water in at least half of the 14 sites tested this year in and around the reservoir , which supplies drinking water to millions of people in San Francisco and the Peninsula .
" We 're looking at how far the pathogen can travel and how long it can survive , " said Eyre , adding that the spores are not dangerous to humans .
" This is important because it could be one of the ways it is spreading around the state . "
About The Author Jen Gordon is a designer , writer and founder of mobile design training site , Tapptics .
She teaches Idea People how to make apps and how to create beautiful and … More about Jen Gordon …
How To Create Your First iPhone App ( 2012 Edition )
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Update : 01/10/2012 : The original version of this article by Jen Gordon was published in August 2009 .
It was thoroughly revised and updated by the author and published in September 2012 .
Update : 01/10/2012 : The original version of this article by Jen Gordon was published in August 2009 .
It was thoroughly revised and updated by the author in September 2012 .
— Editorial Team
Since the iTunes App Store launched in 2008 , over 500,000 apps have been approved by Apple , and thousands more app ideas are scrawled on napkins across the world every day .
But question remains , how can a person with limited technical skills create an iPhone app ?
Be sure to check out our previous articles :
The good news is anyone can make an iPhone app , it ’s just a matter of knowing the series of actions you need to take to make it happen .
Be sure to bookmark this article because it will serve as a guide for learning the process for creating your first iPhone app , going step by step from idea to the App Store .
What Is Your Goal ?
The first thing to look at when embarking on any product development or entrepreneurial venture is your goals for the project .
Having a vision of what you want to achieve at the outset is an important barometer that will confirm whether the development process is heading in the right direction .
Let ’s look at an example .
Jim is an “ idea person ” who wants to create an app that brings in passive income but that does n’t require him to quit his day job .
Jim understands that to achieve this goal , he will need to employ others who can do the work of updating the app , fielding customer questions , responding to feature requests , etc .
If Jim had n’t defined this goal in advance , it ’s likely that he :
would not have planned in advance to hire help ,
would be unhappy with the time commitment required for him to take on the work personally .
Whether you ’re an individual like Jim , a marketing director , or an IT professional creating apps for internal use , having a project goal will help make your app development process a success .
Here are some examples of project goals :
Create an app that does n’t require hands - on day - to - day management .
Create an app that becomes a full - time business for me and a team .
Create an app that promotes my existing product or service .
Create an app that is purely for fun and not for profit .
Action item : Write down the goal you hope to achieve by creating this app .
What Are Your Expectations ?
When I consult with people who have ideas for iPhone and iPad apps , the question they most frequently ask is , “ How much can I expect to make ? ”
Unfortunately , this is difficult to answer .
The following factors are unique for each application :
Cost to produce ,
Popularity ,
People responsible for managing its success .
All of these factors contribute to the financial success of your app .
Base your expectations on this knowledge and on the documented proof that a wide variety of people are making profitable apps every day :
Non-technical “ idea people ” and entrepreneurs such as the Gabi founders ;
Independent developers such as Lima Sky and Driftlab ;
Educators such as Montessorium ;
Writers such as Sarah Young ;
Mid-size entertainment companies such as Electronic Arts and Zynga ;
Large sports and entertainment companies such as MLB and Disney .
Realistic revenue projections will be different for each app , but here ’s an example :
ABC application will show a profit of 10 % in the first 60 days after launch , based on the success of XYZ application , which has a similar user base and functionality .
Individuals and companies alike are creating apps to solve problems and to entertain , and yet the process of making apps is still cloaked in mystery .
Next , we ’ll look at what goes on behind the scenes of an app ’s creation and give you a step - by - step process for making your own idea a reality .
Where Do I Begin ?
Good advice on where to start is different today than it was two years ago , when you could launch an app without much promotion and still have a fair shot at getting seen .
Today , App Store competition is fierce , and dozens of new high - quality apps are being launched every day .
This competitive environment means that ideas must be evaluated and refined to achieve maximum success in the App Store .
Have your idea evaluated .
“ Evaluating ” anything in which you are not an expert is difficult .
For example , if someone had an idea for an innovative design for a child ’s car seat , would that person be qualified to evaluate their own idea ?
Probably not .
They would need to seek out the advice of someone who knows the child car seat niche .
That expert would shed light on how to make the idea even better based on their specialized knowledge of the industry .
The app world is no different , and a variety of people are qualified to evaluate ideas :
i Phone app marketing professionals .
These people have specialized knowledge of how their clients ’ apps have performed in the App Store , as well as of promotional techniques that do and do n’t work .
.
These people have specialized knowledge of how their clients ’ apps have performed in the App Store , as well as of promotional techniques that do and do n’t work .
i Phone app developers
Many successful indie developers are committed to serving their community .
If you humbly approach these folks for advice , in my experience most are more than happy to help review your idea .
Personal connection .
Do you know someone personally who has created and launched an app ?
Take them out for lunch and have them give feedback on your idea .
What will an evaluation do for me ?
When you get an expert opinion on your idea , you find out the following :
Whether the product will have competition that will be tough to beat ;
Whether the idea has any technical limitations ;
How to take a phased approach to the development process ;
Whether you can refine the idea in other ways to increase sales opportunities ;
Whether the idea could be profitable based on your ballpark estimate of production costs ;
Whether the idea is a good fit for the mobile context ;
Whether your target audience could provide useful feedback on the idea .
This is the type of information you want to gather from an expert reviewer .
Once you ’ve met with someone who can give you this kind of feedback , you can move on to the next steps of the project with confidence in the viability of your idea and that your goals can be met .
What if I ca n’t find someone to evaluate my idea ?
If you ’re having difficulty finding an expert to provide an opinion on your idea , ask yourself whether these success factors apply to your app :
Does your app solve a unique problem ?
People want to be able to do a lot of things while on the go .
Successful apps often solve a problem that is unique to the mobile context .
People want to be able to do a lot of things while on the go .
Successful apps often solve a problem that is unique to the mobile context .
Does the app serve a niche ?
Find a niche with ardent fans ( pet lovers , for example ) , and create an app that caters to it .
Find a niche with ardent fans ( pet lovers , for example ) , and create an app that caters to it .
Does it make people laugh ?
This is a no-brainer .
What happens with funny apps ?
They get shared — a lot .
This is a no-brainer .
What happens with funny apps ?
They get shared — a lot .
Are you building a better wheel ?
Are there existing successful apps that lack important features or design elements ?
This is tricky because those developers might already be working on such enhancements .
But if you get to market first , you have a good shot .
Are there existing successful apps that lack important features or design elements ?
This is tricky because those developers might already be working on such enhancements .
But if you get to market first , you have a good shot .
Will the app be highly interactive ?
Let ’s face it : most of us have the attention span of a flea .
Successful games and utilities engage the user by requiring a lot of fast - paced interaction .
Action item : Have your idea evaluated .
Step 1 : Develop A Monetization And Marketing Plan
“ Wait a second , are n’t we supposed to be drawing prototypes and stuff ? ”
Actually , not yet .
The next step before moving into any kind of design or development is to figure out how your idea will generate a profit !
“ Why is this so important ?
Ca n’t I do it later ? ”
You could , but AppPromo surveyed 102 developers and announced in its report that :
80 % are NOT generating enough revenue with their app to support a standalone business .
It ’s fair to assume that a great portion of that 80 % also did n’t develop a monetization or marketing plan prior to developing their app .
Read tap tap tap ’s blog to see how companies like it do their homework .
The results speak for themselves :
Here ’s what you have to look forward to if you do not consider monetization strategies before developing your app :
“ OMG I ’ve got this great idea ! ” Sketch , sketch , sketch .
Design .
Develop .
“ I think I ’ll charge 99 ¢ .
See how that goes . ”
Launch .
“ Woo hoo ! ” “ Uh oh .
Why are n’t people paying 99 ¢ ?!? ”
App plummets into App Store black hole .
“ Maybe I should make it free ? ! ? ”
“ Crap !
Where ’s my developer ?
I need to fix the app , change the way it makes money , because 99 ¢ is n’t working ! ”
“ OK , the app is fixed , with a new way to make money .
How am I going to get my ranking back up ? ”
Not pretty , but a very real scenario .
If you want a step - by - step guide to avoiding the chaos of a pricing disaster , consult my “ App Monetization Guide . ”
Action item : Develop a monetization plan .
Step 2 : Sign Up For A Developer Account
Even if you will be hiring out the development work , you will need to establish your business within the App Store .
To do this , visit the iOS Development Center , and sign up for an account .
It ’s $ 99 for a year and requires that you provide the tax and bank account information of your business or yourself .
Have this information handy before signing up .
Large view .
The only reason not to sign up for a developer account would be if you ’re OK with having your app published under another person or company ’s account and brand .
If that is the case , then know that Apple would pay all revenue to the account holder ’s bank account .
That account holder would then be responsible for paying you .
Action item : Open an iOS developer account .
Step 3 : Sketch Your Application
If you have an idea already , then you likely have some visuals in mind for how the app would look and work and the information it would present .
You do n’t have to be an artist to sketch a rough interface , so start putting your ideas down on paper .
Before you begin , ask yourself :
What primary action will users take within the app ?
What information will each screen need to present ?
What is the flow ?
How will users get from start to finish ?
How big should the elements on screen be relative to each other ?
Sketching your layout can be simplified with the right tools .
( Image : Cultured Code )
You may find during this process that some fresh ideas come to mind that simplify the flow or that add a creative twist to the interaction design .
Try to keep your original concept in mind without blocking the flow of new ideas !
Create at least one thumbnail sketch for each screen in your application .
Experiment with various navigational schemes , the copy on buttons and the flow between screens .
If you want to transfer your sketches into digital format , iPlotz is a good tool to check out .
The purpose of sketching your application ’s screens is to build a foundation for the next phase of the project .
If you ’re an entrepreneur and are outsourcing the bulk of the project ’s work , then you would show these sketches to the design and development team in order to get a price estimate .
Action item : Sketch out all screens of your app .
Step 4 : Identify The Work To Be Outsourced
What skills do you bring to the table ?
Are you a designer whose brain objects to Objective C? A developer who could n’t design their way out of a paper bag ?
Or simply an individual with an idea they ’d like to bring to market ?
When you create an iPhone application , you ’re starting a small business .
It is difficult for one person to play the role of researcher , project manager , accountant , information architect , designer , developer , marketer and advertiser .
Can you do it all ?
Of course you can , but you would be wasting a lot of time , energy and sanity in the process .
Based on the following list of required skills , define the areas where you would be comfortable taking the lead and where you would need to hire help :
Design ,
Programming ,
Promotion and marketing .
In most cases , the least expensive way to produce your application would be by hiring freelance contractors .
While your costs would be lower , your role as project manager would become more prominent .
You would spend more time managing the moving parts of the project .
Also , when working with freelancers , remember to have them sign a non-disclosure agreement or at least an employment contract , with details on the scope of their work , your expectations and payment terms .
Another option is to hire an agency or development firm to handle a large chunk of the production .
In this scenario , the agency would be charged with managing the project , and your role as client would be to review and approve its work .
Working with an agency is a good option if you have a larger budget and less time to dedicate to the production process .
Action item : Identify your role and the roles of those you hire .
Step 5 : Hiring Your Team
In step 4 , you defined which roles need to be outsourced in order to produce the app .
Now it ’s time to learn exactly what each of those roles will do and where to find people for your team .
Design
If you are a designer , download my “ iPhone App Template , ” a big collection of iPhone UI elements .
These Photoshop files will save you a lot of time getting started on the design .
To learn more about mobile design in general , these websites provide a lot of great resources :
If you ’re not a designer , then you should know that design breaks down into three roles : information architecture , interaction design and visual design .
Finding one person with all of these skills is possible , but know that the design process calls for three distinct deliverables .
If you ’ve got your sketches , then you have everything you need for a designer to get started .
Information architecture .
In case you ’re familiar with the Web design process , “ information architecture ” as it relates to mobile is very similar .
If you ’re not familiar with the term , it simply means “ organizing the content in your app . ”
.
In case you ’re familiar with the Web design process , “ information architecture ” as it relates to mobile is very similar .
If you ’re not familiar with the term , it simply means “ organizing the content in your app . ”
Interaction design .
Have you ever used an app that you did n’t need any instruction to operate ?
One in which the flow was so intuitive that you barely noticed the interface ?
It was n’t by accident .
This is the job of the interaction designer , someone who sorts out how the user will move from screen to screen to accomplish their task .
Be sure to hire a designer who has skill in this area .
.
Have you ever used an app that you did n’t need any instruction to operate ?
One in which the flow was so intuitive that you barely noticed the interface ?
It was n’t by accident .
This is the job of the interaction designer , someone who sorts out how the user will move from screen to screen to accomplish their task .
Be sure to hire a designer who has skill in this area .
Visual design .
Visual design is the final step in the design process .
It is the “ skin ” that overlays the controls for the app .
The visual design can be as simple or as complex as you want ; the key is to focus on the usability and primary task of the app .
Try to find a designer who has experience designing for mobile devices .
They will have some good feedback and suggestions to improve your sketches .
A few places to look for designers :
When posting your job offer , be very specific about your requirements , and be ready to review a lot of portfolios .
Development
If you are an Objective C or Cocoa developer , then crack open Xcode and get started !
Join a few forums if you have n’t already :
Developer Forums , Apple
i PhoneSDK , Google Group
StackOverflow
If you are not a developer , then get your developer on board as you ’re lining up the designer .
Speaking with a developer sooner than later will help you scope a project that is technically feasible and within your budget .
Finding a developer
Using the sketches you ’ve drawn up , compose a specification document that describes in writing what your app does and for whom .
This document , along with your sketches , is what you will share with the developer to get a time and cost estimate .
Having a document like this also ensures that you will be able to hire a developer who has the skills necessary to produce the app .
If you provide specifications for a game app to a developer who does n’t have game development expertise , they will be able to quickly tell that the project is n’t a good fit .
Here are a few places to look for developers :
Upwork
They Make Apps
Elance
Any of the forums listed above for designers
Submitting your app to the App Store Your developer can also help you submit your application to the App Store .
Clearly communicate the launch date of your app to the developer .
Nothing is more detrimental to an app ’s success than an unexpected or poorly planned launch .
To learn more , read Apple ’s “ App Store Review Guidelines . ”
Also , you might want to check Average App Store Review Times and unpublished rules and clarifications from Apple ’s App Review team that can cause your iPhone app to be rejected .
Marketing and Promotion
If a tree falls in the forest and nobody is around to hear it , does it make a sound ?
Apps can sit in the store unnoticed very easily .
Do n’t let this happen to you .
Be ready with a plan to market your app .
In fact , be ready with many plans to market your app .
Be ready to experiment because some ideas will work , and others wo n’t .
Strategies for marketing and promotion :
Incorporate social media . .
Think about how your app could incorporate social media , and build that functionality into it .
At a minimum , set up fan pages for your app on Facebook and Twitter , and use them as platforms to communicate with users and get feedback .
The developers of Angry Birds and Instagram do a good job of engaging users on Facebook .
.
Think about how your app could incorporate social media , and build that functionality into it .
At a minimum , set up fan pages for your app on Facebook and Twitter , and use them as platforms to communicate with users and get feedback .
The developers of Angry Birds and Instagram do a good job of engaging users on Facebook .
Pre -launch promotion .
Start building buzz about your app before it launches .
Email journalists and bloggers who write about things related to your app .
The more relevant your app is to their niche , the better your chances of getting written about .
Some outlets to consider : TUAW ( The Unofficial Apple Weblog ) Macworld TouchArcade
.
Start building buzz about your app before it launches .
Email journalists and bloggers who write about things related to your app .
The more relevant your app is to their niche , the better your chances of getting written about .
Some outlets to consider : Plan for multiple releases . .
Do n’t pack your first release with every feature you want to offer .
Create a dream list , and design the app so that it can accommodate all of these features in the future .
Then periodically release new versions of the app to boost sales .
.
Do n’t pack your first release with every feature you want to offer .
Create a dream list , and design the app so that it can accommodate all of these features in the future .
Then periodically release new versions of the app to boost sales .
Other sources of app marketing ideas : “ Indie iPhone App Marketing , ” Chris Hulbert , Splinter Software Mobile Marketer Mobile Marketing Watch “ App Store Marketing , ” Linked In group
Action item : Find freelance or agency contractors to fill the roles for design , development and marketing .
Conclusion
Transforming something as intangible as an idea into a tangible , playable , enjoyable app is an exciting venture .
The most important takeaway for anyone looking to create their first iPhone app is to focus on hiring the right team to help bring your idea to fruition and to help maintain the app over time .
If you are an app developer with advice to share with first - time creators , please share in the comments below .
Good luck and have fun !
A week after the election of Barack Obama as the 44th president of the United States , the chief of his transition team , John Podesta , served notice that the president would make good on his campaign promise of change in the area of ethics .
In a statement , Mr. Podesta said :
President - elect Barack Obama has pledged to change the way Washington works and curb the influence of lobbyists .
…
During the campaign , federal lobbyists could not contribute to or raise money for the campaign . …
[ T ]he president - elect is taking those commitments even further by announcing the strictest , and most far reaching ethics rules of any transition team in history . ”
Presumably , that means President Obama wishes to end the pay - to - play philosophy that pervades the practice of politics .
Well , he ’s got some explaining to do , because what he promises is not always what he does .
Case No. 1 : Yes , the president said he ’d nominate some of his financial backers as ambassadors .
But the number ’s growing .
According to the Center for Responsive Politics :
President Obama announced another 10 names for ambassadorships last week , and in doing so , he awarded another set of big donors and bundlers with plum positions representing U.S. interests abroad .
The new nominees for ambassadors to Belize , Belgium , Liechtenstein , Romania and Switzerland — along with their spouses and dependent children — have contributed at least $ 637,800 to federal candidates , parties and committees since 1989 , CRP has found .
Nearly that entire sum has gone to Democrats , including $ 32,775 to Obama himself and $ 8,300 to former primary opponent and now - Secretary of State Hillary Clinton .
These individuals also brought in at least $ 1.1 million for Obama ’s presidential bid as bundlers , and at least another half - a- million as bundlers for his inauguration .
To date , this brings the contribution histories of Obama ’s ambassador nominees to roughly $ 1.8 million in donations since 1989 .
The 19 ambassadors that CRP has found in our campaign contribution database , along with their spouses and children , have given more than $ 98,200 to Obama personally , bundled at least $ 3.4 million for his 2008 presidential run and bundled another $ 1.4 million for his inauguration .
Do these nominations transgress on his promise of change ?
Well , these people paid — and now they get to play .
To be fair , however , presidents have rewarded financial backers with ambassadorships since the birth of the Republic .
Let ’s wait a bit and see how his record stacks up against the nomination histories of Presidents Bush I and II and Clinton .
But President Obama ’s nominations of financial backers are troubling in light of his promise of change .
Case No. 2 : Jeff Zeleny , a White House correspondent for The New York Times , reported this earlier this week :
When President Obama arrived at the Mandarin Oriental hotel for a fund - raising reception on Thursday night , the new White House rules of political purity were in order : no lobbyists allowed .
But at the same downtown hotel on Friday morning , registered lobbyists have not only been invited to attend an issues conference with Democratic leaders , but they have also been asked to come with a $ 5,000 check in hand if they want to stay in good favor with the party ’s House and Senate re-election committees .
The practicality of Mr. Obama ’s pledge to change the ways of Washington is colliding once more with the reality of how money , influence and governance interact here .
He repeatedly declared while campaigning last year that he would “ not take a dime ” from lobbyists or political action committees .
So to follow through with that promise , Mr. Obama is simply leaving the room .
[ emphasis added ]
I have written about campaign finance for years .
I never expected any politician , including President Obama , to live up to any promise to curb the influence of money in politics .
Is he following the letter or spirit of his promise of change with regard to political money ?
Or has he merely developed a system of sidesteps to maintain the appearance of sticking to a promise ?
Does this matter ?
Should we care that the president of the United States promises reform over the influence of money in politics but balks at bold , transparent steps to achieve it ?
Yes , on both counts .
Surely he will seek re-election .
Recall , please , that presidential candidates in the 2008 cycle spent $ 1.8 billion .
That ’s more than double the $ 883 million presidential candidates spent in the 2004 cycle .
Is there any reason to believe — with out - of - power Republicans wanting back in and a Democratic president seeking re-election — that the cost of the 2012 election wo n’t be twice as high as 2008 ?
President Obama will need a boatload of bucks .
He may philosophically wish to curb the influence of money in politics , but he will continue to be ruled by the need for the money to maintain power … as his opponents will be in their attempts to regain power .
On the president ’s “ Ethics ” page at the White House website , this phrase is repeatedly used : “ in the spirit of transparency … ” So far , it ’s mere fiction .
He will continue the charade of “ stepping out of the room ” because he needs the money .
Ca n’t say I blame him … but I expected better .
" It certainly appears that all the injuries were blunt force trauma to the upper bodies and to the heads of the victims . ''
Police were speaking to members of the Chinese community and relatives of the victims , including the parents ' daughter who is returning to Sydney .
He described the murders as " a terrible tragedy ' ' .
" It is extraordinary , it 's extremely violent and certainly unusual in my experience to have this many people murdered on one occasion . ''
However , he does not believe there is any reason for concern among neighbours of the victims .
" We 're open minded but we believe it was quite targeted and whilst I certainly understand the concern amongst the local community I do n't believe there 's any reason for undue concern at this point in time . ''
Initially , when police found the bodies of the two boys and two women at the home in Boundary Road , North Epping , they thought the victims had been killed in a domestic incident .
But when Mr Lin 's body was found in a bedroom with serious head injuries , police realised they were dealing with the murders of five people .
The bodies of two of the deceased were found by a female relative who arrived at the home shortly after 9.50 am to inquire why the family had not opened their Rawson Street newsagency at Epping Shopping Centre .
A police chaplain was at the scene yesterday to comfort the struggling officers .
" Any incident like this is upsetting for any police officer , " he said .
A police chaplain was at the scene yesterday to comfort the struggling officers .
" Any incident like this is upsetting for any police officer , " he said .
On May 27 , Mr Lin had been a witness to an armed robbery on a Chubb armoured van outside the Epping Club , across the road from his newsagency .
However , police are uncertain whether the two crimes are linked and are investigating whether the family were the victims of an extortion demand or a violent home robbery .
Police stood guard at the family 's newsagency yesterday , where a sign was posted on the front door simply saying " Closed due to family circumstance " .
Shopkeepers in the adjoining Rawson Street Arcade said they were stunned upon learning of the tragedy .
Deli owner Rege Mousakhani could not understand why it had happened .
" People were queueing up waiting to get their paper and nobody came to open the shop , " he said .
" They seemed very happy .
They 've had the business at least five years .
He had good money .
It was a good business .
I do n't understand . "
Loading Mr Mousakhani said Mrs Lin's younger sister was employed at the newsagency and that his wife also worked with her husband .
" He seemed happy but they never spoke much .
They would come into my shop and buy sweets and food . " with AAP
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The Food and Drug Administration on Tuesday warned consumers to stop using certain Zicam nasal cold remedy products , saying they can cause users to lose their sense of smell permanently .
Zicam Cold Remedy Nasal Gel and two other products are the subject of a new FDA warning to consumers .
The agency says that since 1999 , it has received more than 130 reports of loss of smell associated with Zicam Cold Remedy Nasal Gel ; Zicam Cold Remedy Nasal Swabs ; and Zicam Cold Remedy Swabs , kids size .
The products have been linked to long - lasting or permanent loss of smell called anosmia .
In some cases , the loss of smell occurred after the first dose .
" Loss of sense of smell is a serious risk for people who use these products for relief from cold symptoms , " said Dr. Janet Woodcock , director of the FDA 's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research .
" We are concerned that consumers may unknowingly use a product that could cause serious harm , and therefore we are advising them not to use these products for any reason . "
Watch Dr. Sanjay Gupta report more on Zicam »
The popular homeopathic medications are sold over the counter and aimed at reducing the severity and duration of cold symptoms .
The FDA says consumers should stop using the products immediately .
The agency has sent Matrixx Initiatives , which makes Zicam , a warning letter telling it the products can no longer be marketed without FDA approval .
Health Library Health A - Z : Common cold
A number of lawsuits have already been filed against Matrixx over the products .
On its Web site , however , Matrixx says the allegations are " unfounded and misleading . "
The company contends that " there is no known causal link between the use of Zicam Cold Remedy nasal gel and impairment of smell .
No well - controlled scientific study has demonstrated a potential cause - and - effect relationship between the use of Zicam and diminished smell function .
No court cases have revealed any reliable evidence of any causal relationship . "
The FDA says consumers experiencing any loss of smell or taste after using nasal products that contain zinc should contact their physician .
All About Common Cold • Food and Drug Administration
There is no making something out of nothing .
Rather , something from something , somebody from someone .
We believe in a way of life based on the free exchange of ideas , in which books have and will continue to play a central role .
Devices like Amazon 's are trying to determine how people will interact with books , but Amazon 's use of DRM to control and monitor users and their books constitutes a clear threat to the free exchange of ideas .
That is why we readers , authors , publishers , and librarians demand that Amazon remove all DRM , including any ability to control or access the user 's library , from the Kindle .
Amazon 's assurances that it will refrain from the worst abuses of this power do not address the problem .
Amazon should not have this power in the first place .
Until they give it up they will be tempted to use it , or they could be forced to by governments or narrow private interests .
Whatever Amazon 's reasons for imposing this control may be , they are not as important as the public 's freedom to use books without interference or supervision .
( h/t David )
Boy oh boy , look at all of the patented Frank Luntz - crafted GOP talking points the Fox " Power Panel " ( * cough , cough * ) can regurgitate to sabotage the public option :
It wo n't work !
You 're stealing from Grandma and Grandpa !
We 're taxing HALF A TRILLION DOLLARS to pay for it !
We 're putting an unfair burden on small business owners !
You 'll have less choices !
Rationed care !
Congress will decide what health care services you 'll get !
Doctors will make less money !
Oy .
The list goes on and on , and even the weakest tea representing the left side of the aisle -- Juan Williams -- thinks they 're bordering on ridiculous :
WILLIAMS : Boy , these are scare tactics we ’re hearing this morning .
KRISTOL : But wait a minute .
WILLIAMS : “ Oh , we ’re going to take away the Medicare people . ” ( CROSSTALK ) WILLIAMS : “ Oh , we ’re going to tell you you ca n’t have a hip replacement . ”
This is -- this is wild .
But one thing you hear from the White House is if you like your doctor , if you like your insurance plan , you ’re going to be able to keep it .
( CROSSTALK ) INGRAHAM :
But then we heard the stimulus is going to work .
LIASSON : That does n’t mean they ’re going to pay for everything that ...
WILLIAMS : No. LIASSON : ... people want .
That ...
WILLIAMS : It does n’t mean -- but it -- it certainly does not mean that we have to resort to these scare tactics .
INGRAHAM : Do you think , Juan ...
WILLIAMS : The only reason that we hear these scare tactics this morning is because people say , “ You know what ... ”
INGRAHAM : Juan , do you actually think ...
WILLIAMS : “... stay with the status quo . ”
The American people are n’t buying this .
I 'll clue you in , Juan .
When you have NOTHING to justify your side -- because we have the highest per capita spending and the worst outcomes off all Western nations -- then all you have to fight what is right , moral and small d democratic is to scare the crap out of people .
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
PELOSI : Our goal is a healthier America .
And again , Congress is moving with comprehensive health reform that provides affordability , accessibility , quality .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
WALLACE : That was House Speaker Pelosi this week making her pitch for health care reform .
And we ’re back now with Laura , Mara , Bill and Juan .
So after struggling for months to come up with a way to pay for this health care package , House Democrats have decided to raise income taxes on the wealthy again -- a $ 550 billion tax increase on anyone making over $ 280,000 a year .
Laura , how is -- how does that strike you both in terms of policy and politics ?
INGRAHAM : Oh , it ’s typical .
It gives the Republicans an opening , like , “ Every time you could just cut spending or offer market alternatives , you go instead to the old liberal standby of raising taxes . ”
Raising taxes in a difficult economy -- I think a bad move .
I think a lot of Democrats , even conservative Democrats , on Capitol Hill are worried about that .
Look , I think what you ’re seeing with this health care debate is perfectly dovetailing from what we just discussed in the -- in the economy panel on the stimulus .
If the president does n’t have credibility on managing this economy , it ’s going to be much more difficult for them to get this health care reform through .
You ’re seeing that happen now .
A lot of people are saying , “ Look , how about the old Hippocratic oath ?
First , do no harm .
Do no harm to our health care system . ”
And a lot of people are worried about that .
WALLACE : But , Mara , politically , is n’t it better to tax the rich than to tax the middle class , particularly when ...
LIASSON : Yes .
WALLACE : ... you ’re going back on a presidential pledge ?
LIASSON : Yes .
Yes .
Yes .
The president promised many , many times not to raise taxes by a single dime on anyone making $ 250,000 or less .
That ’s a promise that would be -- that would have political consequences to break .
So would passing a health care bill that borrows the money to pay for it .
So they ’re scrambling to find some way to come up with the money , and I think that this will not be the final solution .
The Senate has to come up with its own , you know , pay - fors .
But this is the way the House is going to get a bill out and passed .
The big question , I think , is in the Senate .
I mean , the Senate Finance Committee , which has been struggling mightily to get a bipartisan bill , has n’t been able to come up with a solution to the financing question .
They wanted to tax benefits .
There was a lot of pushback from Democrats on that and from the public .
Polls show that was -- that was very unpopular .
Why ?
Because nobody has any idea what their health care costs are worth .
I mean , could you tell me how much your health care package is worth ?
I could n’t .
Now , the idea is that people who get these gold - plated Cadillac plans worth $ 17,000 , $ 20,000 a year are getting them tax - free .
We ’re subsidizing those people .
And almost any expert you can talk to say that ’s just bad policy .
But you know , when you start asking people to pay for it , that ’s a problem , too .
So I think they ’re still struggling with this .
And the president has said also this bill has to be deficit neutral , and that ’s what they ’re going to have to come up with .
WALLACE : Bill , I want to go back , though , because this is -- looks like what the House of Representatives is going to pass -- that they ’re going to pay a half -- they ’re going to pay for basically half of the plan through savings and the other half through a surtax on the rich -- a half a trillion dollar surtax on the rich .
Just as a philosophical issue , if universal health care is a national moral commitment , why should everyone making less than a quarter of a million dollars a year get a free pass ?
KRISTOL : Well , they should n’t .
But I mean , the idea of raising taxes this amount in a recession is crazy .
I mean , he -- here ’s the question I think one could ask .
Why is this health care plan a good idea ?
And whose health care is going to get improved by this proposal ?
Maybe the uninsured .
Maybe the uninsured .
That ’s not so clear .
And for this , we ’re going to have a half a trillion dollar tax increase and $ 400 billion of cuts to hospitals and doctors on the reimbursement side , which is not a trivial thing , incidentally .
Doctors and hospitals are n’t living high off the hog , and the government wants to cut those .
So I think this will make health care in America -- we ’re going to pay more and get worse health care .
I mean , I really think the plan is now totally nuts , basically .
If you want to help the uninsured purchase insurance , there are plenty of ways to do it , through tax ...
WALLACE : Such as ?
KRISTOL : ... deductions , subsidies -- direct subsidies to people ...
LIASSON : Well , they ’re trying to pay for the subsidies .
KRISTOL : No , that ’s not ...
LIASSON : They have to find money to pay for the subsidies .
KRISTOL : No , but they ’re ...
INGRAHAM : No , it ’s much bigger than that .
KRISTOL : It ’s much bigger than that .
It ’s much -- there are plenty of Republican plans .
Bush had a plan .
There were plans in the past to help people pay for the subsidies .
The idea that you ’re going to put a -- I do n’t think it will pass , incidentally .
This House of Representatives will not have enough Democratic votes to pass a $ 540 billion tax increase .
WILLIAMS : Here ’s the reason why it will pass .
It ’s not that the uninsured are the prime target here .
It ’s the cost that the average American family , when they have medical problems , when they go to the doctor -- say , “ This costs too much . ”
When they have to pay for the prescription drugs , “ This costs too much . ”
People are concerned about cost .
So in -- it ’s true that the uninsured are a concern , but it ’s a secondary concern for most American families and most American voters .
KRISTOL : So to help most American families pay for it , you ’re going to put a huge tax increase on ...
WILLIAMS : No , what they want ...
KRISTOL : ... small businesses ?
WILLIAMS : ... what they want is they want this health care system to be reformed in some way that will allow them to properly predict costs , much as business is in line .
You ’ll notice the insurance companies , the hospitals , the doctors -- they ’re not attacking the Obama administration here .
They ’re trying to negotiate .
They ’re trying to work this out .
They ’re not simply saying no .
They just want something that works , because if you look at the polls -- and since we ’re talking politics , let ’s look at the polls -- it ’s overwhelming .
The American people prefer Barack Obama to the Congress or Republicans when dealing with health care .
WALLACE : Laura ?
INGRAHAM : Woah , woah , woah , woah .
The polls are all over the place on this .
One thing people -- if people want , quote , “ reform ” as a generic matter -- but people also do n’t want to have fewer choices in health care .
They do n’t want their current employer - funded health care to go away .
A lot of people are concerned that that will have to go away if there is this public option .
One thing that we know about this -- one thing we know is that Medicare -- and Bill touched on this .
Part of this -- half of this -- these cuts are going to come from Medicare cuts .
That goes directly to the elderly .
That goes directly to people who ’ve paid into this system their entire lives .
They ’ve worked very hard and now we ’re going to tell , you know , grandma and grandpa , “ Well , sorry , the choices that -- the choices that you ’re going to have as far as treatments are going to be curtailed , ” and they will be , “ because Medicare cuts , which are already cut back , are going to cut back further . ”
WALLACE : Let me -- let me bring ...
INGRAHAM : That hurts the elderly .
WALLACE : Let me bring Mara into this .
You hear growing concern from congressional moderate Democrats .
The Senate talks about not meeting the time - lining of getting a bill before the August recess .
Is the overall Obama health care plan -- is it gaining or losing momentum ?
LIASSON : I think you ’d have to say this week was a difficult week when it lost some momentum .
I think the White House has done an incredible job of making health care in general , in the abstract , seem inevitable , that it was going to pass this year .
And it ’s also true that we ’ve never been closer .
In other words , the Clintons did not get to this point where actual bills were about to be voted out of committee .
So they have gone farther than any other administration has in the past , but I think it ’s hitting a lot of big obstacles , and the president is going to have to step in .
Up until now , he ’s laid down his principles , let everybody in Congress kind of work out the details , but hard choices , difficult choices that are painful , are going to have to be made , and he ’s going to have to make them .
KRISTOL : I think it ’s not going to -- nothing ’s going to pass .
I mean , it ’s -- the whole plan depends on believing that a bunch of bureaucrats in Washington , based on their studies of comparative effectiveness , are going to sit there and tell you , “ That 75 - year - old person who wants a hip replacement , sorry . ”
“ Mr. Physician , you think this thing ... ”
INGRAHAM : Rationed care .
KRISTOL : “... you think you need -- you think you need another MRI to treat your patients , sorry . ”
That ’s what the plan is .
That ’s what the plan -- the heart of the plan is rationing .
The Congress is not going to pass it .
WILLIAMS : Boy , these are scare tactics we ’re hearing this morning .
KRISTOL : But wait a minute .
WILLIAMS : “ Oh , we ’re going to take away the Medicare people . ”
( CROSSTALK )
WILLIAMS : “ Oh , we ’re going to tell you you ca n’t have a hip replacement . ”
This is -- this is wild .
But one thing you hear from the White House is if you like your doctor , if you like your insurance plan , you ’re going to be able to keep it .
( CROSSTALK )
INGRAHAM : But then we heard the stimulus is going to work .
LIASSON : That does n’t mean they ’re going to pay for everything that ...
WILLIAMS : No .
LIASSON : ... people want .
That ...
WILLIAMS : It does n’t mean -- but it -- it certainly does not mean that we have to resort to these scare tactics .
INGRAHAM : Do you think , Juan ...
WILLIAMS : The only reason that we hear these scare tactics this morning is because people say , “ You know what ... ”
INGRAHAM : Juan , do you actually think ...
WILLIAMS : “... stay with the status quo . ”
The American people are n’t buying this .
INGRAHAM : Juan , do you actually think services are not going to be more rationed than they are today ?
WILLIAMS : I would imagine that some ...
INGRAHAM : Do you actually think there are going to be more choices in health care after this ?
WILLIAMS : Not more choices , but I think there has to be some choices , because ...
INGRAHAM : Made by whom ?
WILLIAMS : ... the American people understand that if you ’re running G.M. , for example , that it runs you into ...
INGRAHAM : We are running G.M .
WILLIAMS : ... bankruptcy when you ca n’t afford to pay the health care costs of your workers .
INGRAHAM : Who ’s going to be making the choices ?
WALLACE : Well , thank you , panel .
I ’m glad to see that we solved another problem here on a Sunday morning .
Greetings Welcome to Dom's
How - To Make Kefir and Recipes in - site Page Contents HOW TO PREPARE TRADITIONAL MILK KEFIR
In dedication to ... The Abode of the Friendly Microbe ... Kefir Grains !
This web page explains how to culture traditional dairy - milk kefir , including water kefir and other non-dairy kefir - related beverages .
The following culture - products are cultured with kefir grains .
Most of these products , which include Kefir d'erba medica , Kefir d'uva and Kefir d' pollin were developed by yours truly .
A recipe for preparing the infamous water - kefir or Kefir d'acqua is also represented .
In addition , details for experimental and alternative methods for preparing kefir are shared here also .
A simple method for preparing a chemical free natural liquid detergent for washing and cleaning is also forwarded .
Included are some or my kefir recipes .
If you wish to know what kefir grains are , and what kefir is , then please visit one of my other web pages , specifically Dom 's All About Kefir in - site for details .
Links to all my web pages are found at the bottom of all my web pages , to make it easy to find a topic of interest to you .
I hope you enjoy the journey and the culture - art of preparing and enjoying authentic traditional kefir including other interesting ferments , along with the few individuals who do among the masses .
We are a rare breed , increasing in numbers by the second .
Welcome to the wild herd of Feel - Goodness sake !
RECIPE for TRADITIONAL MILK KEFIR Ingredients / Utensils For 2 -cups of Milk Kefir 1 to 2 tablespoons milk Kefir - Grains .
To obtain kefir grains please go here to my kefirpage
3 to 4 - cup clean glass jar with lid .
Nylon or stainless steel mesh strainer and spoon .
Wide bowl to strain kefir into , and a clean sealable bottle to store the kefir .
2 cups fresh milk [ Suitable milk types -- Raw non-pasteurised or pasteurised whole milk , fat - reduced , non -fat milk .
Goat , Cow , Sheep , Buffalo , Camel and Mare 's milk .
I prefer fresh , raw whole goat or cow 's milk in that order of preference ] .
COMMON METHOD for MAKING MILK -KEFIR
Place fresh kefir grains in clean glass jar .
It is wise to mark the out side wall of the jar with a permanent marker or an elastic rubber band , to indicate the volume of grains put in the jar .
As your kefir grains increase over future batches , it shall be easy to tell the portion of grains to remove , for that portion will go above the mark .
The removed portion are your excess , or spare kefir grains .
These may be blended with kefir to amplify the probiotic and therapeutic value of kefir when consumed .
Alternatively , use spare grains to brew other interesting , healthy culture - products , mentioned bellow and throughout this site .
See Links to all my Web Pages at the bottom of this page [ all my web pages have those same links to each other , so you can find a topic ] .
Add fresh milk , place lid on jar , gently stir contents and let stand at room temperature for about 24 hours , or until the product thickens or sours to your liking .
Designate a spot away from direct sunlight for kefir fermentation , in a cupboard e.g .
Do not fill the fermenting jar more than 3/4 , otherwise the milk will overflow after some hours of fermentation .
If the jar is sealed airtight , a slightly carbonated kefir results .
Kefir is mostly prepared with the lid ajar , so that gas produced through fermentation is allowed to escape .
It is usually best not to ferment for too much longer after the kefir shows signs of thickening , or separation seen as small pockets or layers of a pale - yellow liquid [ whey ] .
Otherwise a sourer kefir results , and quite likely with separation becoming more prominent as 2 layers consisting of a thick white curd with whey at the bottom of the container .
Note that this is not a bad thing , but it can make straining more difficult , and some folks may find it too sour for their palette .
Pour contents into a strainer and strain the kefir into a suitable container to separate the kefir grains from the liquid - kefir .
Wash the fermenting jar and reuse the kefir grains for a new batch by repeating the whole process .
What you 've strained is kefir , or liquid - kefir .
Store the liquid - kefir in a clean airtight sealed bottle .
Kefir may be consumed right away , or better still , store in a sealed bottle and refrigerate for a day or two before served chilled .
Another option is to ripen liquid - kefir at room temperature for a day or more , preferably under airlock .
It can then be refrigerated for longer storage or served as you wish .
1 to 2 days storage in the fridge or ripened at room temperature improves flavour and increases nutritional value .
Vitamins B 6 , B 3 and B 9 [ folic acid ] increase during storage , due to bio -synthesis of these vitamins mostly by yeasts of kefir grain organisms .
See section bellow Storing Kefir and Reducing Lactose for complete details about the ripening process , including ripening under airlock , which is by far the best method for maturing kefir .
To prevent damaging your kefir grains , never add kefir grains to a hot jar straight after washing the jar with hot water !
First add fresh milk to the jar before adding any kefir grains .
It 's wise to make this a habit .
Now , you too are a Kefir - Meister .
KEFIR FERMENTED for 24 & 48 HOURS
The kefir in the photo is brewing as per the common method explained above .
Just prior straining , the contents is gently stirred to mix together curds and whey -- those layers or pockets consisting of a thick white mass [ curds ] and pale yellow liquid [ whey or to be more precise kefir - whey ] .
The colour of kefir - whey can vary .
It may be similar as shown in the photo , or it can be a clear solution with little to no colour .
Kefir - whey may even have a light - green hue .
This depends on culture - factors , and the same milk may produce variable coloured whey .
Stirring the kefir right before straining makes straining a little easier .
It usually gives the strained kefir better consistency .
During fermentation , I gently rock the jar for about 5 seconds when ever I get a chance .
This is done after the first 8 hours of fermentation .
This action feeds the microflora of kefir grains by bringing lesser fermented milk to the kefir grain - organisms , while at the same time , inoculates portions of milk with the organisms that leave the surface of the grains .
NOTE
The particular batch in the photo demonstrates the natural coagulation of milk through fermentation of kefir at 24 and 48 hours at about 22 °C [ 71 °F ] room temperature .
The ratio of grains - to - milk is about 1 part grains to 7 parts milk by volume [ 1 : 7 ] .
This ratio is given as a general guide , for kefir may or may not coagulate exactly as shown in the photo , under similar conditions and volume of milk .
Curd - character and appearance can certainly vary .
Milk quality , the nature and the activity of the grains at that particular point in time , including temperature or season has much to do with the outcome .
This particular batch is quite creamy .
Observing the curd for small pockets of whey , tells me it 's ready to strain .
Kefir can often turn out having a gritty mouth - feel .
This may usually occur during mid-season , as the organisms are adapting to change in temperature [ the microflora is trying to find its feet ] .
However , kefir with a gritty mouth - feel is not impaired in regards to health - benefit and nutritional value .
Texture and consistency has more to do with the drinking pleasure of the beverage , and the majority of folks seem to prefer kefir with a smooth , creamy consistency .
My experiments show that if the temperature can be maintained constantly between 20° to 22°C , the best creamy smooth flavour , texture and consistency of the resulting kefir should prevail in each batch .
A 2 - cup glass jar with non-agitated kefir [ kefir that 's left undisturbed ] fermented for 1 day at room temperature .
At this point , most of the kefir grains are at the top of the kefir , and the kefir is cultured right through .
This is when the kefir is ready to be strained in order to separate the grains from the liquid - kefir .
The grains are then used to make a new batch of kefir .
Note those small pockets of whey [ pale yellow liquid ] among a mass of thick white curd .
The grains in this batch were quite large , like walnuts .
Curds initially form around each grain because milk is initially fermented at the surface of each kefir grain , moving away from the grain into the surrounding milk .
This is due to greater populations of organisms on the surface of each grain [ greatest culture - activity ] .
Misleading information on the internet explaining Kefir - Whey as being Kefiran * Recently , I came across misleading information in regards to the separation of milk into kefir - whey and curds through fermentation of milk with kefir grains to produce traditional kefir .
Some folks selling kefir grains are suggesting that the clear liquid [ whey ] is solely kefiran released from kefir grains into the milk .
This is completely incorrect .
The pale yellow or clear coloured liquid is simply whey , or kefir - whey in the case of kefir .
Although kefir - whey does contain some kefiran , for kefiran is water soluble , however , by no means is it pure kefiran .
The process of fermentation creates acidity , which causes the milk protein to separate [ precipitate ] from solution as a thick , white mass [ casein or curd ] , among a clear , liquid solution [ kefir - whey ] .
So no whey is kefir - whey solely kefiran .
To prove this , try this easy experiment , which many folks are probably already aware of .
Add about 1
Tbs of an acidic liquid such as vinegar or lemon juice to 1 - cup of warm fresh milk and note the spontaneous separation of curds and whey after a gentle stir .
No kefir grains here to produce kefiran -- yet , we have a clear solution separate from a mass of thick , white curds .
In fact , we 've just made fresh cheese !
We best move on quick from here though , otherwise Little Miss Muffet who sat on a Tuffet , shall eat her curds and whey and before we can say EUREKA !
A little black spider might sit down beside her !
Yes , what we have here is what the Little Miss Muffet ferry tale is about , curds and whey .
STRAINING KEFIR
Once kefir has fermented to your liking , it 's time to separate the kefir grains from the liquid - kefir .
This is best achieved by first placing a strainer over the open mouth of a wide container , and then pour the whole contents into the strainer .
To help satisfy those who wish to use plastic or utensils mad from natural fibre , two types of strainers are shown in the photo , a plastic strainer [ far left ] and a hand - woven cane cheese - basket [ far right ] .
Please see below for details regarding the types of strainers suitable for straining kefir .
After straining , the grains are placed back into a pre-washed fermenting vessel , without rinsing the grains .
Fresh milk is added to the grains to culture the following batch .
As a buffer , a portion of fresh kefir from the previous batch , may be included along with the fresh milk plus kefir grains to prepare the following batch .
This process in known as continuous fermentation , and it is how kefir was traditionally prepared in the Caucasus .
Prior to adding fresh milk , a portion of previous kefir was always left in the leather bag containing the grains .
Although this is not essential to do , but a method often I use .
It helps by instantly reducing pH of the fresh milk that is added , which will inhibit unwanted organisms that may be present in the fresh milk .
The strained kefir is either consumed right away , or stored in a sealed container and kept in the refrigerator , or ripened at room temperature for a few days .
Please see below for details regarding storing and ripening kefir , which is important if you want the best from your kefir .
FRESHLY STRAINED KEFIR
As one can see from the photo , kefir is a culture - milk beverage .
Kefir has a creamy consistency , a slight to moderate sour refreshing taste with a very subtle carbonated tang .
Kefir is easy to prepare and it may be cultured to your liking .
Fermenting for a shorter period produces a less sour kefir .
Longer fermentation produces more sourness , including using larger amounts of kefir grains .
Experimentation is encouraged , and lends itself well to kefir making !
Kefir-curds have both a smaller surface area , and a smaller surface tension than yogurt .
This renders kefir easier to digest , making it excellent as food for both adults and toddlers .
[ 1 ]
Kefir is also a nutritional aid and may be safely consumed before , during and after pregnancy and throughout lactation . .
TYPES OF STRAINERS
For those who prefer not to use plastic strainers for straining kefir , bamboo or cane or stainless steel strainers are quite acceptable to use .
Such utensils are available from Asian stores in Chinatown etc. and the strainers may come rendered in various shapes and sizes .
The woven basket [ front bottom right ] is one that my late grandmother made by hand many years ago back in her native county , Italy .
This handwoven cane basket was traditionally used to prepare fresh cheese and ricotta by my late grandmother and my mother in a small Italian village , where the family lived a life of self - sufficiency .
The basket makes an excellent natural strainer .
The photo also demonstrates some types of plastic and plastic - enamelled metal strainers available from cookware suppliers , K - mart or Wal - mart etc .
Note the blue pasta colander [ middle top of picture ] , which is also suitable for straining kefir .
However , this type of colander is best used with larger kefir grains , for small grains will pass through the slots , and in no time you 'll lose all your kefir grains .
Notes
When using bamboo or cane straining utensils to strain kefir , after each use , wash the utensil with hot water and set aside to dry .
Bamboo or cane strainers may be sterilized with boiling hot water .
One may also wash the natural fibre utensil with either a friendly detergent or with wood - ash lye water before first initial use [ See section below this page for details ] .
Please read this at my Kefir FAQ in - site with tips for straining kefir .
There are 2 animations of the straining process to show how easy it is to strain kefir , without rupturing a Hernia , or busting a gut string , as we say here in the land of the never - never down - under [ Australia ;-]
METAL OBJECTS and KEFIR GRAINS
Myth ?
Fanaticism ?
Fact ? or all the above ?
This section is dedicated to the debate regarding kefir grains coming in contact with metal utensils .
It is suggested that kefir grains should not come in contact with any metal object .
This suggestion is made for both milk kefir - grains and water kefir - grains , or sugary kefir - grains [ SKG ] .
This has become a firm suggestion with myth surrounding the claim , to the point that some folks have taken a strong stand to support this , without further argument -- fanatical in fact .
The suggestion that kefir grains should never com in contact with metal may be for a few practical reasons .
Most importantly , this was quite valid regarding milk kefir - grains in the early 1900s , when the natural mother - culture was first introduced to the rest of the world .
Back in those days , many home utensils such as sieves , spoons and pots were not made of stainless steel , a reasonably non-reactive metal .
Because milk kefir - grains are naturally acidic , the organic acids that are part of each kefir grain readily react with reactive metals .
The important question is , which metals are reactive in the process of making and storing kefir ?
The answer is copper , brass , zinc , iron and aluminium are common reactive metals .
If milk kefir - grains or kefir come in direct contact with any utensil made from any of the above , metallic ions of that particular metal can leach onto the grains , or into the kefir , where liquid - kefir is stored in containers made from any of these reactive metals .
Daily long term ingestion of minute amounts of any heavy metal ion accumulate in the body , and can reach toxic levels .
However , stainless steel is quite inert and kitchen utensils such as sieves , spoons and bowls made from stainless steel are quite suitable for kefir making or for storing either water kefir or milk kefir .
However , I personally would not use stainless steel containers to brew or store kefir , but rather use glass containers , for glass is the most inert , non-reactive material .
On the other hand , sugary kefir - grains [ SKG ] are non-acidic , so there is little to no reaction when SKG come in direct contact with reactive metals .
There were no stainless steel utensils readily available when milk kefir - grains were first introduced to the rest of the world in early 1900s .
In this case , it was quite feasible that folks were warned that kefir grains or kefir should not come in direct contact with any [ reactive ] metal utensil of the day , such as brass , copper or iron strainers , spoons or bowls etc .
This would have been to protect the consumer , and not that such metals would impair the quality of kefir grains , as has been claimed by fanatics .
However , today , stainless steel kitchen utensils are readily available , so this claim is not as applicable as it once was [ taking into account utensils made from reactive metals ] .
An Added Note for Further Interest or Debate .
Under the right conditions , certain metals produce an electric current [ electricity ] in the presence of an acid .
This is the principal behind lead - acid batteries , such as a car - battery produces and stores electricity [ lead and lead - dioxide metal plates submerged in sulfuric acid ] .
In the case with milk kefir - grains , electrons passing through the microflora , due to small electrical current passing through the media when kefir grains are placed in a reactive metal strainer , may have been thought would interfere with respiration of certain organisms e.g. , interfering with the entering into the Electron Transport System [ ETS ] in the Mitochondria of aerobic organisms of kefir grains .
Please note that this does not mean that this is the case , but simply a possibility behind why the claim or myth of not letting kefir grains come in direct contact with metal , came about .
This is apart from the fact that kefir will become contaminated with metallic ions where kefir is cultured , strained or stored in utensils made from a reactive metal .
Have you ever experienced a week electrical current felt as a subtle metallic taste on the tongue , when you put a metal spoon or fork in your mouth ?
This week electrical current produced is also the case when placing milk kefir - grains in a metal strainer , or where grains are held in a metal container as an example .
A small electrical current is produced when kefir is stored in metal containers [ including stainless steel pots and sieves ] .
As an example , 4 cups of milk kefir stored in a stainless steel bowl produced 150 milli-volts at 30 micro-ampere .
In fact , a greater electrical current was produced , when kefir grains were placed in a stainless steel sieve [ 100 gm milk kefir - grains sitting in a large stainless steel sieve , produced 250 milli-volts at 50 micro-ampere ] .
Under these conditions , such electrical currents * could have been thought would effect the microflora regarding ETS , as explained above .
More valid though , is the effect of electrolysis , which is what leaches metal ions from reactive metal objects such as copper , into the kefir itself .
If such metallic elements are ingested regularly over time , the metal accumulates in the body , and long term exposure could reach toxic levels for the individual .
One other point ; the mesh of metal strainers can cut into the delicate surface of SKG , which cause unnecessary damage , where SKG can break up into small pieces .
Although this does not kill or impair SKG as such , but one can lose amounts of any small piece which easily pass through the mesh .
However , this is quite unlikely to occur . *
There is no evidence to claim stainless steel strainers , spoons or other stainless steel utensil will damage or interfere with the microflora of kefir grains .
We 've used stainless steel strainers to strain kefir for years on end without any evidence to suggest that the grains or the microflora are impaired in any way what so ever .
Unpublished research has shown that culturing kefir - grains in a variety of metal containers , the grains increased more efficiently , compared to a control group .
In this research , brass and aluminium [ including plastic ] containers were used as fermenting vessels .
It concluded that culturing kefir grains in milk in brass containers , provided slightly better results in grain growth .
However , this research did not evaluate whether or not culturing in metal containers as those mentioned , effected the rhythm of the microflora of kefir grains , or the liquid - kefir .
Please note that this experiment was performed for research purpose !
It is strictly unsafe to use either brass , aluminium including copper , sliver , zinc , and iron containers to either culture kefir , or , for storing kefir grains or liquid - kefir intended for consumption !
Neither is it safe to use strainers made from any of those reactive metals to strain kefir !
The statements above are my personal findings and views unless stated otherwise .
This topic is mainly expressed here in this fashion , for possible further debate , of for a better understanding .
Especially to try and dispel a common myth that strongly suggests kefir grains should not come in contact with any type of metal .
Stainless steel utensils are quite satisfactory and safe .
If one could use natural utensils e.g. , cane or bamboo strainer and wooden spoons , then one may experience an appreciation of maintaining a relationship closer to nature .
The Zen of Kefir Making , perhaps ?
For FAQs about kefir , please go to Dom's Kefir FAQ in - site
ABOUT RINSING KEFIR GRAINS
In the past , and very likely to this day , when a person receive their first kefir grains , they were or are instructed to rinse their grains with water before they are used to make a new batch of kefir , just as I was instructed back in late 1978 when I procured my first batch of grains .
In my research however , I came to understand , traditional kefir grains were never rinsed between each milk change by the tribes - folk of Caucasus [ the original kefir masters ] .
In fact , early research suggests that rinsing milk kefir - grains interferes with the rhythm of the microflora found on the surface of the grains , due to how the organisms are arranged [ 1 ]
Most of this research was performed in the former USSR [ 2,3 ] during a period where kefir grains were used in the production of commercial kefir in that country including Poland , Ukraine and other countries .
However , this is no longer the case in Russia and other countries , for today commercial kefir is made with artificial starters , instead of traditional kefir grains .
Rinsing kefir grains came about probably not long after the mother - culture was introduced to the rest of the world in early 1900s , possibly due to concerns of weed microorganisms settling on the grains because of lack of understanding of the culture 's protective abilities .
However , the robust nature and antagonizing properties of the microflora , and possibly the physics behind the grains , are effective inhibitors against the growth of weed organisms .
Because of the how the microbes are arranged over the surface of the grains , rinsing with water or fresh milk many of the wanted organisms are removed .
Leaving lesser counts of essential organisms on the surface of the grains , may encourage weed organisms due to less competition .
So it appears that microbe - phobia got the better of those who began this campaign , and also those who continue to rinse their kefir grains , or instruct others to do so .
I am able to exploit the protective property of kefir organisms , by implementing kefir as a natural preservative for preserving fresh foods in solutions containing as little as 10 % kefir or kefir - whey , with exceptionally good results .
As long as utensils are kept clean and raw ingredients are fresh and of good quality , rinsing kefir grains is not at all necessary .
I try to leave intact on each kefir grain , as much of the water - soluble polysaccharide kefiran produced by the microflora of milk kefir - grains .
The kefiran dissolves in the fresh milk and is found in greater quantity than if the grains were rinsed .
When an amount of kefiran is readily available in fresh milk , increases the potential of inhibiting unwanted organisms including molds during fermentation of milk to produce kefir .
Furthermore , kefiran is probably the most beneficial component of kefir on health , and rinsing the grains before adding them to fresh milk , decreases the amount of kefiran found in the finished kefir .
In Caucasus the grains were continually left in the leather bag , and not all the kefir was completely removed from the bag due to the crude method of straining used by the tribe - folk of this particular area where kefir originates .
Amounts of previous kefir would always be present in the leather bag [ as an acid buffer ] , before adding more fresh milk to the bag containing kefir grains .
This is known as Continuous Fermentation .
With this , the pH of the freshly added milk is instantly acidified [ to about pH 5 ] , and a hastened fermentation that follows , more effectively reduces the pH even further , which undoubtedly was most favourable for inhibiting unwanted weed organisms in their kefir .
Due to my research , I no longer rinse my kefir grains , as I used to do many years ago , because I was instructed to do so by the kind person who gave me the first amount of kefir grains .
However , on the rare occasion , and only when necessary I fast my milk kefir - grains by soaking them in sterile water for a day .
I find that this method is most effective in keeping kefir grains clean and healthy .
The water - based compound solution strained from water - fasted milk kefir - grains , which I have come to name Kefiraride , has many practical applications , including the preparation of natural cosmetics , correct and control thrush [ Candida albicans yeast infection ] , to increase the growth of sugary kefir - grains , to prepare a kefiran - rich yogurt , kefiran - rich kombucha , in bread making and making other baked goods , in making pancakes , ice - cream making , and the list goes on .
Please go to my Kefir FAQ in - site for tips and recipes for Kefiraride [ see FAQ 18 ] .
EXCEPTIONS TO THE NO - RINSING RULE
There are exceptions to any rule , including the no-rinsing rule , for sometimes rules are meant to be broken , intentionally or otherwise .
1 . Kefir grains intended for drying for long - term storage as a back - up culture .
Milk kefir - grains should first be rinsed or bathed with sterile cold water before drying .
This is to remove protein deposits from the surface of the grains after separating the kefir grains from the liquid - kefir through straining .
2 . Reviving cross-contaminated or damaged milk kefir - grains .
Kefir grains that have become cross-contaminated with unwanted organisms or with Viili or Caspian Sea Yogurt [ Matsoni ] .
Or , kefir grains that have been left in the same milk for extensive periods .
In the latter case , the surface of each grain eventually becomes encrusted with a damaged , non-propagable layer of matrix , often seen as a yellow or yellow - orange colour , and the grains show signs of very little to no growth .
To save or recover the growth - factor of damaged grains , I 've discovered that one must act fast to remove the encrustation or the damaged surface material from each effected grain , doing so as soon as possible .
The following can be applied to cross contaminated milk kefir - grains or damaged milk kefir - grains .
This is achieved by filling a clean bowl with pre-boiled body temperature water .
Place a mesh - type sieve in the water , and then put the milk kefir - grains into the sieve .
While holding the sieve with the grains under water , begin rubbing individual grains one - by - one , with a gentle abrasive rolling action against the mesh of the sieve , using two clean fingers .
This procedure will remove any unwanted or damaged non-growing matrix material from the surface of each grain .
If the inferior surface layer is left intact for an extensive period , the grains shall eventually reach a point of no return where they become non-propagable [ shall not grow ] .
This outcome is due to the fact that damage to each grain begins at the surface , which is exposed to the same acidic compounds for extensive periods [ longer than 2 to 3 weeks at room temperature , depending on resilience of the grains , temperature and other factors ] .
The growth - factor at the surface of the grain becomes damaged first , possibly due to lack of nutrients in combination with long term exposure to acidic conditions including culture - byproducts produced by organisms .
It may also be due to not enough kefiran , for I believe that the polysaccharide kefiran is a protectant for the organisms encased among the polysaccharide .
The organisms among the damaged portion close to the surface of the grain no longer produce kefiran , or are unable to condense the kefiran so that the grain can form and grow .
At an early stage , at the centre of the grain ample kefiran is found , and that portion of the grain remains propagable .
However , the grains as a whole show no sign of growth due to the unfavourable outer crust , slowly suffocating the inner organisms moving toward the centre of the grain .
If corrective measures are not met within a given time , then such an encrustation or death of the matrix , spreads towards the centre of the grain like cancer , until the whole grain or each individual grain in the batch is infected right through each grain .
The grains in this case shall never grow again , and can no longer be salvaged [ Please see this self - explanatory picture for related info ]
3 . Grains that come in contact with a foreign surface or matter .
In this case , the grains should be rinse immediately with [ preferably ] sterile fresh water .
If kefir grains fall a dirty floor , the gel - polysaccharide [ kefiran ] , which exudes from the centre of the grain , may have foreign material such as dust adhere to the grain .
Dirt may be removed from the surface by rinsing any effected grain with fresh , sterile water .
IN such cases after rinsing dirty grains , it would be best to eat the rinsed grain [s ] instead of culturing in milk .
More information at FAQ 17 at my Kefir - FAQ page
STORING KEFIR to INCREASE NUTRITIONAL VALUE
and REDUCE LACTOSE CONTENT
Traditional kefir grain - prepared kefir has superior keeping quality , unmatched by any commercial kefir variant .
If a mild , less sour kefir is what you want , then kefir can be enjoyed directly after straining to separate the kefir grains .
However , ripening kefir by either storing the liquid - kefir in the fridge or kept at room temperature for up to two days before served , increases some of the B group vitamins , especially Folicin [ Folic acid ] .
Liquid - kefir may be stored refrigerated in a clean bottle , and it should keep good for quite some time .
Although , refrigerated kefir has a sourer flavour in comparison to storing for the same amount of time in the fridge .
Ripening also increases aromatic compounds , improving the overall flavour of kefir .
A portion of kefir may be poured out from the storage bottle for ready consumption , and the container can be replenishing with freshly strained kefir of the day .
Storage can be in the fridge , or at room temperature .
We store kefir and consume it like so on an ongoing basis .
We no longer store liquid - kefir in the fridge , instead we store liquid - kefir in a large glass bottle under airlock at room temperature -- similar to brewing beer or wine [ see photo below ] .
This is similar to how kefir was originally stored kefir masters of Caucasus .
Large volumes of kefir was stored in large sealed wooden barrels or clay crocks , as it ripened during storage over many days in fact .
Experiment to observe keeping quality of liquid - kefir An 8 - cup glass bottle was filled 3 / 4 full with freshly strained milk - kefir .
This was left in the refrigerator for one year .
At 12 months , samples were taken and the kefir was found to be still quite good , quite sour mind you , but nevertheless good .
It had an alcohol content of approximately 2 % with pH 3 [ acidic similar to mild vinegar , or Kefirgar ] .
More Recent Experiment involved filling an 8 - cup glass bottle with freshly strained kefir , and the kefir was stored for 10 months at room temperature .
In this case , the bottle was 3/4 filled with kefir with the addition of 2 Tbs of extra virgin olive oil .
The oil formed a natural airlock , preventing oxygen from getting into the kefir during room temperature storage .
The layer of oil also creates a protective barrier , preventing the propagation of mold [ and Flowers of Kefir ] on the surface of the kefir .
The kefir was sampled at 10 months and it was good , quite cheesy in flavour , but tolerable .
This explains the extremely good natural preservative potential of traditional kefir , if ingredients are of good quality and utensils are sterile .
Recall also that kefir has a powerful anti-oxidant , which with little doubt especially preserves fats of kefir .
No refrigerator in the house , teepee or tent ?
Reducing lactose while increasing Folic acid content and preventing unfavourable organisms by ripening kefir at room temperature .
The method explained below will reduce a good portion of lactose in kefir , which is favourable for individuals keeping tabs on sugar or carbohydrate intake e.g. , Diabetics or Low Carbohydrate Diet devotees .
This method is the no-fridge method .
It is by storing freshly strained kefir in a clean , sealed container , and the kefir is ripened [ matured ] at room temperature for a number of days .
This method is similar to how the original kefir - makers of Caucasus stored their kefir , due to no refrigerators [ Hence the need for , and , the development of -- kefir ! ] .
Individuals with concerns regarding the propagation of unfavourable organisms in kefir stored at room temperature .
A collection of scientific work with similar results , explain that disease - causing organisms , such as Listeria monocytogenes , less numbers of the organism survived when the culture - milk was stored at room temperature over refrigeration . [ 1 ]
Separate research explains similar findings in regards to other strains of coliform or faecal bacteria such as the pathogen Shigella sonnei [ 2 ] including disease - causing viruses .
Kefir - grain prepared kefir demonstrated a greater antagonistic effect against unwanted organisms and virus particles , compared to other culture milk - products .
Note this method of ripening produces kefir with lots of FIZZ !
So please practice with care and with good common sense by implementing a blend of all your personal sensory perceptions in combination with common knowledge .
Freshly strained kefir [ liquid - kefir ] may be kept in a clean glass [ or food grade plastic ] bottle , stored at room temperature for up to two weeks in a cold climate , or up to five days in warm conditions .
It is best to then refrigerate the kefir in a sealed bottle , consuming an amount each day taken from the bottle , as required .
METHOD 1 .
Pour freshly strained 12 to 24 hour kefir - grain cultured kefir in a glass or food - grade plastic bottle [ do not fill any bottle more than 3/4 full ] .
2 . Place a lid on the bottle but do not seal the container airtight .
3 . * Each day , seal bottle airtight and give the bottle a good shake , and then loosen off the lid again to burp the bottle .
This can be done twice daily .
An amount of kefir may be removed from the bottle to consume each day , until all the kefir from that bottle is consumed .
Alternatively , after removing a portion of kefir for drinking , the bottle is replenished with that day 's freshly strained kefir .
This can be a continual process over 1 week .
At this point , wash the container clean with hot water and detergent and recommence the process with freshly strained kefir .
Although I have personally done this over many weeks without washing the bottle and without a problem .
* The bottle is best shaken once or twice daily .
This is to prevent Yeasts and vinegar - bacteria forming colonies on the surface of the kefir .
With no agitation , such colonies may form a light - brown fuzzy carpet - like layer .
This phenomenon is similar to Flowers of Wine [ Mycodermia ] in wine - making .
In the case with kefir , I refer to the film as , Flowers of Kefir Please see this picture .
Although the initial development of Flowers of Kefir is mostly regarded as safe , if left unchecked however , unwanted molds may propagate among the colony .
Regular agitation prevents this potential problem .
Please note that in my experience I have never found any mold on the surface of ripening kefir , by simply following the above suggestions .
Ripening kefir under airlock is a superior method for brewing and should completely prevent the formation of Flowers of Kefir and any potential problem [ see following ] .
Ripening Kefir under AirLock
Click on photo for larger view
This photo demonstrates ripening kefir under airlock .
An inexpensive airlock is fitted to the mouth of a glass bottle to prevent oxygen from getting into the kefir during ripening .
The device is half filled with water , specified by a mark on the airlock [ water level is visible in the photo ] .
Beer and wine making suppliers carry such airlocks .
Due to secondary fermentation , or continual fermentation , the process of ripening may produce a slightly sourer tasting kefir , with considerable increase in effervescence .
Although , this process usually produces kefir with less sourness in comparison to kefir refrigerated for the same amount of time .
Certain B group vitamins , Folic acid [ Folacin ] in particular , will increase as the kefir ripens over two days .
Kefir ripened under airlock as apposed to ripening in a sealed bottle , produces best flavour with less acetic acid , which otherwise gives kefir a drier sourer flavour .
This is possibly because of lesser to no oxidation of alcohol [ oxidation of alcohol produces vinegar ] .
Flavour including aroma is much improved during ripening as per the above comparison .
Folacin can be expected to increase by at least 116 % in comparison to the original fresh milk and freshly stained kefir . [ 3 ]
Due to all these facts , ripened kefir in general , is favourable taken one month before conception and throughout pregnancy , for folic acid is important in the prevention of birth defects in babies [ Spina bifida and Anencephaly ] .
Kefir is also suitable taken throughout lactation , and good for toddlers . .
TAKING A BREAK FROM MAKING KEFIR
... and Resting Kefir Grains
If for whatever reason one needs to take a break from culturing kefir for a short period , say between 3 days to 1 month , then there are a few options available to you .
These depend on how long one intends taking a break .
This also depends on whether someone is available as a baby - sitter for your kefir grains .
If someone is available to baby - sit , then the first option below may be useful .
Otherwise the second option may be followed instead .
1 . The KEFIR BABY - SITTER METHOD Resting Kefir Grains for One Week or Longer For a Rest Period up to One Week Place the grains in a jar with the same amount of fresh milk that the grains usually ferment .
Store in the refrigerator for 1 week in a sealed jar .
Strain the kefir [ which is safe to consume ] .
The grains are now ready to cultured per usual manner [ Initial first few batches usually take longer than 24 hours to ferment at room temperature , until culture - activity increases and stabilizes ] .
The above process slows down metabolism of the organisms -- they are forced into a semi- dormant state .
Resting Kefir Grains for Longer than One Week Follow the steps in option 1 above , but strain the kefir refresh milk each week .
This option may be performed for as long as required .
However , if it is carried over more than say , 2 to 3 months , there is the chance that the grains will not grow for some time .
It may also damage the growth component beyond recovery .
When resorting back to room temperature fermentation , the microflora needs a few batches to re-establish its activity , and the kefir will take longer to complete during this course .
It may take anywhere between 2 to 7 batches for kefir grains to reach optimum activity again .
The longer the resting period , the longer it takes for the organisms to reactivate fully .
Simply let contents stand for the required time needed to produce kefir per batch .
Another option is to use less milk to begin with , say 1 part grains to 3 parts milk , and change the milk each day , whether or not the first few batches show no sign of activity [ fermentation ] .
There should be signs of activity increase within a few batches .
At this point , use more milk , increasing to say , 5 parts milk , and then again within a few batches to say 7 parts and so on , until the amount of kefir prepared per batch meets your requirement .
2 . The NON KEFIR BABY - SITTER METHOD
Resting kefir gains for longer than one week [ You 're on your own , kefir - babies ! ]
As in option 1 above , but increase amount of milk by about 30 % to 50 % more for each additional week of rest .
[ Recommended maximum ratio preferably no greater than 1 : 30 grains - to - milk by volume ] .
I find that resting kefir grains as above , is safe to do for periods of up to 2 or possibly 3 months .
Although I suggest that this option is performed for no longer than 1 month .
For longer periods , I suggest that the grains are dehydrated for long term storage [ See below for details ] .
NOTES
During the rest - period , some species of bacteria and yeasts will reduce in numbers .
Therefore a recovery period is required so that a balance between the different microbial components can be reestablish .
The longer the grains were kept dormant , the longer the recovery period .
In extreme cases , recovery may take up to 3 months .
During this period , the kefir will vary in appearance , aroma , flavour , acidity , texture and consistency .
See last paragraph in the above section Resting Kefir Grains for Longer than One Week for recovery tips .
See also this tip at my Kefir FAQ in - site .
STORING KEFIR GRAINS
For Extended Periods / Your Back - up Supply
Always create a BACK - UP supply of kefir grains --- or ELSE !
It 's always a good idea to have back up , correct ?
This is also true with kefir grains , because you never know when you 'll need them .
One day , you may end up feeling glad you create that back up , or , regret that you never did !
It 's in your hands .
Freezing Kefir Grains [ both water and milk kefir - grains ]
One method for storing kefir grains for periods of up to 2 months , is by freezing spare grains .
To freeze effectively , wash the grains with pre-boiled COOLED water .
Pat - dry the grains between pre-ironed cooled white toweling to remove excess moisture .
Place the grains in a jar or in a plastic bag , seal and put in the freezer .
With milk grains , first add some dry milk powder , [ DMP ] adding enough to completely cover the grains with the DMP , seal jar or bag and then freeze .
DMP is mixed with the milk kefir - grains as a cryoprotectant agent to prevent freezer burn .
Although I 've found that kefir grains are viable for up to one year with this method , this length of time may completely remove the yeast component found in healthy kefir grains [ if frozen for longer than 2 months , but not specifically ] .
Because of this potential , freezing kefir grains as explained above , is best performed for a period of no longer than 2 months .
If DMP is omitted for freezing milk kefir - grains , then a period of no longer than 1 month is recommended .
Otherwise the yeast component of kefir grains may become damaged , especially if continual partial thawing and freezing due to poor freezer mechanism is involved .
Note , do not add fresh milk or other water - based liquid with kefir grains meant for freezing , for the water will rupture many of the organisms , destroying the organisms during freezing .
This is because water expands at 0 deg .
C or freezing point .
Drying Milk Kefir - Grains
Kefir grains may be dehydrated for long term storage for up to 18 months .
To dehydrate fresh kefir grains , rinse the grains with pre-boiled COOLED water .
To remove excess moisture , pat - dry the grains between a pre-ironed cooled white terry towel , or simply let stand on the toweling for 1/2 hour to absorb excess moisture from the grains .
Place the grains on a sheet of clean nylon cloth that is stretched over and stapled down over an empty wooden picture frame .
Place another layer of similar material over the grains to prevent dust and insects from falling on the wet grains , and tack the material down with thumb tacks to the wooden frame .
Dry the grains in a well ventilated warm spot , until the grains become brittle .
Water kefir grains will dry clear to light brown large sugar crystals , depending on type of sugar used for the water kefir .
Milk kefir - grains usually dry and become yellow .
Depending on temperature , humidity and size of each grain , drying may take between one to two days for water kefir - grains .
I takes about 2 to 4 days for milk kefir - grains .
Dry all the grains well to completely dehydrate .
Place the dry grains in an airtight sealed jar and store in the refrigerator [ do not freeze ] .
I add a little dry milk powder with dehydrated milk kefir - grains , adding enough powder to completely cover the grains in a jar or in a Ziploc plastic bag .
Dehydrated kefir grains may be stored for up to 18 months .
Although I 've discovered that my method of adding dry milk powder , dehydrated milk kefir - grains can remain viable for up to 6 years !
Although only a small number of grains may end up fully reactivating to propagate when reconstituted after this time .
NOTES
It is not imperative to pre-iron any toweling for the drying process explained above .
However , it is wise to pre-iron any material that comes in direct contact with the grains , to reduce the risk of contamination .
I recommend to replace any back - up supply of dehydrated kefir grains with freshly dehydrated grains every 6 months , just to be on the safe side .
The previous batch of dehydrated grains make great treats for both folks and pets alike .
They also can be fashioned into powder by grinding , and mixed the powdered grains with your favourite seed spice powders such as anise , fennel , caraway or coriander seeds , with an amount of sea salt or non-sodium salts to taste .
This prepares a savoury probiotic condiment .
Or , powdered dry kefir grains mixed with maltose e.g. , and cinnamon powder for a probiotic sweet dressing .
With these basic example , I 'm certain you can come up with something you like , and if you have children , they too may enjoy a probiotic in a number of different ways .
REACTIVATING Back Up KEFIR GRAINS
These milk kefir - grains originated from the same batch .
The grains on the left were frozen for 2 months , while the grains on the right were dried for 6 months .
These are 1 month after reconstitution under parallel culture - conditions .
Note how well the frozen grains have reconstituted compared to the grains on the right .
Reactivating Frozen Kefir Grains
To reactivate frozen kefir grains , thaw by placing the grains in a glass filled with cold water for a few minutes .
Place the grains into a strainer and wash off any powdered milk that 's adhered to the grains with cold water ... presto pronto !!.. they 're ready for action and reaction ... heheheee .
Now , add fresh milk to the grains with a ratio of 1 : 3 grains - to - milk by volume [ say 1/2 cup of milk to 2 Tbs of grains ] .
Strain off the milk every 24 hours , whether or not the milk has coagulated , then place the grains back in the jar with more fresh milk .
When full coagulation of milk occurs within 24 hours of fermentation , your kefir grains have reestablished themselves .
At this point in time the milk should smell sour but clean , with a possible aroma of fresh yeast .
This could take up to one week and in some cases longer .
The quantity of milk may be increased to one cup , and again by another 1 / 2 cup after every other batches , until you 're happy with the amount of kefir produced .
After an increase in milk volume , do not increase again until the grains are able to ferment the previous increase within 24 hours .
This may take between two to seven batches , depending on many factors e.g. , how much you increased milk by , temperature and the activity of the grains themselves .
Reactivating Dehydrated Kefir Grains
First reconstitute dry kefir grains by placing the dry grains in a jar with the addition of a glass of fresh milk .
Activate by renewing the milk daily after straining that batch , whether the milk has coagulated or not .
Do not drink this milk until it produces a clean , sour aroma .
Reconstituting dry grains may take between four days and in some cases up to one and a half weeks to occur .
When the milk starts to coagulate within 24 hours , producing a clean , sour aroma , with a hint of fresh yeast , your grains have reactivated and are rearing to go !
NOTES
When activating dehydrated kefir grains , for the first few days the milk will go through some unusual stages , regarding appearance and aroma .
The milk will initially produce a predominance of friendly yeast activity , evident as froth or foam forming on the surface of the milk .
Yeast activity may reach a peak after 3 to 5 days , then subside as consecutive batches are cultured thereafter .
As consecutive batches are cultured , the microflora should find a balance between the bacteria and yeast components , which kefir grains can achieve quite naturally on their own .
This may take between 1 to 2 weeks .
Growth rate of kefir grains may not be evident , in some cases , until the third week , or even longer .
The grains should become whiter in colour after each consecutive batch .
Any yellow or yellow - pink - brown grains that do n't have an elastic property , should be removed from the batch after the forth week .
These are non propagable grains [ do not grow ] , the portion of which is determined by length and storage conditions and dehydration method .
Non propagable grains disintegrate when squeezed between two clean fingers , having the texture similar to a Cheddar cheese .
Whereas propagable grains are white and elastic with a slightly slimy feel [ Kefiran ] , when gently squeezing a grain between clean fingers .
Please see FAQ 38 at my Kefir FAQ in - site for further details regarding drinking the initial batches of kefir prepared during reactivation .
Alternative Kefirs
Kefir d'Acqua or Water - Kefir
A Refreshing Pro-herbiotic Champagne !
Kefir d'acqua [ acqua means water in Italian , including other Latin - based languages such as Portuguese and Spanish .
Kefir d'acqua means kefir of water ] or Water Kefir cultured with the use of the Pouch Method [ see bellow ] .
The floating layer in the photo above , are sultanas .
Ground rose hip can be seen at the bottom of the container .
This concoction is not a traditional water kefir as such , it is a herbal brew .
This delicious refreshing beverage has lots of fizz due to yeasts of kefir grains fermenting sugar in an airtight sealed jar .
The batch was cultured with milk kefir - grains kept in a pouch made of cotton gauze .
Note , a gauze pouch is not suitable for making milk kefir , because the material is too tightly woven and becomes blocked with curd , which suffocates the culture in the pouch .
However , such a pouch is quite suitable for preparing any variety of water - kefir , for the media does not block the gauze , which otherwise starves the organisms of kefir grains .
The infamous water - kefir has been prepared and enjoyed for many centuries .
Although the precise origin is unknown , I 've come across reference explaining that the culture was introduced to England by soldiers on their return back from the Crimean war .
Apparently it was introduced as the Ginger Beer Plant , and it could in fact be the original Ginger Beer Plant unlike the so called Ginger Beer Plant developed in more recent time for preparing Ginger Root Beer today .
I received an email from a lovely lady who lived in the Caucasus , explaining how she grew up on water kefir .
She was an elder when she emailed , but I gathered that water kefir was or is used in close vicinity to where milk kefir - grains originate in the Caucasus Mountains .
Today , the bubbly refreshing sugar / water - based probiotic beverage is prepared in many households worldwide .
It is the answer for individuals who do not want dairy in their diet , for water kefir is completely dairy free .
I keep meeting people commenting with something to the effect of , Oh ! that drink !.. my mother prepared the beverage when we were growing up .
But we did n't know what it was called .
The recipe for water kefir may vary among different households .
Although the refreshing beverage is commonly cultured with 3 % to 10 % cane sugar solution including a whole half a lemon and dry fig .
Dry prunes , raisins , sultana or apricots can be used instead of dry fig .
I prepare a wonderful ginger beer by including either the juice of fresh ginger root or grated fresh ginger with a slice of lemon and 10 % sugar solution .
For in - depth information about water kefir including the use of ginger root and other non-traditional ingredients , and how to get the best growth of traditional sugary kefir - grains for preparing the healthiest water kefir , please go to my kefirpage .
With traditional water - kefir , the beverage is cultured with translucent water kefir - grains , or sugary kefir grains [ SKG ] .
SKG have an opaque , firm texture compared to traditional milk kefir - grains of Caucasus .
But I 've discovered that a variety of water - kefir may also be cultured with milk kefir - grains in place of SKG , by transferring milk kefir - grains to a sugar solution .
When doing so , the first few batches take 4 to 5 days to ferment .
This is because of the sugar - water media and the microflora of milk kefir - grains has to adjust to utilize the new media .
[ This period is scientifically referred to as Lag phase ] .
But after three or so batches , the organisms have adapted sufficiently to the new media , and from that point on , fermentation occurs within 24 to 48 hours .
This is because the native microflora of milk kefir - grains need time to adapt to the new source of energy [ sucrose and fructose instead of lactose or milk sugar ] .
So one should expect this to occur , if they want to use milk kefir - grains in this manner .
I recommend brewing with patience for the first few batches if deciding to transfer milk kefir - grains to a different medium in any recipe explained below .
If you are going to use milk kefir - grains for this , do not use all your milk kefir - grains , but only spare grains .
I suggest to keep milk kefir - grains , transferred to a sugar - solution , for that purpose only .
So , once the grains have established in fruit - juice and sugar - water - based medium , do not transfer the grains back to milk later down the track .
However , if one is inclined to experiment , then feel free to go ahead , for kefir grains lend themselves well to the experimenter at heart .
I mean to say , look at what I 've achieved that I freely share with the reader here at this web site !
It is common for a water - based kefir prepared with milk kefir - grains , to contain between 1.5 % to 2 % alcohol at 2 days fermentation .
However , alcohol content depends on sugar - type and sugar percentage , including fermentation time and culture - conditions , such as brewing under airlock Vs open brewing Vs brewing in an airtight container .
Water kefir prepared with good growing SKG contains much less alcohol , about .5 % at 2 days .
I feel that water kefir prepared with traditional SKG produces a healthier product than using milk kefir - grains , and not just because of he production of less alcohol .
However , many interesting brews can be prepared with milk kefir - grains nevertheless .
Photo shows spent lemon and dried fig [ bottom right of picture ] after straining a previous batch of water - kefir .
The purple grains are milk kefir - grains initially , but later transferred in dark grape juice to produce Kefir d'uva , hence the dark red colour of those kefir grains see below .
Two Water Kefir Recipes Recipe 1
A recipe for water kefir that gives good grain growth with traditional Sugary Kefir - Grains [ SKG ] or " Milk Kefir - Grains " [ but without growth ] .
Ingredients / Utensils
8 - cup glass jar with strong sealing lid [ Jars with a swing - away lid and rubber gasket are great and so are Mason jars ] .
Stainless steel or nylon sieve .
1/2 to 1 cup traditional SKG .
[ If you do not have SKG , use 1 to 2 Tbs spare milk kefir - grains ] .
1 large Turkish fig or 2 small Greek dry figs or 2
Tbs dry sultanas , raisins or any mixture .
Slice of lemon [ Use non waxed Certified organically grown lemon .
Peel and discard zest of non-organic lemon , or lemon that has been fumigated or sprayed with pesticide ] .
1/3 to 1/2 cup cane sugar -- brown sugar , raw sugar or refined white sugar , or non-refined dry sugar - cane juice such as Rapadura , Demarara or Jaggery etc. or a combination [ Important , if using brown , raw or white sugar , include 1 Tsp organic black strap molasses ] .
6 cups fresh water preferably spring water , rain water or good well water .
1/4 Tsp sodium bicarbonate [ pure baking soda and NOT baking powder that contains aluminium ] .
1/4 Tsp eggshell or oceanic coral ground to a coarse grit , or 1/8 Tsp of each [ First sterilize coral and eggshell in boiling water , or use shell of boiled egg ] .
Recipe 2
A most simple , basic recipe that also gives good grain - growth with traditional SKG .
Ingredients / Utensils 8 - cup glass jar with good sealing strong lid [ Jars with a swing - away lid and rubber gasket are great and so are Mason jars ] .
Strainer [ stainless steel or nylon sieve ] .
1/2 to 1 cup traditional SKG .
1/2 cup raw cane sugar , and 1 tsp organic black strap molasses .
Or 1/4 cup each raw sugar and non-refined dry sugar - cane juice such as Rapadura , Demarara , Sucanat or Jaggery etc. and 1/2 tsp organic black strap molasses
6 to 7 cups fresh water preferably spring water , rain water or good well water .
1/8 to 1/4 Tsp sodium bicarbonate [ pure baking soda and NOT baking powder that contains aluminium ] .
1/4 Tsp eggshell or oceanic coral ground to a coarse grit .
Or 1/8 Tsp of each [ First sterilize coral and eggshell in boiling water , or use shell of boiled egg ] .
Method for Both Recipes
Add water to an 8 - cup glass jar [ Do not fill any jar more than 3/4 full .
This is very important because the CO2 gas produced during fermentation will produce pressure , which has the potential to force the lid off the jar with force or worst scenario cause the jar to explode , which can be dangerous ] .
Dissolve sugar , molasses [ if used ] sodium bicarbonate and then add the rest of the ingredients including kefir grains .
Seal jar airtight and let contents stand for 2 days at room temperature .
[ Stir after 24 hours and as often as you like after that ] .
Strain the bubbly Water Kefir and rinse SKG with fresh water .
Simply repeat the process for preparing each new batch .
The strained beverage is ready to serve , but it is more appealing to transfer the water kefir in airtight sealed bottles and refrigerate and serve chilled .
Yumoh !
Another option is to store the sealed bottles at room temperature for a day to increase fizz in the bottle , and then chill before serving .
If using milk kefir - grains , one may include 1 Tbs malt extract [ maltose ] to maintain high counts of lactic acid bacteria [ LAB ] in the beverage especially Lb. acidophilus .
Like all LAB this strain of Lactobacilli has a specific need regarding the type of sugar it can use as an energy source .
Apart from lactose [ milk sugar ] , malt extract is mostly maltose , a disaccharide similar to lactose and sucrose .
Lb. acidophilus , including other strains of LAB can utilize maltose .
The recipe is my own variation of the traditional water - kefir or Kefir d'acqua [ including the use of milk kefir - grains ] .
Instead of using solely cane sugar , I may use alternative sweeteners .
I also try to include two dried fruits instead of just one type , but this is optional .
The important thing is as long as pervious milk kefir - rains get their sucrose / maltose and other simple nutrients , the organisms will happily ferment and culture kefir WITH you .
So , you see , in a way , we too share part of a symbiotic relationship with kefir grain microflora , for we rely on each other , be that kefir grain organisms solely rely on us for their survival .
You can prepare larger quantities of water kefir at one time , instead of the amount suggested in the recipe above .
Experiment with the amount and type of sweetener is recommended only with milk kefir - grains .
This is because sugary kefir - grains are quite fastidious when it comes to sugar - type , they require sucrose and without any added fruit juice , and they do not lend themselves to vast experimentation .
Occasionally , with milk kefir grain - prepared water kefir , I may add grape juice instead of lemon juice and malt , or , some of each .
With milk kefir - gains , sugars can be omitted , using just dry fruit and or diluted fruit juice instead .
Very sweet fruit juice needs dilution to keep the alcohol conent as low as possible , unless you are after rocket fuel : )
I try to listen to my intuition and adjust the routine or process to suit my ever - changing needs or desire .
Left shows an 8 - cup glass jar filled with 6 cups sugar / water fermenting with traditional translucent Sugary Kefir - Grains [ SKG ] during the first hour of fermentation .
The ingredients are 6.5 cups water , 1/2 cup organically produced raw cane sugar , one organically grown dry fig , 1 Tsp organic blackstrap molasses and half an organically grown lemon [ used whole ] .
This recipe included 3
Tbs fresh ginger root juice , and 1 / 4 Tsp sodium bicarbonate and 1/8 Tsp each of ground eggshell and oceanic white coral .
This will be left to brew for usually 2 days at room temperature , followed by straining to separate the SKG .
The fig is removed and the lemon squeezed into the strained beverage .
The water kefir is either consumed fresh or stored in a airtight sealed bottle and left to ferment for a day longer before refrigerated .
Water kefir is more tantalizing served chilled .
Note that the latter process increases alcohol and fizz , producing pressure in a sealed bottle , dependant on sugar percentage from all sources [ sucrose including any added fruit and its sugar content ] .
Those few floating grains are grains that are growing exceptionally well , entrapping a tiny bubble of CO2 in the centre of the grain .
The bubble eventually escapes and the grains fall back to the bottom of the jar to re-join the rest of the grains .
This hovering motion of the grains , is possibly why SKG are also referred to a California bees .
Please see FAQ 28 at my Kefir FAQ in - site for more tips , if you dare !-)
Ginger Beer Water - Kefir
This is quite possibly the original Ginger Beer Recipe .
It is suggested that water kefir - grains were referred to as the Ginger Beer Plant when the culture was first introduced to the west , by British soldiers on their return back from the Crimean War .
Ingredients 8 - cup glass Mason jar or similar with a good strong sealing lid [ preserving jars with swing away lids are also ideal ] .
6 cups spring water [ hard water - type is recommended , see tip below ] .
1/2 cup raw sugar .
1 Tsp organic black strap molasses
About 50gm [ 2 oz ] fresh ginger root [ Young green ginger root is best ] .
Slice of Lemon .
1 dry Fig or 2 Tbs Sultanas , Sun Muscat or Raisins or a combination .
2/3 to 1 - cup traditional Sugary Kefir - Grains [ SKG ] .
1/8 to 1/4 Tsp pure baking powder [ sodium bicarbonate ] .
* 1 cm or 1/2 " square piece of eggshell from a boiled egg , either used as flakes or coarsely ground to grit .
[ Optional ingredient , but provides best SKG growth with bio-available calcium and magnesium , which is desirable .
Substitute eggshell with oceanic coral or limestone or a mixture if you wish .
Use about 1 / 4 Tsp coarsely ground grit ]
Method Finely grate fresh ginger root to a coarse consistency .
Mix with 2
Tbs raw sugar in a bowl .
With a strong spoon , firmly press the mash against the bowl to extract as much juice as possible from the grated ginger .
[ The sugar draws out more ginger juice through osmotic pressure .
If you have a mortar and pestle , then use it to pound the mixture for a minute or so .
This should extract more ginger juice from the pulp ] .
Put mash in a 15 cm [ 6 " ] square piece of clean , white cloth and squeeze by hand to express the sweetened ginger juice into the 8 - cup glass jar .
Another option is to use grated ginger , and put this in a piece of cotton gauze , tied with string to make a tea bag of ginger .
Simply put this in the jar with the rest of the ingredients .
Add sodium bicarbonate , rest of the raw sugar , molasses and eggshell or coral grit in glass jar with 6 cups water .
Stir well to dissolve all the sugar and molasses and then add rest of ingredients including SKG .
Seal jar airtight , and let stand for 2 days at room temperature [ Stir contents after 24 hours , and again a few times when possible there after ] .
Strain liquid water - kefir , and store in airtight sealable bottles .
Best enjoyed chilled after 1 to 2 days refrigeration .
This shall increase carbonation to give a nice , refreshing fizzy ginger root - beer .
TIps
Try storing the sealed bottle at room temperature for one day before refrigeration .
This should increase fizz and reduce sugar content faster than fridge storage .
Water kefir - grains do not grow well , in fact , growth may cease altogether if using filtered water of any kind , including Brita or active carbon filtered water over some 6 or so batches .
More information is available at my about kefir web page and in my instruction flier that comes with my SKG on purchase .
See section under Regarding Growth - Rate of SKG and following paragraph in that section .
Notes
Fresh ginger juice can be left to stand for a few hours to precipitate the starch , seen as a white sediment .
This white starch sediment can be separated by decanting the ginger root juice .
The sediment can be used to thicken stir - fry dishes , or soups , for it has a similar property to Kudzu [ Japanese arrowroot ] .
The wet sediment can be air dried to a powder and stored in a sealed container for future use .
If using a unrefined dry sugar cane juice such as rapadura , muscovado , sucanat or demarara etc. omit molasses .
Kefir d'Uva [ Grape Juice Kefir ]
Kefir d'uva [ keh - fear dee oo - vah ]
Uva means grape in Italian .
As a general rule , kefir d'uva is prepared with 1 part grape juice diluted with 1 part water .
If the grape juice is extra sweet , then it may be diluted more , say 1 part juice to 2 parts water .
Try including a few fresh mint leaves , aromatic spices such as cinnamon bark , crushed cloves , saw palmetto etc. as an option .
This can prepare a refreshing aromatic brew with digestive and blood glucose normalising property .
Fill your brewing jar 3 / 4 full and then add spare sugary kefir - grains or spare milk kefir - grains .
Seal the jar airtight and ferment for 1 to 2 days at room temperature .
Strain the Kefir d'uva and store in airtight sealed bottles .
Note that when using milk kefir - grains for the first time , the brew will take considerably longer to ferment , and as long as 5 days .
If the same grains are reused , the organisms will ferment following batches in a shorter time , until it takes just 2 days to brew .
Champagne kefir d'uva
The refreshing beverage prepared without aromatic ingredients can be similar to Champagne in bubble content .
In fact , including a little green [ unripe ] grape juice , a healthy Champagne alternative is quite possible .
In the recipe suggestion above , try mixing 1/ 4 volume of unripe grape juice with 3/4 ripe grape juice by volume .
When brewing Kefir d'uva , bottled grape juice can be used , as long as it's 100 % pure juice , without any added preservatives colouring agents or artificial flavours .
Although using juice from freshly squeezed grapes has an advantage and not just for freshness but at a microbial level by providing friendly bacteria and yeast , which are part of the native microflora of fresh , organically grown fruits .
This microflora is seen as a white powdery film found on grape skins .
This causes the effect , which I refer to as water running off of a ducks back ; water forms as beads when poured over fresh grapes .
Either or both white and dark grape juice may be used for Kefir d'uva .
font face = " Arial " color= " #663366 " >
These kefir grains were traditional milk kefir - grains transferred to dark grape juice plus water - media to produce Kefir d'uva for six months [ 2 - day brews ] .
Because dark grape juice contains red pigments , these particular kefir grains have been fixed red .
Instead of being the common white colour of traditional kefir grains of Caucasus , the red pigment renders the grains purple - red , and the pigment penetrated right through each grain .
Note
The sweeter and more concentrated the juice , the more alcohol is produced including more CO2 gas .
It is wise not to give youngsters Kefir d' uva due to alcohol content .
Do not use all your sugary kefir - grains [ SKG ] to prepare Kefir d'uva , for the growth factor of SKG will become damaged and the grains will eventually not grow any more .
However , if you want to use SKG , use only spare SKG that have been brewed in a traditional sugar / water media .
Although both milk kefir - grains and SKG will not grow in a fruit juice kefir , the organisms of both grain - type will retain the ability to ferment ongoing brews , pretty well indefinitely .
That is to say the essential dynamic relationship symbiosis , is retained or reestablished among the microflora that colonises either grain - type .
Whereas this is not the case with any type of commercial starter , for we do not fully understand the dynamic relationship among different types and strains of organisms , to reproduce this important factor in a commercial , artificial starter .
Kefir d'Pollin
Bee Pollen Water - Kefir and Milk - Kefir
Bee pollen contains many nutrients including enzymes and high quality protein .
However , due to the chemical structure of each cell wall of pollen cell , many nutrients are unavailable through normal digestion .
One may improve on this limitation , by adding bee pollen to strained milk - kefir , followed by ripening at room temperature or in the fridge for a few days before enjoying the refreshing beverage .
Secondary fermentation should at least partially breakdown the cell wall , so the contents within each cell can be better assimilated .
WIth milk - kefir , add 1
Tbs bee pollen granules to each cup of strained milk kefir [ without the kefir grains ] .
Store in a glass vessel and seal the jar but do not seal it airtight .
Then ripen at room temperature for 2 to 3 days .
Or , ripen under airlock , explained in the section above , Storing Kefir and Reducing Lactose .
With water - kefir , add 1
Tbs of bee pollen to each 2 - cups of any water - kefir recipe explained above , and ferment with kefir grains for 48 hours .
Strain , drink and then feel the power of - - - super - pollin - d ' probiotici ! [ Latin -- Probiotic ]
I shall now remove my super - kefir - suit and deflate my pump - up muscles , which are also filled with hot air :)
Kefir d'Erba Medica Probiotic Herbal Tea
Kefir d' erba medica [ keh - fear dee er- bah meh - dee - kah ] .
Medicinal herbal kefir .
Left picture demonstrates some of many herbs that can be used to culture my herbal probiotic tonic , Kefir d'erba medica .
In the picture I used the raw herbal extraction method , which involves using the herb parts whole and uncooked .
Either dry or fresh herbs are used , letting the microflora of kefir grains do the extraction / digestion instead of cooking the herb to extract the wanted components .
This particular recipe is cultured with spare milk kefir - grains and not traditional sugary kefir - grains .
The reason being of the high risk that sugary kefir - grains will no longer propagate when subjected to certain compounds found in specific herbs .
Although this is also the case with sugary kefir - grains , which is why only spare , excess grains are used .
I also use spare sugary kefir - grains to prepare the beverage .
About 1983
I discovered that milk kefir - grains could be used to ferment herbal teas and concoctions , making the finished product a probiotic herbal tonic with increased bio-availability of phyto - active [ plant active or plant derived medicinal ] compounds found in herbs .
Many medicinal , or pharmacological active components of herbs are in the form of oils and are mostly insoluble in water .
Culturing with kefir grains may release these components into the water - based media .
This is achieved through the action of certain enzymes produced by the bacteria and yeasts during fermentation .
Some active compounds may also be dissolved by the small percentage of alcohol produced during fermentation .
Apart from becoming a probiotic source , the finished formula , I believe , will be more potent .
This includes the biosynthesis of some of the B group vitamins due to yeast and possibly other organisms .
This process produces a refreshing beverage , which can be prepared similar in flavour to a natural cola , champagne , or a carbonated essence of the aromatic herb chosen for the recipe .
It is possible to prepare a tailor - made beverage to assist a specific condition , such as brewing Saw Palmetto and Epilobium , rose hip , ginger and corn silk to correct prostatitis , as an example .
So it 's time to get out your favourite herbal book and brew up some neat , healthy tonics .
A general tonic recipe for " Kefir d'erba medica " 1 Tsp Red Clover flowers .
1 Tsp Alfa Alfa leaf and / or Chamomile flowers .
5 whole dry Rose hips crushed or 1 Tsp Rose hip powder .
1 Tbs of either raw honey , malt extract , agave nectar or unrefined dry sugar cane juice [ demarara , sucanat or muscovado etc. ] .
2 Tbs spare milk kefir - grains or sugary kefir - grains .
2 cups spring water .
Kefir d'erba medica can be prepared using two methods as explained --- 1 .
The raw herbal extraction where the herbs are not subjected to heating at high temperature .
Using this method helps preserve heat sensitive essential components , which are normally denatured by cooking .
Apart from the soluble compounds , we 're relying mainly on the microflora of kefir grains in order to extract the soluble active ingredients from the herb parts .
After the organisms have worked on the herb parts for 24 to 48 hours , the herbs appear digested , releasing active components into solution .
I recommend using the kefir pouch for this extraction method .
This is for easy separation of kefir grains from the herb parts by simply removing the pouch containing the grains after fermentation is complete .
But this is not essential .
2 . The herbal tea method where a herbal tea from the wanted herb is prepared first .
After straining and cooling the herbal tea , the preferred sweetener and kefir grains are added and then brew for about 2 days at room temperature .
I 'll explain the raw method first .
Please go here to learn about a practical tip for preparing herbal teas or cooking in general suits : )
The simple method explained at that web page is very practical , and is highly recommended to prepare herbal teas for this recipe .
Raw herbal extraction method
Make a pouch for the kefir grains as described above in the pouch method .
Add the water to a jar but do not fill the jar more than 2/3 full .
Dissolve the preferred sweetener .
Add the rest of the ingredients including the kefir - grain - pouch .
Place a tight lid on the jar and ferment for 24 to 48 hours at room temperature .
Remove the pouch and strain the Kefir d'erba medica .
The beverage is ready for consumption .
Herbal tea method
To prepare the herbal tea method , add the water to a pot and bring to a boil .
Add the herbs and place a lid on the pot and let steep until cooled to room temperature [ a tip for making herb teas and cooking in general , please follow this ] .
Strain the herbal tea and add to the jar .
Do not fill the jar more than 2/3 .
Dissolve the sweetener and add kefir grains [ or kefir pouch ] .
Seal jar airtight with a lid and brew for 24 to 48 hours .
Strain the Kefir d'erba medica .
The beverage is ready for consumption .
Tips and Variations
One may use any favourite herbal tea formulae for preparing Kefir d'erba medica .
Try a mixture of different combinations of herbs to come up with one that you like , or need .
Try adding Dandelion root as a liver cleanser and tonic , or lemon balm [ Melissa ] , Passion flower , Skullcap and Hops for a restful sleep and as a calming , anti-anxiety tonic .
Commercial herbal tea bags in both methods explained above can be used , if you wish .
There are no limitations and experimentation is recommended .
You can use sugary kefir - grains to prepare Kefir d'erba medica , but only use excess grains for this .
So please do n't put all your kefir - grains in the one basket , just in the case they do n't like the herbal brew and stop growing .
When using milk kefir - grains for the first time , you will need to ferment for as long as 4 days for the first few batches .
If you keep using the same grains , after a few batches , the organisms shall adapt to the media and the Kefir d'erba medica will brew within 24 to 48 hours per batch thereafter .
However , milk kefir - grains shall not grow in such a media , for the grains have evolved in dairy milk .
See FAQ 28 at Dom's Kefir FAQ in - site for more tips .
RECIPES with KEFIR The Butterfly
The Butterfly [ Kupu - kupu Indonesia ] is my reply to the junk cola - beverage , The Spider [ Cola & Cream ] .
The Butterfly may be a means of introducing kefir to a kefir - novice , well tolerated by some of the fussiest taste buds .
Children may also find the beverage appealing [ some parents may only hope ] .
Any type of fruit juice may be used .
The glass far left of picture is pure kefir with a sprinkle of cinnamon , decorated with a slice of Vanilla Persimmon fruit .
Ingredients
[ Makes 1 cup ]
2/3 cup dark or light grape juice .
1/3 cup fresh kefir .
Slice of lemon or orange .
Sprinkle cinnamon powder .
Method Pour grape juice in a tall glass .
Pour kefir over the grape juice .
Kefir will float over the grape juice .
With a straw , chopstick or a spoon , gently stir the kefir to form a swirl or a marble - like pattern ; as an effect to satisfy the hunger of the eye [ after all , the eye is what gets to sample any food first ] .
Preparing foods and drinks to look interesting and appealing to the eye is very inviting to the stomach .
Variation
Try preparing
The Butterfly with other fresh fruit juices or a mixture including ; Melon , Black current , Cranberry , Black berry , Blue berry or mixed berry , Pomegranate , Mangostein , Black Cherry , Mango , Pineapple and young Coconut water or Coconut cream etc. Hhmm-hmmm !
The Water - Butterfly
The Water - Butterfly is a mixture of water - kefir and milk - kefir to prepare quite an effervescent beverage .
The refreshing beverage is best prepared from a fresh batch of water - kefir of your choice .
[ Far left ]
Kefir di frutta indigeno or indigenous fruit water - kefir prepared .
In this case , a native Australian fruit or bush tucker known as Illawarra plum [ Podocarpus elates ] .
Ingredients [ makes 1 - cup ] 2/3 cup water kefir , or Kefir d'uva of your choice .
1/3 cup milk Kefir .
1 Tsp Raw Honey [ optional , depends on sweetness of the water - kefir ] .
Method Fill glass 2/3 full with water kefir .
Pour 1/3 glass of milk kefir .
If adding honey , premix it with the milk - kefir then add to the water - kefir .
Gently swirl in the kefir to form a pattern through the beverage .
If using sugar , add just prior drinking .
This will seed the gas , causing the beverage to bubble vigorously , to produce an interesting effect .
Come on !... get those lovely noses tickled !
Kefir Charmer [ U smoothie U ]
VANILLA KEFIR CHARMER INGREDIENTS
[ Waiter !
2 smoothies for the charmed couple , by yesterday --- then , please ! ] 1 large or 2 small ripe bananas .
1 - cup milk - kefir .
1 - cup coconut milk , coconut cream or young coconut water .
1 to 2 - Tbs fresh milk kefir grains [ when surplus grains are available ] .
1/2 Tsp each ginger and cinnamon powder .
1 Tbs linseed [ flax seed ] soaked in the kefir above overnight .
1/2 Tsp natural vanilla essence .
2 fresh mint leaves .
CAROB OR CHOCOLATE KEFIR CHARMER include 1
Tbs of either carob bean flour or cocoa powder .
TROPICAL PANDAN KEFIR CHARMER Include 1/4 Tsp of Pandan leaf extract [ obtained from most Asian stores ] ... mmm pandan -- kefir -- charmer --- grrrrr !
[ Wake up home - boy , you 're daydreaming n'drooling ] .
TROPICAL DURIAN KEFIR CHARMER
Replace banana with 1/2 cup Durian fruit meat [ obtained frozen from most Asian grocery stores ] ... mmm Durian -- kefir -- charmer -- grrrrr !
[ Wake up home - boy , you 're daydreaming n'drooling --- again , old chap ] .
Method Except for the kefir and cinnamon , blend all ingredients in an electric blender or food processor for 1 minute till smooth .
Fold in the kefir and pour in tall glasses and then sprinkle with cinnamon powder .
During hot weather , try blending with the addition of a few ice cubes .
HERBAL KEFIR LIVER BLUSH
This recipe improves liver function .
A treat for Hepatitis C virus infection [ HCVI ] and a fearful or shy , sluggish liver .
Ingredients For 2 and 4 servings respectively .
2 or 4 cups freshly strained kefir .
½ or 1 cup young coconut water .
3 or 6 fresh leaves each of Dandelion [ Taraxacum officinale ] and Greater Plantain [ Plantago major ] , coarsely chopped .
1 or 2 Tbs St. Mary 's Milk Thistle seed [ Silybum marianum ] , well crushed .
1 or 2
Tbs each of anise and caraway seed , well crushed or in powder form .
2 or 4 Juniper berries [ Juniperus communis ] , well crushed .
1 or 2 Tsp Turmeric root powder [ Curcuma longa ] , preferably either whole dry root and crush yourself , of fresh root .
1 or 2 Tbs ground Rose hip .
Method Blend all ingredients in a food processor for 30 seconds to prepare a smooth consistency .
Pour in a suitable glass bottle , make sure not to fill the bottle more than 2/3 full .
Place either an airlock on the bottle , or fit a lid but do not seal the bottle airtight .
Place the bottle in a dark spot away from direct sunlight , and let stand for 2 days at room temperature .
Enjoy ½-cup diluted with ½- cup fresh water .
An option is to sweeten with maple syrup , rice syrup or honey to your liking .
Or in preference for a savory over sweet , include a little unrefined sea salt , or 1 / 4 Tsp non-pasteurised organically produced soy sauce .
For weight loss enjoy ½ hour before meals .
For weight gain , take directly after meals , will also assist digestion .
To enhance immune function and for amplified anti-inflammatory property including better probiotic value , blend 1 Tbs fresh milk kefir - grains just prior serving , taken as suggested above .
Including a source of vitamin C [ such as rose hip in this recipe ] taken together with kefir should be quite beneficial for the liver .
Research shows that taking vitamin C or kefir had beneficial effect in protecting the liver of mice , [ 1 ] so one would think that taking these together should give some benefit , and probably a better result than taking either of these on their own .
But ask yourself why in heavens were not kefir and vitamin C given together in a group of mice in that particular research ?
Kefir contains a powerful anti-oxidant , and since vitamin C is also an anti-oxidant , the intake of more than one form of anti-oxidant should be extra beneficial .
I personally have found this to be true .
Ripening and in fact preparing kefir under airlock , is optimal , for airlocks are designed to prevent air [ oxygen ] getting into the fermentation process , and by which prevents oxidation of compounds .
This also produces kefir or ripened kefir with improved flavour and possibly better nutritional profile .
For details regarding the use of an airlock for fermentation , please see above section Storing Kefir and Reducing Lactose .
Experimental Methods & Utensils for Kefir Making
The following section explains alternative experimental methods for culturing kefir .
Included are a few tips for those who do not intend using plastic utensils in kefir - making .
For the purist at heart , I explain a system that can be employed to help eliminate unwanted elements found in some natural materials such as commercially grown cotton , linen , bamboo , hemp and cane etc .
Also explained is a simple , natural liquid detergent , easily prepared for cleaning utensils .
After all , washing utensils is part and parcel of the culture - art of kefir , is it not ! ?
Please do not email me asking for pouches and what not explained below .
I simply do not supply these , nor do I have any idea where to obtain such items .
This section is simply for the experimenter at heart .
Preparing kefir in the common manner explained at the beginning of this web page , is by far the best method , unless you have a leather bag to culture kefir , as in the true , traditional method of Caucasus .
Hang on !
I do not supply these either , nor do I have any idea where to find them :-)
IMPORTANT NOTE
I recommend only using a spare portion of kefir grains in any experimental work , and always keep a portion of grains cultured in the common manner .
This should avoid you losing your original culture , in case the kefir grains do not favour your experimentation .
POUCH -METHOD for PREPARING KEFIR
This simple method makes the kefir - culturing process [ routine ] a little more simple , by eliminating the straining step .
Placing kefir grains in a pouch made from linen or cotton gauze is only recommended for culturing water kefirs e.g. , Kefir d'erba medica , Kefir d'acqua [ water kefir ] or Kefir d'uva .
A pouch such as the hemp - pouch explained below , is best suited to contain the grains when culturing a milk - kefir .
This is due to the very open weave of this particular type of hemp material .
Gauze or cheese cloth are too restrictive for milk kefir grains !
There is not enough !!
on my keyboard to express the importance of this fact !!!!
Using material with an open weave is necessary when culturing milk - kefir .
A material with an open weave such as the hemp pouch below , will have less tendency to become blocked with kefir - curds during the culture - process .
An appropriately made pouch - system also achieves what I refer to as an organic - fit , which causes less restriction for the grains .
This is not possible with most materials available today .
I find these points important if deciding to use alternative measures .
Although through personal research , I 've found that nothing beats culturing kefir using the common method .
Using the pouch - method may produce a milder tasting kefir , with a gel - like curd , similar to yogurt .
Making a Pouch for Holding Kefir Grains
Note .
A Hemp Pouch on the left is suitable for brewing water - based beverages and milk kefir .
However , a pouch fashioned from cotton gauze or other material with a tighter weave than the hemp pouch , is only suitable for making water kefir .
This is because a tightly woven material made into a pouch to hold milk kefir - grains , when placed in milk the weave becomes blocked with curd as the milk coagulates due to fermentation .
This prevents sufficient organisms from leaving the surface of kefir grains , and culturing the milk in a sufficient manner .
The organisms of the contained kefir grains become starved for nutrients , for milk can not pass through the blocked weave .
Make a pouch or pocket from well washed , non-coloured , very loosely woven fibre material e.g. , gauze or another form of natural fibre material .
Alternatively , cut a piece of said material into a circle about 11 - 14 cm [ 6 " - 8 " ] in diameter , and place the kefir grains in the centre .
Gather the ends of the material and tie with cotton , linen or silk string to make a pouch .
Be certain that the pouch is made loose , so the grains have plenty of room , and for milk [ or other medium ] to pass freely through the cloth , to and through the grains .
Be sure to wash all natural fibres well before made into a pouch .
See below for details .
Using the Pouch Place the pouch in milk [ or other alternative medium you may be using ] and follow the steps for making kefir explained in the common method above .
When the kefir is ready , remove the pouch and pour out the finished kefir into another container .
Wash the fermenting jar and the pouch gently with chlorine free fresh cold water .
Just repeat the process for culturing your next batch of kefir .
Making a Thicker Yogurt - like Curd Using the Pouch Method
To make a thicker kefir similar in texture to yogurt , use two jars with the pouch method .
After removing the pouch from one jar of 24 hour brewed kefir , simply place the pouch into the second jar of fresh milk .
Ferment for 24 hrs to make that batch .
This process eliminates the pouring and straining step .
One less step to perform ...
Neat , hey !?
You will find that once the pouch is removed form one jar , the kefir will have a nice , thick curd all the way through , which can be scooped out with a spoon ... < gulp - kefir - smile > aahhh !
that 's very nice indeed .
NOTE
I highly recommend gently stirring the contents once or twice after the first 8 hours fermentation .
This helps by - - # Bringing fresh portions of non-inoculated milk to the grain organisms in the pouch [ feeds the microflora ] .
#
Any kefir - curds formed within the pouch are released back into the surrounding kefir , preventing grain suffocation .
# Inoculates fresher portions of milk outside the pouch with grain organisms .
# Releasing kefir- curds blocking the pouch itself .
# Disperses the acidity evenly throughout the kefir .
This is due to the nature of the pouch method , which may have a tendency to make the kefir sour from top to bottom of the container , and within the pouch .
This particular hemp pouch was rendered from hemp - bark [ not thread ] , unwound from strong commercial hemp rope .
OK OK !
the agenda behind using hemp for the pouch is --
Hemp is one of the strongest natural fibres .
Hemp is resistant to rot .
Hemp is grown and cured pretty well " chemically - free " .
However , the fact that these days , imported hemp fibre contains harmful residues from pest and disease control agents used in fumigation or drenching .
So please be extremely careful with any source of hemp fibre , especially if it 's imported from China .
. .
ALL-IN - ONE METHODS
Next is a method that involves using the jar for making and straining the kefir .
I feel that this system is a closely related to the way kefir was traditionally made , because some previous kefir from the last batch is always left in the jar to be mixed in with fresh milk for the following batch .
Suitable Material for the All - in - One Method
For those who do n't mind using plastic , one could cut out the meshing of a plastic strainer into a round shape , then secure this over the mouth of a jar with the cut - out lid .
Cut the meshing the same size and shape as the mouth of the jar 's outer circumference .
Then cut out a large whole in the jar 's lid that is smaller than the mesh .
Screw the lid on the jar to hold the mesh in place .
If you have mason jars , then all you need to do is cut a round mesh form a nylon strainer , and secure it with the mason jar lid .
The lid becomes the strainer which is placed on the jar to strain the kefir .
It 's then removed and washed .
You need to stir the kefir just before each straining .
This is to help reduce clumps of curd into a smooth , liquid consistency , making it easier to strain through the mesh .
There are also sprouting jars or just lids commercially available , with a similar mesh as shown in the photo , as part of the lid .
They come in different mesh - hole size , so you can purchase the size that works best for you .
They are made to fit a mason jar , so if you already have the correct jar and lid , then all you need is the mesh .
Some come in nylon and some are stainless steel mesh .
I recommend the stainless steel brands .
Google for sprouting lids .
The Tea Infuser Method
Other systems that I 've experimented with , and which with some adjustment have given reasonable results , is the use of a tea infuser .
As the photo is self explanatory , there is little need to elaborate further .
However , the important matter of such a system is the infuser which holds the kefir grains , it must meet the requirement whereby it does not restrict the mother - culture to the point where it does not freely receive nutients .
In this case , the original infuser on the left , which was rendered from a fine stainless steel mesh fashioned into a long cylinder .
This is not suitable , for as explained in the photo , the mesh easily becomes blocked with curds as they form during the process of fermentation .
This slows down the fermentation process quite considerably , and the surrounding milk takes a much longer time to culture , than if the grains were put in the jar as they are .
Removing the stainless steel mesh infuser , and replacing it with , in this case , a tubular nylon netting with a diamond shaped weave [ holes ] , so the netting stretches with ease and is very flexible .
As one can see , this type of netting provides kefir grains with what I refer to as an Organic Fit .
The net does not become clogged with curd , because the holes of the net are large and the net stretches .
In fact , a chop stick or a spoon can be put down into the net through the opening on the top , so that the kefir can be easily stirred , which assists the culture - process .
To make kefir , simply add milk to the glass jug , brew for the required time , and then simply pour off the finished kefir through the spout .
Pour fresh milk through the opening on top of the lid to repeat the process .
No need to wash or rinse the mug in between each batch .
Cleaning the jug once a week should suffice , just to remove any sold curd that adheres to the inner walls .
As milk is poured through the top hole , it rinses the grains as is passes through the net and over the grains .
The Best Type of Netting
The type of net used for the tea infuser above in actual size .
Note the shape of the weave , it is diamond shaped .
It readily flexes and does not constrict the kefir grains .
This type of netting is found fashioned into body scrubs , which is made from a long tube of net , tied into a ball .
It can also be used to make a pouch as in the hemp pouch method above , to hold either milk kefir - grains or sugar kefir - grains .
However , I strongly suggest to be sure that the nylon material is Food Grade , for we do not want anything less , which can contaminate our kefir with carcinogens or other toxins .
Unwanted compounds are common in most non -food grade plastics , especially since most of these are made in China .
Laws or Codes of Practice are often overlooked , or not kept a close eye on , as we are beginning to learn with recent imports from China , including toxic milk sold in China itself very recently [ Sept - Oct. 2008 ] .
I have also used a hemp pouch as above , in place of a nylon net in the tea infuser , which also gave good results , producing wonderful kefir .
Unacceptable Infusers for Kefir Making
I 've experimented with the type of tea infuser shown on the left , and this type of ceramic infuser to contain kefir grains , does not give good results .
The reason should be quite obvious .
The holes are too few , and the ceramic material is too thick .
In fact , even if the infuser contained many more holes , because the wall of the infuser is so thick , the holes are rendered long and cylindrical .
Each hole becomes blocked with curd within a few hours of fermentation , which then starves the organisms of the contained kefir grains , because fresher milk can not reach the grains .
Also , the organisms of the contained kefir grains are not able to be released into the surrounding milk to sufficiently culture kefir .
I purchased the infuser from a local Asian grocery store .
I must state , it does work well for brewing herbal tea , as is it designed to do just that . .
Preparing Natural Fibre Utensils
For Safer Brewing
Before deciding to use any natural fibre - based material or utensil in your kefir making , or in fact , for any general cooking , I suggest first preparing the item with a simple process explained below .
This includes any material used for making kefir pouches , bamboo strainers , cloth used for making kefir cheese etc .
This system may help to remove or destroy any chemicals or toxins that may be present in natural fibre .
Please read this [ below ] for instructions .
NATURAL LIQUID DETERGENT
For cleaning or detoxifying natural fibre materials and utensils .
A natural way of keeping utensils clean ... very clean , in fact !
The two - step process explained below , may be used to remove chemical or toxic residues found in natural commercial fibres , including cotton , linen , bamboo , hemp or cane etc .
These include unwanted compounds that may have been used or formed during growing , processing or storing the natural fibre , material or utensil .
During my earlier research , I learned corn maize contaminated with aflatoxins or mycotoxins [ toxins produced by mold contamination ] , cooking the maize in the traditional Native America Indian fashion with either wood ash or lime lye or a mixture of both for preparing massa [ a maize dough for preparing traditional tortillas ] , the process destroyed those toxins in maize .
Hence why I decided to incorporate a rendition of this method for use in cleaning utensils and natural fibres etc .
Explained here is a two step system , for deactivating / extracting undesirable compounds with the use of -- 1 . a natural alkali .
2 . organic acids and enzymes .
It is not imperative to perform both steps .
You could just follow step 1 ; the lye wash .
Lye solution is also an effective natural detergent for washing utensils clean .
Excellent for chemical - free cleaning of any fresh vegetables , including legumes , to remove unwanted pesticides .
Ash lye us also an excellent way of removing unwanted pets insects from freshly harvested fruits and vegetables such as aphids , caterpillars , snails , slugs and earwigs etc .
Lye water will also kill and dislodge harmful bacteria that may be found on fresh vegetables .
House floors and glassware are cleaned without leaving any streak marks .
Wooden or other types of cutting boards are cleaned effectively also , removing odours left over from previous use .
Wood ash is also the best thing for removing odours from chopping boards and jars tainted with the aroma of pickles , such as pickling jars e.g .
In fact , I have yet found anything else that can remove odours from glass jars as well as scrubbing the jar with a small amount of wood ash .
General Method 1 .
Place the natural fibre or utensil in a pot and cover with a solution of wood ash lye .
Bring to a slow boil and simmer for about 2 minutes , stirring the material continuously with a spoon .
Remove the material and rinse well with cold water .
2 . Place the natural fibre utensil in a suitable pot , cover with 1/3 cup of non pasteurised vinegar to each 4 cups of water .
Let sit at room temperature for 12 hours to 24 hours .
Remove and rinse well in hot water .
Or , bring to a slow boil and simmer for 1 minute then rinse utensil with cold water .
How to Prepare Wood Ash Lye Water [ a Powerful Natural Liquid Detergent ]
Wood - ash lye water is prepared by mixing fluffy gray wood - ash mixed with water .
The ash must be prepared by burning natural and untreated wood .
This is to say , wood which has not been painted , stained , or chemically treated in any way what so ever .
The fluffy gray ash is first sieved to remove any pieces of charcoal .
The sieved ash is added to about 4 to 5 parts hot or cold water .
The mixture is stirred for a few minutes then left for 12 to 24 hours .
After this the ash settles to the bottom of the container to form a sediment .
A clear solution will form on top of the ash sediment .
Pour off the clear solution , which is your wood ash lye water .
Lye water has a slippery feel similar to soapy water .
This solution is used as a liquid detergent .
Ash lye needs to be diluted with hot water for use , similar to any liquid detergent .
A stronger lye may be prepared by bringing 1 : 3 [ ash to water by volume ] to a boil and then letting it sit for 12 to 24 hours before pouring off the clear solution of lye water .
Store the lye water in a separate container .
The partially spent ash that remains , still contains high amounts of potash alkali , which can be reused to make more lye wa
The Results of Free Agency 2009
NOTE : YOU MAY BE SPOILED OF JAEDONG'S RECENT MATCHES SHOULD YOU DECIDE TO PROCEED
+ Show
+
‘ 폭군 ’ 이제동이 원 소속팀인 화승과 극적으로 재계약에 성공했다 .
화승과의 1 차 협상 결렬로 FA 선언을 했던 이제동은 10 개 게임단이 모두 입찰을 포기하며 프로게이머 생명까지 위협받았다 .
하지만 원소속팀과의 2 차 협상 기간동안 화승과 이제동 본인 , 그리고 이제동의 부모님은 많은 대화를 통해 이견을 좁혔고 , 결국 극적으로 재계약에 성공한 것으로 알려졌다 .
화승 게임단 관계자는 “ 재계약을 위해 끊임없이 노력해서 만족할만한 결과는 낼 수 있었다 ” 며 “ 끝까지 포기하지 않고 협상에 임한 이제동 부모님께 감사드린다 ” 고 말했다 .
이로써 재계약에 성공한 이제동은 화승 소속으로 다음 시즌도 활동하게 됐다 .
+ Show
+
Free Agent Shine decides to retire
Free Agent decided to retire .
After deciding to become an FA to get an evaluation of his worth , failed to get offers from any team , and decided to retire .
KT agent said , " He already decided to retire if no team offered him a position when he became a Free Agent .
Our team decided to respect that decision . "
is 23 this year ( probably Korean ) and became a progamer in 2005 first half draft , and was a progamer for 5 years , but failed to make any outstanding achievements and decided to retire .
Source :
+ Show Spoiler [ Original Article ] +
원소속 팀을 떠나 FA를 선언했던 안상원이 결국 은퇴한다 .
자신의 가치를 다시 점검하고 평가 받기 위해 FA 를 선택한 안상원은 타 게임단의 입찰이 이루어지지 않아 이적에 실패했고 , 결국 은퇴를 결정한 것으로 알려졌다 .
KT 게임단 관계자는 “ 입찰이 들어오지 않을 경우 은퇴까지 생각한 채 FA 선언을 한 것 ” 이라며 “ 팀 역시 선수의 의견을 존중해 주기로 했다 ” 고 은퇴 이유에 대해 밝혔다 .
안상원은 올해 23살로 2005 년 상반기 드래프트를 통해 데뷔한 뒤 5 년 여간 프로게이머로 활동했으나 눈에 띄는 성적을 내지 못해 은퇴를 결정한 것으로 보인다 .
Free Agent Shine decided to retire .
After deciding to become an FA to get an evaluation of his worth , Shine failed to get offers from any team , and decided to retire .
KT agent said , " He already decided to retire if no team offered him a position when he became a Free Agent .
Our team decided to respect that decision . "
Shine is 23 this year ( probably Korean ) and became a progamer in 2005 first half draft , and was a progamer for 5 years , but failed to make any outstanding achievements and decided to retire .
Source : Here
+ Show
+
Free Agent HyuN Re-Contracts with MBC !
Free Agent Hyun re-contracted with his original team .
MBC Game agent revealed that they successfully re-contracted , after declining their first offer and becoming a Free Agent .
However , was not able to get an offer from other teams .
He was able to negotiate with his original team afterwards and will play as an
The conditions of the contract is said to be the same as the one from their 1st negotiations .
Source :
Here
+ Show Spoiler [ Original Article ] +
FA를 선언했던 고석현이 원소속팀 MBC 게임과 계약을 체결했다 .
MBC 게임 측은 31일 , 고석현과 계약에 합의했다고 밝혔다 .
고석현은 1 차 원소속팀과의 협상에서 MBC 게임이 게임이 제시한 조건을 거부하고 FA 를 선언한 바 있다 .
그러나 고석현은 다른 팀과의 2 차 협상에서 별다른 성과를 거두지 못했다 .
고석현에게 응찰했던 팀이 없었기 때문 .
이에 고석현은 원소속팀과의 추가 협상 기간에 MBC 게임과 합의점을 찾아 09 - 10 시즌에서 MBC 게임 소속으로 활약할 수 있게 됐다 .
한편 , 계약 수준은 지난 1 차 협상 때 MBC 게임이 제시한 조건과 같은 것으로 알려졌다 .
Free Agent Hyun re-contracted with his original team .
MBC
Game agent revealed that they successfully re-contracted HyuN , after declining their first offer and becoming a Free Agent .
However , HyuN was not able to get an offer from other teams .
He was able to negotiate with his original team afterwards and will play as an MBC player in 09 - 10 season .
The conditions of the contract is said to be the same as the one from their 1st negotiations .
Source :
' Tyrant ' Jaedong successfully re-contracted with his original team Hwaseung OZ After the first negotiations with Hwaseung Jaedong declared free agency .
However , all 10 gaming teams gave up on bidding for him , and he almost lost his life as a progamer .
However , during the 2nd negotiation period with his original team , Jaedong and his parents talked a lot and finally succeeded in re-contracting with Hwaseung .
Hwaseung 's agent said " After endless attempts to re-contract Jaedong , we were able to come up with acceptable results for both sides . "
" I want to thank Jaedong 's parents for negotiating without giving up to the end .
" Since Jaedong succeeded in re-contracting , he will be playing next season as Hwaseung OZ player .
Source : Here
Thanks for fixing the typo !
The details wo n't be out until Sept. 3rd .
I 'll edit this thread as soon as they are out .
UPDATE 1 : According to one netizen comment on the article , it was for 150,000,000 Won / Year + options = 200,000,000 Won / Year .
Well , it sounds like Jaedong deserves more and it's not much higher from the original offer , but then you can't compare Hwaseung with a team like SKT .
I 'm just glad JD can play for at least a half - decent salary .
I certainly think it 's better than retirement .
UPDATE 2 : go . go goes back to Hite !
His interview here UPDATE 3 : Shine decided to retire .
UPDATE 4 : Fomos released another article about Jaedong returning to Hwaseung and how he feels about it .
No additional information on salary / etc. though .
Main points were describing the situation and Jaedong saying : " I am happy I can continue to chase after my goals .
Truthfully , I could n't practice well because I could n't grip the mouse well .*
I think it was the hardest moments of my life .
I know my parents are worried about me .
This happened because they love me , and I am thankful .
My coaches and teammates had hard time as well .
They helped me as more than just a teammate , and my coaches gave me courage .
I want to thank everyone who helped to resolve this .
Since all the big leagues are over , I want to rest and go on trips .
Thanks to my fans I were able to overcome this obstacle .
I want to thank again those who helped make this possible and since I get to work with the people I love , I will work harder and produce better results next season . "
* Probably means he could n't concentrate because his thoughts were on being with his team .
In bold :
This is why I love Jaedong ( No Lomo jokes please ! )
Source : Here Similar article about Shine main point was Shine saying : " Even before I learned about the Free Agents , I was thinking of retiring .
I hope people do n't misunderstand and think I 'm retiring because of FA .
After playing for such a long time , I began to lose interest .
I kept playing because it was my job , but I realize it would be a waste of time to keep playing with this attitude .
The older progamers whom I was friendly with confirmed this .
I 'm thinking of enlisting for military service .
I do n't think I failed as a progamer , but I do n't think I succeeded as well .
I do n't regret , but I am disappointed about my results .
I should have made some achievements when I was still interested .
Being a progamer is stressful and hard .
You should n't become one unless you 're into the game and will practice and work hard without anyone having to tell you .
I met a lot of good people in progaming , so I feel like I got something out of being a progamer .
I hope those who remain have more success than I do .
" Source : Here UPDATE 5 : Midas goes to wemade ( not from FA , but afterwards ) and HyuN go back to their original team !
Midas : http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=101579UPDATE
6 : According to naver sports and nate news Jaedong gets over 300,000,000 won , with salary and incentives .
I do n't believe this until fomos confirms it .
Netizens in Fomos are flaming and debating whether this is true or not .
Source : Naver Source : Nate Found out both sources just copied the article on Sports Khan Update 7 :
It is very unlikely that we 'll see any numbers for Jaedong 's contract .
Bumping this thread is discouraged !
GOP pounces on bad jobs report UPDATED
Job losses mounted unexpectedly in June -- followed by an increase in GOP press releases citing Thursday 's abysmal unemployment report as proof Barack Obama 's stimulus plan is failing to live up to promises .
Five e-mails arrived in my inbox within 32 minutes of the report 's 8:30 release .
UPDATED : Make that six , with a new number one :
1. Rep. Mike Pence ( R - Ind. ) , chairman of the House GOP conference , 8:34 ( ! ) :
" Congress should be doing what every American family is doing during these tough economic times : cutting expenses , and making sacrifices .
Instead , Washington is pushing for more spending , more debt and higher taxes , all on the backs of our nation ’s taxpayers . "
2. Republican Study Committee Chairman Tom Price ( R - Ga. ) , 8:45 a.m.:
“ After five months of the so - called stimulus , Americans are left with just one question : where are the jobs ?
The administration assured us its bloated spending package would halt unemployment at 8 % , yet it has now hit 9.5 % and continues a rapid ascent .
This is not the economic security that Americans were promised – far from it !
It seems the grim outlook of the job market is only matched by the impending fiscal disaster to which this failed stimulus is contributing . "
3. Republican National Committee , 8:47 a.m :
" JUDGMENT DAY : Facts Belie Obama 's " Rose - Colored Forecast " As
Unemployment Hits 9.5 % Percent . "
4. House Minority Leader John Boehner ( R - Ohio ) , 8:48 a.m.:
“ Today ’s employment report reminds us that spending , taxing , and borrowing with reckless abandon is no way to create more jobs , yet that is exactly what Democrats in charge of Washington have done all year long .
Middle - class families and small businesses are hurting , and they ’re looking to Washington for real solutions that wo n’t raise their taxes and drive future generations into even deeper debt ...
That at ’s the same failed formula that has cost Americans their jobs in the past , and it ’s costing them their jobs once again .
We must do better , and that starts with Democrats working with Republicans to help families and small businesses emerge from this economic crisis . ”
5. Minority Whip Eric Cantor ( R - Va. ) , 8:51 a.m.:
" The American people do not support a government healthcare plan that will increase costs , reduce patient choice and flexibility , and lower the quality of care available in our country .
The American people do not support the radical Cap & Tax plan which will impose a hard - hitting tax upon families and small businesses costing our struggling economy thousands of jobs ... At some point , even the Speaker must realize that enough is enough .
Republicans will continue to offer innovative solutions that put job creation first , and we hope that fair minded , centrist Democrats concerned about the direction this Congress has taken will work together with us . "
6. National Republican Congressional Committee , 9:02 a.m.:
" Jobless Rate Reaches 26 Year High : Where are the Stimulus - Created Jobs ?
Democrats Continue to Deficit Spend , Create Bigger Government as Unemployment Continues to Skyrocket . "
Glenn
Thrush is senior staff writer at Politico Magazine .
We want to like stock car racing .
The cars we own , raced in a spectacle of American ingenuity and skill - it 'd be awesome .
So why does n't NASCAR do that ?
Advertisement
For years NASCAR was unstoppable , and it 's still the second - most watched sport after football .
It 's still the only racing most people will ever see , but viewers are evaporating , as are sponsors and the crowds at the races , and it is n't just the bad economy .
It 's that people are beginning to notice the cloned cars , the guy on pole winning too often , the thick corporate glaze on every surface including the drivers ' eyes - all this in a sport that started with government agents chasing booze - runners down country roads .
While they probably would n't go for letting us do that again - too hard to televise , for one thing , not to mention the wear and tear on Federal employees - we have a few ( let 's say ten ) modest proposals of our own for the day when , in the fullness of time , we are put in charge of NASCAR .
Photo Credit : Daniel Schumpert
Advertisement
1. ) Race in the rain .
So it rained at Watkins Glen yesterday , right before one of the very rare road races on the NASCAR calendar , and even though Goodyear has had a Sprint Cup rain tire in development for years , they postponed the race until today .
Unacceptable !
Are America 's best drivers afraid of a little moisture ?
Are America 's best sports marketers afraid of a little bit of non-telegenic crowd thinning ?
To hell with that .
Make 'em run in the rain , we say — and not just on the road courses .
We want to see Mark Martin muscle his car around Talledega as rainwater pours down the banking .
It might not be quite as fast as in the dry , but the relative speeds would be about the same , and you can bet it would be good and suspenseful .
Photo Credit : Todd Warsham / Getty Images Sport
Advertisement
2. ) Race on different surfaces .
" From dirt you came , and to dirt will you return , " the Bible tells us .
NASCAR fans love the Bible , and a look at the infield will tell you they love dirt too .
So why not more dirt races at the top levels ?
For that matter , why not spoon on some sand - paddle tires and run on the beach at Daytona in a nod to their much - flogged past ?
Or head north to Alaska , where a certain high - profile NASCAR fan says it is as throughout all of which that big wild good life teeming along the road that is north to the future , and run on the ice ?
After all , the French race on ice , and by God we are every bit as good as they are .
Advertisement
Photo Credit : Daniel Schumpert
Advertisement
3. ) Run on road courses as well as ovals ... simultaneously .
It has n't escaped our attention that many NASCAR venues — Daytona and Indianapolis spring to mind — have perfectly serviceable road - course sections that exit from and enter onto the oval .
These sections sit sadly unused during the race .
Why not give teams the chance to use any way around the track they want ?
True , the speeds on the infield sections are much lower , but this could be compensated for by scoring road - course laps differently .
Thus , the " Daytona 500 " would become , say , the " Daytona 500 ( Or 420 If You Run A Third Of Your Laps Through The Infield ) . "
Or hell , they could just cut across the grass if they think they 're good enough .
Naturally the crowd would find this a bit confusing if they thought about it , but truth be told the average NASCAR fan does n't know what the hell 's going on or who 's leading at any given point anyway , and all those smart NASCAR fans that we 're always hearing about ( but , frankly , have never met ) will have no problem keeping up .
And all that merging will be lots of fun to watch .
Advertisement
Photo Credit : Todd Warshaw / Getty Images Sport
Advertisement
4. ) Run some races on street courses .
Okay , so Monaco or Long Beach it wo n't be , and it's hard to imagine a major metropolis like New York or Chicago or even Atlanta putting up with it .
But there are plenty of cities in the heart of stock - car country that would love to nail plywood over the windows on Main Street , haul lawn chairs up to the roof , and watch Tony Stewart put Carl Edwards right through the front of the Winn - Dixie .
Hell , imagine what Winn - Dixie would pay for that kind of exposure .
And it would certainly draw folks who would never otherwise go to , say , Mobile or Galveston or Biloxi .
Note that we named three port towns ; if NASCAR is going to hold a street race , it 's only right that fans should watch it from their bass boats .
Advertisement
Photo Credit : Mike Stobe / Getty Images Sport
Advertisement
5. ) Mandatory minimum times for pit stops .
Let 's set 20 seconds as the absolute least time you can spend getting gas and tires and levy harsh penalties for going under that .
" Races are often won or lost in the pits , " they say , and they 're right , and we 're sorry but that just plain sucks .
Quite frankly we 're heartily sick of it .
While it 's true that the gas can man and the squeegee guy and the tire - changers are all absolutely necessary as well as pretty spectacular at their jobs , there is no way in hell that they should ever be a factor in winning an auto race .
Losing , sure ; let them screw up all they want , although they wo n't have the excuse of pressure any more .
This move will increase safety , too , which may not be good for TV ratings depending one who you believe , but it would add to the purity of the sport .
Races should be won on the track and nowhere else .
Advertisement
Photo Credit : Streeter Lecka / Getty Images Sport
Advertisement
6. ) Major violations will now be punished by removal of advertising from your car .
Did you screw up big time ?
You rub a little more than racing allows , pass under yellow , spend less than 20 seconds in the pits more than a few times ?
We 'll hit you where it really hurts .
Your team is stripped of sponsor iconography for the entire event .
Your sponsors are going to be really , really ticked at you , and you 're going to lose money .
You have to run a car in one solid color and that 's it , plus no patches on your coveralls .
And no mealy - mouthed laundry - list style thanking of corporate entities in interviews all weekend , because while you 're doghoused you 're limited to commentary on matters directly pertaining to the race itself .
Well , you should have thought of that before you tested our patience .
That 's right ; we 're the kind of bastards that will force NASCAR teams to be tasteful in appearance and thoughtful in conversation as punishment .
Advertisement
7. ) Major crashers will be awarded the Lady Earnhardt Trophy .
On the other hand , it 's no mystery what puts the cheek meat in the cheap seats .
Plus , there should be some sort of award for putting Carl Edwards through the front window of the Winn - Dixie ... besides the key to the city of Mobile , that is .
So we 're taking a page from hockey , a sport where brutal fist - fighting is allowed as " part of the game " but which awards the Lady Byng Trophy to the all - around most gentlemanly player every year .
Our trophy , the Lady Earnhardt , will go to the driver who causes the most wrecks in a season .
Unlike the Lady Byng , people will actually want to win it .
Especially because it will come with a cash incentive that will grow as ratings drop .
Advertisement
Photo Credit : Daniel Schumpert
Advertisement
8. ) Stock car racing will now be actual stock car racing as teams visit the dealerships for new cars every week .
NASCAR 's new motto : " Buy on Monday , win on Sunday . "
Every team is now required to go to the dealership closest to next week 's track and get their Fusions and Impalas and Camrys and what have you right off the lot .
We assume the manufacturers will pitch in by selling conversion kits with race engine parts and safety equipment to the teams , but the fun outfits and the privateers will be especially fun to watch as they go it alone .
Perhaps the best part is that for the next five days , we get to see a marathon wrenching session as the crews get the car ready to race .
Naturally , this is a perfect opportunity for a live - action build show , following a different team every week , which should be especially exciting when the teams make the haul up to Alaska .
And the carmakers would get a big boost as the public would identify their own cars much more closely with the racing versions .
From what we hear , cars constructed in this fashion could n't be all that much worse than the Car of Tomorrow .
Advertisement
9. ) A week before each race , teams would be told which car they 'll be using .
Because seriously , Fusions and Impalas and Camrys ?
Not that they 're really that much more boring than Monte Carlos and Thunderbirds and Grand Prix , but when every automaker has a dozen different models , why go with just one ?
Make it interesting , too ; for every couple Camaro / Mustang / Challenger races , let 's see the Tahoes / Explorers / Durangos out there on the ovals .
Maybe the ensuing vehicular carnage will finally get people to stop buying them altogether .
And as far as we 're concerned , the truck series can just get folded in with the Sprint cup for a couple races a year - the existence of truck racing is still hard for us to accept .
Advertisement
10 . ) The Smokey Yunick " It Did n't Say You Couldn't " rule will let 'em cheat like crazy .
Advertisement
Not that we'd just let them , exactly , but every team is encouraged to try and get as much as possible past the inspectors , who will be doing their damndest to catch teams in the act .
Every team will get , say , five " mulligans " or chances to get caught without penalty , no harm no foul ; if they 're caught a sixth time , points are docked .
However , and this is the genius part , if they pull off something clever and can provide documentation showing what they did and how , they not only suffer no penalty but are rewarded a point bonus .
This rewards resourcefulness and good old American know - how — but at the same time , inspectors will know what to look for at the next race .
Teams will have to weigh the finishing position cheating gets them against getting " fess - up points " but not being able to use the same trick twice .
Is the nitrous hidden in the driver 's CamelBak still paying dividends ?
Are they close to catching us ?
How much longer can we keep mum about how all - fired smart we are , especially if we keep finishing 15th anyway ?
This rule change is genius and NASCAR should implement it now , or at least admit they 've been using their own variations on it for years .
Yeah , maybe we can't take the sport back to its much - ballyhooed roots of high - speed bootlegger chases through the moonlit mountains of the South , fun as that would be .
But we can try to inject some of the excitement , ingenuity , and plain old fun from that golden age , the stuff that NASCAR loves to talk about while simultaneously moving as far from as possible .
Austritt aus der SPD
Tauss will als Pirat im Bundestag bleiben
Aus Protest : Der Bundestagsabgeordnete Jörg Tauss hat der SPD den Rücken gekehrt .
Auslöser sei die Zustimmung der Partei zu den Internet - Sperren zur Eindämmung von Kinderpornografie .
Sein Bundestagsmandat will er behalten - und zur Piratenpartei wechseln .
空気を読んでインデントを設定してくれるky-indent.elを書いてみました。
なにするの ?
インデント設定の違うコードをいじってると、インデントがづれていやーな気分になります。
そこで、ky - indentはファイルを開いたとき(あるいはM-x ky - indentとしたとき)に、ファイルの内容をチェックして、空気を読んだインデントを設定してくれます。
news Who Watches the Watchmen Garbage Men ?
Photo by Rita Sarker from the Torontoist Flickr Pool .
“ Nothing ever ends , ” the bright blue Doctor Manhattan tells Adrian Veidt towards the end of Watchmen , the seminal graphic novel about costumed heroes .
Consistently emotionally unaffected , Doctor Manhattan thinks in purely logical terms , and Veidt , the world ’s smartest man , has ( spoiler alert ! ) just killed millions in an elaborate plot intended to rescue a deteriorating world .
For the first time , though , Veidt seems in some small way insecure about whether that end justified the means , and asks Doctor Manhattan if he “ did the right thing , ” because “ It all worked out in the end . ”
“ ‘ In the end ’ ? ” Doctor Manhattan replies , “ Nothing ends , Adrian .
Nothing ever ends . ”
The city workers ’ strike has led to no mass murder , and of yet no big - budget film adaptation ( we can dream ! ) , but what ’s certain is that whenever it does finish , and whatever its result , its effects — political , economic , and otherwise — will linger on long after for all those involved , just as that pang of uncertainty over whether it was all worth it will for all those responsible .
We like to think that all that was somehow in the head of whoever scrawled “ WHO WATCHES THE GARBAGE MEN ? ” in Doctor Manhattan blue on the wall of 1116 King Street West , the City - owned Transportation Services building , a facility responsible in part for “ road sweeping , ” “ grass cutting , ” and “ pothole and crack repair . ”
The spray - painted phrase is a play on “ WHO WATCHES THE WATCHMEN ? ” , which derives from a Roman poem warning of unchecked power and which is spray - painted on walls throughout Watchmen .
Rita Sarker discovered it on the street - facing wall of the City building yesterday ; according to her , it ’s “ probably been there for four or five days now . ”
Former CIA analyst Michael Scheuer told Fox News ’ Glenn Beck , “ The only chance we have as a country right now is for Osama bin Laden to deploy and detonate a major weapon in the United States . ”
Jon Stewart found himself outraged at Beck ’s guest .
“ Hey , is there any way you can yell loud enough into your TV at home for the people inside in to hear you ? ”
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from Comedy Central ’s The Daily Show , broadcast July 1 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
I must say I feel a certain kinship with this guy .
I think he handled himself pretty well , especially given the vicious tone of the cameraman .
His response to the question about Major Cook , the new self - made martyr of birtherism , is perfect : “ Does he know who I am ? ”
The sign - maker ’s first question — “ Who do you work for ? ” — comes directly from the Third Law of Paranoia : “ They ” are all in it together .
The repeated demands ( “ I wanna know yer [ expletive deleted ] name ! ” ) and cheeky derogatives ( “ son , ” “ hero ” ) have a troubling similarity to the roaring , angry approval of the crowd in this now - famous video :
including signs of candidates I supported
The wingnut ’s second question : “ that ’s how liberals operate ? ” is a projection of his own mind .
For the record , anytime you find a political sign in the public right - of - way it is legally considered LITTER and subject to removal by ANY CITIZEN .
I ’ve personally removed hundreds of such signs over the years — — because I do n’t like ugly , garish objects cluttering the public environment .
The man on camera has my sincere gratitude and support .
What ’s your real passion ?
What ’s that thing that you could do all day long , without even thinking of being tired , with deep focus and endless joy ?
Finding your true passion is one of the most important breakthroughs you can hit in your life .
Choosing A Personal Path
It surely was quite a breakthrough in my life , that I know for sure .
10 years ago I started my own business , as an independent online publisher .
Took me several years to understand that my real passion was only partially congruent with my business , and several other years to solve this situation .
I did n’t know from the beginning that I was on a slightly wrong path .
Having an online business is a great play .
And I mean it , it ’s something that you should really play with .
But it was n’t my true passion .
Being an online entrepreneur was connecting with my true passion on several points , but it was n’t a perfect match .
The rest was a really consuming activity .
I was confused .
Some things I had to do while having an online business were nourishing me , some things were draining me out .
I just was n’t complete .
Being an independent online publisher had a lot of nice things attached .
I was my own boss ( I still like this , by the way ) , I was playing on a revolutionary field , I was facing challenges all the time .
I even learned programming and that was a thing that proved useful to me for years .
But it was n’t enough .
Although I enjoyed my new status a lot , something was missing from the puzzle .
Most of the people I met during that time admired me .
Some of them for the courage of being an entrepreneur , some of them for the quite visible success I had in my niche .
But I never felt very comfortable in that position .
Passion Is Power
Most of the time you go for the things you admire .
There ’s an inner mimic approach in our human nature that makes for a constant , magnetic attraction towards the things or the persons we admire .
We tend to be like them .
We chose role models and spend our life trying to be like them .
Most of the people are living by imitation .
Being an online entrepreneur was surely something I admired a lot at that time .
Unconsciously , I assumed that if I would become an online entrepreneur I would be happy and fulfilled , I will live my life with joy and happiness .
And , partially , I did .
But only partially .
And after a few years I realized : your true passion is what empowers you the most , not what you admire the most .
It was n’t an epiphany , but rather a gradual process that took several years .
It was a subtle , but extremely important perspective shift .
As an online entrepreneur I did a lot of things : programming , managing , selling , lobbying .
But only some of those things were really important to me .
I liked to code , to write website applications , to put my ideas on servers , as I used to say .
I was n’t very much into managing or into selling .
I also did some lobbying when I had to , but it was n’t at the same level with programming .
I felt powerful whenever I created something .
Whenever something valuable emerged as a direct result of my efforts I had an unspeakable feeling ofÂ happiness , and , yes , power .
I really felt powerful when I launched each and every of my websites .
And I finally realized what was my passion : to create , share and enjoy value for me and for anybody who will need that .
That is what I ’m doing right now with this blog : with each post I feel like I ’ve created something .
Each time I hit “ publish ” I ’m happy .
And powerful .
Years after I started my business , and several months after I sold it , I put my passion into a personal mission statement .
I read this statement each day and it still sounds fresh and natural to me .
I ’m not bored , nor filled up with .
It ’s my passion .
Admiring With Caution
As opposed to passion , comes admiration .
These are completely different things , yet so easy to mistake for somebody who ’s trying to find his own personal path .
This confusion was one of the biggest lessons I had to learn so far .
Took me a while , but I learned it well .
And it is such a simple and easy to understand lesson : do n’t go with what you admire , go with your gut .
Do n’t imitate , be yourself .
Do n’t walk on somebody else ’s footsteps , chose your personal path .
It ’s so easy to mistake your admiration as being your passion .
But in fact , what you admire the most is your highest distraction .
The thing you are doing with the highest commitment is your real passion .
The thing that makes you powerful and independent .
The thing that makes you smile and be happy .
The thing that you could do for hours , days , month , years .
And still not feeling tired .
Admiration is taking your energy from you and send it to your object of admiration , being it a role model , a social status or a specific object you want .
Becoming “ like ” somebody else is usually the end of your true self .
If you are “ like ” somebody else you ca n’t be “ like ” yourself anymore .
I tend to be more cautions with my admiration impulses these days .
I do admire a lot of people and I acknowledge the influence they had on my life until a certain point .
But I use admiration mostly as a trigger for inner assessment .
Do I really want to be like that person ?
Do I really share all of the values involved ?
Do I really know how is it to be in his shoes ?
Find Your Passion
Your passion is your power .
It ’s the hidden link between you and the endless ocean of opportunities on which you are sailing .
You do n’t need power to find your passion , because your passion IS your power .
All you need is focus and honesty .
Focus on what is making you powerful .
And be honest about it .
That ’s all .
If staring at walls makes you powerful , do it .
If meditating is making you powerful , do it .
If talking with other people makes you powerful , do it .
If understanding other people dreams is making you powerful , do it .
Whatever works for you .
On 28th july ,2009 when i opened twitter , i was shocked to see a different webpage , i checked and rechecked the url and finally understood they have redesigned front page , lol
The earlier tag - line or description whatever was
“ Twitter is a service for friends , family , and co-workers to communicate and stay connected through the exchange of quick , frequent answers to one simple question :
What are you doing ?
“ Share and discover what ’s happening right now , anywhere in the world ”
you 're a regular around these parts
According to twitters official blog
We 'll likely continue to make changes to the Twitter home page as we respond to feedback and ideas .
We 're eager to see if encouraging a sense of wonder and discovery leads to a better first impression of Twitter .
The front page has popular topics by minute , time and day
and now is has changed to If , then you wo n't notice the new look unless you sign out of your account .
Helping people access
Twitter in more relevant and useful ways upon first introduction lowers the barrier to accessing the value Twitter has to offer and presents the service more consistently with how it has evolved .
I personally didnt like the new look , coz i used 2 like cool , cute twitter bird icon , now it has become more smaller and insane , hehe , and the page has become more blank , , which used to display only after logging , hope they again change it , this time , more better and more not so empty Check official blog of twitter http://blog.twitter.com/
No document with DOI " 10.1.1.112.4765 "
The supplied document identifier does not match
any document in our repository .
David Kramer
LRC Blog
July 18 , 2009 LRC BlogJuly 18 , 2009
As with a recent blog I did about a Rothschild puppet blatantly promoting a One World Government solution to our “ man-made ” global warming “ crisis , ” now Secretary of State ( and CFR member ) Clinton admits in her latest address to the Council on Foreign Relations what Carroll Quigley wrote about in Tragedy and Hope ( Chapter 65 ) , Dan Smoot wrote about in The Invisible Government , and Gary Allen wrote about in None Dare Call It Conspiracy :
“ Thank you very much , Richard , and I am delighted to be here in these new headquarters .
I have been often to , I guess , the mother ship in New York City , but it ’s good to have an outpost of the Council right here down the street from the State Department .
We get a lot of advice from the Council , so this will mean I wo n’t have as far to go to be told what we should be doing and how we should think about the future .
[ emphasis mine ]
I can assure you that when I was in public school in the 1960s and early 1970s , not once did I ever hear about an organization called the Council on Foreign Relations in any of my history classes .
If this organization seems to have such a powerful influence on the Federal Government ’s actions , why have I only been hearing about it in the past decade ?
Hmmmmm .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
President Obama delivered a fiery sermon to black America on Thursday night , warning black parents that they must accept their own responsibilities by “ putting away the Xbox and putting our kids to bed at a reasonable hour , ” and telling black children that growing up poor is no reason to get bad grades .
“ No one has written your destiny for you , ” he said , directing his remarks to “ all the other Barack Obamas out there ” who might one day grow up to be president .
“ Your destiny is in your hands , and do n’t you forget that .
That ’s what we have to teach all of our children !
No excuses !
No excuses ! ”
Mr. Obama spoke for 45 minutes to an audience of several thousand people , most of them black , clad in tuxedos and ball gowns , who had gathered in a ballroom of the Hilton New York to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People , the nation ’s largest civil rights organization .
He was one part politician and one part black preacher as he spoke in lilting cadences , his voice quiet at times , thundering at others , in unusually personal terms .
At one point , when his audience shouted back at him , repeating his words , he threw back his head and laughed , saying , “ I ’ve got an amen corner back there . ”
AMD has announced the ATI Radeon E4690 , a new GPU for embedded systems which it says will triple the performance of its embedded predecessor , the E2400 , and more than double that of the celebrated HD3200 integrated chip .
It 's not likely that the E4690 will be integrated into a northbridge from AMD any time soon , if ever , but there are reasons to hope it will happen .
The E4690 is n't intended for the consumer market ; AMD 's PR material mentions arcade systems , digital signage products , and casino games like slot machines and video poker .
These applications , AMD hopes , will be compelled enough by a high - performance embedded GPU to use it in their machines .
Although AMD - powered one - armed bandits may soon be robbing people all over the country , as a PC - gaming , digital signage - shunning , gambling - is - bad - for - you prude , I am unsatisfied .
I want the E4690 , or something very similar , in a northbridge .
Here 's why : HTPC .
The E4690 scores 2669 in 3D Mark 2006 , with a TDP of 25W , while the HD3200 GPU in the 780G northbridge scores only 1183 with a TDP of 15W .
The 780G , itself the most powerful onboard GPU ever , and in its own class compared with Intel 's offerings , is a lightweight next to this new embedded chip .
In fact , the E4690 's score is only 25 percent lower than the HD3850 .
And still , a lower - clocked E4690 can draw as little as 8W .
So , the E4690 can game way better than the 780G or any other onboard GPU .
It can also decode HD video streams , two simultaneous streams of 1080 p H.264 , in fact , with no intervention by the processor .
This means that , for HTPC applications , it wo n't really matter what the processor is .
Atom or Nano should be enough .
And , even for beefier HTPCs , the opportunity to go with an onboard GPU , even a relatively expensive one , would be most welcome .
The success of the 780G has shown that a relatively high - performing onboard GPU can be a selling point .
Packaged at some decent price , with hybrid crossfire and a PCIe slot , the E4690 could cut the knees out from the budget discrete GPU segment , and funnel those sales straight into AMD 's pocket .
As an ever - larger component of the discrete graphics market is overtaken by the performance of onboard GPUs , AMD can keep itself on the forefront , maintaining the distinctive product niche that 780G created .
In 2008 , the Canadian government discovered a new " third rail " of politics : copyright reform .
Long considered a wonky subject of interest only to legislators and rightsholders , interest in copyright has exploded in recent years , and Canadians showed a keen interest in talking about term length , time shifting , DRM circumvention rules , format shifting , mashups , remixes , the public domain , and the levies that Canadians currently pay on things like blank CD - Rs .
When Bill C - 61 was introduced in June 2008 , though , it was instantly clear that consensus would be hard to find .
Consumers wanted rights and flexibility , while copyright holders wanted ... well , I 'll let them explain it .
" We would be deeply concerned if the Bill allows people to copy artists ' work onto media devices like iPODS without compensation for creators ; and , also if existing levies and royalties are affected by this Bill , " said Brad Keenan , Director of the Performers ' Rights Society and Sound Recording Division at the Alliance of Canadian Cinema , Television and Radio Artists ( ACTRA ) .
It 's difficult to imagine a statement that would have made Keenan look any more out of touch with the modern world .
Looking for money from moving songs to these " iPODS " of which he spoke was a naked appeal to outlaw format shifting in Canada — if you want to move content to a different screen or speaker in your own home , you 'd best be ready to pay for it again , you filthy pirate .
While Canada 's levy regime does collect money for this sort of " private copying " ( experts argue passionately over whether the levy allows noncommercial users to download P2P music in addition to making private copies of personal material ) , this is not an approach that garners much sympathy among the country 's young " digital natives . "
Tremendous controversy developed around the bill , the issue was widely debated in Canadian papers and on blogs and radio programs , and C - 61 eventually died .
Now , the Canadian government is gearing up for copyright reform one more time — but it 's trying a far more open approach to the issue , first collecting public comment on the Web and in person before drafting a bill .
Cautious optimism
The government has launched a " Copyright Consultation " website to provide a public forum for debating copyright issues .
It is also holding a set of town hall meetings on the subject ( those who ca n't attend can at least watch a live stream of two of them ) .
The consultation wraps up on September 13 , and the government hopes to move quickly after that .
What 's most striking about the new consultation is the change in tone — everyone now recognizes just how much even Joe Six - pack - of - Molson has to say on the topic .
Emphasis added below .
" Canadians are concerned with copyright and its implications in our increasingly digital environment , " said Tony Clement , Minister of Industry .
" Our goal is to give Canadians from across the country a chance to express their views on how the government should approach the modernization of copyright laws .
Your opinions and suggestions will help us draft new , flexible legislation so that Canada can regain its place on the cutting edge of the digital economy . "
His fellow sponsor , James Moore , the Minister of Canadian Heritage and Official Languages , added , " By leveraging new technologies , we are providing as many people as possible with access to our consultative process through interactive , web - based and real - time discussions .
With today 's launch , we are on track to introducing modern and responsive copyright legislation in the fall . "
In other words : they learned some lessons from the last time around .
Groups like ACTRA are talking the same way , too .
Under new president Ferne Downye , the group welcomes the public involvement .
" It 's encouraging to see the current government embark on public consultations on copyright , " said Downey , who also supports network neutrality .
" If the traffic on Facebook and Twitter is any indication , there are a lot of engaged citizens of all ages eager to talk about copyright reform in Canada — a fantastic trend considering we are talking about copyright law . "
So , what does the government want to know ?
Broad things , mainly , though most of the comments so far appear to drive right into the weeds of format shifting , DVR use , and fair dealing ( the Canadian version of " fair use " in the US ) .
Here are the five questions that the government is asking :
How do Canada ’s copyright laws affect you ?
How should existing laws be modernized ?
Based on Canadian values and interests , how should copyright changes be made in order to withstand the test of time ?
What sorts of copyright changes do you believe would best foster innovation and creativity in Canada ?
What sorts of copyright changes do you believe would best foster competition and investment in Canada ?
What kinds of changes would best position Canada as a leader in the global , digital economy ?
As always with public comments , the answers are all over the place .
One professional photographer demands that " NO ONE should be able to use my work unless I ( or my representative (s ) ) have given express permission for that party to use my work , " while others talk about network neutrality and Internet bandwidth throttling .
Still , Michael Geist ( seen at left ) seems cautiously optimistic .
He 's the Canadian law professor who ginned up so much opposition to C - 61 through his one - man media empire of newspaper columns , blog posts , and Facebook pages , and he has already outlined his approach to copyright reform .
Rather than do anything dramatic , like reduce copyright to five years and legalize all P2P sharing , Geist instead wants the government to pledge that no term extensions are coming ( current term is life plus 50 years ) .
With that done , he wants explicit support for time - and format - shifting by consumers , more flexible " fair dealing " rules ( Canada does n't explicitly support fair use for satire or parody , as the US does ) , and a commitment that anticircumvention DRM rules wo n't ban circumvention so long as the intended use is legal .
Finally , Canada should not adopt a " three - strikes and you 're out system that removes Internet access based on unproven allegations of infringement , " but is should alter its statutory damages laws so that file - swappers and other noncommercial infringers do n't face the prospect of multimillion dollar fines .
To encourage public involvement , Geist has launched his own " Speak Out on Copyright " site .
No one yet knows what will come out of the consultation , of course .
Duncan McKie , who heads the Canadian Independent Record Production Association , has already said that C - 61 " did n't go far enough and more protection is needed to ensure music does n't become worthless , " according to Canadian newspapers .
The government might well endorse that position .
On the other hand , the scope of the consultation and the quite public resistance to C - 61 probably mean that something more balanced will emerge .
Another interesting hint : the consultation website runs on GNU / Linux and uses a Mongrel server to run Ruby on Rails Web apps .
AP foreign , Thursday February 5 2009
By CHRIS TOMLINSON
Associated Press Writer= WASHINGTON ( AP ) â ??
As it fights two wars , the Pentagon is steadily and dramatically increasing the money it spends to win what it calls " the human terrain " of world public opinion .
In the process , it is raising concerns of spreading propaganda at home in violation of federal law .
An Associated Press investigation found that over the past five years , the money the military spends on winning hearts and minds at home and abroad has grown by 63 percent , to at least $ 4.7 billion this year , according to Department of Defense budgets and other documents .
That 's almost as much as it spent on body armor for troops in Iraq and Afghanistan between 2004 and 2006 .
This year , the Pentagon will employ 27,000 people just for recruitment , advertising and public relations â ??
almost as many as the total 30,000 - person work force in the State Department .
" We have such a massive apparatus selling the military to us , it has become hard to ask questions about whether this is too much money or if it 's bloated , " says Sheldon Rampton , research director for the Committee on Media and Democracy , which tracks the military 's media operations .
" As the war has become less popular , they have felt they need to respond to that more . "
Yet the money spent on media and outreach still comes to only 1 percent of the Pentagon budget , and the military argues it is well - spent on recruitment and the education of foreign and American audiences .
Military leaders say that at a time when extremist groups run Web sites and distribute video , information is as important a weapon as tanks and guns .
" We have got to be involved in getting our case out there , telling our side of the story , because believe me , al - Qaida and all of those folks ... that 's what they are doing on the Internet and everywhere else , " says Rep. Adam Smith , D - Wash . , who chairs the Terrorism , Unconventional Threats and Capabilities Subcommittee .
" Every time a bomb goes off , they have a story out almost before it explodes , saying that it killed 15 innocent civilians . "
---
On an abandoned Air Force base in San Antonio , Texas , editors for the Joint Hometown News Service point proudly to a dozen clippings on a table as examples of success in getting stories into newspapers .
What readers are not told : Each of these glowing stories was written by Pentagon staff .
Under the free service , stories go out with authors ' names but not their titles , and do not mention Hometown News anywhere .
In 2009 , Hometown News plans to put out 5,400 press releases , 3,000 television releases and 1,600 radio interviews , among other work â ?? 50 percent more than in 2007 .
The service is just a tiny piece of the Pentagon 's rapidly expanding media empire , which is now bigger in size , money and power than many media companies .
In a yearlong investigation , The Associated Press interviewed more than 100 people and scoured more than 100,000 pages of documents in several budgets to tally the money spent to inform , educate and influence the public in the U.S. and abroad .
The AP included contracts found through the private FedSources database and requests made under the Freedom of Information Act .
Actual spending figures are higher because of money in classified budgets .
The biggest chunk of funds â ?? about $ 1.6 billion â ?? goes into recruitment and advertising .
Another $ 547 million goes into public affairs , which reaches American audiences .
And about $ 489 million more goes into what is known as psychological operations , which targets foreign audiences .
Staffing across all these areas costs about $ 2.1 billion , as calculated by the number of full - time employees and the military 's average cost per service member .
That 's double the staffing costs for 2003 .
Recruitment and advertising are the only two areas where Congress has authorized the military to influence the American public .
Far more controversial is public affairs , because of the prohibition on propaganda to the American public .
" It 's not up to the Pentagon to sell policy to the American people , " says Rep. Paul Hodes , D - N.H. , who sponsored legislation in Congress last year reinforcing the ban .
Spending on public affairs has more than doubled since 2003 .
Robert Hastings , acting director of Pentagon public affairs , says the growth reflects changes in the information market , along with the fact that the U.S. is now fighting two wars .
" The role of public affairs is to provide you the information so that you can make an informed decision yourself , " Hastings says .
" There is no place for spin at the Department of Defense . "
But on Dec. 12 , the Pentagon 's inspector general released an audit finding that the public affairs office may have crossed the line into propaganda .
The audit found the Department of Defense " may appear to merge inappropriately " its public affairs with operations that try to influence audiences abroad .
It also found that while only 89 positions were authorized for public affairs , 126 government employees and 31 contractors worked there .
In a written response , Hastings concurred and , without acknowledging wrongdoing , ordered a reorganization of the department by early 2009 .
Another audit , also in December , concluded that a public affairs program called " America Supports You " was conducted " in a questionable and unregulated manner " with funds meant for the military 's Stars and Stripes newspaper .
The program was set up to keep U.S. troops informed about volunteer donations to the military .
But the military awarded $ 11.8 million in contracts to a public relations firm to raise donations for the troops and then advertise those donations to the public .
So the program became a way to drum up support for the military at a time when public opinion was turning against the Iraq war .
The audit also found that the offer to place corporate logos on the Pentagon Web site in return for donations was against regulations .
A military spokesman said the program has been completely overhauled to meet Pentagon regulations .
" They very explicitly identify American public opinion as an important battlefield , " says Marc Lynch , a professor at George Washington University .
" In today 's information environment , even if they were well - intentioned and did n't want to influence American public opinion , they could n't help it . "
In 2003 , for example , initial accounts from the military about the rescue of Pvt. Jessica Lynch from Iraqi forces were faked to rally public support .
And in 2005 , a Marine Corps spokesman during the siege of the Iraqi city of Fallujah told the U.S. news media that U.S. troops were attacking .
In fact , the information was a ruse by U.S. commanders to fool insurgents into revealing their positions .
---
The fastest - growing part of the military media is " psychological operations , " where spending has doubled since 2003 .
Psychological operations aim at foreign audiences , and spin is welcome .
The only caveats are that messages must be truthful and must never try to influence an American audience .
In Afghanistan , for example , a video of a soldier joining the national army shown on Afghan television is not attributed to the U.S.
And in Iraq , American teams built and equipped media outlets and trained Iraqis to staff them without making public the connection to the military .
Rear Adm. Gregory Smith , director of strategic communications for the U.S. Central Command , says psychological operations must be secret to be effective .
He says that in the 21st century , it is probably not possible to win the information battle with insurgents without exposing American citizens to secret U.S. propaganda .
" We have to be pragmatic and realistic about the game that we play in terms of information , and that game is very complex , " he says .
The danger of psychological operations reaching a U.S. audience became clear when an American TV anchor asked Gen. David Petraeus about the mood in Iraq .
The general held up a glossy photo of the Iraqi national soccer team to show the country united in victory .
Behind the camera , his staff was cringing .
It was U.S. psychological operations that had quietly distributed tens of thousands of the soccer posters in July 2007 to encourage Iraqi nationalism .
With a new administration in power , it is not clear what changes may be made .
Obama administration officials have said they intend to go through the Department of Defense budget closely to trim bloated spending .
The emphasis on influence operations started with former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld .
In 2002 , Rumsfeld established an Office of Strategic Influence that brought together public affairs and psychological operations .
Critics accused him of setting up a propaganda arm , and Congress demanded that the office be shut down .
Rumsfeld has declined to speak to the press since leaving office , but while defense secretary he spoke bluntly about his desire to revamp the Pentagon 's media operations .
" I went down that next day and said , ' Fine , if you want to savage this thing , fine , I 'll give you the corpse , ' " Rumsfeld said on Nov. 18 , 2002 , according to Defense Department transcripts of a speech he delivered .
" ' There 's the name .
You can have the name , but I 'm gonna keep doing every single thing that needs to be done and I have . ' "
In 2003 , Rumsfeld issued a secret Information Operations Roadmap setting out a plan for public affairs and psychological operations to work together .
It noted that with a global media , the military should expect and accept that psychological operations will reach the U.S. public .
" I can tell you there would n't be a single American disappointed with anything that we 've done that might be out there , that they do n't know about , " says Col.
Curtis Boyd , commander of the 4th PSYOP Group , the largest unit of its kind .
" Frankly , they probably would n't care because maybe they are safer as a result of it . "
In January 2008 , a new report by the Defense Science Board recommended resurrecting the Office of Strategic Influence as the Office of Strategic Communications .
But Congress refused to fund the program .
In February , the Army released a new eight - chapter field manual that puts information warfare on par with traditional warfare .
The title of an entire chapter , Chapter 7 : " Information Superiority . "
---
Associated Press investigative researcher Randy Herschaft in New York contributed to this report .
---
READER COMMENTS ON
" AUDIO : Beck ' Lose[s ] Mind , ' Freaks Out at Radio Show Caller Over Health Care ... "
( 26 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... jamzz said on 7/15/2009 @ 2:50 pm PT ...
Glen and Axey must be good friends ...
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Yossie said on 7/15/2009 @ 3:00 pm PT ...
I feel sorry for the man .
He is severely mentally ill and his medical health insurance is n't covering treatment .
This is why we need a medical insurance reform .
That said , why do we bother listening to him ?
He does n't represent a point of view so much as a fantastic perspective that has little to nothing to do with reality .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... idontgetit said on 7/15/2009 @ 3:42 pm PT ...
Who is this guy ?
I 've never heard of him .
Is he a Rush wannabee ?
You can call me naive or ignorant , but I do n't listen to entertainers to get my news .
There 's a lot of serious issues going on in our country right now and so why do people want to get into a shout fest with some radio jockey ?
And why do they garner attention ?
Why do n't people just ignore all the entertainers out there ?
Without an audience , they 'll eventually go away .
And yes , this applies to both sides of the fence .
I do n't listen to Alex Baldwin or Keith Olbermann , etc. .
Call me stupid if you will but I do n't get it .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Batocchio said on 7/15/2009 @ 3:56 pm PT ...
Bad even for him .
It 's sad , too , because Beck should know better ( or does ) after his health woes .
But he 's still shilling away ...
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Debra LoGuercio said on 7/15/2009 @ 4:04 pm PT ...
Clearly Beck needs to have his meds readjusted .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 7/15/2009 @ 4:05 pm PT ...
Yossie @ 2 said : [ W ] hy do we bother listening to him ?
He does n't represent a point of view so much as a fantastic perspective that has little to nothing to do with reality .
And IDontGet
It @ 3 similarly said :
There 's a lot of serious issues going on in our country right now and so why do people want to get into a shout fest with some radio jockey ?
And why do they garner attention ?
Why do n't people just ignore all the entertainers out there ?
Without an audience , they 'll eventually go away .
As long as Beck is allowed to spout his rhetoric on our publicly - owned airwaves ( as he did here , on his radio show ) , and on our publicly - subsidized cable outlets ( as he does each night on Fox " News " ) , his " fantastic perspective " has everything " to do with reality " , since our airwaves and cable " news " outlets like Fox reach millions of Americans and strongly influence --- if not entirely drive and define --- the debates on such important issues as healthcare , energy , war and peace and everything else .
You are free to ignore those opinions .
However , millions have those opinions jammed down their eyes , ears and throats every day and are not offered balanced alternatives offering reality views instead at the same level .
You ignore such influences --- reliant on government - funded welfare --- at your ( and our ) own peril .
Corporations , and the stooges like Beck who represent them , have true freedom of speech , because they have enough money ( and government funding ) to buy it .
You and I do not .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Dori Smith said on 7/15/2009 @ 4:15 pm PT ...
Kathy , you appear to have been overshadowed in your efforts by the voice of a mad man who was clearly melting down .
It 's no surprise .
Glenn
Beck is working at a level he is in no way equipped to handle and it seems the pressure is getting to him .
You on the other hand , held up very well and you kept at it with facts and challenges .
So you are the voice we need to hear , and so please do n't let this experience deter you from making calls ... even to those like Beck who are not interested in the facts as much as they are in promoting some rough and tumble characters in the background who are funding their fake news reporting .
For those who want real statistics , not faux news from FOX , stick to web sites like Brad 's but also surf around to sites for the true numbers on US health care , insurance costs , what hospitals are doing in order to be able to survive this desperate economic time and how it impacts patients , statistics on US health care versus that in other nations , and then go to whatever lengths you can to force this vital information into the public square .
We all need to hear it !
There is in fact one interesting post at FOX , of all places , and it is derived from an AP report that shows how the US lags behind other nations in health care because of the soaring costs here .
http://www.foxnews.com/s...ry/0,2933,508971,00.html
There was also an interesting poll taken in 2008 as Harvard scholars asked Democrats , Republicans and Independents , if the US has the best health care system in the world .
Clearly Beck is intimidated by intelligent people , toss this data at him !
http://www.hsph.harvard....-health-care-system.html
Keep in mind of course that Harvard is not perfect either ..
But the report notes , " Nearly seven - in - ten Republicans ( 68 % ) believe the U.S. health care system is the best in the world , compared to just three in ten ( 32 % ) Democrats and four in ten ( 40 % ) Independents who feel the same way " .
So politics affect what we think .
I blame the media monopoly that has caused a steady deterioration of US news .
Glenn Beck is a political news ' hack ' working for the Republican right .
It makes perfect sense that his rhetoric reflects the lunatic fringe when it comes to facts about health care .
The fear tactics floating around at this point about an increase in taxes would be a non story if a good reporter 's story about the facts on health care costs could make it to corporate media , prime time on major TV networks .
America 's failed media can't or wo n't step up to offer real analysis of the crisis we face .
Kathy , maybe you should go to work in community radio , or better yet , expand that strong voice of yours by taking on Glenn Beck in the blogs .
Do n't let him off the hook after he spoke to you in such an insulting way .
He should be challenged by you and a whole team of others like you who care about the US health care system and those affected by it .
Obviously Beck should be fired for what he said , he should never work at FOX or in radio again .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... 72dawg said on 7/15/2009 @ 4:55 pm PT ...
Fox loves this stuff .
It probably is Murdock 's POV .
Murdock is one of those aliens who bought his citizenship with lies and a lot of money .
He should loose both and be shipped back to Australia .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... 72dawg said on 7/15/2009 @ 4:57 pm PT ...
I should add that I have no problem with most aliens , legal and otherwise .
Just the ones that want to destroy America by abusing our freedoms .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... idontgetit said on 7/15/2009 @ 5:06 pm PT ...
Brad , of course we all know this and I was being a bit facetious .
I can't , and yes , I should n't , ignore it .
We know what newstainment is about .
That it avoids the real issues , and yet at the same it sends out an ideological message to the masses .
It does that quite well .
Serious information is difficult to wrap one 's head around and making it entertaining makes it easier to consume .
It 's also a relief valve for a lot of people .
Both sides have found that it 's quite effective .
And the more the media plays this way , the more exposure these people get .
Both sides of the fence engage in a odd sort of ' look who just said what ' or ' look who just pulled a gaffe ' etc . .
I hate to go into Palinspeak here , but it is sort of this ' gotcha ' kind of thing .
When I lived in France ( where I grew up ) , TV would host people like Baudrillard and Virilio on prime time .
Sure it was entertainment , but it was highly engaging and thought provoking .
I could n't imagine the networks here putting on somebody like Jameson or Harvey .
They wo n't as they are all corporate owned .
Anyway , I just prefer to fight the battle on different fronts .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... mick said on 7/15/2009 @ 5:31 pm PT ...
As soon as your opponent screams and shouts in a debate you know that you have won , end of story .
Kathy 1
Beck 0
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... FormerDittoHead said on 7/15/2009 @ 5:57 pm PT ...
The thing Beck can't wrap his head around is that for all of his persuasiveness , people are n't buying it .
It 's not working .
How his kind were able to cling to their audience after no WMDs were found is beyond me .
That 's when * I * turned it off .
That did n't stop him , however .
Maybe Beck has to yell and scream so he can't hear that voice in his head repeating , " Glenn , you 're a good man .
They are good people .
Stop lying to them . "
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 7/15/2009 @ 6:08 pm PT ...
Glenn Beck is simply trying to top himself ...
His crying episode lost him huge credibility and the beatdown Whoopi Goldberg gave him cost him the rest .
Glen beck is on sliding down the other side of the heap ... into oblivion .
Good job Kathy ...
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... marzi said on 7/15/2009 @ 7:31 pm PT ...
Beck is a bad actor - he's not really losing his temper , but that does n't matter to right wing fans .
Their brains feel comfortable with the screaming rhetoric because they 're authoritarian and need to be told what to do and think .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Clint said on 7/15/2009 @ 9:00 pm PT ...
I 'm glad the caller did n't back down when confronted with Mr. Beck 's scream - laced insanity .
His characterization of Canada 's health care system was , of course , absurd .
I always knew Beck did n't have all the marbles , but I did n't realize he had the O'Reilly " cut his mic " approach to arguments .
Guess that 's what I 've been losing out on by deliberately ignoring everything that comes out of his mouth .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... PSzymeczek said on 7/16/2009 @ 11:15 am PT ...
Sure , Glenn , you can be " treated " in an ER in this country .
The difference between here and every other civilized nation is that here you get a bill for a couple thousand dollars or so , and if you pay it , you wo n't be able to afford the utility bill or rent that 's due next week .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... TLV said on 7/17/2009 @ 11:43 am PT ...
Once again , the right wing blabber box acts like a childish , insane , shrieking hater while his caller exercises what he has decided is NOT allowed unless those who who call agree with him 100 % - and that would be the right to free speech .
They do it in my area of Ohio as well .
As soon as the host detects that a caller is about to offer disagreement , they scream and disconnect .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... The Skeptical Cynic said on 7/17/2009 @ 6:08 pm PT ...
Whores whore for the money .
Some may even enjoy whoring sex and the fact that they can get paid doing what they enjoy .
Some may abhor that fact that they are whores but continue because the money is good and they need it .
Beck is a WHORE who fits one of those categories .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 7/18/2009 @ 2:50 am PT ...
My boyfriend does n't belly - laugh out loud at much , but this Glen Blech girl scream episode caused him slumping fits of happy giggles for over an hour .
He equates Beck 's meltdown with Crispin Glover 's unforgettable Cousin Dell in Wild at Heart when he shrieks " I'm MAKING my LUNCH ! "
He says it 's the shrill sound of ' mentally not having anywhere else we can go ' ...
And of course , " Get off my phone " the REMIX 's are already impregnating YOUTUBE :
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xHcwqLs1WvM
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Dori Smith said on 7/18/2009 @ 11:57 am PT ...
LOLAL with you and your boyfriend Jeannie .
I saw Wild at Heart a long time ago .
These bizarre films with good actors and actresses in them can reveal sides of human nature we do n't like to consider .
In fact so many of the hard line Republican wackos and the ' born again ' right wing politicians like GW Bush are so far over the top they seem like film or cartoon characters from history .
There is John Ascroft with his strange singing and his mad paranoia about tri-colored cats ... this all harkens back to the Christian crusader era as does Ashcroft 's culty version of Christianity itself .
The idea of a God that affords some folks ' power ' is absurd , but they so want to believe it somehow I guess .
These images bear considering as the Republican party melts down along with our Polar ice cap .
Not funny so much as emotionally exhausting to watch when one knows the consequences in their wake .
I was thinking of the chicken feather scene in the Italian film Bread and Chocolate just now .
It 's strange but you can see this kind of extreme take on good and evil underlying some of what the Beck 's talk about that is close to what we see in the extreme US Christian nation cults .
We just visited Alternet to watch another film of Sarah Palin with the crazed samurai sword ceremony .
http://www.alternet.org/..._samurai_sword_ceremony/
They keep emotionally pressuring these teenagers in the Masters program Bruce Wilson writes about .
Palin went through it and clearly she had confidence to exceed her personal abilities , something that coincides with cult thinking .
They appear to want to push the Dobson ideas about war for God , something from the Catholic Church 's dark past .
But what would a real Samurai think about a cult using their name and culture for this kind of Christian supremacy doctrine ?
I 'm not sure it would go over very well in Japan though it appears to play in this small segment of the population of Wasilla , Alaska .
The Italian film Bread and Chocolate had that rather splendid blond beast meets wide eyed peasant impact .
It had racial undertones that were likely about Hitler and other murderous types , serious messages underneath the comedic craziness .
Wild at Heart was kind of like passion of Christ meets Dracula meets The Drifters .
There can be something really unnerving about a God that would torture his beloved Son and threaten eternal damnation ( and of course torture ) for those who reject him .
Please do n't think I 'm criticizing this particular faith , just the failure of that faith that encourage peace , the most obvious message of Jesus .
I wonder what Beck 's favorite film is , then too I guess it would be 12 Monkeys , or the FOX horror Family Guy that keeps going and spinning off beyond all reason , just like Beck .
Now there is a version based on the one black character in it .
Who will watch it , Judge Thomas while enjoying pretzels with George HW Bush or Antonin Scalia ?
Hard to know .
It 's been clear from the start that Beck is a mean clown with eyes that plead with you ... put a straight jacket on my arms before I take actions to go along with these words !
I hope Kathy is keeping up the heroic pressure ...
Do read the Greenwald story Brad 's talking about today .
It puts the right emphasis on the collapse of our news media in general , and shows how some of the more serious news stars are over the top as well .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Damail said on 7/18/2009 @ 12:02 pm PT ...
So this means that all of the Bradbloggers were equally disgusted at the incidents when Ed Schultz , Mike Malloy and Randi Rhodes screamed and cut off disagreeing callers , right ?
Right ?
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 7/18/2009 @ 2:23 pm PT ...
I can't speak for all Bradbloggers , Damail , but for me , simply put --- yes .
Unequivocally .
I 'm so tired of opinion in my news ( that does n't ascribe itself as such ) and so much angry , blustery , bellowing , boasting stupidity on my air waves I could spit snot - balls and lumberjacks for a month of unseasonably warm Sundays .
I can say that most of us here understand that screaming like a baby - bitch in heat and hanging up on callers is not news , no matter which bitch is doing the horny dance .
Sadly , thanks to Clinton 's 1996 telecommunications act we here in the U.S. have dwindling listening / viewing alternatives .
No Walter Cronkites to counter all the hot - blah - blah blippity blah from the beltway bougouisee --- except BRAD , and some other equally noteworthy , hero - type game changers on the internet --- spinning and pointing to their talking - pointy heads ; one - tracked , half - keeled intellects , all .
Yes , Damail , most of us have some real bile and venom to spare for our ' artists formerly known as the fourth estate ' ( and their radio side show freak counterparts - just to distinguish where the corporate media can not . )
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Bluehawk said on 7/19/2009 @ 6:26 am PT ...
Comments 21& 22 ....
The left wo n't be taken seriously if we just imitate what the right did when they were in power .
Actually the left is n't in power ... but I hope you get my point .
I 'm not a fan of blustering no matter who does it .
The whole idea of " gotcha " political debate and blustering inconsiderate hacks who simply want attention is making this country dumber by the day .
No one makes a coherent argument or lays out a reasonable , rational case for their side ... it's all now scream over the listener / caller , holler , twist facts and pontificate .
No one learns or thinks in that kind of atmosphere ... and the only people that benefit are corporate MSM outlets ... it draws an audience like gawkers to a car crash .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Dori Smith said on 7/21/2009 @ 3:01 pm PT ...
I can't comment about something I 've not heard .
However , it seems to me that my own comments ' at ' the corporate media tend to include rational data and sound criticisms .
Also , Beck 's irrational and bullying comments to the caller had nothing to do with America 's health care system .
We saw a loss of reality testing in ' news ' under Bush and Cheney .
Their supporters use loudness , or screaming , to try to dominate the conversation , rather than arguing the points on their merits .
Could someone like Glenn Beck listen to what I 'VE got to say to the tube when he 's on it ?
I 'm pretty sure he would fold up his carnival tent and slink away rather than face my indignation .
There is a huge difference between reacting to the grim news about the human tragedy going on in the USA right now as opposed to using pat rhetoric in defense of wealthy insurance CEO's .
I care that mothers find themselves struggling to get infant care , and when they find it , to get insurance providers to pay as they are required to .
Costs have soared , people are dying for health care .
That IS something to scream about if you truly care about humanity .
The Becks of the airwaves seem to me to care about $ and power .
There have been some powerful statements made by Americans who have had to face the criminality of insurance providers at times when they have faced life threatening illness .
I applaud their screaming out truth to power and willingly listen to it .
We should point out the cruelty of Bush and Cheney supporters when they support criminals who have repressed Americans .
In Connecticut right now Anthem Blue Cross is seeking a 25 % to 30 % fee increase for their coverage .
I wonder how much of that money they want is really because of rising health care costs versus rising lobby costs .
They are lobbying US Congress and the White House every second of every day to try to prevent any and all curtailment of profits .
Their greed has fostered an atmosphere where patient care seems to be placed last , and managing people in order to reduce their spending is first .
Meanwhile , they have pitting American workers against one another , claiming some people over use their insurances to get unnecessary tests and too many medical appointments ... forcing small businesses to consider lowering coverage for employees .
They have tried to argue that people should accept the Bush plans , pay as you go types of insurance that are very dangerous for American families .
-- One calamity and you could easily lose everything .
Americans must overcome the lobby movement , stand up to the AMA and insurance industry , and help save America 's hospitals and medical teams by demanding that the profiteers get shoved aside now that they have ruined America 's health care system .
When people are dying , it 's appropriate to scream bloody murder !
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Joe Harris said on 7/29/2009 @ 5:00 pm PT ...
I must say Brad that I am very disappointed in your choice of words .
You must have acted in haste when you said " As long as Beck is allowed to spout his rhetoric " .
Allowed was a very poor choice of words , please do not even go there .
It is his right just as it is your right , and if you both get rich off of spouting your views then so be it .
No one is made to listen to either of you , we can choose to listen to you or Beck or we can simply tune you both out .
I am a Cold War Veteran and am very proud that you both are free to speak on the issues of the day .
I encourage you sir , as well as Mr. Beck to continue to comment on whatever you choose to voice your opinion on , as for myself , I will stand guard to make sure you both continue to have the right to do so .
You see sir I am neither left nor right , liberal or conservative , I am a blend of both and believe it or not that is what most Americans are .
If you care to know my political affiliation I am proud to say to any & all that I am a Libertarian !
I guess for the most part you Democrats & Republicans kinda see us Libertarians as just spectators on the sidelines , it will not always be that way and thanks to the Dems & Repubs it will be sooner rather than later that us Libertarians gain more power & influence in the world of American politics .
Just know that we are watching the fiasco being played out by the current and very faulty 2 party system .
Respectfully , Joe .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Tommypayne said on 7/30/2009 @ 2:49 am PT ...
“ Erectile problems may show up about three years before a cardiovascular event such as a heart attack or stroke , ” says Dr. Ira Sharlip , clinical professor of urology at the University of California , San Francisco .
Image Dr. Andrew McCullough is an associate professor of urology and director of Male Sexual Health and Fertility at the Langone Medical Center at New York University .
Credit ...
Chester Higgins Jr./ The New York Times
That ’s because plaque will start to clog the small arteries in the penis before the wider coronary arteries .
Your doctor will also try to determine whether your E.D. is the result of a psychological issue , in which case he will refer you to a therapist .
Depending on your policy , your insurer may cover a set number of visits .
( One way for you to check on your own whether your issue may be psychological or physical is try the postage stamp test , also known as nocturnal penile tumescence test . )
By adopting healthier habits , you may be able to improve your overall well - being and restore your erectile function .
“ There is increasing evidence that we can reverse erectile dysfunction with lifestyle changes , ” says Dr. Drogo K. Montague , director of the Center for Genitourinary Reconstruction in the Glickman Urological and Kidney Institute at Cleveland Clinic .
In a recent study of men with E.D. , or at risk for developing it , researchers in Italy found that the men could improve their erections by losing weight , improving their diet and exercising more frequently .
After two years of significant lifestyle changes , 58 percent of the men had normal erectile function , according to the study , which was published in The Journal of Sexual Medicine in January .
But lifestyle changes , while basically free , can be difficult to make and may take months to take effect .
In the meantime , your doctor will probably prescribe a phosphodiesterase type 5 inhibitor , also called a PDE - 5 inhibitor , like Viagra , Cialis or Levitra .
These drugs enhance the effects of nitric oxide , a chemical that helps to increase blood flow in the penis .
The three drugs work in the same way , but differ in how quickly they take effect and how long they last .
If the PDE - 5 drugs do n’t work for you , do n’t give up quickly , says Dr. McCullough , who theorizes that “ in over 40 percent of drug failures the problem is with the user , not the drug . ”
Dr. McCullough adds , “ it ’s important to take these medications as directed , like on a totally empty stomach , rather than a full one , and not less than 60 minutes before sex . ”
The following blog post , unless otherwise noted , was written by a member of Gamasutras community .
The thoughts and opinions expressed are those of the writer and not Gamasutra or its parent company .
Thanks everyone for the all the cool Gamasutra dialogue !
" The Novel " Gold 45 Revolver / Ideas Have Consequences / Moral Premise " Game Technologies Will Be Worth Billions of Dollars " to the agile , entrepreneurial companies who first adopt them .
These simple innovations and technologies , which can easily be layered ontop of existing game engines , will have far - ranging raminifcations across the industry , exalting games with profundity , soul , meaning , and epic storytelling .
Imagine you are standing in Best Buy .
There are two versions of Gears of War .
In one , the Locust Horde can be reformed and brought over to your side by quoting excerpts from the US Constitution -- by engaging in dialogue -- and where , in order to win , you are going to need to win their minds / hearts and souls .
In the other version , you can only shoot them in campaign after campaign .
Which would you buy ?
Imagine you walk into EB Games , and you have to decide between two versions of GTA .
In one , you can only hire and shoot hookers -- there is no chance of reforming them nor talking them out of it .
In the " Gold 45 Revolver " version of GTA , you can engage in dialogue with the Hooker and hand her copies of the Constitution and Bible , as well as Hayek 's The Road to Serfdom , and thus enlist her in your struggle against the fiatocracy , the decline of freedom , and the growth of the corporate - state .
She in turn would hand those works to her Pimp who would join you .
Which version of GTA would you buy ?
Obviously the one wired with the novel technology found in " System and method for creating exalted video games and virtual realities wherein ideas have consequences . "
-- http://www.faqs.org/patents/app/20090017886
Already the novel Gold 45 Revolver technology is solving epic , glaring design problems / flaws in games such as Fallout 3 , and it is accomplishing this in an elegant , simple manner which will also exalt the gameplay in numerous games and genres , make gaming more fun , and increase both the audience and marketability of the games which adopt the novel technology -- it will also be worth tens of millions in generating cool , positive buzz . :
-- http://www.gamasutra.com/php-bin/news_index.php?story=20908
" Self - censorship was the least effective course of action open to Bethesda if they are looking to morally instruct their players .
Why not take the route less traveled and try to implement some meaningful consequence , something beyond an essentially meaningless " karma " stat ?
( YES !!
THE KARMA IS MEANINGLESS !
WHY NOT INCORPORATE A GOLD 45 REVOLVER WHICH ONLY SHOOTS ZEUS'S LIGHTNING IN THE END IF YOU HAVE BEEN DOING THE RIGHT , MORAL THING THROUGHOUT ? ) "
read more @ http://www.gamasutra.com/php-bin/news_index.php?story=20908
As you can see , the simple , elegant solution would be worth billions !
And it could be applied to all RPGs and FPSs !
Such a novel weapon would be worth tens of millions in gameplay enjoyment , and tens of millions more in publicity .
* Everyone * is going to want to get their hands on that Gold 45 when it comes out , and * every * game is gonna want to have one .
Where in the prior art can one form a fellowship based upon the ideas / ideals / characters of the NPC’s ?
In what game does the eventual outcome depend on the character and integrity — the ideals and beliefs — of the fellowship one forms ?
Re : How much would it be worth to Bethesda / EA /38 Studios / Visceral / Bioware / Ubisoft ?
How much would it be worth to put the following on a game box ?
" It is the dawn of the American Revolution , and it is up to you to build the fellowship that will lead the epic battle for freedom .
From tavern to tavern you must walk the streets of Boston , listening in on conversations and recruiting those speaking ( and oft whispering ) of liberty 's epic ideals .
Redcoats and King George 's spies abound , and when you hear the words of Washington , Jefferson , Paine , Madison , Jay , and Hamilton , you must engage the characters by speaking of liberty 's ideals yourself ; or lose their trust .
Throughout you must select the best words to rally and inspire the troops during the fierce war for freedom -- to attract the poet warriors with the greatest characters to fight alongside you .
Ideas have consequences and word must be matched with deed , as freedom 's fate falls upon your shoulders .
" The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants .
-- Thomas Jefferson " "
I argue that such a novel approach to gaming -- not only incorporating the words of the actual Founding Fathers -- but rendering their consequences ( or the dire consequences of their absence ) -- would be worth hundreds of millions , if not billions .
And would n't that be an awesome game ???
Imagine meeting Jefferson and Hamilton , finally defined by their greater aspects -- their souls , characters , and words -- and actually recruiting Washington to command the forces , based upon his words !
" A slender acquaintance with the world must convince every man that actions , not words , are the true criterion of the attachment of friends . "
-- George Washington
" Arbitrary power is most easily established on the ruins of liberty abused to licentiousness . "
-- George Washington
" Associate with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation ; for it is better to be alone than in bad company . "
-- George Washington
Yes -- of course we could give all the revolutionary soldiers BFGs and Lancer Chainsaws to satiate the fanboys ; but the big draw of the game would be its depth and profundity !
And imagine that in one of the Taverns is a hooker with a heart of gold .
Hire her and kill her , as is exalted in GTA , and the world is lost .
Talk to her , and " lady liberty " will tell you where you can find Thomas Paine .
Video games are a crowded art , and many argue there has been little innovation in the past several years ( or decades ) , especially when it comes to depth , meaningful drama , and storytelling .
Of course all the PR departments stamp " depth , character , meaningful drama , and epic storytelling ! " on the boxes , just as they stamp " Dante 's Inferno " on the game which places Beatrice in the diametric opposite locale that Dante did , robbing it of its classical soul and Dante 's exalted intent ; and nothing really ever changes as the fiatocracy declines , as " Story , drama , character " are payed homage to in corporate press releases , but never in rugged deed .
A small innovation in a field of " crowded art " can go a long , long ways .
For instance , applying the patent 's same technology to the traditional Vampire / Zombie game would result in the following enhanced gaming experience :
The " Gold 45 Revolver " mod of Left for Dead would be described with ( seriously - - the buzz alone on this would be worth millions to EA / Bethesda / Bioware / Visceral / Ubisoft / 38studios ) :
This " Gold 45 Revolver / Ideas Have Consequences / Moral Premise " Mod is based on the L4D Amazon.com description , and it could be easily implemented with a relatively small amount of funding : “ Set in a modern day survival - horror universe , the co-operative gameplay of Left 4 Dead ( L4D ) casts four " Survivors / freedom fighters " in an epic struggle against hordes of swarming zombies / communists and terrifying " Marx Infected " mutants .
A new and highly virulent strain of the Marxist virus emerges and spreads through the human population with frightening speed via words , both spoken and written .
The pandemic 's victims become grotesquely disfigured , violent psychopaths , attacking the uninfected on sight by handing them pamphlets and espousing Marxist philosophies while trying to bite / harm them .
As one of the " lucky " few apparently immune to the sickness , as you have been reading F.A. Hayek , Ludwig Von Mises , and Thomas Jefferson , you , unfortunately , are trapped in a city crawling with thousands of the bloodthirsty Infected .
Alone , you 're dead .
But together with a handful of fellow survivors , who you can identify and recruit via dialogue trees incorporating Hayek / Jefferson / the Constitution wherein you also assess the NPC 's responses , you might just form a fellowship and fight your way to safety .
Players can play as a Survivor or as one of four types of Boss / Marxist Infected , each of whom possess a unique mutant ability , such as a 50 - foot tongue lasso , tenure at an ivy league university , an MBA , or a giant belly full of explosive methane gas .
The gameplay of L4D is set across four massive campaigns .
The zombie population of each mission is choreographed by an AI Director that monitors the human players ' actions and creates a unique and dramatic experience for them on the fly .
Zombies may be transformed back into humans by quoting Hayek / Jefferson / et al. to them ; but the further they have devolved -- the more collectivist literature they have imbibed and the more MBA groupthink classes they have taken -- the harder it is to save them .
Early on in the game , some Vampire / Zombies may appear to be normal humans , and the only way to find out would be to quote Hayek to them and see if they respond with Lenin or Mises .
Some of them can be reformed via dialogue , but for others , they can only be reformed by death .
And in the end -- only those players who have done their best to reform the Vampires / Zombies in word and deed -- only those who have acted morally throughout the game , can truly wield the Gold 45 Revolver and realize its true power as it shoots Zeus 's Lightning while leveling the zombie masters and their hordes .
Should you fail to reach and exalt your peers with classical ideals , the world will end as a zombie communist tyranny - -" for the greater good of all . " "
Imagine how many millions would want to play such novel game types wherein * ideas had consequences * , and soul , character , and honor mattered !
Litertaure including 1984 , Animal Farm , A Brave New World , V is for Vendetta , The Matrix , Twilight , Atlas Shrugged , Dracula , and 300 could all be brought to life on a more profound level !
The " Ideas Have Consequences " Zombie / Vampire game engine is novel in that the Zombie / Vampire virus / quality is transmitted via ideas in the game - - both spoken and written -- as opposed to only via physical contact , such as being bitten / attacked / etc .
Imagine the possibilities with that novel game engine / concept in the hands of creative developers !!
A thousand , thousand novel Zombie / Vampire games could be created , and epic literature could be brought to life , including 1984 / Brave New World / The Road to Serfdom / etc , as well ad the American and Communist Revolutions !
This would mean tens of millions of $ $$ and an epic renaissance in the now staid vampire / zombie format .
And it would be easy to do -- just a couple books / words / ideas introduced into L4D , for starters , would be epic !
Of course we would still include all the physical gameplay - - biting / shooting / baseball bats / etc.-- but we would layer it on top of classical , exalted ideas and ideals .
Art has ever been the realm where the noble soul could place their ideals which the world had no use for ; and the novel game engine described by this new technology ; opposed vehemently by the dominant fanboy / feminist fiatocracy — would foster a new realm of exalted gaming for true artsists — both those who created new games and played them .
The major videogames companies are leaving billions on the table !
[ 0388 ] This present invention pertains to introducing morality and epic storytelling into the realm of video games , resulting in video games with superior , deeper game play , expanded markets , and longer - lasting brands .
The ability to render deeper emotion , story , and exalted dramatic arts within the realm of video games has been a long sought - after " holy grail " throughout the video game industry .
The prior art demonstrates how others have failed and are failing to deliver more meaningful and engaging games endowed with epic storytelling .
This present invention provides the missing key to realizing epic storytelling , deeper emotional involvement , and higher art in video games .
[ 0445 ]
To date , no game allows one to fight for the US Constitution and a sound currency .
No game allows one to fight for the Founding Father 's original intent -- for life , liberty , and happiness for all .
No game allows one to fight for economic freedom beyond the fiat system that robs us all via the inflation tax .
No game allows the player to quote Hayek , Mises , Rothbard , Jefferson , Hazlitt , Jesus , Socrtes , and Moses in dialogue trees , nor via other means , en route to winning the hearts and minds of their people , rounding up and inspiring a group of rebel , and leading those rugged rebels in a battle founded upon ideas .
No game allows one to fight Big Brother and ensure greater Civil Liberties and Personal Freedom .
And certainly , no game allows the player to fight to implement the Constitutional Gold Standard , nor to take on the divorce regime , nor to protect the unborn . [ 0446 ]
The present invention would allow the themes of V is for Vendetta , Atlas Shrugged , and The Fountainhead to be brought to life , as well as Orwell 's 1984 , which resembles the modern university .
The plot of 1984 could be enhanced , and hope could be allowed for Winston Smith .
Suppose that Winston was successful in speaking with and recruiting enough people for a revolt .
If he was too upfront with his ideas , he might be put to death .
If he was too coy , he would never reach them .
If he was too persistent , he could offend some people .
If he gave up too soon , he might lose loyal followers .
At any rate , it would make a great and unique game , as Winston Smith went up against Big Brother .
-- http://www.faqs.org/patents/app/20090017886
Oracle VM VirtualBox incorporates materials from several Open Source software projects .
Therefore the use of these materials by Oracle VM VirtualBox is governed by different Open Source licenses .
This document reproduces these licenses and provides a list of the materials used and their respective licensing conditions .
Section 1 contains a list of the materials used .
Section 2 reproduces the applicable Open Source licenses .
For each material , a reference to its license is provided .
The source code for the materials listed below as well as the rest of the Oracle VM VirtualBox code which is released as open source are available at http://www.virtualbox.org, both as tarballs for particular releases and as a live SVN repository .
Oracle VM VirtualBox may contain portions of FUSE for macOS which is governed by the licenses in A.2.31 and A.2.2 and
Oracle VM VirtualBox may contain code from libopus ( " Opus " ) which is governed by the license in A.2.30 and
Oracle VM VirtualBox may contain code from the WebM VP8 Codec SDK which is governed by the license in A.2.29 and
Oracle VM VirtualBox contains portions of Freetype which is governed by the license in A.2.28 and
Oracle VM VirtualBox contains portions of Fontconfig which is governed by the license in A.2.27 and
Oracle VM VirtualBox contains portions of Expat which is governed by the license in A.2.26 and
Oracle VM VirtualBox contains portions of FLTK which is governed by the licenses in A.2.25 and A.2.2 and
Oracle VM VirtualBox contains portions of libffi which is governed by the license in A.2.24 and
Oracle VM VirtualBox contains portions of PCRE which is governed by the license in A.2.23 and
Oracle VM VirtualBox contains portions of glib which is governed by the license in A.2.2 and
Oracle VM VirtualBox contains portions of liblightdm - gobject which is governed by the license in A.2.2 and
Oracle VM VirtualBox contains parts of the NetBSD kernel which is governed by the license in A.2.22 .
Oracle VM VirtualBox contains parts of the FreeBSD kernel which is governed by the license in A.2.21 .
Oracle VM VirtualBox may ship a copy of Qt which is governed by the license in A.2.2 and
Oracle VM VirtualBox may contain x86 SIMD extension for IJG JPEG library which is governed by the license in A.2.20 and
Oracle VM VirtualBox contains code from the EFI Development Kit II which is governed by the license in A.2.18 and
Oracle VM VirtualBox contains some code from libgd which is governed by the license in A.2.17 and
Oracle VM VirtualBox may contain iniparser which is governed by the license in A.2.4 and
Oracle VM VirtualBox contains code from Chromium , an OpenGL implementation , which is goverened by the licenses in A.2.15 and
Oracle VM VirtualBox ships with the application tunctl ( shipped as VBoxTunctl ) from the User- mode Linux suite which is governed by the license in A.2.1 and
Oracle VM
VirtualBox contains code from the gSOAP XML web services tools , which are licensed under the license in A.2.14 and
Oracle VM VirtualBox contains code from lwIP which is governed by the license in A.2.11 and
Oracle VM VirtualBox contains code from Wine which is governed by the license in A.2.2 and
Oracle VM VirtualBox may contain iPXE which is governed by the license in A.2.1 and
Oracle VM
VirtualBox may contain Etherboot which is governed by the license in A.2.1 with the exception that aggregating Etherboot with another work does not require the other work to be released under the same license ( see http://etherboot.sourceforge.net/clinks.html ) .
Etherboot is
Oracle VM VirtualBox may ship with a copy of kchmviewer which is governed by the license in A.2.1 and
Oracle VM VirtualBox may ship with a modified copy of rdesktop which is governed by the license in A.2.1 and
Oracle VM VirtualBox contains Slirp which is governed by the license in A.2.8 and was written by Danny Gasparovski .
Oracle VM VirtualBox may contain NSPR and XPCOM which is governed by the license in A.2.3 and
Oracle VM VirtualBox may contain OpenSSL which is governed by the license in A.2.7 and
Oracle VM VirtualBox contains the zlib library which is governed by the license in A.2.6 and
Oracle VM VirtualBox contains code of the BOCHS ROM BIOS which is governed by the license in A.2.2 and
Oracle VM VirtualBox contains code of the BOCHS VGA BIOS which is governed by the license in A.2.2 and
Oracle VM VirtualBox contains portions of QEMU which is governed by the licenses in A.2.5 and A.2.2 and
A.2. Third - Party Licenses
A.2.1. GNU General Public License ( GPL ) GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Version 2 , June 1991 Copyright ( C ) 1989 , 1991 Free Software Foundation , Inc. 51 Franklin St , Fifth Floor , Boston , MA 02110- 1301 USA
Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this license document , but changing it is not allowed .
Preamble
The licenses for most software are designed to take away your freedom to share and change it .
By contrast , the GNU General Public License is intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change free software -- to make sure the software is free for all its users .
This General Public License applies to most of the Free Software Foundation 's software and to any other program whose authors commit to using it .
( Some other Free Software Foundation software is covered by the GNU Library General Public License instead . )
You can apply it to your programs , too .
When we speak of free software , we are referring to freedom , not price .
Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that you have the freedom to distribute copies of free software ( and charge for this service if you wish ) , that you receive source code or can get it if you want it , that you can change the software or use pieces of it in new free programs ; and that you know you can do these things .
To protect your rights , we need to make restrictions that forbid anyone to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender the rights .
These restrictions translate to certain responsibilities for you if you distribute copies of the software , or if you modify it .
For example , if you distribute copies of such a program , whether gratis or for a fee , you must give the recipients all the rights that you have .
You must make sure that they , too , receive or can get the source code .
And you must show them these terms so they know their rights .
We protect your rights with two steps : ( 1 ) copyright the software , and ( 2 ) offer you this license which gives you legal permission to copy , distribute and / or modify the software .
Also , for each author 's protection and ours , we want to make certain that everyone understands that there is no warranty for this free software .
If the software is modified by someone else and passed on , we want its recipients to know that what they have is not the original , so that any problems introduced by others will not reflect on the original authors ' reputations .
Finally , any free program is threatened constantly by software patents .
We wish to avoid the danger that redistributors of a free program will individually obtain patent licenses , in effect making the program proprietary .
To prevent this , we have made it clear that any patent must be licensed for everyone 's free use or not licensed at all .
The precise terms and conditions for copying , distribution and modification follow .
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING , DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION 0 .
This License applies to any program or other work which contains a notice placed by the copyright holder saying it may be distributed under the terms of this General Public License .
The " Program " , below , refers to any such program or work , and a " work based on the Program " means either the Program or any derivative work under copyright law : that is to say , a work containing the Program or a portion of it , either verbatim or with modifications and / or translated into another language .
( Hereinafter , translation is included without limitation in the term " modification " . )
Each licensee is addressed as " you " .
Activities other than copying , distribution and modification are not covered by this License ; they are outside its scope .
The act of running the Program is not restricted , and the output from the Program is covered only if its contents constitute a work based on the Program ( independent of having been made by running the Program ) .
Whether that is true depends on what the Program does .
1 . You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Program 's source code as you receive it , in any medium , provided that you conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an appropriate copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty ; keep intact all the notices that refer to this License and to the absence of any warranty ; and give any other recipients of the Program a copy of this License along with the Program .
You may charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a copy , and you may at your option offer warranty protection in exchange for a fee .
2 . You may modify your copy or copies of the Program or any portion of it , thus forming a work based on the Program , and copy and distribute such modifications or work under the terms of Section 1 above , provided that you also meet all of these conditions : a )
You must cause the modified files to carry prominent notices stating that you changed the files and the date of any change .
b)
You must cause any work that you distribute or publish , that in whole or in part contains or is derived from the Program or any part thereof , to be licensed as a whole at no charge to all third parties under the terms of this License .
c)
If the modified program normally reads commands interactively when run , you must cause it , when started running for such interactive use in the most ordinary way , to print or display an announcement including an appropriate copyright notice and a notice that there is no warranty ( or else , saying that you provide a warranty ) and that users may redistribute the program under these conditions , and telling the user how to view a copy of this License .
( Exception : if the Program itself is interactive but does not normally print such an announcement , your work based on the Program is not required to print an announcement . )
These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole .
If identifiable sections of that work are not derived from the Program , and can be reasonably considered independent and separate works in themselves , then this License , and its terms , do not apply to those sections when you distribute them as separate works .
But when you distribute the same sections as part of a whole which is a work based on the Program , the distribution of the whole must be on the terms of this License , whose permissions for other licensees extend to the entire whole , and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote it .
Thus , it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or contest your rights to work written entirely by you ; rather , the intent is to exercise the right to control the distribution of derivative or collective works based on the Program .
In addition , mere aggregation of another work not based on the Program with the Program ( or with a work based on the Program ) on a volume of a storage or distribution medium does not bring the other work under the scope of this License .
3 . You may copy and distribute the Program ( or a work based on it , under Section 2 ) in object code or executable form under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above provided that you also do one of the following : a )
Accompany it with the complete corresponding machine - readable source code , which must be distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a medium customarily used for software interchange ; or , b ) Accompany it with a written offer , valid for at least three years , to give any third party , for a charge no more than your cost of physically performing source distribution , a complete machine - readable copy of the corresponding source code , to be distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a medium customarily used for software interchange ; or , c ) Accompany it with the information you received as to the offer to distribute corresponding source code .
( This alternative is allowed only for noncommercial distribution and only if you received the program in object code or executable form with such an offer , in accord with Subsection b above . )
The source code for a work means the preferred form of the work for making modifications to it .
For an executable work , complete source code means all the source code for all modules it contains , plus any associated interface definition files , plus the scripts used to control compilation and installation of the executable .
However , as a special exception , the source code distributed need not include anything that is normally distributed ( in either source or binary form ) with the major components ( compiler , kernel , and so on ) of the operating system on which the executable runs , unless that component itself accompanies the executable .
If distribution of executable or object code is made by offering access to copy from a designated place , then offering equivalent access to copy the source code from the same place counts as distribution of the source code , even though third parties are not compelled to copy the source along with the object code .
4 . You may not copy , modify , sublicense , or distribute the Program except as expressly provided under this License .
Any attempt otherwise to copy , modify , sublicense or distribute the Program is void , and will automatically terminate your rights under this License .
However , parties who have received copies , or rights , from you under this License will not have their licenses terminated so long as such parties remain in full compliance .
5 . You are not required to accept this License , since you have not signed it .
However , nothing else grants you permission to modify or distribute the Program or its derivative works .
These actions are prohibited by law if you do not accept this License .
Therefore , by modifying or distributing the Program ( or any work based on the Program ) , you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so , and all its terms and conditions for copying , distributing or modifying the Program or works based on it .
6 . Each time you redistribute the Program ( or any work based on the Program ) , the recipient automatically receives a license from the original licensor to copy , distribute or modify the Program subject to these terms and conditions .
You may not impose any further restrictions on the recipients ' exercise of the rights granted herein .
You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties to this License .
7 . If , as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent infringement or for any other reason ( not limited to patent issues ) , conditions are imposed on you ( whether by court order , agreement or otherwise ) that contradict the conditions of this License , they do not excuse you from the conditions of this License .
If you cannot distribute so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this License and any other pertinent obligations , then as a consequence you may not distribute the Program at all .
For example , if a patent license would not permit royalty - free redistribution of the Program by all those who receive copies directly or indirectly through you , then the only way you could satisfy both it and this License would be to refrain entirely from distribution of the Program .
If any portion of this section is held invalid or unenforceable under any particular circumstance , the balance of the section is intended to apply and the section as a whole is intended to apply in other circumstances .
It is not the purpose of this section to induce you to infringe any patents or other property right claims or to contest validity of any such claims ; this section has the sole purpose of protecting the integrity of the free software distribution system , which is implemented by public license practices .
Many people have made generous contributions to the wide range of software distributed through that system in reliance on consistent application of that system ; it is up to the author / donor to decide if he or she is willing to distribute software through any other system and a licensee cannot impose that choice .
This section is intended to make thoroughly clear what is believed to be a consequence of the rest of this License .
8 . If the distribution and / or use of the Program is restricted in certain countries either by patents or by copyrighted interfaces , the original copyright holder who places the Program under this License may add an explicit geographical distribution limitation excluding those countries , so that distribution is permitted only in or among countries not thus excluded .
In such case , this License incorporates the limitation as if written in the body of this License .
9 . The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and / or new versions of the General Public License from time to time .
Such new versions will be similar in spirit to the present version , but may differ in detail to address new problems or concerns .
Each version is given a distinguishing version number .
If the Program specifies a version number of this License which applies to it and " any later version " , you have the option of following the terms and conditions either of that version or of any later version published by the Free Software Foundation .
If the Program does not specify a version number of this License , you may choose any version ever published by the Free Software Foundation .
10 .
If you wish to incorporate parts of the Program into other free programs whose distribution conditions are different , write to the author to ask for permission .
For software which is copyrighted by the Free Software Foundation , write to the Free Software Foundation ; we sometimes make exceptions for this .
Our decision will be guided by the two goals of preserving the free status of all derivatives of our free software and of promoting the sharing and reuse of software generally .
NO WARRANTY 11 .
BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE , THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM , TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW .
EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND /OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM " AS IS " WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED , INCLUDING , BUT NOT LIMITED TO , THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE .
THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU .
SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE , YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING , REPAIR OR CORRECTION .
12 . IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER , OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND / OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE , BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES , INCLUDING ANY GENERAL , SPECIAL , INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM ( INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS ) , EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES .
END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
A.2.2. GNU Lesser General Public License ( LGPL ) GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Version 2.1 , February 1999 Copyright ( C ) 1991 , 1999 Free Software Foundation , Inc. 59 Temple Place , Suite 330 , Boston , MA 02111-1307 USA
Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this license document , but changing it is not allowed .
[ This is the first released version of the Lesser GPL .
It also counts as the successor of the GNU Library Public License , version 2 , hence the version number 2.1. ]
Preamble
The licenses for most software are designed to take away your freedom to share and change it .
By contrast , the GNU General Public Licenses are intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change free software -- to make sure the software is free for all its users .
This license , the Lesser General Public License , applies to some specially designated software packages -- typically libraries -- of the Free Software Foundation and other authors who decide to use it .
You can use it too , but we suggest you first think carefully about whether this license or the ordinary General Public License is the better strategy to use in any particular case , based on the explanations below .
When we speak of free software , we are referring to freedom of use , not price .
Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that you have the freedom to distribute copies of free software ( and charge for this service if you wish ) ; that you receive source code or can get it if you want it ; that you can change the software and use pieces of it in new free programs ; and that you are informed that you can do these things .
To protect your rights , we need to make restrictions that forbid distributors to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender these rights .
These restrictions translate to certain responsibilities for you if you distribute copies of the library or if you modify it .
For example , if you distribute copies of the library , whether gratis or for a fee , you must give the recipients all the rights that we gave you .
You must make sure that they , too , receive or can get the source code .
If you link other code with the library , you must provide complete object files to the recipients , so that they can relink them with the library after making changes to the library and recompiling it .
And you must show them these terms so they know their rights .
We protect your rights with a two - step method : ( 1 ) we copyright the library , and ( 2 ) we offer you this license , which gives you legal permission to copy , distribute and / or modify the library .
To protect each distributor , we want to make it very clear that there is no warranty for the free library .
Also , if the library is modified by someone else and passed on , the recipients should know that what they have is not the original version , so that the original author 's reputation will not be affected by problems that might be introduced by others .
Finally , software patents pose a constant threat to the existence of any free program .
We wish to make sure that a company cannot effectively restrict the users of a free program by obtaining a restrictive license from a patent holder .
Therefore , we insist that any patent license obtained for a version of the library must be consistent with the full freedom of use specified in this license .
Most GNU software , including some libraries , is covered by the ordinary GNU General Public License .
This license , the GNU Lesser General Public License , applies to certain designated libraries , and is quite different from the ordinary General Public License .
We use this license for certain libraries in order to permit linking those libraries into non-free programs .
When a program is linked with a library , whether statically or using a shared library , the combination of the two is legally speaking a combined work , a derivative of the original library .
The ordinary General Public License therefore permits such linking only if the entire combination fits its criteria of freedom .
The Lesser General Public License permits more lax criteria for linking other code with the library .
We call this license the " Lesser " General Public License because it does Less to protect the user 's freedom than the ordinary General Public License .
It also provides other free software developers Less of an advantage over competing non-free programs .
These disadvantages are the reason we use the ordinary General Public License for many libraries .
However , the Lesser license provides advantages in certain special circumstances .
For example , on rare occasions , there may be a special need to encourage the widest possible use of a certain library , so that it becomes a de-facto standard .
To achieve this , non -free programs must be allowed to use the library .
A more frequent case is that a free library does the same job as widely used non-free libraries .
In this case , there is little to gain by limiting the free library to free software only , so we use the Lesser General Public License .
In other cases , permission to use a particular library in non-free programs enables a greater number of people to use a large body of free software .
For example , permission to use the GNU C Library in non-free programs enables many more people to use the whole GNU operating system , as well as its variant , the GNU / Linux operating system .
Although the Lesser General Public License is Less protective of the users ' freedom , it does ensure that the user of a program that is linked with the Library has the freedom and the wherewithal to run that program using a modified version of the Library .
The precise terms and conditions for copying , distribution and modification follow .
Pay close attention to the difference between a " work based on the library " and a " work that uses the library " .
The former contains code derived from the library , whereas the latter must be combined with the library in order to run .
GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING , DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION 0 .
This License Agreement applies to any software library or other program which contains a notice placed by the copyright holder or other authorized party saying it may be distributed under the terms of this Lesser General Public License ( also called " this License " ) .
Each licensee is addressed as " you " .
A " library " means a collection of software functions and / or data prepared so as to be conveniently linked with application programs ( which use some of those functions and data ) to form executables .
The " Library " , below , refers to any such software library or work which has been distributed under these terms .
A " work based on the Library " means either the Library or any derivative work under copyright law : that is to say , a work containing the Library or a portion of it , either verbatim or with modifications and / or translated straightforwardly into another language .
( Hereinafter , translation is included without limitation in the term " modification " . )
" Source code " for a work means the preferred form of the work for making modifications to it .
For a library , complete source code means all the source code for all modules it contains , plus any associated interface definition files , plus the scripts used to control compilation and installation of the library .
Activities other than copying , distribution and modification are not covered by this License ; they are outside its scope .
The act of running a program using the Library is not restricted , and output from such a program is covered only if its contents constitute a work based on the Library ( independent of the use of the Library in a tool for writing it ) .
Whether that is true depends on what the Library does and what the program that uses the Library does .
1 . You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Library 's complete source code as you receive it , in any medium , provided that you conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an appropriate copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty ; keep intact all the notices that refer to this License and to the absence of any warranty ; and distribute a copy of this License along with the Library .
You may charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a copy , and you may at your option offer warranty protection in exchange for a fee .
2 . You may modify your copy or copies of the Library or any portion of it , thus forming a work based on the Library , and copy and distribute such modifications or work under the terms of Section 1 above , provided that you also meet all of these conditions : a )
The modified work must itself be a software library .
b)
You must cause the files modified to carry prominent notices stating that you changed the files and the date of any change .
c)
You must cause the whole of the work to be licensed at no charge to all third parties under the terms of this License .
d)
If a facility in the modified Library refers to a function or a table of data to be supplied by an application program that uses the facility , other than as an argument passed when the facility is invoked , then you must make a good faith effort to ensure that , in the event an application does not supply such function or table , the facility still operates , and performs whatever part of its purpose remains meaningful .
( For example , a function in a library to compute square roots has a purpose that is entirely well - defined independent of the application .
Therefore , Subsection 2d requires that any application - supplied function or table used by this function must be optional : if the application does not supply it , the square root function must still compute square roots . )
These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole .
If identifiable sections of that work are not derived from the Library , and can be reasonably considered independent and separate works in themselves , then this License , and its terms , do not apply to those sections when you distribute them as separate works .
But when you distribute the same sections as part of a whole which is a work based on the Library , the distribution of the whole must be on the terms of this License , whose permissions for other licensees extend to the entire whole , and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote it .
Thus , it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or contest your rights to work written entirely by you ; rather , the intent is to exercise the right to control the distribution of derivative or collective works based on the Library .
In addition , mere aggregation of another work not based on the Library with the Library ( or with a work based on the Library ) on a volume of a storage or distribution medium does not bring the other work under the scope of this License .
3 . You may opt to apply the terms of the ordinary GNU General Public License instead of this License to a given copy of the Library .
To do this , you must alter all the notices that refer to this License , so that they refer to the ordinary GNU General Public License , version 2 , instead of to this License .
( If a newer version than version 2 of the ordinary GNU General Public License has appeared , then you can specify that version instead if you wish . )
Do not make any other change in these notices .
Once this change is made in a given copy , it is irreversible for that copy , so the ordinary GNU General Public License applies to all subsequent copies and derivative works made from that copy .
This option is useful when you wish to copy part of the code of the Library into a program that is not a library .
4 . You may copy and distribute the Library ( or a portion or derivative of it , under Section 2 ) in object code or executable form under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above provided that you accompany it with the complete corresponding machine - readable source code , which must be distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a medium customarily used for software interchange .
If distribution of object code is made by offering access to copy from a designated place , then offering equivalent access to copy the source code from the same place satisfies the requirement to distribute the source code , even though third parties are not compelled to copy the source along with the object code .
5 . A program that contains no derivative of any portion of the Library , but is designed to work with the Library by being compiled or linked with it , is called a " work that uses the Library " .
Such a work , in isolation , is not a derivative work of the Library , and therefore falls outside the scope of this License .
However , linking a " work that uses the Library " with the Library creates an executable that is a derivative of the Library ( because it contains portions of the Library ) , rather than a " work that uses the library " .
The executable is therefore covered by this License .
Section 6 states terms for distribution of such executables .
When a " work that uses the Library " uses material from a header file that is part of the Library , the object code for the work may be a derivative work of the Library even though the source code is not .
Whether this is true is especially significant if the work can be linked without the Library , or if the work is itself a library .
The threshold for this to be true is not precisely defined by law .
If such an object file uses only numerical parameters , data structure layouts and accessors , and small macros and small inline functions ( ten lines or less in length ) , then the use of the object file is unrestricted , regardless of whether it is legally a derivative work .
( Executables containing this object code plus portions of the Library will still fall under Section 6 . )
Otherwise , if the work is a derivative of the Library , you may distribute the object code for the work under the terms of Section 6 .
Any executables containing that work also fall under Section 6 , whether or not they are linked directly with the Library itself .
6 . As an exception to the Sections above , you may also combine or link a " work that uses the Library " with the Library to produce a work containing portions of the Library , and distribute that work under terms of your choice , provided that the terms permit modification of the work for the customer 's own use and reverse engineering for debugging such modifications .
You must give prominent notice with each copy of the work that the Library is used in it and that the Library and its use are covered by this License .
You must supply a copy of this License .
If the work during execution displays copyright notices , you must include the copyright notice for the Library among them , as well as a reference directing the user to the copy of this License .
Also , you must do one of these things : a )
Accompany the work with the complete corresponding machine - readable source code for the Library including whatever changes were used in the work ( which must be distributed under Sections 1 and 2 above ) ; and , if the work is an executable linked with the Library , with the complete machine - readable " work that uses the Library " , as object code and / or source code , so that the user can modify the Library and then relink to produce a modified executable containing the modified Library .
( It is understood that the user who changes the contents of definitions files in the Library will not necessarily be able to recompile the application to use the modified definitions . )
b)
Use a suitable shared library mechanism for linking with the Library .
A suitable mechanism is one that ( 1 ) uses at run time a copy of the library already present on the user 's computer system , rather than copying library functions into the executable , and ( 2 ) will operate properly with a modified version of the library , if the user installs one , as long as the modified version is interface - compatible with the version that the work was made with .
c)
Accompany the work with a written offer , valid for at least three years , to give the same user the materials specified in Subsection 6a , above , for a charge no more than the cost of performing this distribution .
d)
If distribution of the work is made by offering access to copy from a designated place , offer equivalent access to copy the above specified materials from the same place .
e)
Verify that the user has already received a copy of these materials or that you have already sent this user a copy .
For an executable , the required form of the " work that uses the Library " must include any data and utility programs needed for reproducing the executable from it .
However , as a special exception , the materials to be distributed need not include anything that is normally distributed ( in either source or binary form ) with the major components ( compiler , kernel , and so on ) of the operating system on which the executable runs , unless that component itself accompanies the executable .
It may happen that this requirement contradicts the license restrictions of other proprietary libraries that do not normally accompany the operating system .
Such a contradiction means you cannot use both them and the Library together in an executable that you distribute .
7 . You may place library facilities that are a work based on the Library side - by - side in a single library together with other library facilities not covered by this License , and distribute such a combined library , provided that the separate distribution of the work based on the Library and of the other library facilities is otherwise permitted , and provided that you do these two things : a )
Accompany the combined library with a copy of the same work based on the Library , uncombined with any other library facilities .
This must be distributed under the terms of the Sections above .
b)
Give prominent notice with the combined library of the fact that part of it is a work based on the Library , and explaining where to find the accompanying uncombined form of the same work .
8 . You may not copy , modify , sublicense , link with , or distribute the Library except as expressly provided under this License .
Any attempt otherwise to copy , modify , sublicense , link with , or distribute the Library is void , and will automatically terminate your rights under this License .
However , parties who have received copies , or rights , from you under this License will not have their licenses terminated so long as such parties remain in full compliance .
9 . You are not required to accept this License , since you have not signed it .
However , nothing else grants you permission to modify or distribute the Library or its derivative works .
These actions are prohibited by law if you do not accept this License .
Therefore , by modifying or distributing the Library ( or any work based on the Library ) , you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so , and all its terms and conditions for copying , distributing or modifying the Library or works based on it .
10 .
Each time you redistribute the Library ( or any work based on the Library ) , the recipient automatically receives a license from the original licensor to copy , distribute , link with or modify the Library subject to these terms and conditions .
You may not impose any further restrictions on the recipients ' exercise of the rights granted herein .
You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties with this License .
11 . If , as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent infringement or for any other reason ( not limited to patent issues ) , conditions are imposed on you ( whether by court order , agreement or otherwise ) that contradict the conditions of this License , they do not excuse you from the conditions of this License .
If you cannot distribute so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this License and any other pertinent obligations , then as a consequence you may not distribute the Library at all .
For example , if a patent license would not permit royalty - free redistribution of the Library by all those who receive copies directly or indirectly through you , then the only way you could satisfy both it and this License would be to refrain entirely from distribution of the Library .
If any portion of this section is held invalid or unenforceable under any particular circumstance , the balance of the section is intended to apply , and the section as a whole is intended to apply in other circumstances .
It is not the purpose of this section to induce you to infringe any patents or other property right claims or to contest validity of any such claims ; this section has the sole purpose of protecting the integrity of the free software distribution system which is implemented by public license practices .
Many people have made generous contributions to the wide range of software distributed through that system in reliance on consistent application of that system ; it is up to the author / donor to decide if he or she is willing to distribute software through any other system and a licensee cannot impose that choice .
This section is intended to make thoroughly clear what is believed to be a consequence of the rest of this License .
12 .
If the distribution and / or use of the Library is restricted in certain countries either by patents or by copyrighted interfaces , the original copyright holder who places the Library under this License may add an explicit geographical distribution limitation excluding those countries , so that distribution is permitted only in or among countries not thus excluded .
In such case , this License incorporates the limitation as if written in the body of this License .
13 . The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and / or new versions of the Lesser General Public License from time to time .
Such new versions will be similar in spirit to the present version , but may differ in detail to address new problems or concerns .
Each version is given a distinguishing version number .
If the Library specifies a version number of this License which applies to it and " any later version " , you have the option of following the terms and conditions either of that version or of any later version published by the Free Software Foundation .
If the Library does not specify a license version number , you may choose any version ever published by the Free Software Foundation .
14 .
If you wish to incorporate parts of the Library into other free programs whose distribution conditions are incompatible with these , write to the author to ask for permission .
For software which is copyrighted by the Free Software Foundation , write to the Free Software Foundation ; we sometimes make exceptions for this .
Our decision will be guided by the two goals of preserving the free status of all derivatives of our free software and of promoting the sharing and reuse of software generally .
NO WARRANTY 15 .
BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE , THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY , TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW .
EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND /OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY " AS IS " WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED , INCLUDING , BUT NOT LIMITED TO , THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE .
THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU .
SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE , YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING , REPAIR OR CORRECTION .
16 . IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER , OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND / OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE , BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES , INCLUDING ANY GENERAL , SPECIAL , INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY ( INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE ) , EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES .
END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
A.2.3 . Mozilla Public License ( MPL ) MOZILLA PUBLIC LICENSE Version 1.1 1 . Definitions .
1.0.1 . " Commercial Use " means distribution or otherwise making the Covered Code available to a third party .
1.1. " Contributor " means each entity that creates or contributes to the creation of Modifications .
1.2. " Contributor Version " means the combination of the Original Code , prior Modifications used by a Contributor , and the Modifications made by that particular Contributor .
1.3 . " Covered Code " means the Original Code or Modifications or the combination of the Original Code and Modifications , in each case including portions thereof .
1.4 . " Electronic Distribution Mechanism " means a mechanism generally accepted in the software development community for the electronic transfer of data .
1.5 . " Executable " means Covered Code in any form other than Source Code .
1.6 . " Initial Developer " means the individual or entity identified as the Initial Developer in the Source Code notice required by Exhibit A. 1.7 .
" Larger Work " means a work which combines Covered Code or portions thereof with code not governed by the terms of this License .
1.8 . " License " means this document .
1.8.1 . " Licensable " means having the right to grant , to the maximum extent possible , whether at the time of the initial grant or subsequently acquired , any and all of the rights conveyed herein .
1.9 . " Modifications " means any addition to or deletion from the substance or structure of either the Original Code or any previous Modifications .
When Covered Code is released as a series of files , a Modification is : A . Any addition to or deletion from the contents of a file containing Original Code or previous Modifications .
B . Any new file that contains any part of the Original Code or previous Modifications .
1.10 . " Original Code " means Source Code of computer software code which is described in the Source Code notice required by Exhibit A as Original Code , and which , at the time of its release under this License is not already Covered Code governed by this License .
1.10.1 . " Patent Claims " means any patent claim (s ) , now owned or hereafter acquired , including without limitation , method , process , and apparatus claims , in any patent Licensable by grantor .
1.11 . " Source Code " means the preferred form of the Covered Code for making modifications to it , including all modules it contains , plus any associated interface definition files , scripts used to control compilation and installation of an Executable , or source code differential comparisons against either the Original Code or another well known , available Covered Code of the Contributor 's choice .
The Source Code can be in a compressed or archival form , provided the appropriate decompression or de-archiving software is widely available for no charge .
1.12 . " You " ( or " Your " ) means an individual or a legal entity exercising rights under , and complying with all of the terms of , this License or a future version of this License issued under Section 6.1 .
For legal entities , " You " includes any entity which controls , is controlled by , or is under common control with You .
For purposes of this definition , " control " means ( a ) the power , direct or indirect , to cause the direction or management of such entity , whether by contract or otherwise , or ( b ) ownership of more than fifty percent ( 50 % ) of the outstanding shares or beneficial ownership of such entity .
2 . Source Code License .
2.1 . The Initial Developer Grant .
The Initial Developer hereby grants
You a world - wide , royalty - free , non-exclusive license , subject to third party intellectual property claims : ( a ) under intellectual property rights ( other than patent or trademark ) Licensable by Initial Developer to use , reproduce , modify , display , perform , sublicense and distribute the Original Code ( or portions thereof ) with or without Modifications , and / or as part of a Larger Work ; and ( b ) under Patents Claims infringed by the making , using or selling of Original Code , to make , have made , use , practice , sell , and offer for sale , and / or otherwise dispose of the Original Code ( or portions thereof ) .
( c ) the licenses granted in this Section 2.1 ( a ) and ( b ) are effective on the date Initial Developer first distributes Original Code under the terms of this License .
( d) Notwithstanding Section 2.1 ( b ) above , no patent license is granted : 1 ) for code that You delete from the Original Code ; 2 ) separate from the Original Code ; or 3 ) for infringements caused by : i ) the modification of the Original Code or ii ) the combination of the Original Code with other software or devices .
2.2. Contributor Grant .
Subject to third party intellectual property claims , each Contributor hereby grants
You a world - wide , royalty - free , non-exclusive license ( a ) under intellectual property rights ( other than patent or trademark ) Licensable by Contributor , to use , reproduce , modify , display , perform , sublicense and distribute the Modifications created by such Contributor ( or portions thereof ) either on an unmodified basis , with other Modifications , as Covered Code and / or as part of a Larger Work ; and ( b ) under Patent Claims infringed by the making , using , or selling of Modifications made by that Contributor either alone and / or in combination with its Contributor Version ( or portions of such combination ) , to make , use , sell , offer for sale , have made , and / or otherwise dispose of : 1 ) Modifications made by that Contributor ( or portions thereof ) ; and 2 ) the combination of Modifications made by that Contributor with its Contributor Version ( or portions of such combination ) .
( c ) the licenses granted in Sections 2.2 ( a ) and 2.2 ( b ) are effective on the date Contributor first makes Commercial Use of the Covered Code .
( d) Notwithstanding Section 2.2 ( b ) above , no patent license is granted : 1 ) for any code that Contributor has deleted from the Contributor Version ; 2 ) separate from the Contributor Version ; 3 ) for infringements caused by : i ) third party modifications of Contributor Version or ii ) the combination of Modifications made by that Contributor with other software ( except as part of the Contributor Version ) or other devices ; or 4 ) under Patent Claims infringed by Covered Code in the absence of Modifications made by that Contributor .
3 . Distribution Obligations .
3.1 . Application of License .
The Modifications which
You create or to which You contribute are governed by the terms of this License , including without limitation Section 2.2 .
The Source Code version of Covered Code may be distributed only under the terms of this License or a future version of this License released under Section 6.1 , and You must include a copy of this License with every copy of the Source Code You distribute .
You may not offer or impose any terms on any Source Code version that alters or restricts the applicable version of this License or the recipients ' rights hereunder .
However , You may include an additional document offering the additional rights described in Section 3.5 .
3.2 . Availability of Source Code .
Any Modification which
You create or to which
You contribute must be made available in Source Code form under the terms of this License either on the same media as an Executable version or via an accepted Electronic Distribution Mechanism to anyone to whom you made an Executable version available ; and if made available via Electronic Distribution Mechanism , must remain available for at least twelve ( 12 ) months after the date it initially became available , or at least six ( 6 ) months after a subsequent version of that particular Modification has been made available to such recipients .
You are responsible for ensuring that the Source Code version remains available even if the Electronic Distribution Mechanism is maintained by a third party .
3.3 . Description of Modifications .
You must cause all Covered Code to which
You contribute to contain a file documenting the changes
You made to create that Covered Code and the date of any change .
You must include a prominent statement that the Modification is derived , directly or indirectly , from Original Code provided by the Initial Developer and including the name of the Initial Developer in ( a ) the Source Code , and ( b ) in any notice in an Executable version or related documentation in which You describe the origin or ownership of the Covered Code .
3.4 . Intellectual Property Matters ( a) Third Party Claims .
If Contributor has knowledge that a license under a third party 's intellectual property rights is required to exercise the rights granted by such Contributor under Sections 2.1 or 2.2 , Contributor must include a text file with the Source Code distribution titled " LEGAL " which describes the claim and the party making the claim in sufficient detail that a recipient will know whom to contact .
If Contributor obtains such knowledge after the Modification is made available as described in Section 3.2 , Contributor shall promptly modify the LEGAL file in all copies Contributor makes available thereafter and shall take other steps ( such as notifying appropriate mailing lists or newsgroups ) reasonably calculated to inform those who received the Covered Code that new knowledge has been obtained .
( b ) Contributor APIs .
If Contributor 's Modifications include an application programming interface and Contributor has knowledge of patent licenses which are reasonably necessary to implement that API , Contributor must also include this information in the LEGAL file .
3.5 . Required Notices .
You must duplicate the notice in Exhibit A in each file of the Source Code .
If it is not possible to put such notice in a particular Source Code file due to its structure , then You must include such notice in a location ( such as a relevant directory ) where a user would be likely to look for such a notice .
If You created one or more Modification (s ) You may add your name as a Contributor to the notice described in Exhibit A . You must also duplicate this License in any documentation for the Source Code where You describe recipients ' rights or ownership rights relating to Covered Code .
You may choose to offer , and to charge a fee for , warranty , support , indemnity or liability obligations to one or more recipients of Covered Code .
However ,
You may do so only on Your own behalf , and not on behalf of the Initial Developer or any Contributor .
You must make it absolutely clear than any such warranty , support , indemnity or liability obligation is offered by You alone , and You hereby agree to indemnify the Initial Developer and every Contributor for any liability incurred by the Initial Developer or such Contributor as a result of warranty , support , indemnity or liability terms
You offer .
3.6 . Distribution of Executable Versions .
You may distribute Covered Code in Executable form only if the requirements of Section 3.1 - 3.5 have been met for that Covered Code , and if You include a notice stating that the Source Code version of the Covered Code is available under the terms of this License , including a description of how and where You have fulfilled the obligations of Section 3.2 .
The notice must be conspicuously included in any notice in an Executable version , related documentation or collateral in which You describe recipients ' rights relating to the Covered Code .
You may distribute the Executable version of Covered Code or ownership rights under a license of Your choice , which may contain terms different from this License , provided that You are in compliance with the terms of this License and that the license for the Executable version does not attempt to limit or alter the recipient 's rights in the Source Code version from the rights set forth in this License .
If You distribute the Executable version under a different license
You must make it absolutely clear that any terms which differ from this License are offered by You alone , not by the Initial Developer or any Contributor .
You hereby agree to indemnify the Initial Developer and every Contributor for any liability incurred by the Initial Developer or such Contributor as a result of any such terms
You offer .
3.7 . Larger Works .
You may create a Larger Work by combining Covered Code with other code not governed by the terms of this License and distribute the Larger Work as a single product .
In such a case , You must make sure the requirements of this License are fulfilled for the Covered Code .
4 . Inability to Comply Due to Statute or Regulation .
If it is impossible for
You to comply with any of the terms of this License with respect to some or all of the Covered Code due to statute , judicial order , or regulation then You must : ( a ) comply with the terms of this License to the maximum extent possible ; and ( b ) describe the limitations and the code they affect .
Such description must be included in the LEGAL file described in Section 3.4 and must be included with all distributions of the Source Code .
Except to the extent prohibited by statute or regulation , such description must be sufficiently detailed for a recipient of ordinary skill to be able to understand it .
5 . Application of this License .
This License applies to code to which the Initial Developer has attached the notice in Exhibit A and to related Covered Code .
6 . Versions of the License .
6.1 . New Versions .
Netscape Communications Corporation ( " Netscape " ) may publish revised and / or new versions of the License from time to time .
Each version will be given a distinguishing version number .
6.2 . Effect of New Versions .
Once Covered Code has been published under a particular version of the License , You may always continue to use it under the terms of that version .
You may also choose to use such Covered Code under the terms of any subsequent version of the License published by Netscape .
No one other than Netscape has the right to modify the terms applicable to Covered Code created under this License .
6.3 . Derivative Works .
If You create or use a modified version of this License ( which you may only do in order to apply it to code which is not already Covered Code governed by this License ) , You must ( a ) rename Your license so that the phrases " Mozilla " , " MOZILLAPL " , " MOZPL " , " Netscape " , " MPL " , " NPL " or any confusingly similar phrase do not appear in your license ( except to note that your license differs from this License ) and ( b ) otherwise make it clear that Your version of the license contains terms which differ from the Mozilla Public License and Netscape Public License .
( Filling in the name of the Initial Developer , Original Code or Contributor in the notice described in Exhibit A shall not of themselves be deemed to be modifications of this License . )
7 . DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY .
COVERED CODE IS PROVIDED UNDER THIS LICENSE ON AN " AS IS " BASIS , WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED , INCLUDING , WITHOUT LIMITATION , WARRANTIES THAT THE COVERED CODE IS FREE OF DEFECTS , MERCHANTABLE , FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON - INFRINGING .
THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE COVERED CODE IS WITH YOU .
SHOULD ANY COVERED CODE PROVE DEFECTIVE IN ANY RESPECT , YOU ( NOT THE INITIAL DEVELOPER OR ANY OTHER CONTRIBUTOR ) ASSUME THE COST OF ANY NECESSARY SERVICING , REPAIR OR CORRECTION .
THIS DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS LICENSE .
NO USE OF ANY COVERED CODE IS AUTHORIZED HEREUNDER EXCEPT UNDER THIS DISCLAIMER .
8 . TERMINATION . 8.1 . This License and the rights granted hereunder will terminate automatically if You fail to comply with terms herein and fail to cure such breach within 30 days of becoming aware of the breach .
All sublicenses to the Covered Code which are properly granted shall survive any termination of this License .
Provisions which , by their nature , must remain in effect beyond the termination of this License shall survive .
8.2 . If You initiate litigation by asserting a patent infringement claim ( excluding declaratory judgment actions ) against Initial Developer or a Contributor ( the Initial Developer or Contributor against whom
You file such action is referred to as " Participant " ) alleging that : ( a ) such Participant 's Contributor Version directly or indirectly infringes any patent , then any and all rights granted by such Participant to You under Sections 2.1 and / or 2.2 of this License shall , upon 60 days notice from Participant terminate prospectively , unless if within 60 days after receipt of notice
You either : ( i ) agree in writing to pay Participant a mutually agreeable reasonable royalty for Your past and future use of Modifications made by such Participant , or ( ii ) withdraw Your litigation claim with respect to the Contributor Version against such Participant .
If within 60 days of notice , a reasonable royalty and payment arrangement are not mutually agreed upon in writing by the parties or the litigation claim is not withdrawn , the rights granted by Participant to You under Sections 2.1 and / or 2.2 automatically terminate at the expiration of the 60 day notice period specified above .
( b ) any software , hardware , or device , other than such Participant 's Contributor Version , directly or indirectly infringes any patent , then any rights granted to You by such Participant under Sections 2.1 ( b ) and 2.2 ( b ) are revoked effective as of the date
You first made , used , sold , distributed , or had made , Modifications made by that Participant .
8.3 . If You assert a patent infringement claim against Participant alleging that such Participant 's Contributor Version directly or indirectly infringes any patent where such claim is resolved ( such as by license or settlement ) prior to the initiation of patent infringement litigation , then the reasonable value of the licenses granted by such Participant under Sections 2.1 or 2.2 shall be taken into account in determining the amount or value of any payment or license .
8.4 .
In the event of termination under Sections 8.1 or 8.2 above , all end user license agreements ( excluding distributors and resellers ) which have been validly granted by You or any distributor hereunder prior to termination shall survive termination .
9 . LIMITATION OF LIABILITY .
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY , WHETHER TORT ( INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE ) , CONTRACT , OR OTHERWISE , SHALL YOU , THE INITIAL DEVELOPER , ANY OTHER CONTRIBUTOR , OR ANY DISTRIBUTOR OF COVERED CODE , OR ANY SUPPLIER OF ANY OF SUCH PARTIES , BE LIABLE TO ANY PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT , SPECIAL , INCIDENTAL , OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER INCLUDING , WITHOUT LIMITATION , DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL , WORK STOPPAGE , COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION , OR ANY AND ALL OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES , EVEN IF SUCH PARTY SHALL HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES .
THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY RESULTING FROM SUCH PARTY'S NEGLIGENCE TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS SUCH LIMITATION .
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES , SO THIS EXCLUSION AND LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU .
10 . U.S. GOVERNMENT END USERS .
The Covered Code is a " commercial item , " as that term is defined in 48 C.F.R. 2.101 ( Oct. 1995 ) , consisting of " commercial computer software " and " commercial computer software documentation , " as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212 ( Sept. 1995 ) .
Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202 -1 through 227.7202 -4 ( June 1995 ) , all U.S. Government End Users acquire Covered Code with only those rights set forth herein .
11 . MISCELLANEOUS .
This License represents the complete agreement concerning subject matter hereof .
If any provision of this License is held to be unenforceable , such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable .
This License shall be governed by California law provisions ( except to the extent applicable law , if any , provides otherwise ) , excluding its conflict - of - law provisions .
With respect to disputes in which at least one party is a citizen of , or an entity chartered or registered to do business in the United States of America , any litigation relating to this License shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Courts of the Northern District of California , with venue lying in Santa Clara County , California , with the losing party responsible for costs , including without limitation , court costs and reasonable attorneys ' fees and expenses .
The application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded .
Any law or regulation which provides that the language of a contract shall be construed against the drafter shall not apply to this License .
12 . RESPONSIBILITY FOR CLAIMS .
As between Initial Developer and the Contributors , each party is responsible for claims and damages arising , directly or indirectly , out of its utilization of rights under this License and You agree to work with Initial Developer and Contributors to distribute such responsibility on an equitable basis .
Nothing herein is intended or shall be deemed to constitute any admission of liability .
13 . MULTIPLE -LICENSED CODE .
Initial Developer may designate portions of the Covered Code as " Multiple - Licensed " .
" Multiple - Licensed " means that the Initial Developer permits you to utilize portions of the Covered Code under Your choice of the NPL or the alternative licenses , if any , specified by the Initial Developer in the file described in Exhibit A. EXHIBIT A - Mozilla Public License .
`` The contents of this file are subject to the Mozilla Public License Version 1.1 ( the " License " ) ; you may not use this file except in compliance with the License .
You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.mozilla.org/MPL/
Software distributed under the License is distributed on an " AS IS " basis , WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , either express or implied .
See the License for the specific language governing rights and limitations under the License .
The Original Code is ______________________________________.
The Initial Developer of the Original Code is ________________________.
Portions created by ______________________ are Copyright ( C ) ______ _______________________.
All Rights Reserved . Contributor(s ) : ______________________________________.
Alternatively , the contents of this file may be used under the terms of the _____ license ( the " [ ___ ] License " ) , in which case the provisions of [ ______ ]
License are applicable instead of those above .
If you wish to allow use of your version of this file only under the terms of the [ ____ ]
License and not to allow others to use your version of this file under the MPL , indicate your decision by deleting the provisions above and replace them with the notice and other provisions required by the [ ___ ]
License .
If you do not delete the provisions above , a recipient may use your version of this file under either the MPL or the [ ___ ] License . "
[ NOTE :
The text of this Exhibit A may differ slightly from the text of the notices in the Source Code files of the Original Code .
You should use the text of this Exhibit A rather than the text found in the Original Code Source Code for Your Modifications . ]
A.2.4 . MIT License Permission is hereby granted , free of charge , to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files ( the " Software " ) , to deal in the Software without restriction , including without limitation the rights to use , copy , modify , merge , publish , distribute , sublicense , and / or sell copies of the Software , and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so , subject to the following conditions :
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software .
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED " AS IS " , WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , EXPRESS OR IMPLIED , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT .
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM , DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY , WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT , TORT OR OTHERWISE , ARISING FROM , OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE .
A.2.5 . X Consortium License ( X11 ) Permission is hereby granted , free of charge , to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files ( the " Software " ) , to deal in the Software without restriction , including without limitation the rights to use , copy , modify , merge , publish , distribute , sublicense , and / or sell copies of the Software , and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so , subject to the following conditions :
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software .
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED " AS IS " , WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , EXPRESS OR IMPLIED , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT .
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM , DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY , WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT , TORT OR OTHERWISE , ARISING FROM , OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE .
A.2.6. zlib License
This software is provided ' as - is ' , without any express or implied warranty .
In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages arising from the use of this software .
Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose , including commercial applications , and to alter it and redistribute it freely , subject to the following restrictions : 1 . The origin of this software must not be misrepresented ; you must not claim that you wrote the original software .
If you use this software in a product , an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be appreciated but is not required .
2 . Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such , and must not be misrepresented as being the original software .
3 . This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution .
Jean - loup Gailly Mark Adler jloup@gzip.org madler@alumni.caltech.edu
A.2.7 . OpenSSL License
This package is an SSL implementation written by Eric Young ( eay@cryptsoft.com ) .
The implementation was written so as to conform with Netscape 's SSL .
This library is free for commercial and non-commercial use as long as the following conditions are adhered to .
The following conditions apply to all code found in this distribution , be it the RC4 , RSA , lhash , DES , etc. , code ; not just the SSL code .
The SSL documentation included with this distribution is covered by the same copyright terms except that the holder is Tim Hudson ( tjh@cryptsoft.com ) .
Copyright remains Eric Young's , and as such any Copyright notices in the code are not to be removed .
If this package is used in a product , Eric Young should be given attribution as the author of the parts of the library used .
This can be in the form of a textual message at program startup or in documentation ( online or textual ) provided with the package .
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms , with or without modification , are permitted provided that the following conditions are met : 1 . Redistributions of source code must retain the copyright notice , this list of conditions and the following disclaimer .
2 . Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice , this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and / or other materials provided with the distribution .
3 . All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software must display the following acknowledgement : " This product includes cryptographic software written by Eric Young ( eay@cryptsoft.com ) "
The word ' cryptographic ' can be left out if the routines from the library being used are not cryptographic related :-) .
4 . If you include any Windows specific code ( or a derivative thereof ) from the apps directory ( application code ) you must include an acknowledgement : " This product includes software written by Tim Hudson ( tjh@cryptsoft.com ) "
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG ``AS IS '' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES , INCLUDING , BUT NOT LIMITED TO , THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED .
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT , INDIRECT , INCIDENTAL , SPECIAL , EXEMPLARY , OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ( INCLUDING , BUT NOT LIMITED TO , PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES ; LOSS OF USE , DATA , OR PROFITS ; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION ) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY , WHETHER IN CONTRACT , STRICT LIABILITY , OR TORT ( INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE ) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE , EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE .
The licence and distribution terms for any publicly available version or derivative of this code cannot be changed .
i.e. this code cannot simply be copied and put under another distribution licence [ including the GNU Public Licence . ]
A.2.8 . Slirp License Copyright ( c ) 1995,1996 Danny Gasparovski .
All rights reserved .
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms , with or without modification , are permitted provided that the following conditions are met : 1 . Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice , this list of conditions and the following disclaimer .
2 . Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice , this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and / or other materials provided with the distribution .
3 . All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software must display the following acknowledgment :
This product includes software developed by Danny Gasparovski .
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS '' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES , INCLUDING , BUT NOT LIMITED TO , THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED .
IN NO EVENT SHALL DANNY GASPAROVSKI OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT , INDIRECT , INCIDENTAL , SPECIAL , EXEMPLARY , OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ( INCLUDING , BUT NOT LIMITED TO , PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES ; LOSS OF USE , DATA , OR PROFITS ; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION ) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY , WHETHER IN CONTRACT , STRICT LIABILITY , OR TORT ( INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE ) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE , EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE .
A.2.9. liblzf License Redistribution and use in source and binary forms , with or without modification , are permitted provided that the following conditions are met : 1 . Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice , this list of conditions and the following disclaimer .
2 . Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice , this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and / or other materials provided with the distribution .
3 . The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission .
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS '' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES , INCLUDING , BUT NOT LIMITED TO , THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED .
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT , INDIRECT , INCIDENTAL , SPECIAL , EXEMPLARY , OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ( INCLUDING , BUT NOT LIMITED TO , PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES ; LOSS OF USE , DATA , OR PROFITS ; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION ) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY , WHETHER IN CONTRACT , STRICT LIABILITY , OR TORT ( INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE ) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE , EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE .
A.2.10 . libpng License
The PNG Reference Library is supplied " AS IS " .
The Contributing Authors and Group 42 , Inc. disclaim all warranties , expressed or implied , including , without limitation , the warranties of merchantability and of fitness for any purpose .
The Contributing Authors and Group 42 , Inc. assume no liability for direct , indirect , incidental , special , exemplary , or consequential damages , which may result from the use of the PNG Reference Library , even if advised of the possibility of such damage .
Permission is hereby granted to use , copy , modify , and distribute this source code , or portions hereof , for any purpose , without fee , subject to the following restrictions : 1 . The origin of this source code must not be misrepresented .
2 . Altered versions must be plainly marked as such and must not be misrepresented as being the original source .
3 . This Copyright notice may not be removed or altered from any source or altered source distribution .
The Contributing Authors and Group 42 , Inc. specifically permit , without fee , and encourage the use of this source code as a component to supporting the PNG file format in commercial products .
If you use this source code in a product , acknowledgment is not required but would be appreciated .
A.2.11 . lwIP License Redistribution and use in source and binary forms , with or without modification , are permitted provided that the following conditions are met : 1 . Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice , this list of conditions and the following disclaimer .
2 . Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice , this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and / or other materials provided with the distribution .
3 . The name of the author may not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission .
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS '' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES , INCLUDING , BUT NOT LIMITED TO , THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED .
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT , INDIRECT , INCIDENTAL , SPECIAL , EXEMPLARY , OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ( INCLUDING , BUT NOT LIMITED TO , PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES ; LOSS OF USE , DATA , OR PROFITS ; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION ) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY , WHETHER IN CONTRACT , STRICT LIABILITY , OR TORT ( INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE ) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE , EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE .
A.2.12 . libxml License Except where otherwise noted in the source code ( e.g. the files hash.c , list.c and the trio files , which are covered by a similar licence but with different Copyright notices ) all the files are : Copyright ( C ) 1998 - 2003 Daniel Veillard .
All Rights Reserved .
Permission is hereby granted , free of charge , to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files ( the " Software " ) , to deal in the Software without restriction , including without limitation the rights to use , copy , modify , merge , publish , distribute , sublicense , and / or sell copies of the Software , and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so , subject to the following conditions :
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software .
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED " AS IS " , WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , EXPRESS OR IMPLIED , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT .
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE DANIEL VEILLARD BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM , DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY , WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT , TORT OR OTHERWISE , ARISING FROM , OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE .
Except as contained in this notice , the name of Daniel Veillard shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale , use or other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization from him .
A.2.13 . libxslt Licenses Licence for libxslt except libexslt : Copyright ( C ) 2001 - 2002 Daniel Veillard .
All Rights Reserved .
Permission is hereby granted , free of charge , to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files ( the " Software " ) , to deal in the Software without restriction , including without limitation the rights to use , copy , modify , merge , publish , distribute , sublicense , and / or sell copies of the Software , and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so , subject to the following conditions :
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software .
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED " AS IS " , WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , EXPRESS OR IMPLIED , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT .
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE DANIEL VEILLARD BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM , DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY , WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT , TORT OR OTHERWISE , ARISING FROM , OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE .
Except as contained in this notice , the name of Daniel Veillard shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale , use or other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization from him .
Licence for libexslt : Copyright ( C ) 2001 - 2002 Thomas Broyer , Charlie Bozeman and Daniel Veillard .
All Rights Reserved .
Permission is hereby granted , free of charge , to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files ( the " Software " ) , to deal in the Software without restriction , including without limitation the rights to use , copy , modify , merge , publish , distribute , sublicense , and / or sell copies of the Software , and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so , subject to the following conditions :
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software .
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED " AS IS " , WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , EXPRESS OR IMPLIED , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT .
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM , DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY , WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT , TORT OR OTHERWISE , ARISING FROM , OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE .
Except as contained in this notice , the name of the authors shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale , use or other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization from him .
A.2.14 . gSOAP Public License Version 1.3a
The gSOAP public license is derived from the Mozilla Public License ( MPL1.1 ) .
The sections that were deleted from the original MPL1.1 text are 1.0.1 , 2.1. ( c ) , ( d ) , 2.2. ( c ) , ( d ) , 8.2 . ( b ) , 10 , and 11 .
Section 3.8 was added .
The modified sections are 2.1. ( b ) , 2.2. ( b ) , 3.2 ( simplified ) , 3.5 ( deleted the last sentence ) , and 3.6 ( simplified ) .
1 DEFINITIONS 1.1. " Contributor " means each entity that creates or contributes to the creation of Modifications .
1.2. " Contributor Version " means the combination of the Original Code , prior Modifications used by a Contributor , and the Modifications made by that particular Contributor .
1.3 . " Covered Code " means the Original Code , or Modifications or the combination of the Original Code , and Modifications , in each case including portions thereof .
1.4 . " Electronic Distribution Mechanism " means a mechanism generally accepted in the software development community for the electronic transfer of data .
1.5 . " Executable " means Covered Code in any form other than Source Code .
1.6 . " Initial Developer " means the individual or entity identified as the Initial Developer in the Source Code notice required by Exhibit A. 1.7 .
" Larger Work " means a work which combines Covered Code or portions thereof with code not governed by the terms of this License .
1.8 . " License " means this document .
1.8.1 . " Licensable " means having the right to grant , to the maximum extent possible , whether at the time of the initial grant or subsequently acquired , any and all of the rights conveyed herein .
1.9 . " Modifications " means any addition to or deletion from the substance or structure of either the Original Code or any previous Modifications .
When Covered Code is released as a series of files , a Modification is : A . Any addition to or deletion from the contents of a file containing Original Code or previous Modifications .
B . Any new file that contains any part of the Original Code , or previous Modifications .
1.10 . " Original Code " means Source Code of computer software code which is described in the Source Code notice required by Exhibit A as Original Code , and which , at the time of its release under this License is not already Covered Code governed by this License .
1.10.1 . " Patent Claims " means any patent claim (s ) , now owned or hereafter acquired , including without limitation , method , process , and apparatus claims , in any patent Licensable by grantor .
1.11 . " Source Code " means the preferred form of the Covered Code for making modifications to it , including all modules it contains , plus any associated interface definition files , scripts used to control compilation and installation of an Executable , or source code differential comparisons against either the Original Code or another well known , available Covered Code of the Contributor 's choice .
The Source Code can be in a compressed or archival form , provided the appropriate decompression or de-archiving software is widely available for no charge .
1.12 . " You " ( or " Your " ) means an individual or a legal entity exercising rights under , and complying with all of the terms of , this License or a future version of this License issued under Section 6.1 .
For legal entities , " You " includes any entity which controls , is controlled by , or is under common control with You .
For purposes of this definition , " control " means ( a ) the power , direct or indirect , to cause the direction or management of such entity , whether by contract or otherwise , or ( b ) ownership of more than fifty percent ( 50 % ) of the outstanding shares or beneficial ownership of such entity .
2 SOURCE CODE LICENSE .
2.1 . The Initial Developer Grant .
The Initial Developer hereby grants
You a world - wide , royalty - free , non-exclusive license , subject to third party intellectual property claims : ( a ) under intellectual property rights ( other than patent or trademark ) Licensable by Initial Developer to use , reproduce , modify , display , perform , sublicense and distribute the Original Code ( or portions thereof ) with or without Modifications , and / or as part of a Larger Work ; and ( b ) under patents now or hereafter owned or controlled by Initial Developer , to make , have made , use and sell ( " offer to sell and import " ) the Original Code , Modifications , or portions thereof , but solely to the extent that any such patent is reasonably necessary to enable
You to utilize , alone or in combination with other software , the Original Code , Modifications , or any combination or portions thereof .
( c ) ( d ) 2.2 . Contributor Grant .
Subject to third party intellectual property claims , each Contributor hereby grants
You a world - wide , royalty - free , non-exclusive license ( a ) under intellectual property rights ( other than patent or trademark ) Licensable by Contributor , to use , reproduce , modify , display , perform , sublicense and distribute the Modifications created by such Contributor ( or portions thereof ) either on an unmodified basis , with other Modifications , as Covered Code and / or as part of a Larger Work ; and ( b ) under patents now or hereafter owned or controlled by Contributor , to make , have made , use and sell ( " offer to sell and import " ) the Contributor Version ( or portions thereof ) , but solely to the extent that any such patent is reasonably necessary to enable
You to utilize , alone or in combination with other software , the Contributor Version ( or portions thereof ) .
( c ) ( d ) 3 DISTRIBUTION OBLIGATIONS .
3.1 . Application of License .
The Modifications which
You create or to which You contribute are governed by the terms of this License , including without limitation Section 2.2 .
The Source Code version of Covered Code may be distributed only under the terms of this License or a future version of this License released under Section 6.1 , and You must include a copy of this License with every copy of the Source Code You distribute .
You may not offer or impose any terms on any Source Code version that alters or restricts the applicable version of this License or the recipients ' rights hereunder .
However , You may include an additional document offering the additional rights described in Section 3.5 .
3.2 . Availability of Source Code .
Any Modification created by You will be provided to the Initial Developer in Source Code form and are subject to the terms of the License .
3.3 . Description of Modifications .
You must cause all Covered Code to which
You contribute to contain a file documenting the changes
You made to create that Covered Code and the date of any change .
You must include a prominent statement that the Modification is derived , directly or indirectly , from Original Code provided by the Initial Developer and including the name of the Initial Developer in ( a ) the Source Code , and ( b ) in any notice in an Executable version or related documentation in which You describe the origin or ownership of the Covered Code .
3.4 . Intellectual Property Matters .
( a ) Third Party Claims .
If Contributor has knowledge that a license under a third party 's intellectual property rights is required to exercise the rights granted by such Contributor under Sections 2.1 or 2.2 , Contributor must include a text file with the Source Code distribution titled " LEGAL " which describes the claim and the party making the claim in sufficient detail that a recipient will know whom to contact .
If Contributor obtains such knowledge after the Modification is made available as described in Section 3.2 , Contributor shall promptly modify the LEGAL file in all copies Contributor makes available thereafter and shall take other steps ( such as notifying appropriate mailing lists or newsgroups ) reasonably calculated to inform those who received the Covered Code that new knowledge has been obtained .
( b ) Contributor APIs .
If Contributor 's Modifications include an application programming interface and Contributor has knowledge of patent licenses which are reasonably necessary to implement that API , Contributor must also include this information in the LEGAL file .
( c ) Representations .
Contributor represents that , except as disclosed pursuant to Section 3.4 ( a ) above , Contributor believes that Contributor 's Modifications are Contributor 's original creation (s ) and / or Contributor has sufficient rights to grant the rights conveyed by this License .
3.5 . Required Notices .
You must duplicate the notice in Exhibit A in each file of the Source Code .
If it is not possible to put such notice in a particular Source Code file due to its structure , then You must include such notice in a location ( such as a relevant directory ) where a user would be likely to look for such a notice .
If You created one or more Modification (s ) You may add your name as a Contributor to the notice described in Exhibit A . You must also duplicate this License in any documentation for the Source Code where You describe recipients ' rights or ownership rights relating to Covered Code .
You may choose to offer , and to charge a fee for , warranty , support , indemnity or liability obligations to one or more recipients of Covered Code .
However ,
You may do so only on Your own behalf , and not on behalf of the Initial Developer or any Contributor .
3.6 . Distribution of Executable Versions .
You may distribute Covered Code in Executable form only if the requirements of Section 3.1 - 3.5 have been met for that Covered Code .
You may distribute the Executable version of Covered Code or ownership rights under a license of Your choice , which may contain terms different from this License , provided that You are in compliance with the terms of this License and that the license for the Executable version does not attempt to limit or alter the recipient 's rights in the Source Code version from the rights set forth in this License .
If You distribute the Executable version under a different license
You must make it absolutely clear that any terms which differ from this License are offered by You alone , not by the Initial Developer or any Contributor .
If you distribute executable versions containing Covered Code as part of a product , you must reproduce the notice in Exhibit B in the documentation and / or other materials provided with the product .
3.7 . Larger Works .
You may create a Larger Work by combining Covered Code with other code not governed by the terms of this License and distribute the Larger Work as a single product .
In such a case , You must make sure the requirements of this License are fulfilled for the Covered Code .
3.8 . Restrictions .
You may not remove any product identification , copyright , proprietary notices or labels from gSOAP .
4 INABILITY TO COMPLY DUE TO STATUTE OR REGULATION .
If it is impossible for You to comply with any of the terms of this License with respect to some or all of the Covered Code due to statute , judicial order , or regulation then You must : ( a ) comply with the terms of this License to the maximum extent possible ; and ( b ) describe the limitations and the code they affect .
Such description must be included in the LEGAL file described in Section 3.4 and must be included with all distributions of the Source Code .
Except to the extent prohibited by statute or regulation , such description must be sufficiently detailed for a recipient of ordinary skill to be able to understand it .
5 APPLICATION OF THIS LICENSE .
This License applies to code to which the Initial Developer has attached the notice in Exhibit A and to related Covered Code .
6 VERSIONS OF THE LICENSE .
6.1 . New Versions .
Grantor may publish revised and / or new versions of the License from time to time .
Each version will be given a distinguishing version number .
6.2 . Effect of New Versions .
Once Covered Code has been published under a particular version of the License , You may always continue to use it under the terms of that version .
You may also choose to use such Covered Code under the terms of any subsequent version of the License .
6.3 . Derivative Works .
If You create or use a modified version of this License ( which you may only do in order to apply it to code which is not already Covered Code governed by this License ) , You must ( a ) rename Your license so that the phrase " gSOAP " or any confusingly similar phrase do not appear in your license ( except to note that your license differs from this License ) and ( b ) otherwise make it clear that Your version of the license contains terms which differ from the gSOAP Public License .
( Filling in the name of the Initial Developer , Original Code or Contributor in the notice described in Exhibit A shall not of themselves be deemed to be modifications of this License . )
7 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY .
COVERED CODE IS PROVIDED UNDER THIS LICENSE ON AN " AS IS " BASIS , WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , WHETHER EXPRESS , IMPLIED OR STATUTORY , INCLUDING , WITHOUT LIMITATION , THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE , NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS , AND ANY WARRANTY THAT MAY ARISE BY REASON OF TRADE USAGE , CUSTOM , OR COURSE OF DEALING .
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING , YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED " AS IS " AND THAT THE AUTHORS DO NOT WARRANT THE SOFTWARE WILL RUN UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE .
LIMITED LIABILITY THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO RESULTS AND PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE IS ASSUMED BY YOU .
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL , INDIRECT , INCIDENTAL , EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND OR NATURE WHATSOEVER , WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT , WARRANTY , TORT ( INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE ) , STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE , ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THE SOFTWARE , EVEN IF THE AUTHORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED ON THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE OR IF SUCH DAMAGE COULD HAVE BEEN REASONABLY FORESEEN , AND NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY EXCLUSIVE REMEDY PROVIDED .
SUCH LIMITATION ON DAMAGES INCLUDES , BUT IS NOT LIMITED TO , DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL , LOST PROFITS , LOSS OF DATA OR SOFTWARE , WORK STOPPAGE , COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION OR IMPAIRMENT OF OTHER GOODS .
IN NO EVENT WILL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR THE COSTS OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE SOFTWARE OR SERVICES .
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THIS SOFTWARE IS NOT DESIGNED FOR USE IN ON - LINE EQUIPMENT IN HAZARDOUS ENVIRONMENTS SUCH AS OPERATION OF NUCLEAR FACILITIES , AIRCRAFT NAVIGATION OR CONTROL , OR LIFE - CRITICAL APPLICATIONS .
THE AUTHORS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY LIABILITY RESULTING FROM USE OF THE SOFTWARE IN ANY SUCH ON - LINE EQUIPMENT IN HAZARDOUS ENVIRONMENTS AND ACCEPTS NO LIABILITY IN RESPECT OF ANY ACTIONS OR CLAIMS BASED ON THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE IN ANY SUCH ON - LINE EQUIPMENT IN HAZARDOUS ENVIRONMENTS BY YOU .
FOR PURPOSES OF THIS PARAGRAPH , THE TERM " LIFE - CRITICAL APPLICATION " MEANS AN APPLICATION IN WHICH THE FUNCTIONING OR MALFUNCTIONING OF THE SOFTWARE MAY RESULT DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN PHYSICAL INJURY OR LOSS OF HUMAN LIFE .
THIS DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS LICENSE .
NO USE OF ANY COVERED CODE IS AUTHORIZED HEREUNDER EXCEPT UNDER THIS DISCLAIMER .
8 TERMINATION . 8.1 . This License and the rights granted hereunder will terminate automatically if You fail to comply with terms herein and fail to cure such breach within 30 days of becoming aware of the breach .
All sublicenses to the Covered Code which are properly granted shall survive any termination of this License .
Provisions which , by their nature , must remain in effect beyond the termination of this License shall survive .
8.2 . 8.3 . If You assert a patent infringement claim against Participant alleging that such Participant 's Contributor Version directly or indirectly infringes any patent where such claim is resolved ( such as by license or settlement ) prior to the initiation of patent infringement litigation , then the reasonable value of the licenses granted by such Participant under Sections 2.1 or 2.2 shall be taken into account in determining the amount or value of any payment or license .
8.4 .
In the event of termination under Sections 8.1 or 8.2 above , all end user license agreements ( excluding distributors and resellers ) which have been validly granted by You or any distributor hereunder prior to termination shall survive termination .
9 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY .
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY , WHETHER TORT ( INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE ) , CONTRACT , OR OTHERWISE , SHALL YOU , THE INITIAL DEVELOPER , ANY OTHER CONTRIBUTOR , OR ANY DISTRIBUTOR OF COVERED CODE , OR ANY SUPPLIER OF ANY OF SUCH PARTIES , BE LIABLE TO ANY PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT , SPECIAL , INCIDENTAL , OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER INCLUDING , WITHOUT LIMITATION , DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL , WORK STOPPAGE , COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION , OR ANY AND ALL OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES , EVEN IF SUCH PARTY SHALL HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES .
THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY RESULTING FROM SUCH PARTY'S NEGLIGENCE TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS SUCH LIMITATION .
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES , SO THIS EXCLUSION AND LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU .
10 U.S. GOVERNMENT END USERS .
11 MISCELLANEOUS .
12 RESPONSIBILITY FOR CLAIMS .
As between Initial Developer and the Contributors , each party is responsible for claims and damages arising , directly or indirectly , out of its utilization of rights under this License and You agree to work with Initial Developer and Contributors to distribute such responsibility on an equitable basis .
Nothing herein is intended or shall be deemed to constitute any admission of liability .
EXHIBIT A . " The contents of this file are subject to the gSOAP Public License Version 1.3 ( the " License " ) ; you may not use this file except in compliance with the License .
You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.cs.fsu.edu/~engelen/soaplicense.html.
Software distributed under the License is distributed on an " AS IS " basis , WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , either express or implied .
See the License for the specific language governing rights and limitations under the License .
The Original Code of the gSOAP Software is : stdsoap.h , stdsoap2.h , stdsoap.c , stdsoap2.c , stdsoap.cpp , stdsoap2.cpp , soapcpp2.h , soapcpp2.c , soapcpp2_lex.l , soapcpp2_y
Calling The Pirate Bay ’s owners “ sellouts ” who made a “ deal with the devil , ” users of the notorious torrent - tracking site expressed their frustrations across the Internet today .
The cause of their ire , of course , was news that a Swedish company is buying The Pirate Bay ( TPB ) for $ 7.8 million .
The buyer , Global Gaming Factory X , plans to turn TPB straight and end its reign as a haven for pirates who use the site to find — and illegally download — copyrighted content across the Net .
File - sharing fans expressed their outrage in numerous forums for torrent - tracking sites , including Mininova , SuprBay , and TorrentFreak , as well as in social - networking venues such as Twitter .
Of these , Torrent Freak seemed to have the liveliest debates .
One irate poster , “ redc , ” saw The Pirate Bay sale as a blow to “ pirate ideals and righteousness : ”
“ Calling TPB sellouts is mild .
I rarely use TPB anymore but I was a fan because of their audacity … TPB doing something like this seems contrary to what they stood for .
So it sucks . ”
And “ Drugs ” blasted Peter Sunde , one of The Pirate Bay founders , for turning his back on the ideals of Net piracy :
“ Good job Peter , I used to admire you , respect you , looked up to you as an internet activist , I felt like you would fight for all of us , pirates , and the freedom of the internet but I was wrong . ”
Many disgruntled TPB fans said they ’ll simply switch to similar services on the Net .
On Twitter , Lindsay Franco wrote : “ There are plenty of other sites that will be able to handle my needs .
RIP Pirate Bay . ”
But not everybody blasted the sale .
On TorrentFreak , for instance , “ LilSoulBro ” said the site ’s decision to go legit is a smart one : “ What is the big allure of being illegal anyway ?
It seems like you guys drank the kool - aid of the pirate marketing scheme creating in your head . ”
Whatever becomes of The Pirate Bay , most commentators agree that Internet piracy is n’t dead — not by a long shot .
As Captain Blubber opined on TorrentFreak : “ TPB ’s time has simply come .
Piracy overcame the fall of the likes of Napster and Suprnova , and it will also overcome the loss of TPB as we know it . ”
That ’s probably true , unfortunately .
Fictitious and Symbolic Creatures in Art , by John Vinycomb , [ 1909 ] , at sacred - texts.com
Apres
A fictitious animal resembling a bull , with a short tail like that of a bear .
It is the sinister supporter of the arms of the Company of Muscovy Merchants .
In a small coastal town of fishermen in Uruguay , the biologist Kraken works and lives in a house at the sea side with his wife Suli and their aggressive fifteen year - old daughter Alex .
When Suli welcomes her former best friend Erika that comes with her husband , the surgeon Ramiro and their teenage son Alvaro from Argentina to spend a couple of days with her family , Kraken learns of the real reason for their visit , for Ramiro to operate on Alex .
The reason being that Alex was born with both male and female sex organs .
During the visit Alex and Alvaro grow closer in attraction to one another and eventually have sexual intercourse which causes even more confusion for the both of them .
This film follows this period of time in Alex 's life as she deals with constant questions about her gender identification , a pursuit of love and how to cope with her uniqueness .
Written by Myria Davis , United States of America
The Greens ’ new peace initiative
July 10th , 2009
Non aggression pacts tend to get a bad press , both in real life and in fiction .
Hitler and Stalin , two of the most violent tyrants of the 20th century , signed up to a non-aggression pact in 1939 that lasted only until Hitler opened up the Eastern Front in mid 1941 .
Even in the Star Wars saga the concept of non-aggression has fared poorly , and been no substitute for the alleged virtues of The Force .
The Chiss Ascendancy for instance , did pass a Non-Aggression Law that forbade their ruling families from carrying out any acts of pre-emptive or aggressive military action .
This all ended quite badly – let ’s not talk about the war with the Yuuzhan Vong – and even while it lasted , the Non-Aggression Law did n’t stop the Chiss from being lured into aggression , in mistaken self defence .
Luckily , Green Party MP Kennedy Graham has learned from the past , real and fictional .
At the very least , his private members Bill – it is called the International Non-Aggression and the Lawful Use of Force Bill – provides a new framework for talking about peace issues in New Zealand .
Regardless of whether it ever gets drawn from the private members ’ ballot , this Bill has a ready - made constituency for its line of reasoning .
What does it entail ?
If the Bill was taken on board by other parties in Parliament and passed into law , it would mean that New Zealand armed forces could be sent away to fight only if those missions were judged to be compatible with international law .
There would be less chance of our troops being put in harm ’s way simply because someone in the Pentagon or Canberra had got on the phone , and found a sympathetic ear in Wellington .
This issue is very timely .
Right now , the Key government is still mulling over its reply to a US request to re-deploy our SAS troops in Afghanistan .
As it happens , there is no doubt whatsoever that our 140 - strong Provincial Reconstruction Team in Bamiyan is legally entitled to be there , thanks to UN resolution 1833 , which was renewed in mid-October last year .
Fine .
By the same token , it is quite unclear whether the prior UN resolutions 1368 and 1373 – both of which were essentially self defence measures , passed during September 2001 – do still , eight years later , provide a valid legal basis for the SAS re-deployment .
“ It might reasonably be queried , ” Graham says laconically , “ whether an act in America in 2001 , still justifies self - defence in Asia in 2009 … ” Well , exactly .
Meaning : the ‘ self defence ’ principle – enshrined in section 51 of the UN Charter – has to be stretched to breaking point to justify the sort of missions in which the SAS might be engaged in southern Afghanistan , or over the border into Pakistan .
In Parliament on June 16 , Graham tried in vain to find out if and when the government believed that the US - led Operation Enduring Freedom had been granted a UN mandate , renewed or otherwise .
And if so , whose self defence was being promoted – sufficient to validate the actions being taken right now by special forces in the name of Operation Enduring Freedom , within Afghanistan ?
If this really is Obama ’s War , does n’t it need a fresh UN mandate – at least before we sign up our special forces for it ?
All of the usual UN self - defence tests of necessity , proportionality and immediacy are relevant here .
Especially since the vaguely phrased UN resolution 1368 rationale for Operation Enduring Freedom could be argued to have now lapsed , and been subsumed under the explicit UN endorsement ( via resolution 1833 ) of the ISAF forces in Afghanistan , which as mentioned , is what justifies our presence in Bamiyan .
So , an SAS re-deployment as part of Operation Enduring Freedom would not , under the terms of Graham ’s private member ’s Bill , pass muster ?
“ Not in my personal opinion , ” Graham says , “ but I would be quite happy to accept the verdict of a judge on the matter . ”
Graham is keen not to use his Bill to re-litigate old grievances , such as Vietnam .
When pushed , he cited to me the Suez deployment in 1956 as being the ( only ) clear example of an illegal mission of aggression that involved the deployment of New Zealand troops .
His Bill , he stresses , is forward looking .
As he explains , the Bill enables New Zealand ( a ) to take concrete steps to show that in our domestic decisions we support the international rules about how and when aggression is to be waged and ( b ) to protect the political leaders making those hard calls , by offering them a procedure to follow when such situations arise .
The process
The system being proposed is pretty simple .
Under Graham ’s Bill , if any New Zealand leader faces a decision to commit our troops to an act of aggression , he or she – unless rare and exceptional circumstances apply – must first seek a legal opinion from the Attorney - General .
Essentially , the A - G would have to deliver a written opinion – ‘ On whether the action proposed is consistent with the obligations of New Zealand , under the Charter of the United Nations . ”
Unless rare and exceptional circumstances require an immediate response – and helpfully , such general conditions are also set out in the UN Charter – the Bill requires that the Attorney General ’s written opinion must be laid before Parliament for seven days , before a final decision is made .
Not that Parliament gets to decide on the deployment – our leaders retain that power – but the House will at least get a chance to debate it .
Furthermore , the Bill envisages a new position ( involving a five year appointed term ) of a Special Prosecutor .
This would probably be a retired judge , Graham told me – who would hear complaints , could initiate investigations and adjudicate on the deployment decisions that have been taken .
Obviously , this would not be a full - time job .
In cases where the required legal procedure had not been properly followed , this would create a criminal offence , for which the politicians involved could be prosecuted , and imprisoned for up to ten years .
That reflects the reality that it is no small thing to put soldiers in danger , and better reasons than political expedience are needed to justify it .
So far , so good .
What this process would rule out would be the blind allegiance – “ where Britain , the United States and Australia go , we go ” – that was advocated by National ’s then - Defence spokesperson Simon Power in May 2004 , with respect to the invasion of Iraq , the previous year .
The scenarios
If the Bill had existed at the time , all of our force deployments from the Korean War onwards would have qualified for consideration under its rules – but only Suez , it seems , would have clearly been out of step with international law , which has itself evolved over recent decades .
Not that aggression has n’t been dubiously rationalized at times during that period .
The notion of self defence can be very elastic .
One nation ’s blatant act of aggression , can be viewed by itself and others as a legitimate act of ‘ self defence . ’
Which does pose a practical problem for Graham ’s Bill .
In other words , bringing New Zealand practice on waging aggression into compliance with international law is not the end of the matter – not when international law is capable of major contortions on the subject .
It has been that way ever since the Caroline Doctrine of 1837 , which first successfully put ‘ anticipatory self defence ’ on the table as a rationale for a national act of aggression .
Just last week , US Vice - President Joseph Biden was indicating that a pre-emptive attack by Israel on Iran , in order to stop Iran from gaining a nuclear capacity was Israel ’s ‘ sovereign right ’ to pursue .
In some contexts , so the argument goes , one ca n’t wait until the Doomsday Device is built and operational before responding meaningfully in self defence .
To be fair to Graham , he is not a starry eyed novice on how the international law on state aggression can be twisted to dubious ends .
In 2003 , when Kofi Annan set up his special expert group to report back on the Iraq crisis and the related threats to global peace , Graham wrote a consultancy paper for that Commission , and testified before it .
It should also be noted that the report of this so called Threats , Challenges and Change expert panel was not delivered until December 2004 , more than 18 months after the invasion .
This was no isolated case of systemic lag , or failure .
As the collusion between Attorney - General Lord Goldsmith and Prime Minister Tony Blair over the legality of the invasion of Iraq has shown , the law can be used to provide a figleaf of legitimacy for a pre-determined political course of action .
Judges such as Lord Bingham can only come along later to expose the shoddy foundation of whole exercise .
This has happened in the US as well .
The US Attorney - General Alberto Gonzales and his subordinate John Yoo consciously set about concocting a legal definition of ‘ torture ’ that would enable the Bush administration and US military interrogators to bypass the UN Torture Convention .
Lawyers can be the poachers , and not the gamekeepers in this particular neck of the woods .
Graham is well aware of how ‘ complex ’ such international laws can be in practice .
Yet having a legal process set out in his Bill , he maintains , is better than having nothing at all .
On points of detail about how his Bill would operate – yes he says , the Special Prosecutor would have the power to second guess and subsequently rule upon the advice tendered by the Attorney - General .
And no – when asked about clause 10 ( 1 ) ( 3 ) – although ordinary citizens would be able to complain to the Special Prosecutor about a possible contravention of the Act by a New Zealand leader , the Special Prosecutor would not have the power to issue an injunction and prevent an illegal deployment from taking place .
The possible scenarios are legion .
Imagine , I asked Graham , if events in Fiji deteriorate to where a New Zealand leader felt impelled to send in our troops to protect New Zealand citizens .
Would that situation require the full written opinion / seven day interval before a decision to deploy troops was made ?
No , Graham replies : “ Self defence under article 51 of the UN Charter does stretch to protecting your nationals .
So the principle is there , allowing you to go in and protect nationals . ’
From that point of course , things could get murky , very quickly .
“ You have to be very careful if you are Prime Minister what that means in terms of your actual deployment , once you ’ve protected your nationals .
Because retroactively you could send in your troops to protect your nationals and then forget to go home .
In that situation , the right of self defence lapses , and you might be vulnerable to a retroactive investigation by a Special Prosecutor for having violated self defence , in which case you then have committed aggression . ”
In his view , a legal response would have to consist of what he calls ‘ an in - and - out operation . ’
He cites the raid on Entebbe , and the US action in Grenada in 1983 as examples , as opposed to an ‘ occupation of territory ’ exercise of aggression .
Unfortunately , the Grenada example is no help .
To many observers even at the time , Grenada was a bogus act of self defence of US citizens meant to bring about regime change in Grenada and to serve as a political distraction from the 243 US Marines who had just been killed in a bomb attack in Lebanon .
In the case of Fiji , New Zealand might start out intending a short sharp defensive action – but would n’t the Fijian military justifiably treat it as an invasion and re-act accordingly , which would quickly escalate the military operation beyond the defence of one ’s own expats ?
Graham is unfazed .
“ It [ military action ] would have to be basically about evacuating [ New Zealand citizens rather than going on , into stabilising the situation , ” Any consequent escalation , he continues , would be likely to be viewed by a Special Prosecutor with ‘ some circumspection ’ in determining whether aggression had occurred , and whether self - defence had been properly pursued .
Article 9 ( 2 ) of his Bill does explicitly recognize , he says , a right to self defence .
In other words , a determined leader ( with a team of lawyers riding shotgun ) could probably drive a tank through some of the main provisions in the Bill .
Better this than nothing though , as he says .
No , Graham has n’t discussed the Bill with any Labour MPs .
Does he think the National Party and Act are likely to support the Bill ?
Graham : “ I think there ’s a good chance that they will . ”
Why ?
“ Because its in their interests . ”
How so , given that the tradition of the National Party has been to answer in the affirmative any calls for military support from our traditional allies ?
“ Well let ’s see … They [ the National Party ] were not vociferously clamouring to go into Iraq in 2003 .
And the evidence from 2003 to 2009 is that it would have been a palpably stupid mistake .
We all learn as we go .
I do n’t think the current government would go into Iraq on the same basis as the three so called allies of New Zealand did , in 2003 .
That was a palpable illegality . ”
Perhaps so .
Yet legal self defence or naked aggression seems very much in the eye of the beholder .
After all , did n’t Goldsmith , under much the same process as Graham is advocating , come up with a stamp of legitimacy to bail Tony Blair out of a sticky corner ?
“ Yes .
But you see , that ’s the very point .
I take your point about the political figleaf … .
And that is absolutely intriguing , because it is exactly the Blair / Goldsmith experience that generates and ignites the motivation for this Bill .
Because as long as you leave critical decisions like that – with thousands of your own people dead on the sands – to a purported legal memorandum that is done at a political directive , you ’re going to continue to have that problem . ”
In Britain , Graham continues , the Goldsmith memo was secret .
“ It was leaked .
All the more reason for the transparency that I ’ve outlined in my Bill , for deliberation .
Now , that concentrates the mind – for the Prime Minister and for the Attorney - General , in terms of getting it right .
Because the main safety catch against your point is that there is a Special Prosecutor sitting there with special investigatory powers , to make sure that it is done correctly .
That ’s the point .
It is n’t just a political figleaf . ’
The truth , Graham concludes , has a habit of coming out , later .
“ It may take a long time , but it almost always does come out .
All the more reason to place these decisions – and they ’re sometimes quite excruciating decisions – within the framework of objective law . ”
Footnote : Today ( 10th July ) Kennedy Graham is participating in Christchurch in a colloquium on non-aggression – along with Attorney General Chris Finlayson , and other notables .
*********
See also : Scoop Audio and Report – Green MP : NZ leaders could face criminal liability
Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz
Original url
Amazon MP3 welcomes former Amie Street customers !
Read about how to get started at Amazon MP3 below or Read about how to get started at Amazon MP3 below or browse the store and find the music you love at great everyday low prices .
