Fascinating new poll I spotted via Greg Sargent shows that the American people are evidently a bunch of nutty left - wingers .
Except for the predictable minority who are n't .
The poll is from Gallup on what people think would constitute sensible energy / environmental policies .
Now , to start with , it does turn out that 66 % people still support offshore drilling but they are basically evenly divided between those who want to do more exploration for new wells and those who want to keep extant operations going but that 's it .
Only 22 % want to ban it all .
So far so reasonable .
Now is where we get into the communistic part :
Do you want to require utilities to expand renewables ?
Yes 87 , No 9 .
Do you want tougher efficiency standards ?
Yes 78 , No 17 .
Do you want limits on CO2 ?
Yes 66 , No 29 .
Do you want more oil , coal and gas exploration ?
Yes 68 , No 26 .
Do you want more nuclear power ?
Yes 50 , No 42 .
Okay .
The real message here is that people want more energy , even the dirty kind , but they think the government should place limits on CO2 .
They 're a little dubious of nuclear , but they want more power , starting with renewables .
I 'd like to meet that 9 % eh ?
Actually , on second thought ...
Finally there 's this .
Is it more important to keep energy prices low or protect the environment ?
All : Environment 56 , low prices 37 .
Dems : Env. 68 , low 28 .
Indies : Env. 59 , low 32 .
Reps : Low 52 , env. 41 .
So the Republicans are out of step with the rest of the country , which says by substantial majorities that they 'd pay higher prices for a better environment .
Just like substantial majorities typically supported a public option , remember .
To sum up then .
Majorities of Americans want renewables , CO2 reductions , higher efficiency ; and will pay higher prices .
What are the odds the energy bill that comes out of the Senate in a couple months ' time reflects these priorities ( assuming one comes out at all ) ?
Correct .
Slim .
And why ?
The power of the lobbies , yes .
But mainly the rules of the Senate , and the way the 41 who speak for the out - of - step minority group in the above have such inordinate power over what happens .
So any bill that 's passed here will be to the right of where the American people are ( this poll in my experience is hardly an outlier ) .
And if Obama pushes hard for some of these things - if , for example , he were to say that protecting the environment was worth slightly higher prices , a view most Americans back - he would be pilloried as usual by the usual loudmouth gang of paid - for reactionary cretins with their usual lies , and the press would write the story that Obama was the one who was being extreme .
I really give up some days .
No , I am not talking about homeopathic suicide , which is entirely benign ( except to the reputation of homeopathy ) .
Rather , every now and then a prominent case pops up in which someone dies of a treatable condition because they chose ( or their caregivers chose ) to rely exclusively on homeopathy or some other alternative treatment .
Since most homeopathic preparations are literally nothing but water and wishful thinking , they typically do not cause direct toxicity ( hence the “ homeopathic suicide ” stunts of skeptics ) .
Most of the harm from homeopathy comes from something far more insidious – confusing people with appealing medical fairy tales .
These cases also occur on a backdrop of inadequate regulation .
Essentially those who wish to make money by practicing medicine without proper training have managed to soften the laws so that they are able to practice medicine without proper training .
The usual defenders of consumers against rapacious industry are so beguiled by the touchy - feely rhetoric of promoters , that they have been entirely asleep at the switch .
The results are predictable .
The latest case to come to media attention comes from down under – Penelope Dingle from Perth Australia , according to local news reports , was diagnosed with colon cancer in 2003 .
Her doctors gave her a good chance of survival with standard therapy – surgery to remove the cancer , and chemotherapy to mop up any loose cells and reduce the risk of recurrence .
It is not a pleasant prospect , but with modern care it ’s not too bad , and it buys in many cases a greatly improved quality and duration of life .
Penelope Dingle , however , chose to refuse all science - based treatment and opted instead for a regimen of diet and homeopathic treatment .
But the story gets more interesting .
Her husband is a bit of a media celebrity in Australia – a self - promoting and self - proclaimed expert on toxicology and alternative health .
According to reports :
She said she had been told by one of the couple ’s close friends that the Dingles had a pact with the homeopath treating Dingle , Francine Scrayen .
Under the pact , they agreed that only alternative medicine would be used and Dr Dingle would then write a book about curing his wife ’s cancer .
Mrs Brown said that under the agreement , Dr Dingle would look after his wife ’s vitamin and antioxidant treatment and Ms Scrayen would deal with homeopathy treatments and diet .
Apparently there are diaries in evidence to substantiate this – probably because Dr. Dingle was planning on writing that book ( I wonder how that ’s going ) .
I suspect he did not want his wife to use any conventional treatment so that they could later claim she was cured entirely with their alternative treatments .
It certainly seems as if he put his career and future book potential ahead of his wife ’s health and best interests .
Further :
Giving evidence at Dingle ’s inquest yesterday before West Australian Coroner Alastair Hope , her sister Toni Brown said seeing Dingle in 2003 was like watching “ somebody being tortured ” .
Not only was Penelope Dingle allowed to die , according to reports she was allowed to remain in pain without the benefit of even pain killers .
That ’s the kind of thing that can happen when you blithely reject our entire system of medical ethics and science - based practice .
This is also , unfortunately , not an isolated case .
Remember the case of Gloria Thomas Sam – the little girl whose parents tortured to death with homeopathy .
These cases are just anecdotal .
I present them not as the evidence for the worthlessness of homeopathy , but rather as anecdotes that demonstrate the evidence .
The evidence is in the published literature – systematic reviews of systematic reviews show that homeopathy does not work for any indication .
When anyone with the slightest objectivity and scientific knowledge examines homeopathy they can only conclude that not only does it not work – it cannot work .
It is IBAR ( a variation of FUBAR ) – implausible beyond all reason .
Therefore prescribing homeopathy is incompetent and / or unethical .
Reliance upon homeopathy instead of conventional treatment for a serious illness is unethical to the point of criminality – akin to depraved indifference .
Homeopathy represents perhaps the greatest disconnect between the scientific community and the public and regulators .
Science has definitively spoken – homeopathy is dangerous witchcraft .
But most countries treat it as if it were real medicine .
It ’s time we got our 21st century medical system in line with 19th century science .
Image caption Cardinal Bertone is the Vatican 's number two
The Vatican has stepped up its criticism of raids by Belgian police investigating alleged child sex abuse , calling the detention of priests " serious and unbelievable " .
Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone , the Vatican Secretary of State , said " there are no precedents , not even under the old communist regimes " .
He claimed the priests were held for nine hours without eating or drinking .
Several buildings of the Belgium Church were searched on Thursday .
Bishops holding a meeting there were barred from leaving the premises for several hours .
" It was sequestration , a serious and unbelievable act , " said Cardinal Bertone .
' Astonishment '
Police in Leuven seized nearly 500 files and a computer from the offices of a Church commission investigating allegations of sex abuse .
They also searched the Church 's headquarters , the Brussels archdiocese in Mechelen , north of the Belgian capital .
Prosecutors have said the raids were over alleged " abuse of minors committed by a certain number of Church figures " .
On Friday , the Vatican voiced " astonishment " at how the raids have been carried out , saying police had drilled holes in two archbishops ' tombs .
The Vatican said the raids had led to the " violation of confidentiality of precisely those victims for whom the raids were carried out " .
The Vatican has summoned the Belgian ambassador to the Holy See to voice their anger at the incident .
The Catholic Church in Belgium has apologised for its silence on abuse cases in the past .
Mohammed Dahlan , PLC member of Fatah , speaks during a press conference after Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas delivered a speech to the nation from his headquarters in the West Bank city of Ramallah December 16 , 2006 .
( MaanImages / Fadi Arouri )
US
Today , Dahlan has become the face of one side of Fatah as violence increased between Hamas and Fatah .
In the past week he has made his way back into Palestinian Authority president Mahmoud Abbas ’ inner circle .
Last week , Hamas accused Dahlan of planning an attempted assassination of prime minister Ismail Haniya of the Hamas movement .
Haniya was returning from a Middle East tour which raised badly needed funds for Palestinians under occupation , and obtained a promise from the Syrian government to release all Palestinians in its jails , when chaos ensued .
The situation at the Egypt - Gaza border crossing was tense as it had not been open long enough for the thousands of people waiting on both sides to pass .
The Israelis closed the border when Haniya first tried to enter as he was bringing in funds , prohibited under the US - led economic and political blockade imposed after Hamas won the parliamentary elections in January .
Dahlan began a tour of Palestinian towns this week to rally support for Fatah , but it was not a spectacular success .
On December 17 , while Dahlan toured Jenin refugee camp , gunmen fired in the air over his convoy , shouting at him until he made a hasty exit .
He blamed Hamas for sparking the killing of three children in Gaza City and said that Hamas “ does not have any political program , leaving the Palestinian people in the predicament they have lived through since this government took responsibility . ”
Meanwhile the United States has accelerated its arms transfers to Fatah , via Israel .
Dahlan is now in command of the armed campaign against Hamas from presidential headquarters in Ramallah .
Dahlan was a founding member of Shabiba , the youth association of Fatah .
In 1994 , Dahlan headed the notorious Preventive Security Forces in Gaza .
He is known to have good connections with the Egyptian leadership and the US administration , through his connections with the CIA .
Dahlan built up a force of at least 20,000 men and received help from CIA officials to train them .
Jibril Rajoub , another Fatah strongman , is Dahlan ’s sworn rival .
Dahlan and Rajoub were both jailed by Israel during the first Intifada .
Under Oslo they became heads of the Preventive Security Services in Gaza and the West Bank respectively .
At that time they were both viewed as pragmatists , representative of a new generation of Palestinians who could live with Israel .
Both Dahlan and Rajoub were implicated in financial scandals and human rights violations .
Dahlan worked together with Israeli authorities to crack down on opposition groups , most notably Hamas , arresting thousands of members .
Dahlan was in command when his Preventive Security Forces arbitrary arrest hundreds of Palestinians .
The first violent clashes between his forces and demonstrators erupted on November 18 , 1994 .
The toll of at least fifteen dead and hundreds wounded raised troubling questions about his troops .
Throughout the years , Dahlan ’s forces were involved in acts of violence and intimidation against critics , journalists and members of opposition groups , primarily from Hamas , imprisoning them without formal charges for weeks or months at a time .
A number of prisoners died under suspicious circumstances during or after interrogation by Dahlan ’s forces . [ 3 ]
In 1996 , Dahlan ’s troops were involved in mass arbitrary arrests of opponents of Fatah .
In the aftermath of the February - March suicide bombings in Israel , an estimated 2,000 people were rounded up , often arbitrarily .
Most of those detained were never charged with a criminal offense or put on trial .
Torture and ill - treatment by his forces occurred regularly during interrogation and led to a number of deaths .
Dahlan frequently meets high profile members of the Israeli military establishment , including former Defense Minister and former Chief of Staff Shaul Mofaz .
( AP File photo )
In 2001 he angered the late Palestinian president Yasir Arafat by expressing his dissatisfaction over the lack of a coherent policy during the current uprising .
Dahlan resigned in June 2002 over disagreements with Arafat to reform the Palestinian Authority .
He attempted to gather support for an electoral challenge to Arafat , but stopped , when the Bush administration demanded a change in PA leadership in July of the same year .
Before his resignation from the PA in June 2002 , Dahlan was a frequent member on negotiating teams for security issues .
In March and April 2002 , Dahlan was one of the “ Gang of Five ” who lead the PA during the siege of Arafat ’s headquarters in Ramallah .
Although Arafat retained power and named Dahlan as National Security Advisor in July 2002 , Dahlan resigned three months later complaining of lack of authority and organization in the Palestinian Authority .
Against Arafat ’s wishes , Mahmoud Abbas , then serving as prime minister , appointed Dahlan as Interior Minister , but when Abbas resigned , Dahlan was left outside the newly formed cabinet .
After being left out of the new Palestinian Authority cabinet , Dahlan began gathering support from low - level Fatah officials and former Preventive Security Service officers in response to a perceived lack of democratic reforms among Fatah leaders .
In 2004 , Dahlan was the driving force behind week - long unrests in Gaza following the appointment of Yasser Arafat ’s nephew Mousa Arafat , widely accused of corruption , as head of Gaza police forces .
Some thought this appointmnt was a deliberate step to weaken Dahlan ’s position before the disengagement process in the Gaza Strip and sparked massive protests .
Dahlan returned to the political forefront and security arena this week .
He appeared in a meeting with US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice in Jericho , and meetings with the European Union ’s Javier Solana and the German Foreign Affairs Minister .
It seems that for whatever reason , world leaders think Dahlan is the right person for them to deal with .
Arjan El Fassed is a cofounder of The Electronic Intifada
Footnotes
[ 1 ] Ha’aretz , Gideon Alon ( 30 Apr 2002 )
[ 2 ] Middle East International , 520 .
[ 3 ] Annual reports of Palestinian Independent Commission for Citizens ’ Rights ( PICCR ) ; various reports from Addameer , PCHR and LAW ; Palestinian Self - Rule Areas : Human Rights under the Palestinian Authority , Human Rights Watch ( September 1997 ) ; Annual reports Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch ( 1994 , 1995 , 1996 ) .
Related Links
You 're in the right place for the very best PS4 deals and PS4
Pro deals on the web right now – these offers will get you playing your PS4 games for the cheapest prices possible , whether you 're going for the standard PlayStation 4 , the smaller PS4 Slim or the pricier PS4 Pro .
With some of the best console exclusives to its name , and support for the biggest multi-platform hits , whichever version of PS4 you settle on you know you 're getting a powerful machine and a stack of incredible games .
Also , thanks in part to the affordable PlayStation VR , we 're seeing more bundle deals and VR experiences being released than ever before .
All in all , 2020 is a great time to get stuck into gaming on Sony 's PlayStation platform , and especially because the incoming PS5 console is causing prices to plummet , both in terms of PS4 hardware and software .
For your perusal we 've got up - to - date links to all of the cheapest PS4 deals available , whether it is the console on its own or a bundle offer with a game .
The likes of Currys , AO , Walmart and of course Amazon continue to put together some really tasty PS4 bundle deals right now to stay competitive , so they 're definitely worth checking out .
As such , what follows are direct links to a selection of popular retailers , both in the UK and US , as well as the very latest prices we 've found on the original PlayStation 4 , as well as PlayStation 4 Slim and the range - topping PlayStation 4 Pro .
( Image credit : Sony )
Cheap PS4 Pro deals
PS4 Pro is the flagship console for Sony , a souped up 4 K version of the original console that also happens to have HDR on board , too .
In short , it 's awesome and offers PlayStation gamers the best fidelity gaming experience on the market today .
( Image credit : Sony )
Cheap PS4 Slim deals
In its svelte casing , the new PlayStation 4 Slim is a fast , great - looking , powerful console at a not - silly price that also happens to pack the best controller that 's been paired with a PlayStation so far .
it takes everything that made the original PS4 a winner and makes it more compact and quiet .
Cheap original PS4 deals
This model features the classic sharp - cornered chassis of the launch PS4 and is still a serious looker today .
It 's largely been usurped by the newer , smaller PS4 Slim now , however , unlike the Slim the older model has an optical audio port , which can be handy for some soundbar or Hi-Fi connections .
You might get lucky with a cheaper deal than the Slim , but generally , the newer model is cheaper now .
How To Knock Out Your Front Teeth With A Pistol Grip Shotgun
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hmt7z4Q6JaM[/youtube]
Fake ?
could be … but I ’ve seen the exact same thing happen in a split second with my own eyes .
Luckily my friend did n’t lose any teeth though , and still came away from the situation with a valuable lesson in physics .
After a few months of blissfully doing precious little hacking in our spare time , Johan and I have returned to work on the new event manager for GHC .
I spent the past few days writing a paper about the motivation , design , and internals of the new event manager , which I submitted to this year ’s Haskell Symposium at about 2 am this morning .
Independently , last week I started the work of integrating the event manager into GHC ’s runtime libraries , and Johan picked up the pace this week while I concentrated on writing the paper .
We ’ve reached the point of having the code compile , but it ’s still a few weeks from actually working .
While you wait for the fruits of our labours , please indulge in some vicarious enjoyment of the California summer :
On June 13 , 2010 , volunteers from the Washington DC area joined together to have a public remembrance of the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum attack on June 2009 and to remember the tragic murder of museum guard Stephen Tyrone Johns by white supremacist , Holocaust Denier James Von Brunn .
We also remember that there were those whose hearts were burdened by hate , who praised Von Brunn ’s terrorism , and that the struggle against white supremacism and anti-Semitism continues .
Near the end of the public remembrance of the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Musaum attack , two members of a Charlottesville , Virginia - based “ white nationalist , ” anti-Semitic group , Occidental Dissent , sought to heckle speakers at the public remembrance .
The Occidental Dissent group claims to seek “ the creation of a Jew - free , racially exclusive White ethnostate in North America . ”
The group also has a history of seeking to deny women ’s rights , and has publicly stated its goals are to infiltrate political organizations to promote “ white nationalism . ”
The visitors included the group ’s leader who calls himself the pseudonym “ Hunter Wallace ” or “ Prozium ” ( based on the movie “ Equilibrium ” ) and Mike Capatano ( who left after a moment ) .
The group ’s leader “ Hunter Wallace ” remained behind , wearing a yellow Gadsden Flag shirt .
The group leader briefly heckled Mohamed Yahya , who is a well - known leader in fighting against genocide who has been recognized by the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum .
The group has previously criticized the efforts of Mr. Yahya and others in struggling against genocide , as well as those defying racial hatred .
As shown in a video of our encounter with the visitor , Mohamed Yahya ’s response was “ I love you … if you hate me , I give you love . ”
R.E.A.L. founder Jeffrey Imm quickly reached out to the Occidental Group group leader , as one of our brothers and sisters in humanity who we must work to reach , and indicated this demonstrated an important reason why we held such a public remembrance .
The R.E.A.L. founder pointed out that we do not offer an upraised fist against white supremacism and anti-Semitism , but we offer an outstretched hand to all to choose love , not hate .
R.E.A.L.’s Jeffrey
Imm then in fact extended such an outstretched hand to the group ’s leader and urged him to choose love , not hate .
R.E.A.L. Video to White Nationalists at Holocaust Memorial Museum Attack Remembrance – Choose Love , Not Hate
A prayer was later said to call upon us all to remove the burden of hate from all of our hearts .
Choose Love , Not Hate .
Love Wins .
THE
West has some formidable missiles designed to sink warships .
Three of the most deadly are America 's Harpoon , France 's Exocet and the Swedish RBS - 15 .
These all fly close to the speed of sound for up to about 200 km ( 124 miles ) using precision - guidance systems to skim over land or water .
This makes them difficult to detect .
And even if they are spotted , the missiles can fly in unpredictable patterns , which makes it harder to shoot them down .
They then punch a warhead , weighing as much as 200 kg ( 440lbs ) , into a moving ship with devastating consequences .
Despite all this , missile defences can be effective .
Shooting at missiles with rapid - firing guns , or anti-missile missiles , can bring them down .
The incoming missile 's electronics can also be scrambled with blasts of electromagnetic radiation , such as microwaves .
And decoys can be fired to trick the missile 's homing sensors and lure it away from the vessel under attack .
But missile attacks on ships are rare , so it is difficult to know just how safe a ship really is — especially if an attacker launches a dozen or so missiles at once .
One particular anti-ship missile has become especially worrying for Western defence chiefs .
This is because it is even more fearsome than anything NATO countries and their allies now use .
The Russian - made missile is called the Club and it can carry bigger warheads farther than any anti-ship missile the West can launch .
As is the way of NATO nomenclature , the Club has been designated another name , the Sizzler .
In some configurations the Sizzler can deliver about 450 kg of explosives as far as 300 km .
It also carries out defensive manoeuvres — even curving around islands — and some lighter versions perform a unique , nasty trick : the warhead separates a few dozen kilometres away and then accelerates from almost the speed of sound to about three times as fast .
Sizzling targets
Tim Keating , an American vice - admiral , told the House Armed Services Committee early last year that America 's ability to defeat the Sizzler was uncertain , not least because the military lacked an adequate dummy stand - in for testing defensive systems against such a fast missile .
Now one is in the works .
Dan McNamara , a manager with the US Navy group developing what is called the Multi-Stage Supersonic Target , says it will help defeat the “ groundbreaking ” Sizzler .
The new missile is expected to be ready in 2014 .
The Sizzler is the leading example of a growing class of supersonic cruise missiles designed by non-Western countries .
Versions of it , and its competitors , can be launched from submarines , aircraft and vehicles .
The Yakhont , a slightly slower Russian missile that also carries a heavy warhead , has been sold to countries including Indonesia and Vietnam .
The BrahMos , a joint Indian and Russian upgrade of the Yakhont , comes even closer to matching the Sizzler 's effectiveness .
These non-Western supersonic missiles are changing defence thinking .
To begin with , uncertainty about ship “ survivability ” is increasing as missiles proliferate , says Steve Zaloga , a missile expert at Teal Group , an aerospace consultancy in Fairfax , Virginia .
China and India already have Sizzlers and countries that have indicated interest in , or bought , the Sizzler or versions of it include Algeria , Syria , the United Arab Emirates and Vietnam .
Some think Iran probably has Sizzlers too .
As a rule of thumb , to hit a well - defended modern warship a volley of more than ten subsonic missiles might be needed , according to an expert at Thales , a French defence contractor .
How much deadlier might supersonic ones be ?
Sinking a warship , especially a big one , is unlikely with a single missile , whether supersonic or not .
More probably , attackers would score a “ mission kill ” that limits a ship 's ability to fight .
In 2006 a subsonic missile fired by Lebanon 's Hizbullah militia seriously damaged an Israeli corvette more than 15 km offshore .
Four sailors were killed .
Hizbullah 's success highlights the so - called “ asymmetric ” element of anti-ship technologies : striking a warship can be far less expensive and complex than operating and defending one .
According to Rafael , an Israeli defence contractor , a ship 's protection gear often costs as much as its attack weaponry .
Missiles are now the “ poor man 's way ” of obtaining sea power , says Nathan Hughes , an analyst at STRATFOR , a consultancy in Austin , Texas .
Iran is one country gaining naval power without much in the way of sophisticated ships .
It has large numbers of anti-ship missiles which can be launched from small , fast boats or batteries hidden ashore in buildings or trucks .
Defence officials are troubled by the prospect of missiles that can be launched from civilian positions .
A product designed by Concern Morinformsystem - AGAT , the Russian company behind the Sizzler , may heighten such fears .
The firm now offers a four - missile launching package hidden inside a standard commercial shipping container .
It could be transported on a ship , train or big lorry .
Called the Club -K Container Missile System , it provides dangerous potential to rogue forces , says a Western arms - market consultant who has visited the manufacturer 's facilities in Russia .
Defensive technologies , of course , will also improve .
Sofradir , a French remote - sensing defence contractor , plans to start making a “ multichannel ” missile - detection system later this year .
( Early versions are already being tested by potential customers . )
It integrates radar , infra-red and visible - light sensors into a single unit .
Software can then better assess the quality of data from one channel by comparing it with data from the other two .
Such sensing technology should make it easier to “ lock onto ” ( and therefore shoot down ) incoming supersonic missiles , especially when they tend to gain altitude to pinpoint a target before dropping down for a final sea-skimming approach , says Philippe Bensussan , Sofradir 's chief executive .
From the deep
But there are also threats from below to deal with .
The sinking in March of a South Korean frigate provides a further example of the asymmetric nature of anti-ship weapons : the evidence suggests that it was sunk by a torpedo fired from a North Korean “ midget submarine ” small enough to hide in shallow water , where it is hard to detect using sonar .
North Korea is thought to have supplied such submarines to Iran .
Torpedoes can still be tricked , in many cases , with decoys that emit sound waves to mimic ships .
But torpedoes , like missiles , are getting smarter .
Their homing and guidance systems are improving .
Many torpedoes , once fired , can be controlled via a long optical fibre that remains attached to the submarine to increase accuracy and prevent jamming .
And some torpedoes will now circle back if they miss a target on the first pass .
At Rafael , the Israeli defence contractor ( and a maker of anti-torpedo countermeasures ) , a spokesman reckons that torpedo effectiveness has roughly doubled in the past decade , also in part because of work carried out in Russia .
Missiles are now the “ poor man 's way ” of obtaining sea power
Torpedoes rarely travel faster than 100 kph because water friction and turbulence could cause them to veer off course or suffer damage .
But now speeds can be doubled or even tripled by “ cavitating ” torpedoes .
The trick involves positioning a flat disk , smaller than a DVD , about 10 cm in front of the torpedo's nose tip .
At high speed the disc vaporises water , creating a steamy air bubble , called a cavity , which envelops the torpedo .
This dramatically reduces water drag .
Cavitating torpedoes remain rare , not least because they are problematic .
High speeds can make it hard to decipher the sonar signals used for guidance .
Propulsion is provided by a rocket engine , rather than a propeller and rudder , which makes steering difficult : some cavitating torpedoes can travel only in a straight line .
High pressures deep underwater pose further difficulties , and may have contributed to the sinking of Russia 's Kursk submarine in 2000 , killing all on board .
( It sank after an explosion during the testing of a cavitating torpedo called Shkval , or Squall . )
A German cavitating torpedo called the Barracuda is thought to be the fastest , but Russia 's Shkval is sold more widely .
As ship vulnerability increases navies are buying more submarines , especially in Asia , says Ramli Nik , Malaysia 's defence attaché to the United Nations until 2004 .
Malaysia will receive its second attack submarine by the end of the year , he says .
Other countries plan to buy or build more .
Australia expects to double its fleet of six ; Indonesia aims to expand its fleet from two to 12 and Singapore expects to double its fleet of four .
Vietnam has none but plans to have six by 2025 .
By then , China may have 70 attack submarines .
Mr Nik thinks submarines provide the best naval defence platform .
With modern remote - sensing kit , they can stealthily “ get all the details ” of warships , he adds .
Yet warship - building is far from declining .
Naval budgets , broadly speaking , are growing because of a big shift in strategy caused in part by improved missile capabilities .
Premvir Das , a former commander of India 's Eastern Naval Command , says the availability of fast , powerful and accurate cruise missiles is encouraging forces to restructure so that they are better able to conduct , or support , land warfare from the sea .
India , he says , will extend the range of its BrahMos missile “ quite substantially ” beyond its current 300 km range .
Even more exotic new weapons could be just over the horizon .
About five years ago Pentagon officials learned that Chinese engineers working on a government missile project appeared to have solved a difficult technical challenge involving manoeuvring with radar data .
According to Eric McVadon , a retired American rear - admiral , some of his fellow defence officials began “ running around with their hair on fire ” .
China was modifying a medium - range space - faring ballistic missile , the DF - 21 , so it could re-enter the atmosphere and nosedive , at about two kilometres a second , into a warship and detonate conventional explosives .
The new missile could be ready for testing by 2012 .
China 's missile might be vulnerable , some experts say , to America 's newest Aegis intercept missiles , which are launched from ships .
But a different type of countermeasure could be even more effective .
America and France are among a few countries developing powerful lasers to shoot down missiles .
As a former American battle - group commander notes , a nuclear - powered aircraft - carrier generates enough electricity to power a small city , let alone a powerful laser .
“ Literally , that 's ammunition , ” he says : “ directed energy ” which can be delivered by laser .
And no missile can travel as fast as light .
When you shop for vegetable seeds for your garden , there are two main types to choose from : modern hybrids or heirloom vegetable varieties .
Hybrid seeds are created by crossing two selected varieties , sometimes resulting in vigorous plants that yield more than heirlooms .
Heirloom vegetables are old - time varieties , open - pollinated instead of hybrid , and saved and handed down through multiple generations of families .
Usually , they cost less than hybrid seeds .
But there are more reasons than just seed prices to choose heirlooms .
Why Choose Heirloom Seeds ?
1. Exceptional taste is the No. 1 reason many gardeners cite for choosing heirloom varieties .
Crinkly - crisp cone - head cabbages from Sicily , nutty Native American squash , your grandma ’s voluptuous deep red canning tomatoes — they all immediately invoke flavorful images for those who knew them in childhood and others who have discovered them .
“ A lot of the breeding programs for modern hybrids have sacrificed taste and nutrition , ” says George DeVault , executive director of Seed Savers Exchange , the leading nonprofit organization dedicated to saving and sharing heirloom and other rare seeds .
“ The standard Florida tomato is a good example .
Instead of old - time juicy tangy tomatoes , it tastes like cardboard .
It was bred to be picked green and gas - ripened because that ’s what was needed for commercial growing and shipping . ”
Many heirloom vegetables have been saved for decades and even centuries because they are the best performers in home and market gardens .
Ship -ability was n’t a concern so flavor could take a front seat , and it did .
What direct - to - market farmer would survive if his cucumbers did n’t taste as good as his neighbor’s ?
Backyard gardeners rarely cart their produce cross - town much less cross-country .
Even today , small market farmers do n’t usually transport their harvest in huge tractor trailers .
There ’s no need to plant veggies bred to be tough when you can plant heirloom vegetables that are tender , sweet , juicy and just plain delicious .
- Advertisement -
2. Heirloom vegetables are likely to be more nutritious than newer varieties .
In addition to ship - ability , breeders and commercial growers have been steadily pushing for higher and higher yields .
“ But for home gardeners , a little difference in yield is n’t a big deal , ” DeVault says .
And even though hybrids may often outyield heirlooms , it turns out we ’re now paying a hidden cost for this emphasis on higher yields .
Recent research has revealed that in many cases , newer vegetables and grains are significantly less nutritious than heirlooms .
( For more details , see Industrial Farming is Giving Us Less Nutritious Food . )
3 . Many gardeners prefer heirloom vegetables because they are open - pollinated , which means you can save your own seed to replant from year to year .
“ Seeds saved from heirloom vegetables will produce plants that are true to type , unlike hybrid seeds .
If you try to save seed from hybrids , you usually wo n’t get good results , ” says Andrew Kaiser , manager at Baker Creek Heirloom Seeds .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Britain faces a 4 billion pound shortfall in covering the costs of nuclear decommissioning and dealing with waste over the next few years , the Guardian newspaper reported on Wednesday .
The additional costs derive from slowly rising expenditure on nuclear decommissioning and falling income due to the closure of ageing power plants , Energy and Climate Change Secretary Chris Huhne told the newspaper .
“ As you can imagine , this is a fairly existential problem .
The costs are such that my department is not so much the department of energy and climate change , as the department of nuclear legacy and bits of other things , ” Huhne said .
The comments come when all departments face a squeeze on spending as the government tries to reduce a budget deficit forecast to exceed 160 billion pounds this year .
Nuclear energy is one of the faultlines in the Conservative - Liberal Democrat coalition which took office last month .
The LibDems oppose any construction of new nuclear plants but have agreed that they will abstain in parliament on the issue rather than seek to block projects .
Huhne , a LibDem , said that in the current financial year the Nuclear Decommissioning Authority ’s budget is expected to be in balance , the Guardian reported .
However , from 2011 - 12 , the deficit rises to 850 million pounds , in 2012 - 13 the gap increases further to 950 million and then to 1.1 billion in the two subsequent years .
“ I do not think it is possible for anyone responsibly to stand aside and say we are not going to deal with it , ” Huhne was quoted as saying .
“ We just have to , but what we are effectively paying for here is decades of cheap nuclear electricity for which we have suddenly got a massive post - dated bill . ”
Many of Britain ’s ageing nuclear power plants are scheduled to shut over the next few years , with the Conservatives pushing private companies to build new ones as part of a low carbon power generation mix .
For continuous World Cup coverage , check out Mashable 's 2010 World Cup Hub , which will be updated throughout the games .
Football fanatics all over the world are eagerly anticipating the kick - off to the 2010 World Cup in South Africa .
The Internet has already started to fill up with football - themed viral videos , Twitter accounts and epic trailers .
This year ’s tournament has already been hyped as “ the first social media world cup , ” but what if you want to actually watch your favorite team compete ?
ESPN and ABC have teamed up to bring to your television — in some combination — every single football match being played .
For footy - fans who do n’t have a television , need even more coverage , or simply prefer watching sports on a laptop screen , here are some options for you to watch this year ’s World Cup .
1. Live Stream
No TV ?
ESPN3.com will be live streaming all but 10 of the 64 matches , with ESPNradio and ESPN Mobile providing coverage and stat updates for the rest .
You can access individual match streams via the sports drop - down on their website .
The best part is that ESPN3 ’s World Cup coverage is absolutely , 100 % free after a prompt to login to your Internet service provider .
The catch is that you ca n’t access the streams unless your Internet provider already pays for access ( no love for Time Warner Cable , but full access for Comcast , Verizon or Yahoo users ) .
Univision will also be live streaming every single match for free online at UnivisionFutbol.com .
In addition to matches , Univision has updated their suite of social media options with real - time game stats , commentary , player interviews and behind - the - scene exclusives .
For anyone looking to get a jump on the games , Univision offers video on match history and player profiles from World Cup legends past and present .
While the site is pretty self - explanatory , knowledge of Spanish helps .
2. Highlights , Recaps , and Post - Game
Half the fun of World Cup football is reliving the best goals , moves and moments .
There are a slew of sports sites that can dig up ongoing coverage after the match , but several stand out .
The official home of the FIFA World Cup is also home to an extensive video library constantly updated with highlights , exclusive interviews and features including a tribute to Nelson Mandela , match reactions and culture spots .
Footytube is a website dedicated to football videos — from the smallest European leagues all the way up to the World Cup .
It ’s a good place to look for previous highlights from your favorite players and more esoteric vids like an unofficial World Cup song from Germany .
Footytube features highlights from each game as well as a football video news feed .
For those unable to reach ESPN3 , their official YouTube channel has a bunch of video previews organized by team as well as commentary from sportscasters .
It ’s a little glossier and a little less in - depth than Footytube , but look for content to spike when the games officially start .
3. Watch It With Real People
Nothing ’s better than sharing that last - minute clutch goal celebration with a group of fellow fans , or having a shoulder to cry on when your team gets eliminated ( knock on wood ) .
When television or live streaming is n’t enough , check out these lists of football bars to watch the action with your country - men- and - women :
The New York Daily News offers this extensive list of hotspots around New York with " Get Ready to Fill Your Cup , " while GQ Magazine throws in its own national picks for " The Best Soccercentric Bars in America . "
Along with a slew of stats and updates , LiveSoccerTV also dedicates a whole section of its site to football pubs .
With more than 200 bars listed across America ( and more than 125 in Canada ) you ’re sure to find some place that ’s showing the game .
While Premium Listed pubs have good information like which teams the pub supports , most listings are just street addresses , so you might want to look them up before you go .
Who knew there was a U.S. Soccer Official Bar Program ?
This site is a goldmine for those supporting Team USA , featuring an interactive map of pro-USA bars across the country .
There is an application process to get on the list so you know the bars have been approved and vetted by U.S. Soccer .
New York 's Internet week ( June 7 - 14 ) also has its share of World Cup meet ups .
Celebrate the start of the games by watching USA vs. England at a sponsored World Cup Kickoff & Tweetup this Friday .
Whatever team you support , dress ( and tweet ) accordingly .
Bonus : Watch It On A Boat
If you ’ve always wanted to watch the World Cup on a boat , One Ocean Club has set up a World Cup cruise that will broadcast the matches while sailing between Cape Town , Durban and Port Elizabeth .
Other cruise lines have promised to show the games , but be careful — some of them have staked their team loyalties .
For example , Carnival ’s U.K. brands are pro-England while Thomson Cruises will also be showing Brazil and Spain .
Whatever your persuasion , be sure to check back for continuing World Cup coverage or leave your own viewing suggestions in the comments below .
For more web video coverage , follow Mashable Web Video on Twitter or become a fan on Facebook
More sports resources from Mashable :
Image courtesy of iStockphoto , monkeybusinessimages
Abilene radio's Pain motors for minorities
He rode about 2,300 miles to bring awareness to educational need , and work is not done yet .
DRAFT COVERAGE : Frozen Royalty ’s coverage of the Los Angeles Kings and the 2010 National Hockey League Entry Draft , held in Los Angeles for the first time , on June 25 - 26 , 2010 , continues with an in - depth look at their first round selection , defenseman Derek Forbort .
Check back on Monday , June 28 for a look at the rest of the Kings ’ draft picks during rounds 2 - 7 .
LOS ANGELES —
At the 2010 National Hockey League Entry Draft , it became clear early on that the Los Angeles Kings ’ draft philosophy had taken a significant detour from what had been their standard operating procedure .
The last few drafts have seen Kings President / General Manager Dean Lombardi use his picks , especially the higher round selections , to go after prospects who might be able to contribute at the NHL level sooner rather than later .
But with the 2009 - 10 Kings making the playoffs for the first time since 2002 , and with the franchise poised to take the next step towards becoming a Stanley Cup contender , the Kings now believe they can be more patient in terms of young prospects they bring into the fold , and that was evident right off the bat with first round selection Derek Forbort , a 6 - 5 , 198 - pound defenseman out of the United States Under - 18 National Team Development Program .
In order to get their hands on Forbort , the Kings sent the 19th overall pick in this year ’s draft , along with a second round pick ( 59th overall ) , also in the 2010 draft , to the Florida Panthers in exchange for the 15th overall selection .
Forbort , 18 , a native of Duluth , Minnesota , scored four goals and contributed ten assists for 14 points in 26 United States Hockey League games that his NTDP team played in .
Overall , Forbort scored five goals and added 23 assists for 28 points in 65 games .
Forbort also played in the 2010 Under - 18 World Championships , recording two assists and a +9 plus / minus rating in seven games , helping lead the United States to a gold medal .
In 56 games with the U.S. Under - 18 team , he scored five goals and added twenty assists for 25 points .
Possessing a good combination of size , strength and agility , Forbort is a good decision - maker and a good passer , but needs to work on his puck - carrying skills and grit .
Ranked ninth by the NHL Central Scouting Bureau among North American skaters , Forbort , who moved to the US NTDP after completing his senior year at Duluth East High School , was considered to be one of the most talented defensemen in the 2010 draft class .
“ Derek is a big defenseman who skates very well and has a well - rounded game , ” said Kings amateur scout Tony Gasparini .
“ In time , as he matures as a young man , physically , he is going to be a player who has the ability to eat up a lot of minutes in every area of the game . ”
“ Derek Forbort has good top - end ability at both ends [ of the ice ] . ” said Jack Barzee of the Central Scouting Bureau .
“ He ’s smart and skates so well , he ’s almost 6 - 5 and he ’s got everything there in front of him .
It ’s just a matter of filling out and getting more experience .
He ’s probably a top - two defenseman in the NHL if he reaches his potential . ”
Forbort has quite the role model that he tries to emulate in terms of his style of play .
“ I try to model my game after [ Philadelphia Flyers star defenseman ] Chris Pronger , ” Forbort noted .
“ He ’s a good , puck - moving defenseman and plays a good defensive game .
He ’s an all - around defenseman . ”
“ I ’m just a good , two - way defenseman , ” Forbort added .
“ I can play solid defense and contribute offensively . ”
Forbort said that he is not quite the physical force that Pronger is …yet .
“ I ’m definitely working on developing my physical game , ” he said .
“ Going to North Dakota will help with that , constantly being aware of playing that style . ”
Forbort was visibly excited after being selected .
“ I ’m relieved and I ’m very happy to go to the Kings , ” said Forbort .
“ It ’ll be a good fit .
It ’s definitely a good feeling .
When I saw that they [ traded up ] , I got a little excited because I had a good relationship with one of the scouts .
It was a great feeling hearing my name . ”
“ [ The anticipation while waiting to be selected ] was definitely a little hard on the stomach , but once I heard my name and saw it was the Kings , it was an unbelievable feeling , ” added Forbort .
“ When I heard my name called it was just …wow .
I just hugged my Dad because I did n’t know what to do .
It was an overwhelming feeling , but it was enjoyable . ”
Like most who wind up reaching this level of hockey , Forbort got his start in the game early in his life .
“ My Dad had a rink in the backyard and we always had big games going on , ” he said .
“ I fell in love with the game pretty early and I knew this was what I wanted to do . ”
“ Even when I was little , I always loved playing defense , ” he added .
“ I just loved being back there where you can control the game . ”
The Kings had Forbort high on their list , and by the time the mid-round picks came around , they knew that a prospect ranked in the top ten was not going to be available for much longer .
“ Dean talks about how much work goes into getting people in certain layers and we had the defenseman we took far ahead of where we picked him , ” said Kings Co-Director of Amateur Scouting Michael Futa .
“ It was kind of predictable that this was going to happen , ” Lombardi explained .
“ There was one guy left , and [ Forbort ] was one of them that was fairly high on our list that we did n’t think would get to us , but was pretty well separated from what we thought we were going to get at our pick . ”
“ It ’s hard to explain that value analysis , ” Lombardi elaborated .
“ Would you give up this and this to get this .
He clearly was a guy we had in that certain layer where we said we ’d pay this . ”
“ I tried to move up three or four picks before that .
Finally , you find [ a deal ] and the guy is still there .
He was the last one left that was in that bracket .
If he was n’t there , it would n’t have happened .
It all goes into valuing a slot .
That ’s how it ’s done . ”
The expectation is that Forbort is two or three years away from making it to the NHL level .
“ We really looked at [ Forbort ’s ] potential upside , ” said Lombardi .
“ He ’s raw in some areas .
But there ’s some things to work with when you ’ve got that size and range . ”
But , as mentioned earlier , the Kings are not worried about the fact that Forbort is more than a year away from cracking their NHL lineup .
Indeed , they can be patient with him and allow him to hone his game at the University of North Dakota , where he is committed to play in the fall .
“ With our reserve list now , you can put a kid in college and let him go , as long as he ’s in a good program you can take your time with him , ” said Lombardi .
“ We ’re not in that situation where you have to force guys in the lineup .
[ Earlier in the rebuilding process ] , you might look at a guy who can play a little sooner . ”
“ What ’s good about it is that he ’s going to a great program , ” added Lombardi .
“ He ’s clearly raw .
He ’s young .
But when you get a defenseman with that size , that range , there ’s a lot of upside .
We really like where he ’s going to be . ”
“ We had some insight with our guy in that area , Tony Gasparini , whose father [ John Gasparini ] was a legendary coach at North Dakota , so we ’re pretty well - connected there as far as the type of kids they take there . ”
Indeed , the University of North Dakota has one of the very best college hockey programs in the United States .
“ North Dakota is like USC [ in football ] , ” Lombardi stressed .
“ They get good players , the right players . ”
“ They ’re producing NHL guys every year , so they ’re obviously doing something right , ” said Forbort .
Of course , like virtually all NHL draft picks , Forbort is anxious to move forward .
“ I know there ’s a lot of excitement about the Kings as a young team , ” he said .
“ I ’m excited .
I ’m really happy with the outcome .
I want to play in the NHL .
It ’s been my dream . ”
“ Being drafted by the Kings — it ’s a great organization , ” he added .
“ I know the Kings have two really good young defensemen in [ Drew ] Doughty and [ Jack ] Johnson .
They have a good young defensive core and hopefully one day I can be a part of that .
I ’m excited to get after it . ”
Raw Audio Interviews ( unedited )
Derek Forbort – First Interview ( poor audio quality ; 6:18 )
Derek Forbort – Second Interview ( 5:07 )
Dean Lombardi ( 13:26 )
Frozen Royalty ’s Derek Forbort Coverage
Frozen Royalty by Gann Matsuda is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution - NonCommercial - NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License .
You may copy , distribute and / or transmit any story or audio content published on this site under the terms of this license , but only if proper attribution is indicated .
The full name of the author and a link back to the original article on this site are required .
Photographs , graphic images , and other content not specified are subject to additional restrictions .
Additional information is available at : Frozen Royalty – Licensing and Copyright Information .
Frozen Royalty ’s Comment Policies
Central Command chief reassures Senate on July 2011 “ withdrawal ” date
No US military exit from Afghanistan
By Barry Grey
19 June 2010
In congressional testimony this week , Gen. David Petraeus , commander of American forces in the Middle East and Central Asia , made clear that the July 2011 timeline announced last December by President Obama to begin withdrawing US troops from Afghanistan could be extended .
He further stressed that the date did not imply either a rapid drawdown of troops or an early end to the nearly 9 - year war .
On the contrary , Petraeus and other top officials , including Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Admiral Mike Mullen , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , used congressional hearings to underscore Washington ’s commitment to the indefinite military occupation of Afghanistan .
At a hearing Tuesday of the Senate Armed Services Committee , where he was pressed on Obama ’s July 2011 date both by committee Chairman Carl Levin ( Democrat from Michigan ) and the ranking Republican , John McCain ( Republican from Arizona ) , Petraeus said , “ We have to be careful with timelines .
We are assuming that we will have those kinds of conditions that will enable [ withdrawal ] by that time , in July 2011 . ”
He added that July 2011 was “ the projection . ”
Asked by Levin whether his support for the July 2011 date represented his “ best personal , professional judgment , ” Petraeus replied , “ A qualified yes . ”
He added , “ There was a nuance to what the president said that was very important , that did not imply a race for the exits , a search for the light to turn off or anything like that . ”
The US Central Command chief briefly fainted during Tuesday ’s hearing , which was then suspended for a day .
When he returned Wednesday , Petraeus read out a statement obviously intended to dampen speculation that his previous day ’s testimony reflected opposition to Obama ’s July 2011 date to begin withdrawing troops .
“ I support and agree ” with the date , he said , and then added , “ It is important that July 2011 be seen for what it is , the date when a process begins based on conditions . ”
In the course of the hearing Petraeus refused to rule out asking for additional US troops .
He said it was “ not the intention right now ” to request any new US troops , but added , “ I would never rule out coming back and asking for something more . ”
Michèle Flournoy , the undersecretary of defense for policy , sought to underscore the commitment of the administration to a long - term occupation of Afghanistan , telling the committee that Afghan President Hamid Karzai and his cabinet ministers understood the “ depth and enduring nature of the US commitment to Afghanistan . ”
Citing unnamed US officials on the July 2011 “ withdrawal ” date , the New York Times wrote on Tuesday , “ Even if some troops do begin coming home then , the officials said that it may be a small number , and that Mr. Obama could easily end his term with more forces in Afghanistan than when he began it . ”
When President Obama announced his military “ surge ” in Afghanistan in a West Point speech last December , he cynically sought to portray the dispatch of an additional 30,000 troops as the prelude to an early end to the war .
He declared that July 2011 would mark the beginning of the withdrawal of US forces .
Since then , the US has poured 20,000 troops into Afghanistan , mostly in the Pashtun - dominated south , where the Taliban originated and remains in control of most of Kandahar and Helmand provinces .
This influx has brought the US troop level to 93,000 , to rise to 105,000 by the end of the summer — more than double the US deployment when Obama took office .
The result has been a sharp rise in Afghan civilian deaths at the hands of US and NATO occupation forces as well as an explosive growth in US and NATO troop casualties .
This week ’s hearings —
Petraeus before the Senate Armed Services Committee and Gates and Mullen before the Senate Appropriations Committee — came in the midst of one of the bloodiest stretches for occupation troops since the US invasion in October 2001 .
On Tuesday , four NATO troops , two of them British , were killed in four separate attacks in the south and east of the country .
Two more NATO soldiers were killed in the south of Afghanistan on Friday .
So far this month , at least 46 NATO soldiers have been killed , including at least 23 Americans .
The death toll for US and NATO forces so far this year is more than double that of a year ago .
There are mounting signs that the military “ surge ” is foundering .
Last week , Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the commander of US and NATO forces in Afghanistan , said major military operations in Kandahar , the second largest city in Afghanistan and longtime stronghold of the Taliban , would be delayed at least until September .
The US - led offensive was supposed to begin this month .
However , as McChrystal also acknowledged , an earlier offensive against Marjah , a Taliban stronghold in Helmand province , had failed to dislodge the Taliban from the region .
The Marjah operation , which was launched in February , was intended to be a showcase for McChrystal ’s new counterinsurgency strategy and a testing ground for the far larger operation in Kandahar .
But as US officials have admitted , they face widespread popular hostility to foreign troops as well as the US puppet government of Karzai .
That hostility extends to US - trained Afghan police and troops , who are largely ethnic Tajiks and Uzbeks from the north .
Even the US establishment press not infrequently notes that in the Pashtun south , the Taliban enjoys considerable popular support , largely because it is seen as the only alternative to the Americans and their stooge regime in Kabul .
US war propaganda suffered another blow last week when aides to former cabinet members who had been sacked by Karzai told the Western press that the Afghan president no longer believed the US could defeat the insurgency and was maneuvering to cut his own deal with the Taliban and Pakistan .
The acknowledged popular opposition among the Afghan people does not in the slightest alter the full support for the war by both the Democratic and Republican parties and the media .
Nor does the growing opposition of the American people .
A Washington Post / ABC poll released last week showed 53 percent of respondents saying the war was “ not worth fighting ” — the highest percentage in three years .
The poll also found that 39 percent of the public believes the US is losing the war , only 3 percentage points less than those who think the US is winning .
The US operation around Kandahar suffered another blow on Tuesday when a massive car bomb killed Hajiji Abdul Jabar Murghani , the US - backed governor of the Arghandab district , a key location in the American military buildup just outside the city of Kandahar .
The assault on Kandahar , when it is launched , will be bloody and protracted .
In preparation for the attack , Kandahar is being carved into smaller districts and a ring of military checkpoints is being built around the city .
Following the failure of the operation in Marjah , the US is seeking to install a puppet government in the city first , before unleashing troops and Special Forces to kill anti-occupation forces in the city ’s environs and then carry out a house - to - house campaign to kill or arrest all those suspected of actively supporting the Taliban .
There are growing concerns within both the military and the political establishment over the course of the surge and the growth of domestic anti-war sentiment .
Last week , prior to a meeting of NATO defense ministers in Brussels , US Defense Secretary Gates warned that the US war effort had to show demonstrable success in rolling back the influence of the Taliban by the end of the year , or public opposition in the US and its allied countries would rise sharply .
But one unnamed “ senior military officer ” told the New York Times this week , “ If anybody thinks Kandahar will be solved this year , they are kidding themselves . ”
“ Things are not looking good , ” said Bruce O. Riedel , a former CIA operative currently at the Brookings Institution , who helped formulate the administration ’s Afghan strategy in early 2009 .
“ There ’s not much sign of the turnaround that people were hoping for . ”
Hence the growing concern inside and outside the Obama administration over the July 2011 “ deadline ” for beginning to withdraw troops .
Testifying Wednesday before the Senate Appropriations Committee , Admiral Mullen and Gates both asked Congress and the American people for “ patience . ”
They sought to put the best possible face on the military and security situation , claiming that despite setbacks , it was moving in the right direction .
Gates himself showed little patience with public criticism .
In an implicit warning to the media and Congress , he said , “ This is not something where we do ourselves any favors by tearing ourselves up by the roots every week to see if we ’re growing . ”
Last Monday , the New York Times published a front - page article hailing the supposedly recent discovery that Afghanistan is rich in valuable mineral deposits .
The article estimated the value of such resources to be $ 1 trillion or more , and noted that bidding on mining rights would begin as early as this fall .
It made clear that the US intends to use its military presence to insure that its major economic rivals , such as China , do not gain control over the deposits .
The Times article , intended to boost flagging support for the war , only demonstrates its criminal nature .
The Obama administration is escalating a filthy imperialist war of plunder and colonial occupation .
Zombies .
They love to fight stuff .
And Etsy designer Tina Seamonster loves to make shirts documenting that .
You may recall she was the one behind the awesome “ Obama punching a zombie ” shirt that was the first - ever Fashion Zombie entry .
Now she ’s combined two of the Internet ’s favorite things — narwhals and zombies — into one awesome shirt - based deathmatch , illustrated by Chuck Knigge .
As the woman herself says , “ I am pretty sure that the elusive narwhal can totally take a zombie .
Given the right conditions , like in the water , of course . ”
Ca n’t argue with that .
You can get one of these shirts , in green ( pictured ) or pink , for $ 20 from her shop .
She makes them in small batches , so they may sell out and / or not be available in your size .
Just keep checking back , she makes more from time to time .
To see the design on a model , click through the “ Read the rest of this entry ” link below .
Iâ€™m attempting to assemble an all zombie - themed wardrobe .
Fashion Zombie is my weekly post detailing the coolest zombie - themed clothes and accessories I can find .
Check back every Monday for another look at the hottest zombie apparel .
Music Publishers Keep Lashing Out At Consumer Groups ; Those Who Respect Individuals ' Rights
from the you 're - not - doing - yourselves - any - favors dept
But there is a growing enemy that does not have respect for copyright at all .
And this is a very different enemy .
When the U.S. Government Accountability Office released a study in April on the economic impact of intellectual property piracy , the Electronic Frontier Foundation , Public Knowledge , the Consumer Electronics Assn. and the Computer and Communications Industry Assn. took out a full - page ad in newspapers around Washington , D.C. " Content industry piracy claims are bogus , " the ad read .
" For years , claims of huge losses from digital piracy have been used to justify harsh restrictions on innovators and consumers . . .
They have harmed our competitiveness , hampered legitimate businesses and impeded innovation . "
Who are these four groups and why would they take out full - page ads to suggest the ridiculous -- that theft of intellectual property is n't really bad ?
The answer is , this is the new face of our enemy .
These four groups have an extremist , radical anti-copyright agenda .
They all have an economic interest in the theft of our music or paying little to nothing for it .
[ And ] they are intellectually dishonest in how they approach these fights .
I have put together a top 10 list of the positions taken by these groups that I will define as their extremist , radical anti-copyright agenda .
No .
10 : They support changing the law to reduce damages for copyright infringement .
No .
9 : They support the elimination of statutory damages for secondary copyright infringement .
No .
8 : They favor rolling back copyright extension ; in some cases , radically .
No .
7 : They favor the elimination of the songwriter and publisher rights for server , cache and buffer copies .
No .
6 : They oppose efforts to obtain the identities of individuals engaged in massive copyright infringement .
No .
5 : They support extreme versions of orphan works legislation .
No .
4 : They have filed legal briefs supporting anti-copyright positions of Grokster , Napster , LimeWire , Cablevision , Google , YouTube and Verizon .
No .
3 : They oppose graduated - response protection for copyright owners .
No .
2 : They oppose treaties that support copyright enforcement like the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement .
No .
1 : They actually argue that illegal peer - to - peer file - sharing traffic helps the economy and does n't hurt songwriters .
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
It appears that music songwriters and publishers do n't yet recognize that going on the attack against groups representing public interests and consumers ' rights is a strategy destined to backfire .
They just keep doing it , and it 's really making them look both petty and petulant , with no desire to actually understand these issues .
Instead , they just think the world owes them their business model , and anyone looking out for larger interests is , quite literally , " the enemy . "
We 've already covered ASCAP's ( long planned attack on Creative Commons , EFF and Public Knowledge .
These attacks are so distasteful that even many ASCAP supporters are upset about them .
Now , it appears that the National Association of Music Publishers is getting in on the misplaced anger .
In a recent speech , its CEO , David Israelite lashed out at these groups , and lumped CEA and CCIA into the bunch .
CEA and CCIA , of course , have both been pretty strong supporters of making sure that copyright law is not harming innovation or the economy .
These are important issues if you believe that a stronger economy is important for everyone -- including musicians and songwriters -- but it appears that Israelite and the NAMP take a very narrow , zero - sum view of the world , which is that , if the gov't is n't handing over greater and greater protectionist policies , something 's wrong -- and anyone who supports looking at the actual evidence should be shouted down as an enemy .
It 's not a position that can be supported by logic , so it 's pure emotion : Yup .
They call these groups " enemies " twice .
Very subtle there .
What 's really glaring , however , is that Israelite does n't even respond to the actual study at all .
I mean , you would think that thepresented by one of the few parts of the government that is widely respected for its objectivity in doing research , would be worth commenting on .
Nope .
He skips right over the actual evidence and blames these four groups for actually highlighting what the evidence says .
And then he claims that they 're " suggesting the ridiculous " ?
In other words , Israelite has taken such a faith - based position , that when actual evidence is presented that goes against his faith , he does n't just shoot the messenger , he shoots anyone who repeats the message .
Convincing .
Radical extremists , huh ?
Is n't that what the Canadian politicians behind the new copyright law , James Moore , just called critics of his bill ?
Sounds like the talking points on anyone actually interested in consumer rights is making the rounds , and " radical extremists " is the key phrase in trying to tar and feather anyone who suggests consumers have rights .
Oh , do tell .
This is going to be a great list , I 'm sure .
Please make sure that it's in Letterman - style countdown format too ... That 's radical extremism ?
Wow .
Of course , when the damages for copyright infringement are so far out of line with the actual harm of copyright infringement -- such that someone sharing a single album 's worth of music for non-commercial purposes can be fined $ 2 million -- it seems like it 's actually kind of a pretty good question why the damages are so high .
Even judges in these cases appear to find the damages results laughable .
When the damages are entirely out of line with actual harm , it seems perfectly reasonable to suggest they be brought more in line .
How is that radical or extremist ?
Again , how is it either radical or extremist to suggest that liability for breaking the law should fall on those who actually break the law , rather than some 3rd party with deeper pockets ?
Personally , it seems a lot more radical to blame one party just because it 's easier and they have more money , rather than those who actually break the law .
Again , I 'm at a loss as to how this is either radical or extremist .
Actual evidence ( again , the stuff Israelite would apparently prefer to avoid at all costs ) has shown the net loss to society and culture from copyright extension .
Our original copyright law lasted for , at most , 28 years .
The entireof copyright law was supposed to enrich the public domain , but we have n't had anything enter the public domain in years , and it 's unlikely we 'll see much enter the public domain in our lifetime .
seems radical .
Again , this is not at all radical .
Nor is it about " eliminating " rights .
It 's about accurately applying the law so that ridiculous results do n't emerge -- such as cases where cache or buffer copies of songs require additional royalties and licenses , when they 're clearly in transit .
It was about not outlawing technology based on how long the wire is ( i.e. , the Cablevision case , where Israelite apparently supported the blatantly ridiculous position that a DVR hosted by Cablevision is illegal , because it hosts cached versions in transit , while the DVR in your home is legal ) .
Not quite .
They oppose efforts that expose individuals ' privacy without fair and due process .
Who knew it was " radical extremism " to insist on privacy rights and due process .
These groups have no problem with exposing the identities of those who break the law when there is due process involved .
It 's hard to believe that Israelite is really suggesting that music publishers do n't believe in due process or privacy rights .
Misleading again .
Orphan works legislation is a red herring -- only brought about because of the ridiculous overreach in copyright law that wiped out the public domain .
The sort of overreach that Israelite 's group supported .
So now when these groups try to fix one of the massive problems that this overreach created , it 's dubbed " radical extremism . "
Yikes .
Misleading in the extreme .
None of those lawsuits involved " anti-copyright " positions , no matter how much the entertainment industry likes to spin these cases that way .
The first three -- Grokster , Napster and LimeWire -- were never " anti-copyright " positions , they were questions about third party liability .
Again these are just questions about who it's fair to blame : the user or the toolmaker .
The entertainment industry wants to blame the toolmakers .
Common sense says you blame the actual user .
Claiming that a debate over properly applying liability is an " anti-copyright " position is deliberately dishonest .
The Google / YouTube case is the same story .
It 's a case about liability .
Not anti-copyright .
The Cablevision case we described above .
It was about whether or not the industry could veto technology based on the length of a wire .
That 's not anti-copyright at all .
Finally , it 's pretty shocking that he includes Verizon in this list .
I 'm guessing he 's referring to the RIAA 's fight with Verizon way back when .
To suggest that Verizon is " anti-copyright " is ridiculous .
That was , yet again , a case about due process -- which I guess Israelite is admitting he does n't believe in .
This Verizon case involved the question of whether or not the RIAA could just demand Verizon hand over details of Verizon customers without a court - reviewed subpoena .
The issue covered basic due process , which had nothing , whatsoever , to do with copyright .
It 's really stunning how blatantly Israelite is basically admitting that due process is meaningless if you interfere with " his " business model .
Yes , it 's " radical extremism " to support the view heldby consumers that kicking people off the internet is punishment that does not come remotely close to fitting the " crime " of sharing , distributing and promoting music you love for free .
And , again , of course , most of the arguments against graduated - response efforts are due the clearly unconstitutional lack of due process involved : cutting people off the internet based on accusations rather than convictions is pretty radical and extremist .
Actually fighting for due process ?
Not so much .
Heh .
This one is amusing , because he conveniently ignores the serious problems with ACTA .
They 're not " opposed " to these treaties just for the hell of it , or because of some " radical extremist anti-copyright " position .
They 're opposed to it because it has all sorts of ridiculous language that will do serious harm .
But , I guess for Israelite to realize that he'd have to look at the evidence , and he 's less a fan of that than he is of supporting due process .
I 'm actually not aware of any of those four groups actually saying that , but Isay it .
What 's hurting songwriters is their inability to adapt to a changing market .
The songwriters whoadapting seem to be doing just fine .
We write about them all the time , but Israelite wo n't read this blog , I 'm sure , because it 's filled with " evidence . "
Yes , to market changes , it can " hurt " your business .
But that 's what most of us here in capitalist America think is a good thing .
Otherwise we 'd all be riding around in horse buggies .
So , sure , automobiles " hurt " the horse buggy market .
And the printing press " hurt " the monks - writing - books business .
But what happened ?
Much greater opportunities came about as a result , and the smart horse buggy makers who jumped ship to join automobile makers did just fine .
We 're seeing successful songwriters adapting all the time .
It 's just that they 're doing it without kowtowing to Israelite and NAMP .
I do n't see how any of that represents " radical extremism . "
I see plenty of attempts to falsely demonize those who believe in due process , privacy rights , consumer rights , innovation , correctly applying liability and ( * gasp * ) actual factual evidence .
But , that 's not radical extremism .
It 's called reality .
Filed Under : copyright , david israelite , music publishers
Companies : ascap , ccia , cea , creative commons , eff , namp , public knowledge
LONDON : A US cruise missile carrying cluster bombs was used in an attack in Yemen that killed 55 people , most of them civilians , Amnesty International has said .
The London - based rights group released photographs yesterday that it said showed the remains of a US - made Tomahawk missile and unexploded cluster bombs that were apparently used in the attack on December 17 on the rural community of Al - Maajala in Yemen 's southern Abyan province .
A tell - tale fragment . . .
Amnesty says it is an unexploded cluster bomblet from a Tomahawk missile .
Credit : AP / Amnesty International
'' Amnesty International is gravely concerned by evidence that cluster munitions appear to have been used in Yemen , '' said Mike Lewis , the group 's arms control researcher .
'' Cluster munitions have indiscriminate effects and unexploded bomblets threaten lives and livelihoods for years afterwards . ''
Philip Luther , deputy director of the group 's Middle East and North Africa program , said : '' A military strike of this kind against alleged militants without an attempt to detain them is at the very least unlawful . ''
Reporters Without Borders is outraged by the death of , a 28 - year - old human rights activist who is widely alleged to have been beaten to death by police in Alexandria on 6 June , and calls for an independent and transparent enquiry .
The prosecutor - general ’s decision on 16 June to order a new autopsy is a positive move but is not enough .
There are two very different versions of Said ’s death and only an independent investigation will serve to shed light on this tragedy .
“ Said probably lost his life for denouncing police corruption , ” Reporters Without Borders said .
“ Courageous bloggers and netizens often expose police abuses online although they are risking reprisals .
The authorities do not however take sufficiently firm measures to put a stop to the violence . ”
The press freedom organisation added : “ The impunity must stop .
The authorities cannot keep using the state of emergency law to block the demands for justice .
The international community must put pressure on the government in order to ensure that Said ’s presumed murderers are tried and punished without delay . ”
An Internet café owner said Said was beaten to death in the street after being arrested inside the café by two plain - clothes policemen .
According to his family and local human rights organisations , he was killed after posting a video online that showed police sharing the profits after a drug deal .
When Said ’s family filed a complaint with the prosecutor ’s office on 7 June , they found that the police had already filed a report claiming he had died from a drug overdose .
According to the police , he swallowed a small bag containing drugs as the police went to arrest him .
The police officers allegedly involved in his death are still working .
The Security Information Centre issued a statement denying that the police were in any way responsible for Said ’s death and accusing Said of being involved in illegal activities and not doing his military service .
Said has become a symbol .
Hundreds of people have demonstrated to demand an end to impunity for police brutality .
The protests are being expressed above all online because of the difficulty of demonstrating in the streets .
Photos of what is said to be Said ’s body , showing appalling injuries , have circulated widely on social networks .
The state of emergency law was extended for another two years last month , despite strong international condemnation .
It gives the police wide - ranging powers including the ability to restrict public gatherings and hold detainees indefinitely without having to charge them .
Three human rights activists – Gamal Eid of the Arabic Network for Human Rights Information ( ANHRI ) , Ahmed Seif El Islam Hamad of the Hisham Mubarak Centre and Amr Gharbeia , a blogger – are meanwhile to be tried on defamation charges on 26 June .
Reporters Without Borders regards the prosecution as judicial harassment and calls for the withdrawal of the charges .
Get connected with ntouch
At Sorenson , we push the limits of imagination to bring you innovative solutions for smooth and easy communication .
Let them eat cake — well , at least cookies , potato chips and jam .
That ’s how many here viewed Israel ’s relaxation of border restrictions to permit a variety of new items into Gaza Strip .
The list , announced Wednesday , includes soda , juice , jam , shaving cream , potato chips , cookies , candy and a variety of herbs , including coriander .
Israel ’s move impressed almost no one in this impoverished seaside territory .
Some accused Israel of tossing them a few scraps to score points with the outside world .
“ We do n’t need jam and chips , ” said Khitam Abdel Hadi , 30 , who lives in a refugee camp near Gaza City .
“ We need jobs .
We need houses .
We need the freedom to move around .
This is nothing . ”
At a small grocery store near the Rafah crossing to Egypt , a shopkeeper pointed to the boxes of cookies , chips and candy , and the cooler of fruit juices .
“ We have all these things already , ” he said .
Food items banned by Israel are routinely brought to Gaza through the network of smuggling tunnels from Egypt .
“ Israel is just trying to fix its relationship with the international community after what happened on the flotilla , ” said Gaza car - parts vendor Samar Attala , 30 .
Israel has been facing widespread condemnation over its May 31 raid of an aid flotilla that was attempting to break its naval blockade of Gaza .
Nine Turks on board were killed when activists resisted by attacking commandos with knives and iron bars .
Israeli military officials denied that the new rules were in response to criticism over the raid .
They accused Palestinians of publicizing the new rules in an attempt to embarrass Israel .
“ They are trying to connect this to the flotilla , but it ’s not , ” said one military official , speaking on condition of anonymity .
Israel insists it has been revising and relaxing its rules for the last three months , permitting limited amounts of previously banned items such as shoes , clothing and even cement , as long as an international aid group or U.N. agency promises to monitor how the cement is used .
Israel says the rules are designed to block “ luxury ” products or prevent “ dual-use ” items that might be seized by Hamas , the Islamic militant group that controls Gaza .
Israel has said it fears Hamas will use cement , for example , to build military bunkers .
But critics say Hamas gets all the cement it needs through the smuggling tunnels , and that the main victims of the restrictions are Gazans who have been unable to rebuild thousands of homes destroyed during the clash between Israel and Hamas in the last few days of 2008 and early 2009 .
Palestinian Authority spokesman Ghassan Khatib said the new policy “ shows how ridiculous the Israeli list is . ”
Gisha , an Israeli advocacy group that has been fighting to lift the Israeli restrictions , called the recent relaxation a “ pyrrhic ” victory , saying Israel continues to ban more urgently needed items , such as fabric , fishing equipment , spare parts and electronics .
But it added , “ Gisha is pleased to learn that coriander no longer presents a threat to Israeli security . ”
edmund.sanders@latimes.com
It was known long before the Obama administration took over that the MMS was rubber stamping every drilling application that came along .
So why did n't they clamp down on this from the beginning ?
Regulators at the Minerals Management Service exempted 27 additional offshore drilling projects in the Gulf of Mexico from performing an in - depth environmental analysis — even after the Deepwater Horizon oil rig exploded , according to reporting by McClatchy .
One of those exemptions went to BP .
The Deepwater Horizon rig had also been exempted from having to perform an in - depth environmental analysis using something known as a “ categorical exclusion . ”
Categorical exclusions are used to fast - track drilling plans by eliminating paperwork that is deemed to be unnecessary or redundant because the drilling would probably have no significant effect on the environment .
While the granting of an exclusion is not the final step before a company is free to drill , it does expedite the review process .
The Department of Interior has put a temporary moratorium on new permits to drill offshore .
MMS officials told McClatchy that giving a categorical exclusion is n’t the same as giving final approval to drill , and they “ could not say ” whether the exemptions would stand when the moratorium is lifted .
BP ’s massive oil spill was already in progress when MMS applied the categorical exemptions to these 27 projects in the Gulf , exempting them from having to produce site - specific environmental impact statements as required by the National Environmental Policy Act .
“ The BP rig still burning .
The oil is spilling , ” Kieran Suckling , executive director of the Center for Biological Diversity , told me .
“ And they give another categorical exclusion to BP , saying there ’s no chance of a spill .
It ’s just insane . ”
BP ’s Deepwater Horizon plans were also thought to pose minimal risk to the environment .
In its exploration plan for the rig , submitted to MMS years ago , BP said “ no significant adverse impacts are expected ” to the environment and stated that a spill was an “ unlikely event . ”
In the three weeks after the rig exploded , MMS gave BP a categorical exclusion for a plan to drill “ at a depth of more than 4,000 feet , ” according to McClatchy .
Another company , Anadarko Petroleum Corp. , was given approval for a plan to drill in more than 9,000 feet of water .
There will be plenty of blame to go around , as events leading up to the fatal rig explosion are sorted out .
Even if efforts to plug the gushing leak succeed sooner rather than later , the damage to the Gulf environment and to the economy of the region will be incalculable and will linger for years if not decades .
This is a guest post by Richard Heinberg that was previously published by the Post Carbon Institute .
Lately I ’ve been reading the excellent coverage of the Deepwater Horizon Gulf oil spill at www.TheOilDrum.com , a site frequented by veteran oil geologists and engineers .
A couple of adages from the old - timers are worth quoting : “ Cut corners all you want , but never downhole , ” and , “ There ’s fast , there ’s cheap , and there ’s right , and you get to pick two . ”
The deadly stench from oil - soaked marshes — as spring turns to hot , fetid summer — will by itself ruin tens or hundreds of thousands of lives and livelihoods .
Then there ’s the loss of the seafood industry : we ’re talking about more than the crippling of the economic backbone of the region ; anyone who ’s spent time in New Orleans ( my wife ’s family all live there ) knows that the people and culture of southern Louisiana are literally as well as figuratively composed of digested crawfish , shrimp , and speckled trout .
Given the historic political support from this part of the country for offshore drilling , and for the petroleum industry in general , this really amounts to sacrificing the faithful on the altar of oil .
But the following should be an even clearer conclusion from all that has happened , and that is still unfolding :
This is what the end of the oil age looks like .
The cheap , easy petroleum is gone ; from now on , we will pay steadily more and more for what we put in our gas tanks — more not just in dollars , but in lives and health , in a failed foreign policy that spawns foreign wars and military occupations , and in the lost integrity of the biological systems that sustain life on this planet .
The only solution is to do proactively , and sooner , what we will end up doing anyway as a result of resource depletion and economic , environmental , and military ruin : end our dependence on the stuff .
Everybody knows we must do this .
Even a recent American president ( an oil man , it should be noted ) admitted , “ America is addicted to oil . ”
Will we let this addiction destroy us , or will we overcome it ?
Good intentions are not enough .
Now is the moment for the President , other elected officials at all levels of government , and ordinary citizens to make this our central priority as a nation .
We have hard choices to make , and an enormous amount of work to do .
Cisco may be the first vendor out of the gate with a successful Android - based tablet when its Cius portable collaboration and communication device — announced today — officially launches in the first quarter of 2011 .
The Cius ( " see us , " get it ? ) , aimed squarely at business users , will integrate with Cisco 's business applications such as WebEx , and it can dock into an optional phone base to connect to a user 's corporate communications infrastructure .
The Cius is dominated by a 7 " WSVGA touchscreen , weighs 1.15 lbs , and appears to be much smaller than an iPad .
It 's also powered by a customized Android OS , though there has been no mention of what version of Android .
With the heavy focus on real - time communication , the tablet comes equipped with a 720 p HD front - facing camera for video conferencing , as well as a 5 MP rear - facing camera that can stream VGA - quality video .
For wireless networking , the device also supports 802.11a/b/g/n flavors of WiFi , 3G mobile data ( Cisco does n't specify UTMS or EV - DO ; it could be both ) , and will " at a later date " support 4G networking .
Bluetooth and Micro USB ports round out the built - in connectivity , though docking the Cius in the optional " HD audio station " adds a telephone handset , speakerphone , DisplayPort , USB ports , and gigabit Ethernet .
A removable eight - hour battery powers the device on the go .
In keeping with its business focus , the Cius includes built - in support for Cisco 's collaboration applications , including Cisco Quad , Cisco Show and Share , Cisco WebEx Connect , Cisco WebEx Meeting Center , Cisco Presence , and interoperability with Cisco TelePresence .
It can also connect to your corporate IT infrastructure remotely using Cisco AnyConnect VPN , and can be managed by IT support staff using Cisco Unified Communications Manager .
Cisco also plans to release an SDK so that Android developers can include support for Cisco's Collaboration APIs .
No pricing information is available , but Cisco plans to roll out corporate customer trials in the third quarter of this year , with wide availability beginning in the first quarter next year .
Earlier this year , a group of retired generals released a report detailing the stunning number of military recruits who were deemed too fat to serve in the U.S.
Army , singled out school lunches as a leading culprit for the trend .
Now , a new study by the National Bureau of Economic Research has labeled military obesity a " potential national security threat , " and another report by Cornell researchers details just how much the Army has ballooned in size over the past 50 years .
Here 's a quick look at how obesity may be leaving America vulnerable :
How big is too big for the Army ?
It depends on age and height , but the Army generally allows female enlistees to weigh up to 241 pounds and have 36 percent body fat ; for men , it 's a maximum 259 pounds and 30 percent body fat .
How serious is this problem ?
According to military recruiters , 48,000 would - be enlistees were rejected solely for being overweight between 2005 and 2009 , and about 12,000 soldiers leave the U.S. military prematurely each year because they can't pass the annual physical fitness test .
The NBER study , meanwhile , says that " from 2007 to 2008 , 5.7 million men and 16.5 million women of military age were over the U.S. Army 's enlistment standards for weight - for - height and body fat percentage . "
Did n't we already know this ?
While previous studies focused only on data from 2006 to 2008 , the new Cornell study " charted the climbing obesity rates using data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys spanning 1959 to 2008 , " according to The Christian Science Monitor .
Taking the long view of America 's expanding waistline , the study found that male obesity rates have more than doubled during those 49 years , and women 's obesity rates have more than tripled .
Any new ideas to solve the problem ?
The Cornell study suggests the army simply lower its standards by " [ easing ] the height / weight ratios and body fat standards , particularly for noncombat troops . "
But advocacy groups are taking matters into their own hands .
The Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine wrote a letter to Joint Chief of Staff chairman Mike Mullen , " offering free copies of its ' Vegetarian Starter Kit , ' " which " offers a three - step program to adopt a plant - based diet as well as tips on getting down to a healthy weight . "
Is America the only country worried about obese soldiers ?
No .
Recent British and German reports warned that thousands of troops were too fat to deploy to Afghanistan or , if deployed , to fight effectively ; the German report blamed the problem largely on excessive boozing .
Chinese observers are also concerned :
In March , Chinese fitness expert Yang Hua asked a parliamentary advisory board if " the younger Chinese [ would ] be able to fight the Japanese one - on - one , " should China ever wage war on Japan .
Sources : CNN , Reuters , Frum Forum , Daily Mail , Christian Science Monitor , LA Times
This article originally ran on April 21 and was updated on October 20 .
June 10 , 2010  --
Parents and nutritionists are up in arms about a line of designer toddler drinks containing mostly milk and sugar that are aimed at children as young as 1 year old .
They say the health claims of Mead Johnson 's Enfagrow Premium -- a " toddler formula " for children 12 to 36 months old -- are unproven .
The products contain more than 25 additives to boost growth , brain development and immunity for the kids , but some say the dollops of added sugar for flavoring may contribute to the childhood obesity epidemic .
The company responded to the firestorm of criticism by dropping its new chocolate - flavored product , which critics have considered the worst offender with 19 grams of sugar .
The chocolate version was discontinued after four months because of " the whole emotional evocative nature of chocolate , " said Mead Johnson spokesman Chris Perille .
" It 's more associated with candy and sweets and things potentially not as beneficial .
Flavor was more in conflict with a nutritious product . "
In a prepared statement Wednesday , Mead Johnson said there had been " some misunderstanding and mischaracterization regarding the intended consumer " of the product .
" The resulting debate has distracted attention from the overall benefits of the brand . "
But the company still intends to sell its vanilla - flavored Enfagrow , which has 16 to 17 grams of sugar overall , and three other unflavored versions with 10 to 11 grams , targeting so - called " picky eaters " who could use a nutritional supplement .
The company introduced an unflavored product , " Next Step , " in 1994 .
Later it was rebranded as Enfagrow .
Last July the company launched its vanilla flavor and chocolate was added in February , according to Perille .
Mead Johnson sells all these products as " science - based " and is marketing Enfagrow for children ages 1 to 3 , who have been weaned off breast milk or infant formula and " still need nutritional support . "
Its main ingredients are , in this order : whole milk , nonfat milk and sugar .
Product labeling indicates the formula is fortified with vitamins " for healthy growth ; " Omega - 3 DHA and iron , " building blocks of the brain ; " and prebiotics and antioxidants to " support the immune system . "
It 's not cheap : $ 18.99 for 29 ounces .
The can makes 22 servings ( one - quarter cup of powder mixed with six ounces water ) -- about 86 cents for a glass of fortified milk , sugar and flavoring .
In its advertising , the company notes that " 85 percent of brain growth " happens before age 3 .
The poster child for the advertising , a chunky toddler in red Converses , seems to echo that claim as he points to a nutritional list with a saw cutting a log over his head .
" It 's got three health claims and if somebody looks at it , they 'll think , ' Oh if I feed my child this product he will be smart , immune and grow .
My kid is a picky eater , he 'll love this , ' " said Marion Nestle , professor of food studies and public health at New York University , who has launched a campaign to get the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) to stop Mead Johnson 's health claims .
" This is a completely unnecessary product , " she said .
" It 's expensive and the first two ingredients are milk and the third is sugar .
They could just add a teaspoon of sugar to the milk and get the same thing . "
Nutritionists Worry About Sugar Drink and Diabetes
" You do n't have to train kids to like candy , " said Nestle .
" What I hear is that mothers find it hard to get kids to eat .
Of course they are n't hungry because they have been fed so much and kids get used to eating sweet things . "
Nestle also said the company 's health claims are not backed up by definitive proof .
Some research has lined DHA to visual and cognitive benefits in young infants , though long - term studies are lacking .
A recent report by the Institute of Medicine called for tighter standards on nutrition claims in light of the obesity epidemic and rising rates of type 2 diabetes among children .
Nestle , author of " What to Eat , " said that when companies add " functioning ingredients " like lutein , lycopene and beta carotene to formulas , it increases cost .
These ingredients are " about marketing , not health , " she writes on her blog , Food Politics .
Other companies have already been called to task for their health claims .
In December of 2009 , the FDA forbid manufacturer Nestle from marketing Juicy Juice with DHA to help with " brain development . "
Under federal regulations , no products can make nutrient content claims if it is marketed for children under the age of 2 .
" Her brain will triple in size by the time she 's two , " the company claimed in its marketing material .
General Mills Cheerios and Kellogg 's Rice Krispies were also warned by the FDA about false health claims in their packaging .
" I am very surprised the FDA has n't taken any action on this , " said professor Nestle .
" I do n't see any difference between juice and this or an immunity claim on a cereal box . "
ABCNews.com was unable to reach a spokesman at the FDA Enfagrow 's health claims .
Perille said the company made no " inappropriate " health claims .
He defended the vanilla - flavored Enfagrow -- " a sippy cup product " -- which has the same calorie count and nutritional profile as the chocolate version , but is lower in sugar .
Most of its 16 to 17 grams of sugar are from lactose , the natural sugar found in milk ; 4 to 5 grams are added sugar .
" It 's been on the market a year and is doing well with great testimonials , " Perille said .
" It 's positioned as a product as part of a balanced nutrition diet for toddlers , particularly beneficial when the toddler has an undiversified palate and narrow range of food and does n't always get everything they might need , " he said .
" It 's another choice or tool to potentially round out nutrition . "
When infants are ready to be weaned , sometime after 12 months old , they are ready for nutritious table food , not formula , according to nutritionists , who encourage parents to expose toddlers to a wide - range of foods .
Dr. Keith Ayoob , director of the nutrition clinic at the Rose R. Kennedy Center at Albert Einstein College of Medicine , said products like Emfagrow are fine when used therapeutically for children with special medical needs and wasting conditions who have high caloric needs .
" At times we recommend them , " he said , but warns against giving it to the " average picky eater .
" For a toddler , I would try everything else first , " said Ayoob .
Parents Do n't Like Added Sugar for Their Toddlers
Food like eggs , milk , fruits and vegetables also support the immune system , according to Ayoob .
" This is all about variety , and helping kids learn to eat and accept a variety of food .
No one food can do everything . "
If a child is not getting enough nutrition , " what are they eating instead ? " he asked .
" When they are toddlers it 's a perfect opportunity to start changing the diet .
You make a big mistake by offering a kid a new food two or three times then stopping .
It takes 10 , 12 or 15 occasions . "
Geniene Pernotto , the mother of a 3 - year - old from Youngstown , Ohio , said she worries about added sugar .
" First and foremost , with any product I look for information regarding organic ingredients , " said Pernotto , 44 , and a former marketing director for beauty companies .
" Second , I worry about sugar and fat content .
Third , I think about long - term food habits I will be forming for my child . "
Pernotto's daughter RoseMarie has grown up on fresh fruits and vegetables and is now beginning to taste new foods .
She said she would never give her Enfagrow .
" I truly believe that their tastes should evolve around the true flavor of foods , " she said .
" I have only just begun adding butter or salt to some of her vegetables .
I would n't want her to associate chocolate or vanilla with her milk or a daily drink .
I feel it sets a standard for flavor cravings . "
Pernotto has nothing against added DHAs and omega 3 , but finds them in gummy vitamins , organic miles and yogurts , rather than a " toddler formula . "
" I believe that children should receive their nutrients from real fruits and vegetables at this age , " she said ..
" There are plenty of fruits and vegetables to pick and choose among to get your child 's intake of vitamins … Believe me , she has tasted cake , candy and ice cream but it is n't in the guise of being a real food or nutrition but a special treat for an event or dessert . "
Natalya Murakhver , a 38 - year - old New Yorker who expecting a daughter in two weeks , is distressed by Mead Johnson 's marketing , especially its nutrition additives , which it has trademarked , " Triple Health Guard . "
" It sounds like a pet food product , " said Murakhver .
" And where are all the studies ?
They are just selling it to use and you can't ask babies how they feel on it and they guinea pigs really . "
Murakhver , who has a degree in food studies , worries about the lack of government oversight .
As for her expectant baby , she is learning to read labels and look for more organic foods .
" Companies are selling us products not only that we do n't need , but we should be avoiding at all costs , " Murakhver said .
" They are steering us toward processed food manufactured in labs , rather than whole food grown as close to nature as possible .
It 's appalling they try to sell these products to toddlers .
" I can't image starting 12 - month - old in a sugared formula , " she said .
" It seems so anti-nature . "
E3 Expo 2010 was more noteworthy this year than in the memorable past , with the push toward motion - sensitive controllers and devices in full swing .
Kinect for the Microsoft XBOX and Move for the Sony PS3 absolutely wowed the attendees ( as well as made any eager participant look spastic ) and 3D gaming definitely showed strong promise .
And as always , there was bevy of hot girls promoting various brands , games and accessories .
The booth babes and promo models got into the full swing of the gaming vibe with plenty of roll - playing .
There was no shortage of fantasy characters and superheroes represented .
Check out the photos after the jump for a little glimpse into the world that was E3 Expo 2010 .
Now is the very last minute to apply for a Summer 2010 Visiting Fellowship .
If you ’ve been interested in SIAI for a while , but have n’t quite managed to make contact -- or if you ’re just looking for a good way to spend a week or more of your summer -- drop us a line .
See what an SIAI summer might do for you and the world .
( SIAI ’s Visiting Fellow program brings volunteers to SIAI for anywhere from a week to three months , to learn , teach , and collaborate .
Flights and room and board are covered .
We ’ve been rolling since June of 2009 , with good success . )
Apply because :
SIAI is tackling the world ’s most important task -- the task of shaping the Singularity .
The task of averting human extinction .
We are n’t the only people tackling this , but the total set is frighteningly small .
When numbers are this small , it ’s actually plausible that you can tip the balance .
SIAI has some amazing people to learn from -- many report learning and growing more here than in any other period of their lives .
SIAI also has major gaps , and much that desperately needs doing but that we have n’t noticed yet , or have noticed but have n’t managed to fix -- gaps where your own skills , talents , and energy can come into play .
Apply especially if :
You have start - up experience or are otherwise an instigator : someone who can walk into an unstructured environment and create useful projects for yourself and others ;
You ’re skilled at creating community ; you have an open heart ; you can learn rapidly , and create contexts for others to learn ; you have a serious interest in pioneering more effective ways of thinking ;
You care about existential risk , and are searching for long - term career paths that might help ;
You have high analytic intelligence , a tendency to win math competitions , or background and thinking skill around AI , probability , anthropics , simulation scenarios , rationality , existential risk , and related topics ; ( math , compsci , physics , or analytic philosophy background is also a plus )
You have a specific background that is likely to prove helpful : academic research experience ; teaching or writing skill ; strong personal productivity ; programming fluency ; a cognitive profile that differs from the usual LW mold ; or strong talent of some other sort , in an area we need , that we may not have realized we need .
( You do n’t need all of the above ; some is fine . )
Do n’t be intimidated -- SIAI contains most of the smartest people I ’ve ever met , but we ’re also a very open community .
Err on the side of sending in an application ; then , at least we ’ll know each other .
( Applications for fall and beyond are also welcome ; we ’re taking Fellows on a rolling basis . )
If you ’d like a better idea of what SIAI is , and what we ’re aimed at , check out :
1. SIAI 's Brief Introduction ;
2. The Challenge projects ;
3 . Our 2009 accomplishments ;
4. Videos from past Singularity Summits ( the 2010 Summit will happen during this summer ’s program , Aug 14 - 15 in SF ; visiting Fellows will assist ) ;
5. Comments from our last Call for Visiting Fellows ; and / or
6. Bios of the 2009 Summer Fellows .
Or just drop me a line .
Our application process is informal -- just send me an email at anna at singinst dot org with : ( 1 ) a resume / c.v. or similar information ; and ( 2 ) a few sentences on why you ’re applying .
And we ’ll figure out where to go from there .
Looking forward to hearing from you .
Figure 2 : A computer rendition of the design in Escher 's print Circle Limit I .
The center of an orthogonal circular arc is external to the disk and is called its pole .
The locus of all poles of arcs through a point in the disk is a line called the polar of that point [ Goodman - Strauss ] .
The external dots in Figure 1 are the poles of the larger arcs , and the external line segments connecting them are parts of polars of the points of intersection of those arcs .
The external web of poles and polar segments is sometimes called the scaffolding for the tessellation .
The fact that the polars are lines can be used to speed up the straightedge and compass construction of triangle tessellations .
For example , given two points in the disk , the center of the orthogonal arc through them is the intersection of their polars .
Coxeter explained the basics of these techniques in his return letter to Escher [ Roosevelt ] , although by that time Escher had figured out most of this , as evidenced by Circle Limit I. Like Escher , mathematicians have traditionally drawn triangle tessellations in the Poincaré disk model using straightedge and compass techniques , occasionally showing the scaffolding .
This technique was something of a geometric " folk art " until the recent paper by Chaim Goodman - Strauss [ Goodman - Strauss ] , in which the construction methods were finally written down .
For positive integers p and q , with 1 / p + 1/q < 1/2 , there exist tessellations of the hyperbolic plane by right triangles with acute angles pi/p and pi/q .
A regular p-sided polygon , or p- gon , can be formed from the 2 p triangles about each p-fold rotation point in the tessellation .
These p-gons form the regular tessellation {p , q} by p-sided polygons with q of them meeting at each vertex .
Figure 3 below shows the tessellation { 6,4} ( with a central group of fish on top of it ) .
As can be seen , Escher essentially used the { 6,4} tessellation in Circle Limit I .
Goodman - Strauss constructs the tessellation {p , q} in two steps .
The first step is to construct the central p-gon .
To do this , he starts by constructing a regular Euclidean p-sided polygon P with center O that forms the outer edges of the scaffolding .
Then he constructs the hyperbolic right triangle with a vertex angle of pi/p at O and its hypotenuse along a radius of P from O to one of the vertices A of P .
The side of the right triangle through O is part of a perpendicular bisector of an edge of P containing A .
The vertices of the entire central p-gon can then be constructed by successive ( Euclidean ) reflections across the radii and perpendicular bisectors of edges of P .
The second step is to construct all the other p-gons of the tessellation .
This could be done by first inverting all the vertices in the circular arcs that form the sides of the central p- gon , forming new p-gons , and then inverting vertices in the sides of the new p-gons iteratively as many times as desired .
But Goodman - Strauss describes a more efficient alternative method using facts about the geometry of circles .
Our First Method
Moreover , I wanted the replication algorithm to build the pattern outward evenly in " layers " , so that there would be no jagged edges .
At that time , my colleague Joe Gallian had some undergraduate research students who were working on finding Hamiltonian paths in the Cayley graphs of finite groups [ Gallian ] .
I thought that their techniques could also be applied to the infinite symmetry groups of Escher 's Circle Limit designs .
This turned out to be the case , although we found the desired paths in two steps .
The first step involved finding a Hamiltonian path in the Cayley graph of symmetry group of the tessellation {p , q} .
This was done by David Witte , one of Gallian 's research students .
John Lindgren , a University of Minnesota Duluth student , implemented the computer algorithm , with me translating Witte 's path into pseudo - FORTRAN [ Dunham1 ] .
The Cayley graph of a group G with a set of generators S is defined as follows : the vertices are just the elements of G , and there is an edge from x to y if y = sx for some s in S .
Technically , this defines a directed graph , but in our constructions , the inverse of every element of S will also be in S , so for simplicity , we may assume that our Cayley graphs are undirected .
As an example , the symmetry group of the tessellation {p , q} is denoted [ p , q ] .
That symmetry group is the same as that of the tessellation by right triangles with angles pi/p and pi/q .
The standard set of generators for the group [ p , q ] is { P , Q , R} , where P , Q , and R are reflections across the triangle sides opposite the angles pi/p , pi/q , and pi/2 , respectively , in one such triangle .
There can be one - way or two - way Hamiltonian paths in the Cayley graphs of symmetry groups of hyperbolic patterns [ Dunham3 ] .
However , one - way paths are sufficient for our algorithms , so in this article " Hamiltonian path " will always denote a one - way Hamiltonian path .
There is a useful visual representation for the Cayley graphs of the groups [ p , q ] , and thus for their Hamiltonian paths .
A fundamental region for the tessellation {p , q} is a triangle that when acted on by the symmetry group [ p , q ] has that tessellation as its orbit .
This fundamental region can be taken to be a right triangle lying on the horizontal diameter to the right of center , with its pi/p vertex at the center of the disk .
This triangle is labeled by the identity of [ p , q ] .
Each triangle of the tessellation is then labeled by the group element that transforms the fundamental region to that triangle .
Thus each triangle represents a group element .
To represent an edge in the Cayley graph , we draw a line segment connecting the centers of any two triangles sharing a side .
Thus , there are three line segments out of each triangle , each representing the reflection across one side .
It is no secret that , in general , i.e. outside of dedicated science reporting venues and the occasional medical report on the evening news , the scientific community does a craptastic job of communicating with the general public .
While I think we at Nobel Intent do it admirably , we are but an infinitesimal sliver in the pie of science .
A report that appeared in a recent edition of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences highlights a case study of effective science communication and deconstructs it to show what parts may be generally applicable to other areas of science .
" More effective communication is badly needed at almost every level of science , " said Kirsten Grorud - Colvert , a research associate in the Department of Zoology at Oregon State University .
" It does n't have to be expensive , but we have to get out of the ivory tower , away from our scientific jargon and work more closely with our various audiences . "
The PNAS reports looks at how the ocean science community made the case for the creation of marine sanctuaries and highlights a handful of key approaches that were kept in mind during the process .
The basic principles behind these approaches should be effective for any form of scientific communication .
Keys to communication
Know your audience .
A key point , and the first one highlighted by the authors .
Different audiences require communicators to focus on different details and target different levels of understanding .
Any successful communication effort will need to identify the various target groups and their level of background first , then tailor the message to them .
Being able to communicate in a manner that is accessible to all of the target audience is key to ensuring that they get the main message .
Identify a few " main messages . "
Any scientific research effort can be presented extremely broadly , or conveyed with a focus on the details that may be important , but not central to the public understanding of the work .
These main messages should be what my dissertation advisers called " parts of your elevator talk " — you should be able to describe your work and why it is important to a stranger during an elevator trip .
You should identify the problem , tell the audience why it matters to them , and describe what actions are needed and what benefits would be derived from such actions .
One size / strategy / vector does not fit all .
The PNAS report highlights the need for different delivery mechanisms targeted to various groups , or even to ensure that a single group gets the information they need .
The authors suggest the use of printed materials , websites , and small group discussions as ways of helping to get your message across .
Learn from your experience .
The final point was that science communicators should make an effort to track how successfully they are conveying what they are trying to get across .
Clearly , success may not be easily defined , but the paper 's authors look upon it either as accomplishing a singular goal ( if that was the purpose ) or simply increasing the level of knowledge and understanding of a topic among the target audience .
It should also be noted that these four points do not exist in a vacuum .
They are synergistic ( if you ’ll excuse the execuspeak in an NI article ) , and all of them have to come together for successfully communicating complex scientific issues .
Previous research into effective science communications has identified a few broad categories of responses to scientific communications campaigns : a positive , affective response from the audience , interest in getting involved in the process , changing or confirming of scientific opinions , or the simple — yet important — response of understanding the scientific process and content at hand .
The authors of the PNAS paper suggest that , before the communication starts , you have to choose which response is your goal .
Your desired response will depend on who your target audience is , and will affect how you will deliver the message .
If you are working with school - aged children , then the key responses you hope for are for them to have fun while learning about a scientific topic .
This could potentially be handled through a hands - on interactive demonstration or lab , or through a simple Web portal or flash game that illustrates the ideas .
If your target audience is composed of policy makers in local government , however , then the response classes you want to elicit would include understanding the process , but would also include getting them involved and informing them of the relevant scientific consensus or findings .
The method of going about this would be entirely different from the one you ’d use for children , even if you wish to get the same idea across .
More detailed ( but jargon - lite ) reports and perhaps pamphlets highlighting key talking points would be more appropriate vectors .
As with pretty much any real - world project , the adage " you can have it fast , cheap , or correct ; pick two " exists here as well .
Unless you are blessed with unlimited funding , your message must be limited in scope .
While it is nice to want to target everyone from school - aged children to other researchers active in the field , this is n't always feasible .
This is where skilled communicators must put the keys described above into practice and narrow down what is most important .
Since one size does not fit all , it pays to identify who you need to target the most and tailor your message to them .
Case Study : Marine Reserves off the California Coast
The case study described in the paper involved the formation of marine reserves off the coast of California , which served as a proving ground of successful science communication .
In this effort , there was a solid goal in mind throughout the process : the creation of a marine reserve in the Channel Islands and along the California coast .
In order to convince people that this was the right thing to do , the scientists pushing for it had to communicate with an audience from a wide range of backgrounds with an equally wide range of ideas already in mind .
The audience consisted of , among others , resource users , local and national interest groups , communities , land and resource managers , political leaders , and the general public .
Each of these groups was comprised of people with differing levels of knowledge about the oceans , and nearly as many preconceived opinions and desired outcomes as there were people .
It was up to the scientists involved to present their findings in a completely impartial manner even as they dealt with an atmosphere that was already politicized .
To accomplish the task , marine ecologists who are conducting research in the preserve areas teamed up with science communication specialists to produce a booklet and film titled " The Science of Marine Reserves . "
In addition , a website " Protect Planet Ocean " was created to inform people about the diversity of the ocean 's ecosystems and its importance .
The site explained how the creation of marine reserves and marine protected areas are a benefit both to humanity and the ecosystems within .
Since the start of the program , over 10,000 copies of the booklet have been sent to more than 57 countries , and the website has seen over 600,000 unique visitors from 220 countries since its launch in 2008 .
Despite the public interest , actually setting aside the reserves remains a work in progress , in part because of all of the interested parties involved .
There have been way too many RIP posts these days , and I hate to have to contribute to the grim tally , but it is with a heavy heart that I must report that Tim & Eric Awesome Show Great Job staple Richard Dunn ( aka Pep Pep ) passed away this morning at 7:14 am after suffering a stroke .
Pep Pep was unconditionally adored by thousands of loyal fans and he always made sure to try and reciprocate that adoration .
Always smiling , Pep Pep was always willing to pose for pictures with fans and often times took pictures of himself with the various bits of fan art he'd receive in the mail .
Most often seen on the show in his trademark sweater , thick - rimmed glasses , and comb over , Pep Pep was just as much a staple of the show as Tim Heidecker and Eric Wareheim .
One never got the impression when seeing him on the show that he was playing a character ; it always looked and felt like Richard Dunn was just playing Richard Dunn .
He was an asset to the show and to the people who loved him .
A memorial site will be up and running soon , so keep your eyes on Tim and Eric 's individual Twitter feeds for updates .
RIPPP ( Rest in Peace Pep Pep )
videos below ...
Emma Watson joins co-stars at the Wizarding World of Harry Potter at Universal Orlando Resort in Florida
Emma Watson took some time away from her studies to enjoy a behind - closed - doors tour of the muc- hyped Wizarding World Of Harry Potter at the Orlando Resort in Florida .
The 20 - year - old actress , who plays Hermione Granger in the films , was joined by some of her co-stars , including Robbie Coltrane ( Hagrid ) , Matthew Lewis ( Neville Longbottom ) and Oliver and James Phelps ( Weasley twins Fred and George ) .
Dressed in a short blue summer dress , Emma , who is currently studying at Brown University in Rhode Island , was given a tour around the $ 200 m stunning attraction ahead of its official opening in June .
Magical : Emma Watson receives her a wand at the iconic Ollivanders wand shop , while visiting The Wizarding World of Harry Potter at Universal Orlando Resort today
Stars of the Harry Potter films including Robbie Coltrane , Matthew Lewis , Emma Watson , and Oliver and James Phelps get a sneak peek tour of the theme park ahead of the official opening on June 18th
MailOnline was invited to join the tour too , which started off by entering the village of Hosmeade before moving on to some the iconic locations made famous by the popular movie series .
This included the Hogwarts castle itself , to the Three Broomsticks pub , the family run Weasley Wizard Wheezes joke shop and Honey Duke 's sweet shop .
' I 've basically built a film set , ' Alan Gilmore , the brain behind the aesthetics of the park and Art Director on several of the films , told MailOnline .
' I believe you could film scenes here if you wanted . '
Watson as Hermione Granger alongside Daniel Racliffe who plays the title role in the movies
Set over 20 - acres , rides at theme park include Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey , which will take guests through scenes and rooms from the blockbuster movies with the turreted building made to look 700 feet tall .
Pottermaniacs - paying £ 50 for a ticket - will enter the ' Wizarding World ' through a station archway named after Hogsmeade , the magical village near Hogwarts .
A plume of steam and a train whistle will sound the arrival of the Hogwarts Express .
The roof at Hogwarts stays snowy all year round despite the Orlando heat
Other rides include the ' Dragon Challenge , ' a twin high - speed roller coaster themed after the ' Triwizard Tournament ' .
There is also be a family roller coaster called ' Flight of the Hippogriff , ' named after a creature with an eagle 's head and a horse 's body .
Every shop and restaurant is Potter - themed .
Honeydukes sells chocolate frogs and Bertie Bott 's Every - Flavour Beans , Ollivander 's peddles magic wands , Zonko's joke shop has Sneakoscopes , and the Three Broomsticks pours Butterbeer .
While wandering the corridors of Hogwarts castle on their way to experience Harry Potter And The Forbidden Journey , guests will pass through Dumbledore 's office
Nangiarkoothu is a traditional art form of Kerala with its history dated back to 1500 years featuring a solo actress ( nangiar ) who narrates the story by Mudras ( hand gestures ) , facial expressions and body movements to the accompaniment of the mizhavu ( big copper drum ) .
19.129686 72.815331
Alabama Rep. Jo Bonner ( R ) becomes the second member of the House to call for Rep. Joe Barton to step down as Ranking Member of the House Energy and Commerce Committee .
As you might expect , Bonner ’s got the 1st District which covers the state ’s Gulf Coast .
Bipartisan criticism of the Justice Department is soaring on Capitol Hill as the executive branch has repeatedly balked at answering congressional requests for information , according to lawmakers and aides .
According to documents obtained by The Hill and more than a dozen interviews with Democratic and Republican members and staffers , the Department of Justice ( DoJ ) is rebuffing Congress and its investigative arm , the Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) .
ADVERTISEMENT
In a statement to The Hill , a spokeswoman for the DoJ said that the department makes every effort to respond to lawmakers in a timely and thorough manner .
We regularly provide briefings on topics upon request as well as send written replies to members of Congress based on individual inquiries . ”
Congressional Democrats privately acknowledge that DoJ has not been as forthright as they would like , and letters signed by Capitol Hill Democrats to the department indicate their frustration .
However , House and Senate Democrats say they are close to receiving data they sought months ago on various topics , expressing hope that DoJ will work more cooperatively with them .
But Republican claims of DoJ ’s “ stonewalling ” have them questioning whether Attorney General Eric Holder Eric Himpton Holder The Hill 's Campaign Report : Biden on Trump : ' He 'll leave ' l GOP laywers brush off Trump 's election remarks l Obama 's endorsements Obama endorses Warnock in crowded Georgia Senate race The Hill 's Campaign Report : Trump 's rally risk | Biden ramps up legal team | Biden hits Trump over climate policy MORE is living up to the pledge of responsiveness and transparency he made during his Senate confirmation hearing nearly 18 months ago .
Sen. Chuck Grassley Charles ( Chuck ) Ernest GrassleyThe Hill's Morning Report -
Fight night : Trump , Biden hurl insults in nasty debate GOP seeks to redirect criticism over Trump tax returns Grassley says disclosing Trump 's tax records without authorization could violate law MORE ( R - Iowa ) has expressed concern that since 2009 , the DoJ has refused to hand over information to the GAO on personnel vacancy trends within the FBI ’s counterterrorism division .
At a standstill , the GAO , acting on a bipartisan request from Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy Patrick Joseph LeahyComey defends FBI Russia probe from GOP criticism Bipartisan representatives demand answers on expired surveillance programs Democrats shoot down talk of expanding Supreme Court MORE ( D - Vt. ) and Grassley , wrote to the DoJ three weeks ago in an attempt to resolve the issue .
In the letter , the GAO referred to the DoJ ’s continuous denial of information as “ a systemic problem . ”
The DoJ , citing legal statutes , refused to deliver the data .
“ This is n’t a partisan plea ; both Republicans and Democrats are looking for answers from the administration , and it ’s time for a response , ” Grassley told The Hill .
While another co-signer of the initial GAO study request , House Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime , Terrorism and Homeland Security Chairman Robert “ Bobby ” Scott ( D - Va. ) , urged patience in getting the information , he also said that if they did n’t get it soon , members may have to approach Holder about it directly .
“ If it ’s not resolved soon then we ’ll have to have some additional conversations , ” Scott said in an interview .
“ But we expect it to be worked out on a staff level so that it does n’t have to get escalated .
We ’re going to get what we need . ”
Meanwhile , the ranking member of the House Judiciary Committee , Rep. Lamar Smith ( R - Texas ) , outlined three issues to The Hill where he says the DoJ has refused to cooperate with his attempts at congressional oversight : the closure of the Guantánamo Bay military prison , allegations of criminal misconduct by the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now ( ACORN ) and the DoJ ’s dismissal of the voter intimidation case , United States v. New Black Panther Party .
“ Rather than making good on his promises [ of ] openness and transparency , President [ Barack ]
Obama and his administration officials appear committed to a standard of secrecy and stonewalling of Congress , ” Smith said .
“ All this silence , stonewalling and secrecy begs the question — what is the administration trying to hide ? ”
But House Judiciary Committee Chairman John Conyers Jr. ( D - Mich . ) said that the DoJ has been so forthcoming with requested information that he has stopped having regular lunches at the department ’s headquarters with Holder .
“ I ’ve known Eric Holder for years .
I do n’t have any problems with him at all , ” Conyers said .
“ We stopped having lunches , because the access is really not a problem . ”
Rep. Frank Wolf Frank Rudolph WolfBottom line Africa 's gathering storm DOJ opinion will help protect kids from dangers of online gambling MORE ( R - Va. ) , ranking member of the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce , Justice , and Science , which has jurisdiction over the DoJ ’s budget , disagrees .
Wolf has written to Holder six times about the DoJ ’s dismissal of the New Black Panther Party case .
He says he received only one response from DoJ and that it was “ woefully incomplete and , in places , inaccurate . ”
“ I think Holder is really creating a tremendous problem for the administration , ” Wolf said .
“ Both political parties ca n’t get information from them . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
However , a DoJ source said DoJ has responded to every letter Wolf has sent on the dismissal of the New Black Panther Party case .
Exasperated by unanswered questions from DoJ and the Pentagon , the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee subpoenaed the Obama administration earlier this year for records on the Fort Hood shooting .
Lawmakers say that DoJ ’s reluctance to provide information to Congress has plagued administrations controlled by both parties .
At Holder ’s confirmation hearing in 2009 , Grassley — speaking of previous administrations — said that “ agencies are all too often untimely in responding to Congress and in the worst cases , totally unresponsive . ”
But Rep. Louie Gohmert Louis ( Louie ) Buller GohmertHouse in near - unanimous vote affirms peaceful transfer of power House rebuffs GOP lawmaker 's effort to remove references to Democrats in Capitol Rep.
Dan Meuser tests positive for COVID - 19 MORE ( R - Texas ) , the ranking member of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime , Terrorism and Homeland Security , said the DoJ has gotten less transparent under Holder .
“ It ’s always been a problem , no matter Republican or Democratic DoJ , they want to play cards close to the vest , it ’s the nature of the beast , ” Gohmert said .
“ But it does seem to have gotten worse . ”
The DoJ spokeswoman stated , “ As part of the department ’s commitment to oversight and transparency , we strive to provide prompt and complete responses to requests from Congress consistent with our litigation , law enforcement and national security obligations . ”
Gohmert signed on to the initial bipartisan letter in 2008 asking the GAO to study personnel vacancies within the FBI ’s counterterrorism division .
At the time , the division was operating with only 62 percent of its funded staff , which hampered the FBI ’s “ most important mission ” and prevented the agency from developing a staff of experienced counterterrorism experts , according to the letter signed by Sens. Leahy and Grassley and Reps. Conyers , Smith and Scott .
In letters to the GAO , the DoJ says it is not required to provide the GAO with vacancy rate information , citing a 1988 opinion issued by DoJ ’s Office of Legal Counsel , which it says grants Congress — not the GAO — access to intelligence - related information , even personnel and human capital data .
But in a missive to the GAO , Sens. Grassley and Richard Shelby ( R - Ala . ) wrote that this legal interpretation is wrong and has n’t been employed in previous GAO requests for information .
The continued delays and refusals of information come more than seven months after The Hill first reported that the unmet congressional requests were impeding the oversight duties of members , namely through blocking GAO ’s access to certain data .
A spokesman for the GAO said it has had trouble getting information from some government agencies .
He declined to comment on any specific instances of denials because the GAO is in the process of updating a report of access problems for two senators .
“ Generally speaking , we have very good cooperation overall but there are instances where we have specific problems , ” said Chuck Young , the GAO spokesman .
According to a DoJ official , the department has replied to all 30 of GAO ’s information requests over the past year , handing over nearly 3,200 pages of documents , with only minor redactions on matters pertaining to intelligence .
Additionally , the FBI provided about 20 of its officials for GAO interviews on eight separate occasions , the source said .
" I 've become more ambitious with my ideas , " said Chris .
" At first it was interesting just to have a chipmunk in the same photo as an action figure , but I suppose that gets a bit stale .
So I 've been trying to get pictures where the chipmunk is more interactive with the setting , rather than just sitting there stuffing its face with almonds . "
Chris is unanimous in his choice of favourite new chipmunk and Star Wars photo .
" I love Fix My Hyperdrive ! " said Chris
Credit : CHRIS MCVEIGH / BARCROFT MEDIA
Asked if he condoned the comments , he replied : “ Hell no .
I did not think that Tara needed these so - called ‘ white knights ’ trying to defend her like that .
She was perfectly able to stand up perfectly well and she did .
By the way , you should enable Javascript if you want to vote or comment on graphs .
( Firefox + Noscript users : whitelist coincidenceithinknot.com )
PROTIP : Once you ’re done looking for funny pairs here , check out the “ Popular ” page .
Is this a coincidence ?
About
The belief that correlation implies causation is a compelling one .
It can drive you to believe that ‘ they ’ are watching your every move , that nightlights cause myopia , or that the thunderbolts are hurled by a bearded senior citizen atop Mount Olympus .
And sometimes it ’s just funny .
Each of the two graphs you see is randomly selected from a selection of about twenty , and occasionally they look eerily similar .
When this happens , it obviously means that there is some sort of connection between them .
It would of course work better if the system used some sort of algorithm to return pairs that fit better or are more likely to be funny .
This is n’t there now because Rob is not a clever man ( rather like this dude ) .
The idea for this website was stolen from the Redditors Unidan and hypno_beam , as a result of this comment .
This story is also available via the medium of badly - drawn vector art .
Submit your own graph
Can you think of a graph that we ’re missing ?
If so , send it in !
You can use the convenient form below or e-mail it to coincidenceithinknot [ at ] gmail.com .
GLEN ROCK , N.J. 
In a class full of aspiring engineers , the big bad wolf had to do more than just huff and puff to blow down the three little pigs ’ house .
To start , he needed to get past a voice - activated security gate , find a hidden door and negotiate a few other traps in a house that a pair of kindergartners here imagined for the pigs  and then pieced together from index cards , paper cups , wood sticks and pipe cleaners .
“ Excellent engineering , ” their teacher , Mary Morrow , told them one day early this month .
All 300 students at Clara E. Coleman Elementary School are learning the A B C’s of engineering this year , even those who cannot yet spell e - n - g - i - n - e - e - r - i - n - g .
The high - performing Glen Rock school district , about 22 miles northwest of Manhattan , now teaches 10 to 15 hours of engineering each year to every student in kindergarten through fifth grade , as part of a $ 100,000 redesign of the science curriculum .
Spurred by growing concerns that American students lack the skills to compete in a global economy , school districts nationwide are packing engineering lessons into already crowded schedules for even the youngest students , giving priority to a subject that was once left to after - school robotics clubs and summer camps , or else waited until college .
We were intrigued last Friday when we read word over at Above the Law that the law school at Southern Methodist University -- called the SMU Dedman School of Law -- has cranked up a program in which it will pay employers that either give SMU students summer internships or opportunities that might lead to full - time employment .
Over at ATL , Elie Mystal was less than impressed by SMU 's effort , calling " Test Drive , " the program that applies to recent graduates , a " shameless attempt to game the U.S. News rankings . "
Mystal acknowledged , ...
CAIRO Ã¢â‚¬â€ 
Two police officers were jailed on Wednesday for four days pending an investigation into the death of a 28 - year - old man reportedly killed after they beat him to death , a security official said .
“ The prosecutor in ( the northern city of Alexandria ) has ordered the detention for four days of Mahmud Salah Amin and Awad Ismail Suleiman , pending an investigation into the circumstances of the death of Khaled Said , ” the official told AFP .
ADVERTISEMENT
The two are accused of “ excessive use of force ” but are not facing murder charges .
Two autopsies ordered by Egypt ’s state prosecutor concluded that Khaled Said had died of asphyxiation after swallowing a bag of marijuana when he saw the police officers approaching on June 6 .
According to witnesses , Said was killed when plainclothes policemen dragged him out of an Internet cafe and beat him to death on a busy Alexandria street .
Rights groups have rejected the official account , and Said has since become a symbol for rights activists against police brutality , for which Egypt has been criticised at home and abroad .
Graphic pictures of a bruised and battered Said had appeared on social networking websites , sparking public outcry and condemnation from local and international rights groups .
ADVERTISEMENT
His death sparked several protests in Cairo and Alexandria .
The Associated Press adds , “ The charge sheet filed by the Alexandria prosecutor accused the two officers , Warrant Officer Mahmoud Salah and Sgt. Awad Ismail Suleiman , of ‘ illegal arrest , using physical torture and brutality . ' ”
Lawyer Mohammed Abdel - Aziz of the Al - Nadim center for victims of torture said Wednesday that each charge carries a maximum prison sentence of one year or a 200 pound ( $ 36 ) fine , but that was not enough .
He said the killing was planned in advance , and the police officers should be charged with more serious crimes .
Said ’s brother , Ahmad , agreed .
“ We insist that they ( police ) killed him , and we demand that the two policemen be charged with premeditated killing , ” he told The Associated Press in a telephone interview from Alexandria .
George Washington Carver ( January 1 , 1864 –January 5 , 1943 ) was an agricultural chemist who discovered 300 uses for peanuts as well as hundreds of uses for soybeans , pecans , and sweet potatoes .
His work provided a much needed boost to southern farmers who benefited economically from his recipes and improvements to adhesives , axle grease , bleach , buttermilk , chili sauce , fuel briquettes , ink , instant coffee , linoleum , mayonnaise , meat tenderizer , metal polish , paper , plastic , pavement , shaving cream , shoe polish , synthetic rubber , talcum powder , and wood stain .
Fast Facts : George Washington Carver Known For :
Agricultural chemist who discovered 300 uses for peanuts as well as hundreds of uses for other crops
: Agricultural chemist who discovered 300 uses for peanuts as well as hundreds of uses for other crops Also Known As : The Plant Doctor , The Peanut Man
: The Plant Doctor , The Peanut Man Born : January 1 , 1864 in Diamond , Missouri
: January 1 , 1864 in Diamond , Missouri Parents : Giles and Mary Carver
: Giles and Mary Carver Died : January 5 , 1943 in Tuskegee , Alabama
: January 5 , 1943 in Tuskegee , Alabama Education : Iowa State University ( BA , 1894 ; MS , 1896 )
: Iowa State University ( BA , 1894 ; MS , 1896 ) Published Works :
Carver published 44 agricultural bulletins laying out his findings while at the Tuskegee Institute , as well as numerous articles in peanut industry journals and a syndicated newspaper column , " Professor Carver 's Advice . "
: Carver published 44 agricultural bulletins laying out his findings while at the Tuskegee Institute , as well as numerous articles in peanut industry journals and a syndicated newspaper column , " Professor Carver 's Advice . "
Awards and Honors : The George Washington Carver Monument was established in 1943 west of Diamond , Missouri on the plantation where Carver was born .
Carver appeared on U.S. commemorative postal stamps in 1948 and 1998 , as well as a commemorative half dollar coin minted between 1951 and 1954 , and many schools bear his name , as well as two United States military vessels .
: The George Washington Carver Monument was established in 1943 west of Diamond , Missouri on the plantation where Carver was born .
Carver appeared on U.S. commemorative postal stamps in 1948 and 1998 , as well as a commemorative half dollar coin minted between 1951 and 1954 , and many schools bear his name , as well as two United States military vessels .
Notable Quote : " No books ever go into my laboratory .
The thing I am to do and the way are revealed to me the moment I am inspired to create something new .
Without God to draw aside the curtain , I would be helpless .
Only alone can I draw close enough to God to discover His secrets . "
Early Life
Carver was born on Jan. 1 , 1864 near Diamond Grove , Missouri on the farm of Moses Carver .
He was born into difficult and changing times near the end of the Civil War .
The infant Carver and his mother were kidnapped by Confederate night - raiders and possibly sent away to Arkansas .
George Washington Carver is depicted as a young boy at the George Washington Carver National Monument , located near his birthplace in Missouri .
National Park Service / public domain
Moses found and reclaimed Carver after the war , but his mother had disappeared forever .
The identity of Carver 's father remains unknown , although he believed his father was an enslaved man from a neighboring farm .
Moses and his wife reared Carver and his brother as their own children .
It was on the Moses ' farm that Carver first fell in love with nature and collected in earnest all manner of rocks and plants , earning him the nickname " The Plant Doctor . "
Education
Carver began his formal education at the age of 12 , which required him to leave the home of his adopted parents .
Schools were segregated by race at that time and schools for Black students were n't available near Carver 's home .
He moved to Newton County in southwest Missouri , where he worked as a farmhand and studied in a one - room schoolhouse .
He went on to attend Minneapolis High School in Kansas .
College entrance was also a struggle because of racial barriers .
At the age of 30 , Carver gained acceptance to Simpson College in Indianola , Iowa , where he was the first Black student .
Carver studied piano and art but the college did not offer science classes .
Intent on a science career , he later transferred to Iowa Agricultural College ( now Iowa State University ) in 1891 , where he gained a Bachelor of Science degree in 1894 and a Master of Science degree in bacterial botany and agriculture in 1896 .
George Washington Carver as a student of Iowa State College .
Special Collections and University Archives / Iowa State University Library / public domain
Carver became a member of the faculty of the Iowa State College of Agriculture and Mechanics ( he was the first Black faculty member at the Iowa college ) , where he taught classes about soil conservation and chemurgy .
Tuskegee Institute
In 1897 , Booker T. Washington , founder of the Tuskegee Normal and Industrial Institute for Negroes , convinced Carver to come south and serve as the school 's director of agriculture , where he remained until his death in 1943 .
At Tuskegee , Carver developed his crop rotation method , which revolutionized southern agriculture .
He educated farmers on methods to alternate the soil - depleting cotton crops with soil - enriching crops such as peanuts , peas , soybeans , sweet potato , and pecans .
George Washington Carver in his element at Tuskegee Institute in 1906 .
Library of Congress / public domain
America 's economy was heavily dependent upon agriculture during this era , making Carver 's achievements very significant .
Decades of growing only cotton and tobacco had depleted the southern region of the United States .
The economy of the farming South had also been devastated during the Civil War years and by the fact that the cotton and tobacco plantations could no longer use the stolen labor of enslaved people .
Carver convinced southern farmers to follow his suggestions and helped the region to recover .
Carver also worked at developing industrial applications from agricultural crops .
During World War I , he found a way to replace the textile dyes formerly imported from Europe .
He produced dyes of 500 different shades and was responsible for the invention of a process for producing paints and stains from soybeans .
For that , he received three separate patents .
Later Years and Death
After finding fame , Carver toured the nation to promote his findings as well as the importance of agriculture and science in general for the rest of his life .
He also wrote a syndicated newspaper column , " Professor Carver 's Advice , " explaining his inventions and other agricultural topics .
In 1940 , Carver donated his life savings to establish the Carver Research Foundation at Tuskegee for continuing research in agriculture .
Dr. Carver in his lab at Tuskegee in 1938 .
National Archives / public domain
Carver died on Jan. 5 , 1943 , at the age of 78 after falling down the stairs at his home .
He was buried next to Booker T. Washington on the Tuskegee Institute grounds .
Legacy
Carver was widely recognized for his achievements and contributions .
He was given an honorary doctorate from Simpson College , named an honorary member of the Royal Society of Arts in London , England , and received the Spingarn Medal given every year by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People .
In 1939 , he received the Roosevelt medal for restoring southern agriculture .
On July 14 , 1943 , The George Washington Carver Monument was established west of Diamond , Missouri , on the plantation where Carver was born and lived as a child .
President Franklin Roosevelt provided $ 30,000 for the 210 - acre complex , which includes a statue of Carver as well as a nature trail , museum , and cemetery .
Additionally , Carver appeared on U.S. commemorative postal stamps in 1948 and 1998 , as well as a commemorative half dollar coin minted between 1951 and 1954 .
Many schools bear his name , as do two United States military vessels .
Students study at a newly - opened George Washington Carver High School in Montgomery Alabama in 1949 .
Margaret Bourke - White / The LIFE Picture Collection / Getty Images
Carver did not patent or profit from most of his products .
He freely gave his discoveries to mankind .
His work transformed the South from being a one - crop land of cotton to a region of multi-crop farmlands , with farmers having hundreds of profitable uses for their new crops .
Perhaps the best summary of his legacy is the epitaph that appears on his gravesite : " He could have added fortune to fame , but caring for neither , he found happiness and honor in being helpful to the world . "
Recruiting new members into private torrent trackers via IRC interviews and invite applications has become quite popular in the past couple of years .
In fact there are sites out there which never had an open signup but relied on these methods to build their entire user bases .
This article lists 25 private torrent trackers that give away invites on their IRC channels or currently have open online invite applications .
The list includes all sorts of sites including those which focus on music , television shows , audiobooks , science fiction and fantasy content , business eBooks , DVD and Blu Ray movies , PC / Console games , software , anime , etc . Around 10 of the torrent sites featured in the post are powered by Gazelle codebase , the new generation torrent tracker script pioneered by What.cd .
Either way open signups are no longer the only way into a private tracker – if you want to become a member of any of these sites , you can now either apply online or visit their IRC channel to get invited for free .
As always , it ’s highly recommended that you read the Full Review ( linked - to beneath the description of each entry ) of a torrent site before you attempt to pursue invites .
The review should tell you exactly what sort of content is available on a particular tracker and you ’ll be able to deduce whether you really need that site or not .
Additionally , the full review usually contains screenshots and tracker specific instructions on invite request process .
When requesting an invite IRC channels , always follow the instructions given in channel topic .
Keep in mind that you might have to idle on channels for some time if staff are not available to start the interview .
Time zone differences , the number of invite requests , etc can affect staff availability and when they are n’t around it ’s important that you wait patiently without spamming the channels .
KillaWaves ( KWS )
Site Name : KillaWaves ( http://killawaves.org/)
Invite Channel URL : irc://irc.killawaves.org/Invites
Stats : 3700 + torrents
Description : KillaWaves ( better known as KWS ) is a Gazelle based private BitTorrent tracker that specializes in Drum and Bass ( DnB ) , Oldskool , Jungle , Ambient , Techno , Garage and Dubstep music .
Full Review : [ Click Here ]
ScienceHD ( SciHD )
Site Name : ScienceHD ( http://sciencehd.info)
Invite Application URL : http://sciencehd.info/applications.php
Stats : 2200 + users and 4600 + torrents
Description : ScienceHD is an excellent gazelle based private tracker for Science Fiction TV & documentary torrents .
“ Mad scientists await your arrival ” :p
Full Review : [ Click Here ]
Merlin ( ML )
Site Name : Merlin or ML
Invite Channel URL : irc://irc.pron.org.uk/merlins-invites
Stats : 900 + Torrents
Description : Merlin ( or ML ) is a relatively new private torrent site that indexes movies , TV shows and music that belong to Science Fiction / Fantasy genres .
ML is a project by the veteran crew behind ACiD .
Full Review : [ Click Here ]
The Vault
: The Vault ( http://thevault.bz : 18000 + torrents :
The Vault is a private tracker that focuses primarily on money making ( both online and offline ) and business .
Niche private tracker with some very rare content .
ShareTheRemote ( STR )
Site Name : Share The Remote ( http://sharetheremote.org/)
Invite Channel URL : irc://irc.sharetheremote.org/invite
Stats : 4800 + torrents and 7300 users
Description : ShareTheRemote is a new Gazelle based TV torrent tracker indexing episodes from over 1000 different television shows .
Full Review : [ Click Here ]
BTN
Site Name : BTN
Invite Channel URL : irc://irc.omgwtfhax.net/BTN-Invites
Stats : ~5000 users and 12750 + torrents
Description : BTN is without a doubt one of the best new private trackers to be launched in 2009 / 2010 period .
This feature rich TV tracker has everything ; good content , fast pre times and excellent download speeds .
Read the full review for more information .
Full Review : [ Click Here ]
torrentsRmine ( tRm )
Site Name : torrentsRmine ( http://www.torrentsrmine.org)
Invite Channel URL : irc://irc.torrentsrmine.org/torrentsrmine ?
Stats : 580 members and 1150 + torrents
Description : torrentsRmine is a private tracker for TV talk shows , crime / drama / lifestyle series and documentaries .
tRm is a niche TV tracker and indexes content sometimes not even found on leading sites such as BitMeTV or TVT.com .
All torrents on free leech until 31 December 2010 .
Full review +
More Information : [ Click Here ]
Save The Coratee ( STC )
: Save The Coratee ( http://savethecoratee.org : 3600 + users and ~4900 torrents : Save The Coratee ( STC ) is a must have tracker for all Apple Mac , iPhone or iPod users .
This ratio free private tracker indexes software , games , tutorial videos and even books and magazines for both Mac OS and iPhone .
Based on Gazelle codebase .
The Occult
Site Name : The Occult ( http://theoccult.bz)
Invite Channel URL : irc://irc.thevault.bz:6667/theoccult-support
Invite Application URL : http://theoccult.bz/app.php
Stats : 1250 + torrents
Description : The Occult has some of the most unusual & uncommon torrent categories ever seen on a private tracker ( Mythology , Scientology , Drugs , Shamanism , Astrology to name a few ) .
It specializes in torrents related to various cults , ways of living , religions , healing and so on .
Full Review : [ Click Here ]
ACiD ( AL )
Site Name : ACiD
Invite Channel URL : irc://irc.pron.org.uk/acid-invites
Stats : 19000 users and 8000 + torrents
Description : ACiD is a closed private tracker for General / 0 day releases .
This community based site has been online for more than 4 years .
Indexes scene + non scene content and releases unique to this tracker .
Full review +
More Information : [ Click Here ]
Sparvar
Site Name : Sparvar ( http://www.sparvar.org)
Invite Application URL : http://www.sparvar.org/invitationform.php
Translated Version of Invite Application : http://bit.ly/JKJ93
Description : Sparvar is an excellent untouched DVDR and Blu Ray torrent tracker that saw phenomenal growth in 2009 .
While the site is pretty good , getting in could be difficult specially for users who are new to private trackers .
Full review +
More Information : [ Click Here ]
BrokenStones
Site Name : BrokenStones ( http://brokenstones.me/)
Invites Site : http://bswillyouinvite.me/
Description : Brokenstones is probably the most popular specialized Mac tracker .
Definitely a must have site if you own an Apple product .
Stats : 5000 + users
Tracker Specific Instructions : Yes .
Refer to this article .
AnimeBytes ( AB )
: AnimeBytes ( http://animebyt.es : 3500 + users and ~ 8800 torrents : AnimeBytes is a specialized anime torrent tracker .
Runs of a customized version of Gazelle codebase and has some really nice site features in addition to the decently sized torrent index .
TorrentTech
Site Name : TorrentTech ( http://www.torrentech.org/)
Type : TorrentTech is a huge electronic music tracker with lots of torrents and active members .
If you are an EDM fan , check this out .
Stats : 3500 + members
IRC Channel : http://irc.torrentech.org/
( requires java )
Tracker Specific Instructions : No .
But reading the TT rules is strongly recommended .
It may take a long time to actually get invited .
What .CD
Site Name : What .CD ( http://what.cd)
Type :
Do we really need to say anything more ?
Pretty much everyone knows what this is .
What .CD is the largest private music torrent tracker out there .
Invites IRC Channel : irc://irc.what.cd:6667/what.cd-invites
Tracker Specific Instructions :
Yes and if you try to get an invite without reading these first , there is a high likelihood of failure .
CoExist ( CE )
Site Name : CoExist ( http://coexist.biz)
Invite Channel URL : irc://irc.coexist.biz/ce.invites
Stats : 8200 + torrents and 2000 + users
Description : CoExist is a ratio free music torrent with English music albums .
Runs on a heavily customized TBDEV codebase with lots of add - ons .
Full review +
More Information : [ Click Here ]
My Anonamouse
Site Name : My Anonamouse ( http://www.myanonamouse.net)
Invite Application URL : http://www.myanonamouse.net/inviteapp.php
Stats : 33000 + users and ~37000 torrents
Description : My Anonamouse is simply one of the best online resources to download audio books .
Apart from the tons of AudioBooks , there are quite a few E - books indexed as well .
Friendly staff and nice community in addition to great content makes this an excellent private tracker .
Full review +
More Information : [ Click Here ]
Jambands .Fm
Site Name : Jambands ( http://jambands.fm)
Invite request Email : invites [ at ] jambands [ dot ] fm ( Read this for more information )
Description : Jambands is a new torrent site that focuses on media related to live music and concerts .
Runs on Gazelle codebase .
Full review +
More Information : [ Click Here ]
PackMe. In ( PiN )
Site Name : Packme.in ( https://packme.in)
Invite Application URL : https://packme.in/inviteapp.php
Stats : 1175 + packs
Description : Packme .
In is a ratio free packs only torrent tracker .
You wo n’t find any individual releases here but if packs is what you are looking for , this is the place to go .
Full Review : [ Click Here ]
Wild - Bytes ( WB )
Site Name : WIld Bytes ( http://www.wild-bytes.net)
Invite Application URL : http://www.wild-bytes.net/userapp.php
Description : Wild Bytes is another veteran General / 0 Day torrent tracker that ’s been around for many years .
Full Review : [ Click Here ] – this review is very old ( 2008 )
FreeTheScene ( FTS )
Site Name : Free The Scene ( http://freethescene.net)
Invite Channel URL : irc://irc.freethescene.net/fts-invite
Stats : 3300 + torrents and 3600 + members
Description : FreeTheScene is a General / 0 Day torrent tracker based on Gazelle codebase .
This site recently went ratio free .
Full Review : [ Click Here ]
ChronicTracker ( CT )
Site Name : ChronicTracker ( http://www.chronictracker.com)
Invite Channel URL : irc://irc.chronictracker.com/CT.Support
Description : ChronicTracker is a long standing private tracker for general content .
Full Review : [ Click Here ]
PTFiles
Site Name : PTFiles ( http://ptfiles.net)
Invite Channel URL : http://ptfiles.net/inviteapp/
Description : PTFiles , which is a reincarnation of now defunct Phoenix - Torrent , is a General / 0 day torrent tracker indexing scene and non scene content .
Full Review : [ Click Here ]
bitGAMER ( BG )
Site Name : bitGamer ( http://www.bitgamer.com)
Invite Channel URL : irc://irc.underground-gamer.com/bginvites
Description : bitGAMER is a dedicated games torrent tracker that tracks games for multiple platforms .
Currently running on TBDEV codebase but will soon migrate to gazelle .
Full Review : [ Click Here ]
Underground Gamer ( UG )
Site Name : Underground Gamer ( http://www.underground-gamer.com)
Invite Channel URL : irc://irc.underground-gamer.com/invites
Description : bitGAMER ’s sister site .
Unlike BG , underground Gamer focuses more on retro games – there ’s a good collection of them on this tracker .
Includes ROMs & emulation related stuff as well . .
We have in the past posted several similar lists of trackers that give away invites via IRC .
However this is an updated post which only includes sites that are currently live and have open invites .
Several new trackers have been added , older , inactive ones removed and statistics , invite channel URLs and IRC info have also been updated over the previous articles .
Torrent sites that did not wish to be publicly named were not included in the article .
If you know any other sites that engage in IRC / invite applications recruitment , feel free to share the info in comments .
A NSW Coalition government would set up a $ 5 billion infrastructure fund to pay for big transport projects and extend stamp duty exemptions for older people , Opposition Leader Barry O'Farrell says .
In his budget reply speech today , Mr O'Farrell pledged the fund , to be called Restart NSW , would be used to build major projects across the state .
The fund would be created from an estimated $ 1.2 billion to be reaped from a 25 - year lease on the state 's desalination plant , windfall revenues , as well as borrowing and government bond issuance , he added .
Spending priorities would be determined by Infrastructure NSW , a new body flagged by Mr O'Farrell this year .
" Through our proposal of Restart NSW we 'll rapidly move to build or upgrade infrastructure including public transport , road infrastructure ... economic infrastructure to address the economic competitiveness of NSW ... hospitals and health infrastructure , and improvements to workplaces for frontline workers , " he told State Parliament .
Debbie Rochon grew up in British Columbia , Canada .
She was a child of the streets and victim of much abuse until she accidentally ended up in a featured extra role in Paramount 's Ladies and Gentlemen , the Fabulous Stains ( 1982 ) !
The event changed her life , and she saved enough money to move to New York City and study acting .
After many years ...
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) -
The S&P 500 fell for the fourth straight day on Thursday as fresh signs of consumer weakness and worries about stringent financial regulation provoked investors to unload positions .
A trader walks on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange , June 21 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Brendan McDermid
The S&P 500 has lost 3.8 percent in four days , with retailers among the biggest decliners a day after discouraging outlooks from Bed Bath & Beyond BBBY.O and athletic apparel maker Nike Inc NKE.N .
Nike shares were down 4 percent at $ 69.95 while Bed Bath & Beyond slumped 5.7 percent to $ 39.07 .
The S&P Retail index .RLX slid 2.8 percent .
“ People ’s general focus is on how fragile the recovery is , and recent data points are giving fodder to the double - dip camp , ” said Mark Luschini , chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia .
Banks were pressured by fears Congress would pass stringent rules in an overhaul of financial regulations .
Lawmakers were on the verge of adopting a bill that could restrict banks ’ trading and investment activities , crimping their profits .
JPMorgan Chase & Co JPM.N fell 2.2 percent to $ 38.03 while Bank of America Corp BAC.N was off 2.7 percent at $ 15.02 .
The KBW Bank index .
BKX lost 2.2 percent .
“ We do n’t know how oppressive the rules could be , and the market hates that uncertainty . ” said Rob Stein , managing partner at Astor Asset Management in Chicago .
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI dropped 145.64 points , or 1.41 percent , to 10,152.80 .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX fell 18.35 points , or 1.68 percent , to 1,073.70 .
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 36.81 points , or 1.63 percent , to 2,217.42 .
A drop in initial jobless claims and a rise in a gauge of long - lasting manufactured goods failed to offset recent weak economic data , and the Federal Reserve on Wednesday gave a subdued assessment about the economy ’s recovery .
Chipmakers as measured by the Philadelphia semiconductor index .
SOXX were off 2.9 percent .
Six semiconductor companies , including Micron Technology Inc MU.O have agreed to pay $ 173 million to settle U.S. antitrust lawsuits accusing them of conspiring to keep computer chip prices artificially high .
Micron shares fell 2 percent to $ 9.62 .
Computer maker Dell Inc DELL.O fell 6.4 percent to $ 12.93 .
The company said it was focused on improving profitability and diversifying , but investors expressed doubts about the company 's turnaround plan .
Oracle Corp ORCL.O rose 3.9 percent to $ 23.08 in extended trading on Thursday after it reported adjusted fourth - quarter earnings that beat expectations .
U.S. - listed shares of BlackBerry maker Research in Motion Ltd RIM .
TORIMM .O fell 4.7 percent to $ 55.80 after the closing bell as shipments and subscriber growth fell short of expectations in the first quarter .
The S&P Energy index .
GSPE fell 2 percent while U.S. - listed shares of BP Plc BP.N dropped 3.1 percent to $ 28.74 and hit a 52 - week low in intraday trading .
In bearish technical signs , the S&P fell below its 14 - day moving average and breached the 1,083 level , a key retracement of the slide from its 2010 high in April to the year ’s low on May 25 .
Some expected stocks to rebound after a few days in which the market fell on higher volume , a sign of institutional selling known as distribution days .
“ Usually in good markets , with a few good distribution days you get a strong reversal , and we ’re not seeing it , ” said Steven Wolf , managing director of investments at Source Capital Group in Westport , Connecticut .
“ It ’s almost like the market has started to give up . ”
Pfizer Inc PFE.N fell 2.8 percent to $ 14.46 after it suspended clinical trials of its experimental arthritis drug .
On the upside , Hasbro Inc HAS.N gained 4.9 percent to $ 43.14 after a news report that the toy company was in negotiations for a possible leveraged buyout , a report the company denied .
About 8.65 billion shares traded on the New York Stock Exchange , the American Stock Exchange and Nasdaq , well below last year ’s estimated daily average of 9.65 billion .
Declining stocks outnumbered advancing ones on both the NYSE and Nasdaq by a ratio of more than 3 to 1 .
Advertisements
Since we last checked on the viewership totals for Glenn Beck ’s Fox News show viewers have continued to flee his program .
Last Friday , Beck hit a new all time low of 1.743 million viewers .
The new twist of Beck ’s plummet is that he is now being beaten in the ratings by such Fox News heavyweights as Bret Baier and Greta Van Susteren .
Even Shep Smith beat him once .
Previously I discussed a pattern in Beck ’s weekly ratings .
He tends to start out strong on Monday , but he loses viewers every day of the week afterwards , but a new trend is also emerging .
Each Monday , Beck is either losing viewers , or maintaining the previous low .
According to Neilson Media Research , on Monday , May 17 , Beck pulled in 2.208 million viewers .
On the following Monday , May 24 , Beck had 2.096 million viewers .
( May 31 was Memorial Day so it is n’t counted ) .
On Monday , June 7 , Beck has 1.976 million viewers , and this past Monday , June 14 , Beck has his second lowest day of 2.079 million viewers .
Advertisements
As Media Matters ’ Eric Boehlert pointed out , “ How soft were last week ’s numbers ?
On only one of the five weekdays , June 9 , did Glenn Beck draw more than 2 million viewers .
In other words , for most of 2010 it ’s been unusual for Glenn Beck to fall below the 2 million - viewer mark .
It had only happened a handful of times all year .
But last week , it happened on Monday , Tuesday , Thursday , and Friday . ”
Just how bad have things gotten for Beck in terms of total viewers ?
On June 11 , Beck ’s show was defeated by Bret Baier , Bill O’Reilly , Sean Hannity , and Greta Van Susteren in the ratings .
The only Fox News show he beat was Shep Smith’s .
Things got even worse for Beck on Tuesday June 15 as his program drew the fewest number of viewers of anybody in evening / primetime .
Shep Smith got his revenge by outdrawing Beck , 1.857 to 1.808 .
In a desperate attempt to lure back viewers Beck has been pushing his show even more to the right , but this only appears to result in more viewers leaving .
Glenn Beck is quickly becoming the weak link in the Fox News lineup .
The network still has to discount ads for Beck ’s program , and is losing money when advertisers moved their ads to other FNC shows because according to BNET , “ While advertisers ’ money may have moved elsewhere on the network , it is unlikely that Fox is seeing higher prices on other shows as former Beck advertisers increase demand for alternate times . ”
Beck is decreasing advertising revenue at the network because he is taking ad space away from other shows , while generating virtually no revenue for Fox News with his own program .
The network could live with this as long Beck was still pulling in viewers , but without big ratings , Beck is a liability on the bottom line , whose ratings have slipped so far that even if his replacement was an average FNC program , the network would make more money .
The writing is on the wall and it clear that Glenn Beck has no idea how to recapture the viewers who have moved away from his program .
Roused by a single drop of blood on the bedsheet , Rosie Daniels wakes from fourteen years of a nightmare marriage and suddenly takes flight .
She uses her husband 's ATM card to buy a bus ticket , determined to lose herself in a place where Norman wo n't find her .
She 'll worry about all the rest later .
Alone in a strange city , she begins to make a new life , and good things start to happen .
Meeting Billl Steiner is one ; and finding a junk - shop painting is another .
lt ma be bad art but it 's perfect for her new apartment - and somehow , it seems to want her as much as she wants it .
But escape was not as easy as fleeing to a new city , picking a new name , finding a new job , lucking out with a new man .
Her husband , Norman , was a cop , with a cop 's training , a cop 's technology , a cop 's bloodhound instincts .
And even worse , Norman was - well , Norman .
Rose knew she had been married to a savage brute .
Now she realized she was being tracked down by a terrifying monster - but the only place she found to hide could be the most dangerous of all ...
Rose - maddended and on the rampage , Norman Daniels becomes a force of relentless terror and savageness , a man almost mythic in his monstrosity .
For Rosie to survive , for her to have a chance in her brave new world , she must enter her own myth - a world that lies beyond the surface of a work of art - and become a woman she never knew she could be : Rose Madder .
A CONFUSED GROUP OF MISLED PEOPLE ….
A new New York Times / CBS
News poll was released last night , taking a closer look at those who identify with the so - called Tea Party “ movement . ”
The results confirm much of what we already know — this is a confused contingent of conservative white people older than 45 — but there were a few interesting tidbits .
Tea Partiers are obviously not part of the American mainstream .
Its activists are to the right of the Republican Party , they have favorable opinions of George W. Bush , and rely heavily on Fox News .
They do n’t like health care reform , worry about government spending , and think the government does too much to address the problems of the African - American community .
For all the recent talk about Dems and independents connecting with the right - wing movement , Tea Partiers “ usually or almost always vote Republican . ”
And for all the hullabaloo about the groups ’ rallies , only 4 % of the general public has “ given money or attended a Tea Party event , or both . ”
But the kicker is the predictable limits of the extreme ideology .
[ I ] n follow - up interviews , Tea Party supporters said they did not want to cut Medicare or Social Security — the biggest domestic programs , suggesting instead a focus on “ waste . ”
Some defended being on Social Security while fighting big government by saying that since they had paid into the system , they deserved the benefits .
Others could not explain the contradiction .
“ That ’s a conundrum , is n’t it ? ” asked Jodine White , 62 , of Rocklin , Calif .
“ I do n’t know what to say .
Maybe I do n’t want smaller government .
I guess I want smaller government and my Social Security . ”
She added , “ I did n’t look at it from the perspective of losing things I need .
I think I ’ve changed my mind . ”
The point , of course , is not to pick on one confused person who sounded foolish when put on the spot .
The point is Jodine White of Rocklin , Calif. , is fairly representative of the larger movement .
If you were to make a Venn Diagram of the issues Tea Party members care about , and the issues Tea Party members are confused about , you ’d only see one circle .
These folks claim to be motivated by concerns over taxes , but Tea Partiers tend not to know anything about the subject .
They claim to be angry about the Affordable Care Act , but they do n’t know what ’s in it .
They claim to hate expensive government programs , except for all the expensive government programs that benefit them and their families .
It ’s inherently challenging to create a lasting , successful political movement predicated on literally nothing more than ignorance and rage .
In the case of Tea Partiers , we ’re talking about a reasonably large group of people who seem to revel in their own ignorance , but nevertheless seek an active role in the process .
Following up on an item from a few weeks ago , this is important to the extent that there are still some who believe the political mainstream should do more to listen to the Tea Party crowd and take its hysterical cries seriously .
But how can credible people take nonsense seriously and hope to come up with a meaningful result ?
How can policymakers actually address substantive challenges while following the advice of angry mobs who reject reason and evidence ?
The bottom line seem inescapable : Tea Party activists have no idea what they ’re talking about .
Their sincerity notwithstanding , this is a confused group of misled people .
Spain : Socialist Party government seeks to impose “ labour reforms ”
By Paul Stuart
26 June 2010
The Spanish economy , the fifth largest in Europe , faces economic meltdown .
The methods used to force Greece into massive austerity are now being deployed in Spain even as each attack on the working class is greeted in the international markets as inadequate .
Francisco González , chairman of Spain ’s second largest bank , BBVA , stated , “ The majority of Spanish companies and financial groups are shut out of the international markets ” and unable to get credit .
José García Zárate , a strategist at economic analysts 4CAST , said the government had “ lost all market credibility and nobody is listening to them anymore ” .
In response to their demands , Socialist Party ( PSOE ) Prime Minister José Luis Zapatero declared he would do “ whatever it takes ” to regain market confidence .
He announced € 15 billion in cuts on top of a € 50 billion cuts package , a public sector wage freeze and the imposition of “ labour reforms ” that will eliminate what remains of workers ’ protection and declared that strikes will not change his course .
When the global economic crisis broke in 2008 Zapatero declared that the government would not single out the victims of the crisis with harsh austerity measures .
Now he is demanding that the working class foot the entire bill for the bailout of the financial aristocracy through wage cuts , job losses and elimination of job protection under conditions where unemployment is already at 20 percent ( predicted to reach 23 percent by the end of 2010 ) and as high as 40 percent amongst young people .
The PSOE government is imposing the greatest attack on the working class since the fall of the Franco dictatorship , but even this has not satisfied the employers ’ organisation CEOE .
When talks between government , unions and employers broke down on June 15 , business leaders declared that Zapatero ’s proposals did not go far enough .
They are demanding the destruction of all forms of social protection .
They have been bolstered by the declarations of the International Monetary Fund , European Union officials and the United States government , who have held a series of meetings with Zapatero and his ministers and told them to stop prevaricating and rapidly implement austerity measures .
They complained that labour reform talks have been dragging on for almost two years between the PSOE , its allies in the General Union of Workers ( UGT ) and Workers Commissions ( CCOO ) trade unions and the CEOE employers ’ federation .
After a meeting with IMF officials , Zapatero not only reassured them of his commitment to austerity measures but pledged to speed up labour reform and bring in legislation by the end of July .
He added that he would finalise drastic attacks on pensions by the same date .
On June 16 , the PSOE cabinet agreed a decree on labour reform and are now looking to force it through parliament on June 22 .
The Economist reported June 17 that the reaction of “ ordinary Spaniards ” to the decree “ was hard to measure ” partly because on the day the reform was unveiled Spain was playing its first match in the World Cup .
“ The government insisted that the timing was coincidental , but to many Spaniards the televising of important sporting events at times of political tension is reminiscent of the Franco era , ” the magazine added .
Spokesmen for the main opposition conservative Popular Party ( PP ) have attacked the proposals for not going far enough whilst issuing hypocritical public statements feigning concern about the effect austerity measures will have on the poorest sections of society .
The president of the nationalist Catalan Union ( CiU ) , Artur Mas , said he was prepared to vote in favour despite “ room for improvement ” and the Basque Nationalist Party ( PNV ) also said it supported the changes .
Workers have responded to the austerity measures with escalating struggles .
Rail workers held a national strike on May 28 followed by public sector workers on June 8 .
On June 30 a general strike is to be staged in the Basque region and on September 9 a mass demonstration has been called by the trade unions in Madrid .
Trade union leaders have threatened a general strike on September 29 , the day the European Trade Union Confederation ( ETUC ) has called a European - wide “ day of action ” However , ETUC General Secretary John Monks has made it clear that September 29 is not a general strike but has been called to put pressure on a EU finance ministers meeting that day .
He warned that European countries have no choice but to accept the terms laid down by the EU and the IMF for the repayment of loans .
The Spanish unions have called the September 29 action ( three months after the PSOE is expected to force through labour reform ) “ opportune , ” saying it will allow Spaniards to evaluate the impact of the government ’s economic programme .
By this they hope to gain time to direct the immense social tensions into the safe channels of pressuring the PSOE and the European Union to soften the edges of its brutal attack .
In a joint news conference June 15 , the head of the CCOO , Ignacio Toxo , and UGT leader Cándido Méndez declared the strike “ is not to change the government ” but to make it alter direction .
Earlier Toxo had warned , “ A general strike would be the worst thing to happen to Spain . ”
The sole concern of the trade union bureaucracy is how to rescue capitalism .
They supported the election of the PSOE in 2004 and have operated as loyal partners since , helping enforce policies that have led to the proliferation of part - time workers , job cuts , increased retirement age and pay and pension freezes .
The bureaucracy has sought to limit strike action to single days or , as in the May 28 rail action , agreeing to operate a skeleton service that reduced its impact and created divisions amongst workers .
It has tried to limit the opposition to austerity , arguing that if workers push too far the PSOE will be brought down and the PP returned to power .
The union bureaucracy is concerned that the PSOE will be ineffective in resolving the economic crisis of capitalism .
Toxo told journalists , “ Both the CCOO and the UGT ’s view is to give a full response both to the austerity plan and to any potential labour reform that would be introduced by decree , which would be damaging to our country . ”
The inability of the unions to arrive at a public agreement with the government is not because they are opposed to the cuts .
They differ only on tactics .
This was made abundantly clear by Toxo ’s outburst , when he stated , “ I want to believe that until the last minute there ’s a possibility of reaching an agreement , ” adding , “ The government has disappointed me . ”
The main force preventing the working class breaking with the PSOE - trade union alliance is the Spanish Communist Party - led United Left ( IU ) .
These former lefts are in alliance with the PSOE in government and local authorities throughout Spain and have senior positions within the trade union bureaucracy .
The IU ’s support for the September 29 strike and handing all authority over to the trade union bureaucracy is aimed at lodging a formal protest at the labour reforms whilst the PSOE and the financial elite are given breathing space to force through the austerity measures .
IU Head Cayo Lara urges Zapatero to stop acting as a “ messenger ” for the markets , and to act as a representative of his “ social base ” .
The idea that Zapatero , a functionary of the financial aristocracy , has either a social base in the working class or that the PSOE can be shifted from its present course is aimed at deliberately confusing and disorientating the working class .
The IU ’s program is entirely bourgeois and seeks to create illusions that the economic crisis can be resolved without the working class taking control of the banks and big business .
The decline in the support for the IU at the last elections was connected to its being viewed as an adjunct of the PSOE .
It supported the PSOE ’s election and is now working with the trade unions to protect the government from a political radicalisation of the working class as it seeks to rescue capitalism at the expense of the masses .
A new survey of homeowners released today found that two out of five , or 41 percent , of homeowners would consider walking away from their mortgages if their homes were worth less than the amount they owed .
The survey , by search site Trulia.com and RealtyTrac , the online marketplace for foreclosed properties , demonstrates the growing popularity of “ strategic defaults , which were the subject of a 60 minutes segment last Sunday .
The Trulia - RealtyTrac survey produced the highest number yet of potential strategic defaulters .
The percentage of foreclosures that were perceived to be strategic was 31 percent in March 2010 , compared to 22 percent in March 2009 according to new data released two weeks ago from the team of researchers at the University of Chicago and Northwestern University that first identified the scope of “ strategic default ” behavior last year .
Some 288,992 foreclosures per quarter are strategic defaults , according to the U of C and Northwestern researchers .
Translated into actual homeowners with a mortgage , the Trulia - Realty Trac survey would produce about 21 million homeowners who would walk away from their homes if they were under water .
More than 11.3 million homeowners — nearly one - fourth of all Americans with a mortgage — owe more on their loan than their home is now worth , according to a February report by FirstAmerican CoreLogic .
More than 10 percent of people with mortgages owe 25 percent or more than their home is worth .
A key finding in the research on strategic defaults is the likelihood that homeowners will opt to walk away if they know others who have done so , or live in an area with a high percentage of foreclosures .
Its findings , compared with actual rates of strategic default through the first quarter , suggest that the option is growing in popularity and acceptance , and will produce significantly more strategic defaults in the months to come unless property values suddenly improve .
This May 2010 survey was conducted online within the United States by Harris Interactive via its QuickQuery ( SM ) online omnibus service on behalf of Trulia between May 10 - 12 , 2010 among 2,596 U.S. adults aged 18 years and older .
The sample included 1,690 homeowners , 1,137 of whom currently have a mortgage , and 832 renters .
Tonsil stones , also known as tonsilloliths , are mineralization of debris within the crevices of the tonsils . [ 1] [ 3 ]
When not mineralized , the presence of debris is known as chronic caseous tonsillitis ( CCT ) .
[ 1 ]
Symptoms may include bad breath .
[ 1 ]
Generally there is no pain , though there may be the feeling of something present . [ 1 ]
Risk factors may include recurrent throat infections .
[ 2 ]
Tonsil stones contain a biofilm composed of a number of different bacteria .
[ 1 ]
While they most commonly occur in the palatine tonsils , they may also occur in the lingual tonsils . [ 3 ]
Tonsil stones have been recorded weighing from 0.3 g to 42 g .[ 3 ]
They may be found during medical imaging for other reasons . [ 4 ]
If tonsil stones do not bother a person , no treatment is needed .
[ 1 ]
Otherwise gargling salt water and manual removal may be tried .
[ 1 ]
Chlorhexidine may also be tried .
[ 1 ]
Surgical treatment may include partial or complete tonsil removal . [ 1 ] [ 5 ]
Up to 10 % of people have tonsil stones .
[ 1 ]
Males and females are affected equally .
[ 1 ]
Older people are more commonly affected .
[ 2 ]
Signs and symptoms [ edit ]
Tonsil stones may produce no symptoms or they may be associated with bad breath .
[ 1]
The smell may be that of rotting eggs . [ 6 ]
Occasionally there may be pain when swallowing .
[ 7 ]
Even when they are large , some tonsil stones are only discovered incidentally on X - rays or CAT scans .
Other symptoms include a metallic taste , throat closing or tightening , coughing fits , and choking .
Larger tonsil stones may cause recurrent bad breath , which frequently accompanies a tonsil infection , sore throat , white debris , a bad taste in the back of the throat , difficulty swallowing , ear ache , and tonsil swelling . [ 8 ]
A medical study conducted in 2007 found an association between tonsilloliths and bad breath in patients with a certain type of recurrent tonsillitis .
Among those with bad breath , 75 % of the subjects had tonsilloliths , while only 6 % of subjects with normal halitometry values ( normal breath ) had tonsilloliths .
A foreign body sensation may also exist in the back of the throat .
The condition may also be an asymptomatic condition , with detection upon palpating a hard intratonsillar or submucosal mass .
A tonsillolith protrudes from the tonsil
Large tonsillolith half exposed on tonsil
Closeup of a tonsillolith
Pathophysiology [ edit ]
Low - power microscope magnification of a cross-section through one of the tonsillar crypts ( running diagonally ) as it opens onto the surface of the throat ( at the top ) .
Stratified epithelium ( e ) covers the throat 's surface and continues as a lining of the crypt .
Beneath the surface are numerous nodules ( f ) of lymphoid tissue .
Many lymph cells ( dark - colored region ) pass from the nodules toward the surface and will eventually mix with the saliva as salivary corpuscles ( s ) .
The mechanism by which these calculi form is subject to debate , [ 3 ] though they appear to result from the accumulation of material retained within the crypts , along with the growth of bacteria and fungi – sometimes in association with persistent chronic purulent tonsillitis .
In 2009 , an association between biofilms and tonsilloliths was shown .
Central to the biofilm concept is the assumption that bacteria form a three dimensional structure , dormant bacteria being in the center to serve as a constant nidus of infection .
This impermeable structure renders the biofilm immune to antibiotic treatment .
By use of confocal microscopy and microelectrodes , biofilms similar to dental biofilms were shown to be present in the tonsillolith , with oxygen respiration at the outer layer of tonsillolith , denitrification toward the middle , and acidification toward the bottom . [ 9 ]
Diagnosis [ edit ]
Diagnosis is usually made upon inspection .
Tonsilloliths are difficult to diagnose in the absence of clear manifestations , and often constitute casual findings of routine radiological studies .
Classification [ edit ]
Tonsilloliths or tonsil stones are calcifications that form in the crypts of the palatal tonsils .
They are also known to form in the throat and on the roof of the mouth .
Tonsils are filled with crevices where bacteria and other materials , including dead cells and mucus , can become trapped .
When this occurs , the debris can become concentrated in white formations that occur in the pockets .
[ 8 ]
Tonsilloliths are formed when this trapped debris accumulates and are expressed from the tonsil .
They are generally soft , sometimes rubbery .
This tends to occur most often in people who suffer from chronic inflammation in their tonsils or repeated bouts of tonsillitis . [ 8 ]
They are often associated with post - nasal drip .
Giant [ edit ]
Much rarer than the typical tonsil stones are giant tonsilloliths .
Giant tonsilloliths may often be mistaken for other oral maladies , including peritonsillar abscess , and tumours of the tonsil . [ 10 ]
Differential diagnosis [ edit ]
Imaging diagnostic techniques can identify a radiopaque mass that may be mistaken for foreign bodies , displaced teeth or calcified blood vessels .
CT scan may reveal nonspecific calcified images in the tonsillar zone .
The differential diagnosis must be established with acute and chronic tonsillitis , tonsillar hypertrophy , peritonsillar abscesses , foreign bodies , phlebolites , ectopic bone or cartilage , lymph nodes , granulomatous lesions or calcification of the stylohyoid ligament in the context of Eagle syndrome ( elongated styloid process ) . [ 11 ]
Differential diagnosis of tonsilloliths includes foreign body , calcified granuloma , malignancy , an enlarged temporal styloid process or rarely , isolated bone which is usually derived from embryonic rests originating from the branchial arches . [ 12 ]
Treatment [ edit ]
If tonsil stones do not bother a person , no treatment is needed .
[ 1 ]
Otherwise gargling saltwater and manual removal may be tried .
[ 1 ]
Chlorhexidine may also be tried .
[ 1 ]
Surgical treatment may include partial or complete tonsil removal . [ 1 ]
Some people are able to remove tonsil stones using a cotton swab or finger .
Oral irrigators are also effective .
Most electric oral irrigators are unsuitable for tonsil stone removal because they are too powerful and are likely to cause discomfort and rupture the tonsils , which could result in further complications such as infection .
Irrigators that connect directly to the sink tap via a threaded attachment or otherwise are suitable for tonsil stone removal and everyday washing of the tonsils because they can jet water at low - pressure levels that the user can adjust by simply turning the sink tap , allowing for a continuous range of pressures to suit each user 's requirements . [ 8 ]
Or , there is a tonsil stone remover in the manual pump system .
Manual pump - type tonsil stone remover can adjust the water pressure depending on the number of pumps , effectively removing tonsil stones .
More simply still , gargling with warm , salty water may help alleviate the discomfort of tonsillitis , which often accompanies tonsil stones .
Vigorous gargling each morning can also keep the tonsil crypts clear of all but the most persistent tonsilloliths . [ 8 ]
Curettage [ edit ]
Larger tonsil stones may require removal by curettage ( scooping ) or otherwise , although thorough irrigation will still be required afterward to effectively wash out smaller pieces .
Larger lesions may require local excision , although these treatments may not completely help the bad breath issues that are often associated with this condition .
Laser [ edit ]
Another option is to decrease the surface area ( crypts , crevices , etc. ) of the tonsils via laser resurfacing .
The procedure is called a laser cryptolysis .
It can be performed using a local anesthetic .
A scanned carbon dioxide laser selectively vaporizes and smooths the surface of the tonsils .
This technique flattens the edges of the crypts and crevices that collect the debris , preventing trapped material from forming stones .
Surgery [ edit ]
Tonsillectomy may be indicated if bad breath due to tonsillar stones persists despite other measures . [ 13 ]
Epidemiology [ edit ]
Tonsilloliths or tonsillar concretions occur in up to 10 % of the population , frequently due to episodes of tonsillitis . [ 14 ]
While small concretions in the tonsils are common , true stones are less so .
[ 3 ]
They commonly occur in young adults and are rare in children . [ 3 ]
Reward Systems , An Excerpt From Level Design : Concept , Theory , and Practice
By Rudolf Kremers
[ Gamasutra is presenting an in - depth excerpt from IGF nominated Dyson / Eufloria co-creator Rudolf Kremers ' new book Level Design : Concept , Theory , and Practice , which was recently released by AK Peters .
This extract , just part of the book 's seventh chapter , looks at wish fulfilment and escapism occasioned by some of the best video game level designs . ]
If somebody holding carrots beats you with a stick it would be very satisfying if you were to wrestle the stick away from your tormentor and make him give you all the carrots .
The previous chapter discusses many of the possible ways in which reward systems and structures can work , and , as importantly , what expectations people have from life .
In this chapter we will examine some of them again , but within the context of level design theory .
We will derive or construct some game - specific principles , as well .
I would like to make an important initial point before we do this , however , What has to be clear from the outset is that as authors of a level 's content , and therefore of much of the player 's game experience , we are completely within our rights to manipulate the player 's reward expectations in ways that are unexpected , but that are ultimately more rewarding to the player .
Even though it falls squarely within our responsibilities to do so , this is oft en forgotten , or worse , ignored .
As long as we do n't violate other important principles of level design , we have the power to give the player the opportunity to finally take away the big stick from the universal tormentor and run away with all the carrots , and feel really good about it .
Escapism and Wish Fulfillment
Level designers are lucky that they work in a medium that has an audience that is already willing and able to submit itself to feelings of escapism and wish fulfillment .
It is perfectly acceptable for a gamer to crave these things ; it is even ( erroneously ) at times expected that a gamer will exclusively crave them .
This makes us lucky , because it gives us an audience made up of people who are willing to travel with us and gives us a whole range of techniques that we can use to get them there .
We can do this by taking them somewhere that does n't exist in this world and then delight them with amazing new sight and sounds .
Fantabulate ! [ 1 ]
Or , we can take them into our interpretation of an enjoyable activity based in real world concepts .
Simulate !
Both have many areas where they overlap , as covered in many chapters elsewhere in this book .
But they also have important differences that need to be examined .
( There is also a third option that will be examined later . )
[ 1 ]
If this is not a real word , it should be ; and I am claiming it now .
Fantabulate !
A level is a virtual construct .
It may have its own set of rules , logic , physics system , ecology , and other internal systems , but they all take place in a virtual setting .
The disadvantage of this virtuality is that somebody needs to design and implement all of these things .
The advantage for level designers is that in this need , or put to put it differently , in this license to do so , lies a huge amount of freedom and power .
In game levels with a non-realistic setting , the level designer has the license to fantabulate .
New rules
Within a fantastic virtual construct , we are free to create many things or situations that simply would not work in the real world , all with the approval of our audience .
Not only may we invent these new rules ; we are positively encouraged to do so .
We have already concluded in Chapter 2 , " Teaching Mechanisms , " that part of our responsibility lies in teaching the player the rules of the available gameplay activities .
In a fantastic setting this is especially important , as the rules may be unknown in real life .
For example , we may have to teach players that summoning a fire elemental is an extremely effective way of deterring packs of ice wolves from attacking [ 2 ] . )
The real fun lies in the fact that players who enjoy these kinds of things , and there are many , many millions of them , also really enjoy learning about this new world they find themselves in .
Within an escapist mindset , experiencing new fantastic concepts is an attraction in its own right .
If we go back to our earlier example of Tolkien , we see a work of fantasy that partly excels because of its sheer scope of invention .
The book creates a very deep sense of wonder , partly because it consistently and thoroughly showcases a new world with an extremely detailed and well - thought - out set of rules .
This applies to almost anything in the world , including its history , its ecology , and its magic system .
Reading about all of these things is a large reason for the success of the book .
Level designers have to do the same thing .
They need to interpret the new rules of the world and teach them to players in such a way that it creates a great sense of wonder , as well as teaching them how to play the game .
New environments
Hand in hand with new world rules come new environments ; and once again , a great amount of work and a great amount of freedom for the level designer .
A great amount of work because within this virtual construct somebody has to do the constructing .
This does not mean that the level designer has to create all the environments solely by himself or herself , although at times this is feasible or necessary .
In most cases , this work must be done in partnership with the art department .
But the level designer does need to design all the gameplay space , and the way it is used .
This gives level designers a great amount of freedom because they are the authors of a new gameplay environment , and to a large degree , of a whole new gameplay world .
This is one of the reasons why level design is such an enormously fulfilling profession ; it literally gives a designer the power to create worlds . [ 3 ]
So far , so good .
In fact , this is no different from most other forms of level design .
Where level design featuring themes of escapism and wish fulfillment in a fantastic setting differs from more reality - based design is in some of the intrinsic goals .
A big reason for the existence of the levels is to present a gameplay environment and a virtual environment that appeals enough in its own right that the player wishes to engage with it and spend time sampling its content .
This means that it is reasonable to include enjoyable areas that do n't feature much gameplay ( but aid in escapism ) , or to go further and assert that exploring these areas is part of the gameplay appropriate to the goals of such a level .
A big mistake that many people in game development make is to assume that all gameplay spaces must feature active challenges and encounters .
It is actually important to also include gameplay space that celebrates escapism through the medium of exploration , or other ways that the player can just enjoy the world .
These are some of the reasons that so many games feature a fantasy , sci - fi , surreal , or otherwise fantastic setting .
For many reasons , these genres are especially suited for this kind of design .
Providing the player with many level design scenarios to achieve these goals is an important way to allow for deep and interesting elements of wish fulfillment and escapism .
Level designers should always ask fundamental questions about the scenarios they create .
In the case of a fantastic setting , these questions can include :
Can I reach that strange but beautiful area ?
How do I study that new dangerous creature ?
What else can I use this artifact for ?
Who built this structure ?
How do I reach that floating fortress ?
These are just a few random examples , but each one shows that interesting level design scenarios are just around the corner .
And answering questions like these goes very far in providing the player with what he or she wishes for , and constitutes an effective use of a powerful reward mechanism .
[ 2 ]
Yes , I picked this cliché on purpose , for illustrative clarity .
[ 3 ]
If you are interested in level design and that does n't appeal at a very basic level , you may ask yourself some questions .
Simulate !
A completely different approach to escapism and wish fulfillment is found in simulations , and before we discuss level design theory and simulations , we should actually look at what is meant by the word .
Simulation and imitation
Normally , when we speak of simulation , we are talking about modeling a realworld system or situation in order to learn something new .
This could be for scientific reasons ; for example , a simulation and study of hunter predator cycles could be used to warn when a particular species becomes overhunted and may become endangered .
It could also be for financial reasons ; a simulation of a particular economic system may predict which factors contribute to inflation .
In any of the examples we can find of simulations , it is generally the case that there is a need for accuracy in order to correctly extrapolate from the data that the simulation produces :
[ A ] simulation results when the equations of the underlying dynamic model are solved .
This model is designed to imitate the time - evolution of a real system .
[ 4 ]
( Emphasis mine . )
Most games are not like that at all .
( The exceptions will be noted shortly . )
Games are all about enjoyment .
When we play games , we play them for all kinds of enjoyable reasons : to have fun , to exercise our brains , to have a meaningful artistic experience , and so forth .
Simulation games are no different and exist to provide an enjoyable experience , in most cases by providing players with a chance to engage in a real - life activity they normally would not be able to enjoy .
A game can offer a player a chance to be a soccer manager or a train conductor or a theme park operator .
These are great examples of games based upon wish fulfillment as a reward system .
If we look closer , we find that they are n't games of simulation at all , but games of illusion and imitation .
The game imitates real - world activities only to the degree that their fun aspects are replicated for the enjoyment of the player .
This kind of imitation is , unlike practical simulations , not concerned with accuracy at all , but with the appearance of accuracy .
The games would quickly become extremely tedious if they tried to accurately simulate all aspects of the activity in question .
Accuracy only needs to be observed as long as it supports enjoyable gameplay .
An actual racing game simulator ( SIM ) would be far too difficult for most gamers to enjoy .
And what is the point of playing a grand prix SIM if the player cannot win ?
It would be accurate and realistic , but not much fun , especially because it fails at the first hurdle and does n't provide the wish fulfillment element of the game 's reward system .
Strangely , although the use of the word simulation is suspect , I still advise that we adhere to its usage in games .
It is simply too confusing to do otherwise , because as a description of genre , it is too widespread to change .
It is essential , however , that level designers know what simulation games are really about : enjoyable imitation .
This is not semantic nitpicking , but a fundamentally profound difference that causes much debate and conflict .
Almost every level designer , on a regular basis , will have to argue this point against somebody who insists on making gameplay decisions that fail this test of enjoyable imitation , solely based on the argument that the game needs to correctly simulate a real world event .
There are times when simulation and imitation go hand in hand , perhaps when a particular sport 's league is implemented , or when the correct dimensions of a vehicle need to be followed .
But even in those circumstances , it needs to be clear that these implementations still serve an enjoyable imitation of a real world activity .
This has tremendous impact for the level design of these games .
Instead of being at the mercy of real - life rules and physics , the level designer now has the role of illusionist .
The tracks in a realistic racing SIM now only have to feel like they are correct ; as long as they are fun , the job is well done .
The lack of accuracy in a wildlife photography game 's terrain means nothing as long as it produces expected results that do n't break immersion .
It is all smoke and mirrors .
" Serious games "
There are only few exceptions to this rule , mainly in the area of so - called serious games and educational games .
They are noteworthy because although they can display many of the characteristics of other video games , they are fundamentally different .
There is no formal definition of what exactly constitutes " serious games " , but it is fair to say that their main focus is that of teaching some real world application or education .
This can be a commercial focus , for example a driving game for a driving school , or a scientific one , for example a game that lets students identify certain plants as part of a biology lesson . [ 5 ]
As already noted in Chapter 2 , games are extremely suitable as a teaching tool , since we are already trained at a very young age to engage in gameplay in to learn all kinds of diverse skills .
This and the ever - improving technological sophistication of commercial video games have led to a proliferation of serious and educational games that recognize this principle .
For example , see the Serious Games Initiative , which has done much work in this arena :
The Serious Games Initiative is focused on uses for games in exploring management and leadership challenges facing the public sector .
Part of its overall charter is to help forge productive links between the electronic game industry and projects involving the use of games in education , training , health , and public policy . [ 6 ]
Because the defining aspect of these games is that of real - world application , they are always expected to produce tangible results , or they will have failed in their basic function .
And this result has to be realistic or accurate at all times , or its real - world application will be ruined .
Because of this , the player has to be able to trust the game to produce teaching material that is trustworthy and cannot just be an imitation or an illusion .
A serious game teaching somebody how to fly an airplane in real life has some serious responsibilities in real life to live up to .
[ 4 ]
Stephan Hartmann , " The World as a Process : Simulations in the Natural and Social Sciences , " http://philsci-archive.pitt.edu/archive/00002412/ , 2005 .
[ 5 ]
Serious games are nearly always educational games .
[ 6 ]
The Serious Games Initiative , " The Serious Games Initiative , www.seriousgames.org/newswire/.
Fantastic Simulation
On rare occasions , a hybrid game form appears that tries to provide fun gameplay through " realistically " simulating an activity in a fantastic setting , or even a fantastic activity in any setting . [ 7 ]
This is a strange beast indeed and initially is no easy to quantify , but some clear examples exist .
Take for instance Startopia , [ 8 ] a game that expects the player to successfully run a spaceship colony , balancing the needs of all the diverse onboard species .
Another example can be found in the famous Tamagotchi brand , where the player is expected to take care of a fantastical creature in a realistic manner .
These games still contain the key elements of a rewards system based on escapism and wish fulfillment , but it is up to the level designer to decide where to fantabulate and where to simulate .
However , the question can be asked : how can a game simultaneously be both fantastic and realistic ?
Staying " in character "
The answer to this question lies in the assumption that a level should stay in character .
Like an actor , the game cannot acknowledge the world outside of its own fiction .
If this happened , it might not be strange for a player to take slow incremental lessons in hover board control to perfectly learn the nuances needed to enter the Martian Circular Race . [ 9 ]
The level designer needs to be aware that although there is room for imitation and illusion , the levels cannot cheat the in - game rules at any time .
I will leave this topic for now , before it all becomes too metaphysical , but I would like to advise any level designer working on such a game to treat the fake rules of the game as if they were real .
Some Further Notes on Wish Fulfillment
In most of the examples and cases discussed so far , wish fulfillment has been linked to giving players the freedom to engage in activities they probably can't in real life .
This can be to shine in a career as a formula one racing driver or to captain a star ship .
The activity itself is the wish being fulfilled .
The principle goes much further , however , sometimes in unexpected ways .
The player may be confronted with a fast vehicle , leading to a wish to drive it , or the player may spot a castle on the horizon , leading to a wish to reach it .
Many of these kinds of scenarios are actually in the hands of the level designer .
In wish fulfillment , we have an immensely powerful tool to entertain the player through our level designs .
In this context , wish fulfillment means adding gameplay scenarios that create a desire and eventually give the player the means to satisfy it .
Avoiding clichés
A well - known criticism of wish fulfillment is that it panders to simplistic desires and that is " too easy , " leading to cheap entertainment that does n't challenge or engage the audience enough .
This danger certainly exists , but it is no more a result of wish fulfillment than elevator music is a result of making music accessible .
If used well , wish fulfillment is a powerful technique that can be used to reward gameplay , deepen immersion , and to challenge the player 's conception of what a desired outcome is .
It is up to the level designer to decide how to implement these principles , and what clichés to avoid .
There are no hard and fast rules and what constitutes a cliché can be entirely dependent on the game 's genre or expected audience .
[ 7 ]
Typically a fantastic setting , however .
[ 8 ] Mucky Foot Productions , 2001 ; published by Eidos .
[ 9 ]
I made that up .
Return to the full version of this article
Copyright © UBM
Tech ,
All rights reserved
The Equality and Human Rights Commission is to launch a probe into disability hate crimes and harassment after figures revealed that a person appears in court every working day charged with abusing the disabled – often violently .
The formal inquiry , announced today and backed by ministers , will also investigate what public authorities – such as councils , schools , bus services and the police – are doing to protect the human rights of disabled people .
It comes after a spate of high - profile cases that have seen people killed or kill themselves after suffering taunts , attacks and bullying .
Earlier this month a teenage girl was among seven people arrested on suspicion of the murder of a man with learning disabilities described by his parents as " a gentle giant " .
The 21 - year - old had been last seen watching the television in the family home before his body was found near a local supermarket .
The commission says people with learning disabilities and mental health conditions are particularly at risk and suffered higher levels of victimisation , with low - level incidents escalating into more serious violence .
The equalities watchdog has warned that any public bodies not found not to be meeting their obligations could face legal action to force them to comply with the law .
It is already investigating whether Hinckley and Bosworth council in Leicestershire is compliant with its " legal duty to eliminate disability - related harassment " after local resident Fiona Pilkington killed herself and her teenage daughter Francecca in 2007 .
Francecca had a mental age of four , and Pilkington was apparently driven to despair by the inaction over the abuse her family had suffered .
Mike Smith , lead commissioner for the inquiry , said reporting of the coroner 's inquest into the Pilkington case last year was a " turning point for the mass media " .
" Before , a death of disabled person in these terrible circumstances would have got few column inches in the newspapers .
But in a similar way to the tragic case of Stephen Lawrence , it was pivotal in changing the way society viewed these crimes . "
Smith , a wheelchair user , has himself suffered abuse – with " Kripple " daubed over his walls in paint and wooden wedges hammered under his door to prevent it from being opened .
" I did call the police , and the first five times it was like , ' What do you want us to do about it ? ' "
But I did finally get one officer prepared to do something about it and installed a surveillance system .
It shows what can happen if the collective denial is challenged . "
Disabled people , says Smith , can literally become " too scared to leave home " because they are " harassed and told to ignore it by everyone else , including public bodies .
It 's unacceptable " .
The commission says disabled people are four times more likely to be victims of crime than non-disabled people – and it has evidence that many more incidents of violence or hostility go unreported or are not dealt with properly by " social housing bodies , social services teams , crime prevention units , public transport and other public bodies in Britain " .
Every working day , on average , at least one person appears in court charged with a crime against a disabled person .
Nearly half of these involve violence .
Charities said the move was long overdue , and that frontline staff need training and support to deal with " disability abuse " .
" One of the issues , especially with hate crime , is that it is treated as a crime and not just an issue of antisocial behaviour , " said Esther Foreman , a spokesperson for learning disability charity Mencap .
Maria Miller , the minister for disabled people , said : " Harassment in any form is totally unacceptable .
Everyone in society has the right to live life in safety and with security .
For disabled people and for those with long - term health conditions , safety and security is a right that can't be taken for granted . "
If you thought seeing Conan with a beard was weird , wait until you see Conan with a beard razzing Google VP Vic Gundotra .
Really weird .
Also really funny .
The full , 48 - minute clip includes bonus Andy Richter action — watch it !
Advertisement
I sort of wish he'd just stay unemployed forever .
[ LiquidSquid ]
How not to build a straw house
THE English - speaking world does not look kindly on straw .
Grasping at straws , straw - man arguments , the last straws and the straws that break so many camels ' backs all attest to that .
There is also the cautionary tale that straw is the worst material from which to build a house , particularly if you are a pig with a hungry wolf around .
So the cards were stacked against Warren Brush , the director of a not - for - profit farm in Cuyama , California , when local officials learned in 2006 that he had several buildings made of straw bales on his land .
They have tried to fine him .
A lot .
But the case is still unresolved .
The problem is that California 's building codes make no provision for the use of straw .
And Mr Brush has many defenders — among them several university scientists and David Eisenberg , the chairman of the United States Green Building Council 's code committee .
They would like to see the prejudice against straw houses eliminated , for straw is , in many ways , an ideal building material .
It is , for one thing , a great insulator .
That keeps down the heating bills in houses made from it .
It is also a waste product that would otherwise be burned , and is therefore cheap .
And — very much to the point in a place like California — it is earthquake - resistant .
Last year a test conducted at the University of Nevada 's large - scale structures laboratory showed that straw - bale constructions could withstand twice the amount of ground motion recorded in the Northridge earthquake that hit Los Angeles in 1994 .
Mr Brush 's ranch is a mere 18 km ( 11 miles ) from the San Andreas Fault .
Instead of prosecuting him , his supporters argue , the state should be installing seismic sensors on his ranch to see what happens if and when there is an earthquake there .
Modern straw buildings start with a foundation of gravel held in the kind of plastic bags used for vegetables at a grocery store , and covered with a soil mortar .
The walls are made of tightly packed straw bales held together with bamboo pins and covered with fishing nets .
These are then coated with a clay - based plaster .
Aesthetically , the final product is similar to stucco or adobe , but because its components — clay , gravel , straw and netting — are more flexible than brick , concrete or steel , it is much more ductile and thus better able to absorb seismic energy .
California , of course , is already thoroughly earthquake - proofed .
But straw buildings might do well in seismically active places that are less wealthy .
After an earthquake devastated Pakistan in 2005 , Darcey Donovan , a structural engineer from Truckee , California , set up a not - for - profit straw - bale - construction operation that has since built 17 houses there .
She has been designing straw - bale houses in California for ten years and lives in one that she and her husband built in 2007 .
It has two floors , three bedrooms , two bathrooms and a two - car garage .
There are , as it were , other straws in the wind : a post office in suburban Albuquerque , a Quaker school in Maryland , an office complex in suburban Los Angeles and an urban - renewal project in Binghamton , New York , have all been built from straw .
Even California is having a rethink , and may change its rules to accommodate straw - bale construction .
As Mr Eisenberg observes , “ the lesson of the Three Little Pigs is n't to avoid straw .
It 's that you do n't let a pig build your house . ”
More than 3,000 European Jews , including prominent intellectuals , have signed a petition speaking out against Israeli settlement policies and warning that systematic support for the Israeli government is dangerous .
The petition 's signatories include French philosopher Bernard - Henri Lévy and Daniel Cohn - Bendit , a Greens leader in the European Parliament .
Supporters , who compare their goals to those of J Street , a liberal pro-Israel Jewish lobbying group in the United States , plan to present their position at a news conference at the European Parliament in Brussels tomorrow .
They say they hope to build a European movement that is both " committed to the state of Israel and critical of the current choices of its government " .
Israeli columnist Yossi Sarid , a former Cabinet minister identified with Israel 's peace movement , praised the initiative in an comment piece published in the Haaretz daily today .
" These are people who seize every opportunity to defend Israel publicly and remain faithful to it , " he wrote .
" But even their patience is running out and their hearts are filled with sincere concern . "
Israel 's foreign ministry declined to comment because the initiative is not government - sponsored .
Many signatories are from France , where the petition has received much press coverage .
France 's Jewish community has hotly debated the petition , entitled Call for Reason .
But the president of France 's leading Jewish association , CRIF , declined to sign , saying he objected to some of its language and its tone .
" Do Israelis need the Jewish Diaspora to know what is ' the right ' decision , what should be the borders of a country that their sons and daughters are protecting ? "
Richard Prasquier wrote in Le Figaro newspaper .
The petition says Israel faces a threat in the " occupation and the continuing pursuit of settlements in the West Bank and in the Arab districts of East Jerusalem " .
" These policies are morally and politically wrong and feed the unacceptable delegitimization process that Israel currently faces abroad , " it sayings , adding that " systematic support of Israeli government policy is dangerous and does not serve the true interests of the state of Israel " .
* Oil goo lurks on some beaches , even after cleanup
* State attorney general demands more help from Washington
* People wary of swimming , even after ban is lifted
PENSACOLA BEACH , Fla. , June 25 ( Reuters ) - Bans on swimming were partially lifted in the Florida Panhandle on Friday , but a state official called for a beefed - up federal response after the area took its worst hit yet from the BP BP.LBP .N oil spill .
State emergency officials signaled that the tourist haven was far from in the clear as they continued to report sightings of gooey debris and even some liquid crude coming in from BP ’s Deepwater Horizon well site more than 100 miles ( 160 km ) away .
In a letter on Friday to Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano , Florida Attorney General Bill McCollum asked for more oil skimmers and other equipment to support the state ’s cleanup efforts , saying the federal response to the disaster had been painfully slow so far .
“ With oil mats , sheen and tar balls now coming ashore on Florida beaches , the continued slow response and limited resources being directed to protect our coasts from the effects of the Deepwater Horizon blowout is extremely frustrating , ” McCollum wrote .
Until late Tuesday , the Panhandle had been spared from the early impact of the spill already marring the Gulf Coast states of Louisiana , Mississippi and Alabama .
But health officials were forced to issue “ red flag ” warnings against swimming across much of the region on Wednesday , after thick oily sludge washed ashore on Pensacola Beach and other once - pristine stretches of nearby coastline .
Only a few people could be seen braving a dip off Pensacola Beach on Friday , after the swimming ban was lifted there and at other nearby beaches .
The sand was still littered with sludge and tar balls , even after it was worked over by BP cleanup crews backed by tractors with cleaning equipment and heavy duty frontloaders .
Nikki Goode , on her honeymoon from Huntsville , Alabama , said she did n’t believe the extent of the damage to the beach until she saw it with her own eyes .
“ We are a little sad .
It is heartbreaking to be here and experience it as tourist but especially experience it for the community , ” she said .
Steve McKnight from Pace , Florida , has been coming to Pensacola Beach for 35 years .
He brought his kids to see the tar - stained white sand on Friday .
Even though swimming was allowed again , McKnight said he would not let his kids anywhere near the water .
“ There is no way .
We will go up the river and swim if we want to go swimming .
But there is no way I would let them get in the water ( here ) now , ” he said .
“ I just do n’t like the way that it looks right now , ” added McKnight ’s 6 - year - old son , Conner .
MASSIVE TAR MATS
State officials had hoped for a respite as the winds and currents shifted and began to move the mass of oil to the west and northwest , away from the Florida Panhandle .
But a website set up by state emergency response officials was filled to overflowing on Friday with fresh reports of sludge , including tar mats as big as 10 feet ( 3 meters ) wide fouling beaches and azure Gulf waters .
An oil slick moving southwest to northeast in one area off the Panhandle was 30 feet ( 9 meters ) wide and three miles ( 5 km ) long and full of golf ball - size tar balls , according to one reconnaissance report posted on the web site map.floridadisaster.org/gator /.
“ It ’s a shame , ” said Alice Watkins , a Houston resident who had planned to stop in Pensacola on her way to Tampa to see her daughter and new granddaughter .
“ I was going to stay for a few days before heading on but I ’m going to leave today instead .
All these machines .
it ’s too depressing , ” Watkins said .
( Additional reporting by Ben Gruber in Pensacola Beach , Editing by Tom Brown and Doina Chiacu )
Party switcher Parker Griffith , Rep. Artur Davis lose in Alabama primaries
Alabama Republican Rep. Parker Griffith was soundly defeated in a Republican primary tonight , the second party switcher to lose an intraparty fight in the past two weeks .
Madison County Commissioner
Mo Brooks had 51 percent of the vote to Griffith 's 33 percent and 16 percent for Les Phillip with 99 percent of precincts reporting .
Although the Associated Press had not called the race , local media reported that Griffith had conceded the contest to Brooks .
Griffith , who had been elected as a Democrat to the northern Alabama 5th district , switched parties last year with promises from House Republican leaders that they would back him to the hilt .
But , he struggled to convince Republican primary voters that he was one of them ; he was battered over his vote for Nancy Pelosi ( Calif . ) as House Speaker at the start of the 111th Congress , for example .
Griffith 's problems were a mirror image of Pennsylvania Sen.
Arlen Specter 's ( D ) difficulties in his primary loss to Rep. Joe Sestak on May 18 .
Griffith joins Rep. Alan Mollohan ( D - W.Va . ) as House members to lose their re-nomination bids .
In the Senate , Specter as well as Sen. Bob Bennett ( R - Utah ) have come up short in intraparty bids and Sen. Blanche Lincoln ( D - Ark. ) faces a runoff race on June 8 against Lt. Gov. Bill Halter .
Alabama Democrats showed a similar resistance to establishment favorites in the governor 's race .
Alabama Agriculture Commissioner Ron Sparks crushed Rep. Artur Davis in the Democratic primary for governor , ending Davis ' hopes of becoming the state 's first black governor .
" We worked hard , we fussed hard , we cried hard , " Sparks said .
" Thank you for allowing me to be in the position I 'm in . "
The Associated Press called the race for Sparks shortly before 11 pm eastern time and Sparks holding a lead of nearly 30 points .
Davis had long been touted as a star on the national stage but his insistence on opposing President Barack Obama 's agenda in a failed attempt to keep himself viable in a general election coupled with his long - running feud with the state 's unelected black leaders combined to make his showing a major disappointment .
Rick Dent , campaign manager for Sparks , told the Fix that Davis ' vote against President Obama 's health care legislation " hurt him in the African - American community . "
The Republican gubernatorial race is headed to a July 13 runoff .
Former state Sen. Bradley Byrne secured one of the spots but businessman Tim James and state Rep. Robert Bentley were separated by less than 300 votes in the fight for the second slot .
Two hundred miles to the west , national Republicans got some good news as Mississippi state Sen .
Alan Nunnelee won the GOP nomination in the 1st district without a runoff .
Nunnelee took 51 percent of the vote in the race against former Europa Mayor Henry Ross and Fox News Channel commentator Angela McGlowan .
McGlowan placed a distant third despite a last - minute endorsement from former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin -- via Twitter !
Nunnelee will face Rep. Travis Childers ( D ) in the fall in a district that gave Sen. John McCain ( Ariz . ) 62 percent of the vote in 2008 and that will be a major GOP pickup target this fall .
Across the country in New Mexico , Dona Ana District Attorney Susana Martinez cruised to a victory in the GOP primary for governor .
" Susana Martinez 's historic nomination is great news for New Mexico , " said Republican Governors Association spokesman Tim Murtaugh . "
Martinez will face Lt. Gov. Diane Denish , who was unopposed for the Democratic nomination , in the fall .
With Felicia Sonmez
William Lane Craig ’s Debates ( Reviews )
William Lane Craig is a prolific Christian philosopher , apologist , author , and public debater .
He is the best debater – on any topic – that I ’ve ever heard .
As far as I can tell , he has won nearly all his debates with atheists .
When debating him , atheists have consistently failed to put forward solid arguments , and consistently failed to point out the flaws in Craig ’s arguments .
I ’m not the only one who thinks Craig has won nearly all his debates .
For some atheists , it is rather maddening .
Craig is a skilled debater , an encyclopedia of facts and quotes , and a careful rhetorician .
If you make a logical mistake , Craig knows exactly how to skewer you for it ( and for this , I respect him ) .
He holds prepared and persuasive responses to everything an atheist might say , and atheists usually fail to clearly point out the logical flaws in what Craig has to say .
Also , Craig does a great job of summarizing the points and counterpoints that have been raised during a debate , and presents them in a way to show he has decisively won .
His opponents are never that organized or clear .
This is especially embarrassing for atheists because Craig ’s arguments and debates are easily available , and he uses the same arguments all the time .
So it should be easy for atheists to prepare for a debate with Craig .
Atheists underestimate Craig .
They think it will be easy to win an argument with anyone who has a wish - granting invisible friend .
Atheists do not properly prepare for Craig ’s arguments , and they do not prepare for his remarkable skill and experience in live debates .
Personally , I ’d like to thank Dr. Craig for raising the level of debate on this issue .
Though he makes many patently absurd arguments , they are no less absurd than some of the bad arguments made by his opponents , and they are usually more relevant to the central point .
Atheists tend to ramble on about irrelevant topics when they debate Dr. Craig .
Below , I ’ve written quick reviews for each of Craig ’s recorded debates .
( Not updated to cover his 2009 debates .
Also see my reviews of his debates with Mike Begon and Shelly Kagan . )
Craig ’s debates – the good
Craig vs. Sinnott - Armstrong [ book ]
A superb debate .
Craig and Sinnott - Armstrong took statements from two of their debates , then clarified and expanded them to form the back - and - forth chapters of this book .
Sinnott - Armstrong is the only one who comes close to Craig ’s degree of organization , and he starts off with a bang by pointing out 3 major problems that are common to all Craig ’s arguments .
Craig vs. Dacey [ video ]
Craig gives his usual arguments .
Dacey responds with 5 facts that fit better with atheism than with theism : the hiddenness of God , the success of science , the mind - brain connection , evolution , and the abundance of pointless suffering .
Craig says that it ’s possible to fit all these with Christian theism .
Dacey responds to the First Cause argument by saying that some scientists think the Big Bang does not explain the initial bang , but rather what happened after the bang .
That ’s true , but there are better arguments against First Cause arguments , and Craig easily dispatches this weak complaint .
About fine - tuning , Dacey says we might someday in the future discover how physical properties emerged from simple rules .
There are so many good arguments against fine - tuning , and again Dacey chooses just about the weakest counter - argument he could have picked .
Dacey does a better job of responding to Craig ’s arguments from morality and the Resurrection , but he does n’t have enough time to more fully rebut them .
In general , Dacey does a better job of being clear and organized than most of Craig ’s other opponents , but in the end Craig is still more organized and had good - sounding responses to Dacey ’s arguments that Dacey did n’t get a chance to rebut .
Craig vs. Dacey ( 2 ) [ audio ]
Dacey gives the same arguments as in their previous debate , and Craig sticks to only 2 arguments : Kalam and the Resurrection .
Craig thoroughly rebuts Dacey ’s arguments , usually by a retreat to the possible , and Dacey does n’t really call him on it .
This debate is mostly a repeat of their previous debate , but a little better .
Craig seems to win this one simply by presenting more information and argument than Dacey does – basically , by talking faster .
Also , Dacey again misses lots of great responses to the Kalam argument , and instead focuses on a mathematical disagreement that ends with “ Yes it is . ”
“ No it ’s not . ” “ Yes it is . ” “ No it ’s not . ”
What a waste .
I would ignore the math ; it ’s irrelevant .
Craig vs. Price [ audio ]
A great debate between two people who really know their stuff .
Price does a good job of pointing out the dishonesty of Craig ’s approach , but as expected he does not organize his arguments as well as Craig and thereby loses .
Craig vs. Bradley [ audio , transcript ]
How can a good God torture forever those who ’ve never heard of him ?
This is a hard question for Craig to answer , and Bradley is a good debater – on both the emotional and intellectual levels .
Craig is beaten up pretty badly in the Q&A session .
This might be a debate that Craig lost .
It ’s too bad Bradley never clearly pointed out Craig ’s constant retreat to the possible with something like an analogy to Hitler : sure , it ’s logically possible that Hitler ’s genocide actually resulted in more moral good than evil , but are we rational to think so ?
Craig survived on the weakness of Bradley ’s final speech and the strength of his own .
It ’s too bad there ’s no video for this one , because both debaters frequently refer to slides .
Craig vs. Parsons [ audio ]
This is the other debate Craig may have lost .
He certainly lost it on logic , though he probably won on rhetoric and organization ( as he always does ) .
Parsons is full of logic , common sense , and passion .
Craig vs. Tabash [ audio , video ]
Tabash does a better job than most , but he spends more time attacking God ’s morality and peripheral doctrines like souls and hell than he does debating Craig ’s arguments for God ’s existence .
Craig vs. Stenger [ audio ]
A good debate in which Stenger does n’t let Craig get away with as much bullshit as he usually does , but Craig still wins due to superior skill , speed , and organization .
Craig ’s debates – the bad
Craig vs. Zindler [ audio , video ]
Zindler makes some great points , but he suffers due to the superior organization and rhetoric of Craig ’s presentation , which shows most of Zindler ’s points to be irrelevant to the immediate topic of the debate .
If you make mistakes like this , Craig will make you pay for them .
Craig vs. Crossley [ audio , video ]
Craig makes his own well - developed case for the Resurrection of Jesus , and then there is some good historical back - and - forth between the two .
Again , Craig wins by way of superior organization and rhetoric .
Craig vs. Brown [ audio ]
At first , Brown rambles and says very little that is relevant to the question “ Does God exist ? ”
Craig has the playing field all to himself .
Brown stands on the sidelines , watching Craig do slam dunks and yelling “ You suck ! ”
By his second speech , Brown begins to engage in the debate , but he cannot possibly catch up .
Craig vs. Shook [ audio , video ]
Both Shook and Craig make bad arguments here , but Craig does a better job of exposing Shook ’s bad arguments , especially when Shook talks about naturalism and morality .
Craig vs. Slezak [ audio , video ]
Slezak starts off strong , but then starts to lose quickly , and in his summary he forgets to remind his audience of all the good points he made up front .
Craig vs. Cavin [ audio ]
Surprisingly , one of Craig ’s most interesting debates is with someone who defends the idea that Jesus ’ Resurrection was faked by an unknown identical twin .
Cavin does a decent job showing why Craig ’s magical Resurrection hypothesis is even more ad - hoc and implausible than alternative theories , but Craig ’s rebuttals show why he is one of the best debaters in the world .
In his first rebuttal , Craig demolishes about 20 different points made by Cavin – in a clear , convincing , well - organized way – in the space of 8 minutes .
Cavin ca n’t possibly keep up with that .
Craig vs. Ahmed [ audio ]
Ahmed opens quite well .
His response to Craig ’s moral argument , in particular , is perfect : “ Dr. Craig says that objective moral values exist , and I think we all know it .
Now that might pass for an argument at Talbot Theological Seminary , and it might pass for an argument in the White House , but this is Cambridge , and it will not pass for an argument here . ”
But starting with Craig ’s first rebuttal , Craig starts to pull ahead due to his superior organization , denser content , and better rhetoric .
Craig vs. Avalos [ audio ]
Craig begins by embarrassing Avalos by showing how Avalos combated a previous opponent by demanding that he be able to recognize Biblical manuscripts by sight – which is not how scholars work with Biblical texts anyway .
Avalos comes out swinging , citing very specific parts of Craig ’s work and trying to put Craig in uneasy situations .
Craig responds calmly and confidently , and reminds the audience that almost nothing Avalos has said ( 1 ) builds a case against the Resurrection , nor ( 2 ) rebuts the arguments Craig gave in this debate .
Avalos focuses on a linguistic disagreement with Craig – but of course nobody in the audience can tell who is right , and it was n’t even part of Craig ’s case in the debate .
Also , Avalos is kind of a dick at certain times , which does n’t help him .
His language attacks Craig more than Craig ’s arguments .
After Craig gives his final speech , Avalos jumps in on Craig ’s applause and says , without any humor , “ I very much appreciate your applause for me , thank you . ”
Smooth , Avalos .
Craig vs. Kurtz [ audio ]
As usual , Craig argues against the moral ontology of atheistic philosophy , while Kurtz defends the view that nevertheless , atheists can choose to live morally .
They are two ships passing in the night .
Craig vs. Draper [ audio ]
Draper makes a semi - weak case for naturalism , which Craig further weakens .
Draper is unable to properly address all of Craig ’s arguments .
As usual , Craig wins with superior debating skill .
Craig vs. Ehrman [ audio , video , transcript ]
Craig gives his usual case for the Resurrection .
Ehrman mostly argues against the historicity of miracles , and spends very little time refuting Craig ’s points .
But perhaps because Ehrman keeps his case very simple , he ends up sounding more convincing than many of his predecessors .
The first question in the Q&A is from up - and - coming apologist Mike Licona .
Craig vs. Hoover [ audio ]
Hoover does a good job of rebutting Craig ’s claims , but again Craig wins on superior organization .
Craig vs. de Souza [ video , audio ]
de Souza is a good rhetorician , but Craig is both a good rhetorician and a careful logician .
Craig is , once again , better practiced and prepared for anything de Souza can say .
Craig vs. Nielsen [ transcript ]
This debate on the problem of evil starts out okay , but then Craig brings out his moral argument which , once again , his atheist opponent has no proper response to at all .
Craig ’s debates – the ugly
Craig vs. Flew [ audio , video , book ]
Craig gives his standard arguments ( Kalam , fine - tuning , morality , Resurrection , personal revelation ) .
Flew , instead of rebutting Craig ’s arguments , goes on a weak , rambling rant about how we ca n’t know about things outside the universe , and about how eternal torture is bad .
Flew ’s talks are so confused he seems downright senile .
Craig vs. Cooke [ audio , video ]
Craig produces his usual arguments .
Cooke does not try to disprove God , but instead argues that religious belief is a “ barrier , ” that it is arrogant , etc .
Like many debates , Craig focuses on rational argument , and his opponent focuses on polemic .
Craig vs. Spong [ audio , video ]
Spong is a preacher , not a rational debater .
He ’s great to listen to , but he ’s no match for Craig in tight , logical debate .
Craig vs. DiCarlo [ video ]
The topic here is not God ’s existence , but : “ Does God matter ? ”
So , Craig focuses mostly on his “ absurdity of life without God ” material .
DiCarlo seems confused about the topic , for he argues that , “ God does n’t matter because God does n’t exist . ”
The whole debate is a mess , with lots of rambling and odd tangents – mostly the fault of DiCarlo .
Craig vs. Edwards [ audio ]
Not a debate , but a back - and - forth discussion .
Edwards asks tough questions , Craig has answers .
Craig vs. Edwards ( 2 ) [ audio ]
Again , Edwards is clearly not prepared to take on such a formidable opponent .
Craig vs. Antony [ audio 1 2 , video 1 2 ]
Craig covers more ground and is of course better organized .
Also ,
Antony never even bothers to defend her position that objective moral values exist without God .
What is her meta-ethical theory ?
She never says !
Craig vs. Atkins [ audio , video , videotape ]
Atkins is more interested in lecturing about the nature and glory of science than in debating the existence of God .
Atkins also does himself no favors by speaking with condescension .
Craig vs. Drange [ audio , video ]
Drange makes almost no case , talking about “ hyper- universes ” and other weirdness , and Craig walks all over him .
Of course , Craig ’s arguments are equally bizarre , but Drange does not do a good job of showing why .
Craig vs. Borg [ audio ]
Borg lectures about metaphor and the nature of the gospels , not once engaging the evidence for or against the Resurrection .
Craig has the debate all to himself .
Craig vs. Barrier [ audio ]
Barrier is polemical and incoherent – especially when talking about morality .
Barrier has no college degree – which is n’t necessarily bad – but it really shows here .
Craig walks all over him .
Craig vs. Dayton [ audio ]
A debate on the problem of evil .
Dayton has little to say , because he does n’t think that the problem of evil disproves God , or even that it should persuade Christians !
He makes some good points , and shows some good humor , but of course Craig makes more points , with better rhetoric and organization .
Craig vs. Ludermann [ audio ]
Here it is clear that another of Craig ’s advantages is his skill at compressing his arguments .
Ludermann says very little in his opening 20 minutes compared to Craig , and never really engages Craig ’s arguments .
In fact , Ludermann never explains his theory about the Resurrection , so Craig does it for him and then thoroughly smashes it !
Meanwhile , Ludermann continues to mumble about assorted points , and does n’t make it clear how any of them relate to the question of whether the Resurrection actually happened or not .
Craig vs. Ludermann ( 2 ) [ audio ]
Here , Ludermann performs just as poorly as in his previous debate with Craig .
Craig vs. Crossan [ audio , book ]
Crossan lectures , Craig argues .
In the Q&A period , Crossan is particularly incoherent and evasive , refusing to answer such simple factual questions as , “ During the Jurassic period , when there were no humans , did God exist ? ”
Craig vs. Hardin [ audio ]
Hardin lectures and gives memoirs , whereas Craig debates .
Craig wins , hands - down .
Craig vs. Morgentaler [ audio ]
Morgentaler clearly has little experience in debate , and does not accept the structure and logic of debate .
Craig walks all over him .
Craig vs. Washington [ transcript ]
Washington makes a few good points , but takes too long to make them , and makes them in a rather informal way that looks bad next to Craig ’s clear and solid rhetoric .
Craig vs. Jesseph [ transcript ]
A very typical debate in which Craig ’s opponent is not prepared for Craig ’s skill , speed , or organization , and things just get worse for Jesseph as things go along and he falls further and further behind .
Craig vs. Curley [ transcript ]
Curley barely touches the question of the existence of God , instead preferring to argue about specific theological doctrines instead , and so Craig ’s position remains mostly untouched by the end of the debate .
Craig vs. Pigliucci [ transcript ]
Another typical debate in which Craig ’s skills totally smash his opponent .
Atheists seem to think they need not prepare for a debate with Craig because he is just another wacko with an invisible friend who grants him magical wishes .
I think they are all surprised by how plausible Craig can make such an absurd idea sound .
Craig vs. Tooley [ transcript ]
Tooley gets bogged down in very technical ( and actually , wrong ) objections to Craig ’s arguments – for example he denies the Big Bang .
Craig blows past him .
Craig vs. Smith [ transcript ]
Smith offers a highly technical response to Craig ’s typical cosmological argument , one I ’m not sure his audience could even appreciate .
Craig ’s superior rhetoric wins the day .
Craig vs. Smith ( 2 ) [ transcript ]
Even worse than the previous debate .
Smith spends lots of time on some technical details , and meanwhile Craig blasts through which is usual train of well - organized and solid - sounding arguments , with a perfectly succinct and impressive rebuttal prepared for everything Smith could possibly say .
Craig vs. Taylor [ transcript ]
I do n’t even understand the point of this debate , since Taylor already agrees with Craig that ( 1 ) Christian theism has a coherent account of moral ontology ( Taylor just thinks it happens to be false ) , and that ( 2 ) atheistic morality is relative .
Taylor tries to defend the idea that relative moral values can actually be something like “ objective , ” and of course Craig destroys all such attempts .
Craig vs. Payton [ video , audio ]
The host of the debate has to wring Payton ’s neck to force him to offer actual arguments , whereas Craig is eager to demolish his opponent .
Not much of a debate , more of a scattered interview .
Craig vs. Wolpert [ video ]
Wolpert has no idea how to do a debate .
Wolpert is merely snarky , and Craig flogs him .
Summary
Craig has probably won all his debates .
He makes many bad arguments , but so do his atheist opponents .
It ’s the job of each contender to show the flaws in his opponents ’ arguments , and Craig consistently does this better than the atheists do .
He ’s also more skilled at debating .
Most atheist scholars are not experienced in debating , nor in being an apologist for atheism .
On the contrary , Craig is one of the best debaters in the world , and has decades of experience with Christian apologetics .
Of course , another possible explanation for Craig ’s success is that his arguments are sound , and God does exist .
But I do n’t think so , and in a later post I ’ll show why .
I ’ll show how to properly respond to Craig ’s arguments .
Note : I have not reviewed Craig ’s debates with Muslims , since they are less interesting to me .
There are several things in life that you already know and have learned but you seem to forget it because no one tells and reminds you of them .
Illustrator Alex from Barcelona has introduced these type of statements by making cute and funny illustrations .
You will probably agree with a lot of them .
Speaking of illustrations , another artist has used them to try to express how “ the perfect world ” could be .
An illustration is a displayed visualization form presented as a drawing , painting , photograph or other work of art that is created to elucidate or dictate sensual information ( such as a story , poem or newspaper article ) by providing a visual representation graphically .
Attention conservation notice .
Equivalent Haskell and Python programs are presented for retrieving values from a data structure using state .
We then refactor the Haskell program into one that has no state , just a monoid .
A pretty frequent thing a working programmer needs to do is extract some values ( frequently more than one ) from some data structure , possibly while keeping track of extra metadata .
I found myself writing this code the other day :
getPublicNames :: Module -> State ( Map Name ( Set ModuleName ) ) () getPublicNames ( Module _ m _ _ ( Just exports ) _ _ ) = mapM_ handleExport exports where handleExport x = case x of EVar ( UnQual n ) -> add n EAbs ( UnQual n ) -> add n EThingAll ( UnQual n ) -> add n EThingWith ( UnQual n ) cs -> add n >> mapM_ handleCName cs _ -> return ( ) handleCName x = case x of VarName n -> add n ConName n -> add n add n = modify ( Map.insertWith Set.union n ( Set.singleton m ) ) getPublicNames _ = return ()
Briefly , getPublicNames traverses the Module data structure looking for " public names " , and every time it finds a name , it inserts it records that the current module contained that name .
This lets me efficiently ask the question , " How many ( and which ) modules use FOO name ? "
A transcription in Python might look like :
def getPublicNames ( module , ret=None ) : if not ret : ret = defaultdict ( set ) if module .
exports is None : return ret for export in module .
exports : if isinstance ( export , EVar ) or \ isinstance ( export , EAbs ) or \ isinstance ( export , EThingAll ) : ret[export.name].add(module.name ) elif isinstance ( export , EThingWith ) : ret[export.name].add(module.name ) for cname in export.cnames : ret[export.name].add(cname.name ) return ret
There a number of cosmetic differences between these two versions :
The Python version takes in pre-existing state optionally ; otherwise it does the initialization and is referentially transparent .
The Haskell version has no such notion of default state ; we trust that the user can run the state monad with a simple runState .
The Python version takes advantage of duck - typing to reduce code ; I 've also played fast and loose with the hypothetical object - oriented equivalent data structure .
The Python version does n't have it 's code separated into handleExport and handleCname , although we certainly could have with a few more inline functions .
But other than that , they pretty much read and operate precisely the same way , by mutating state .
The Python version is also pretty much the end of the road ; besides pushing the functions into their member objects , I believe there is no more " Pythonic " way to do it .
The Haskell version is making me itchy though ...
We 're never reading out state !
This is a tell - tale sign that we should be using a Writer monad , not a State monad .
There is a slight technical difficulty , though : Writer requires that the value being " logged " is a Monoid , and while , in theory , Map k ( Set a ) certainly has a a Monoid instance that does what we mean , the general Monoid instance for Map k v does n't cut it .
Recall that a monoid describes data that I can " append " together to form another version of that data .
For a SetMap ,
We want a monoid instance that takes two SetMap structures and and unions the map , resolving duplicate by unioning those sets .
By default , we get a monoid instance that takes two Map structures and unions the map , preferring the original value when a conflict occurs and discarding the rest .
Newtype to the rescue .
A newtype is in order .
We 'll call it SetMap .
The recipe to follow for cooking up the newtype is as follows :
First , you need a newtype declaration .
Explicitly naming the field in record syntax as unDataType is idiomatic , and invokes " unwrapping " the newtype wrapper from the object :
newtype SetMap k v = SetMap { unSetMap :: Map k ( Set v ) }
Next , you write the special type class instances you are interested in .
( And possibly use deriving ... to pull in any old , default instances that are still good ) .
instance ( Ord k , Ord v ) => Monoid ( SetMap k v ) where mempty = SetMap Map.empty mappend ( SetMap a ) ( SetMap b ) = SetMap $ Map.unionWith Set.union a b mconcat = SetMap .
Map.unionsWith Set.union . map unSetMap
Perhaps some helper functions are in order :
setMapSingleton :: ( Ord k , Ord v ) => k -> v -> SetMap k v setMapSingleton k v = SetMap $ Map.singleton k ( Set.singleton v)
And voila !
getPublicNames :: Module -> Writer ( SetMap Name ModuleName ) ( ) getPublicNames ( Module _ m _ _ ( Just exports ) _ _ ) = mapM_ handleExport exports where handleExport x = case x of EVar ( UnQual n ) -> add n EAbs ( UnQual n ) -> add n EThingAll ( UnQual n ) -> add n EThingWith ( UnQual n ) cs -> add n >> mapM_ handleCName cs _ -> return ( ) handleCName x = case x of VarName n -> add n ConName n -> add n add n = tell ( setMapSingleton n m ) -- * getPublicNames _ = return ()
Wait , we made our code more specific , and somehow it got longer !
Perhaps , gentle reader , you might be slightly reassured by the fact that the new SetMap support code , which forms the bulk of what we wrote , is highly general and reusable , and , excluding that code , we 've slightly reduced the code from add n = modify ( Map.insertWith Set.union n ( Set.singleton m ) ) to add n = tell ( setMapSingleton n m ) .
Perhaps more importantly , we 've now indicated to an enduser a new contract for this function : we will only ever write values out , and not change them .
Why were we using the monad again ?
Closer inspection further reveals that we 're never using bind ( >>= ) .
In fact , we 're not really using any of the power of a monad .
Let 's make our code even more specific :
--
This operator is going into base soon , I swear ! ( <>) = mappend getPublicNames :: Module -> SetMap Name ModuleName getPublicNames ( Module _ m _ _ ( Just exports ) _ _ ) = foldMap handleExport exports where handleExport x = case x of EVar ( UnQual n ) -> make n EAbs ( UnQual n ) -> make n EThingAll ( UnQual n ) -> make n EThingWith ( UnQual n ) cs -> make n <> foldMap handleCName cs _ -> mempty handleCName x = case x of VarName n -> make n ConName n -> make n make n = setMapSingleton n m getPublicNames _ = mempty
There 's not much of a space change , but users of this function now no longer need to execWriter ; they can use the output right off the back ( although they might need to unpack it eventually with unSetMap .
Technically , we never needed the monoid .
In particular , setMapSingleton is forcing our code to cater to SetMap , and not Monoids in general ( that would n't really make any sense , either .
Perhaps the notion of a " Pointed " Monoid would be useful ) .
So we could have just written out all of our functions explicitly ; more likely , we could have defined another set of helper functions to keep code size down .
But you should still use the monoid .
Monoids act certain ways ( e.g. the monoid laws ) and have a canonical set of functions that operate on them .
By using those functions , you allow other people who have worked with monoids to quickly reason about your code , even if they 're not familiar with your specific monoid .
Postscript .
I refactored real code while writing this blog post ; none of the examples were contrived .
I was originally planning on writing about " You ai n't gonna need it " and Haskell abstractions , but fleshing out this example ended up being a bit longer than I expected .
Maybe next time ...
Post - postscript .
Anders Kaseorg writes in to mention that SetMap has been implemented in several places ( Criterion . MultiMap , Holumbus.Data.MultiMap ) , but it has n't been put in a particularly general library .
Now to add a lining so the stuffing will stay in the head and the baby wo n't get scratched by all of the open seams .
My head lining was a fail , so I need to offer better advice .
It seems obvious to me now that you need to but a hood shape into it .
At the moment of execution , though , I was baffled .
Consequently , there was n't enough room for baby 's head and we had to make an emergency field operation .
Cut a hood shape out of some fleece ( or knit , something soft ) , and seam along the center back .
To line the body , I turned the bear inside out and pinned fabric all along it .
I cut off the excess and created one large dart along the heiney area .
To finish , use a smallish whipstitch .
You could get this under your machine , but I thought it might be more hassle than it was worth .
I also sewed a circle of felt behind the belly .
RELATED :
NEW YORK – The United Nations Human Rights Council passed Wednesday a resolution condemning Israel ’s interception of a Gaza - bound flotilla and calling for a Goldstone - like inquiry into the deadly military operation .
During a second bruising day of debate in Geneva , the 47 - member body passed the resolution with a majority vote of 32 .
The United States voted against the Palestinian - backed document and several European countries abstained .
The resolution accuses Israel of violating international law and calls for the immediate lifting of Israel ’s blockade on Gaza .
It also calls for an independent fact - finding inquiry , similar to one mandated by the Human Rights Council , which resulted in the Goldstone report .
Prior to the vote , nongovernmental organizations addressed the Council .
Citing Israel ’s offer to transfer the flotilla ’s cargo to Gaza , Hillel Neuer , executive director of UN Watche , said the flotilla activists and organizers “ wanted to create a political provocation ; they were looking for a physical confrontation . ”
He also noted the use of metal bars , knives and guns by activists aboard the ship .
“ Is this a humanitarian state of mind ? ” he asked .
On Tuesday , Israeli ambassador Leshno Yaar told Council members , “ The attack on Israeli soldiers was beyond all doubt premeditated . ”
Israeli commandos acting in self - defense , and Israel was justified , under international law , to intercept boats breaching its naval blockade .
But Palestinian ambassador , Imad Zuhairi , told the Council , “ Israel believes it is above the law .
” Earlier Tuesday , the UN Security Council condemned the Israeli military operation during an emergency session in New York .
The Security Council requested the immediate release of ships and civilians detained by Israel and called for a “ prompt , impartial , credible and transparent investigation conforming to international standards .
” Afterward , American officials said many questions remain about what happened leading up to , and during , the Israeli naval raid .
But US diplomats expressed full confidence in Israel to investigate fully .
“ We think the Israelis are capable of doing a full investigation , ” Alejandro Wolff , US deputy permanent representative to the UN , told reporters in New York .
Supplies are dwindling and governments need to act now to introduce low - carbon transport , says Sir David King
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Britain 's former chief scientist has attacked politicians and industry experts who have their " heads in the sand " over dwindling oil supplies .
Sir David King said governments , including the UK's , were too eager to believe the optimistic predictions of economists who tell them that " oil will be squeezed out of the ground pretty much forever " .
King , the government 's chief scientific adviser from 2000 to 2007 , is now director of the Smith School of Enterprise and the Environment in Oxford .
He said : " That 's what governments want to hear and that 's what they do hear , and I think the British government as much as many others . "
He added that those with a " vested interest " repeatedly overstated how much accessible oil remains in the ground .
Conventional oil reserves are about 30 % lower than widely reported , he said .
Established oil sources were becoming harder to exploit , he said , leading to wider use of unconventional sources such as deepwater drilling , with environmental impacts including those seen with the Deepwater Horizon spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
He said oil demand would overtake production capacity as soon as 2015 , which would drive up the price further .
King was speaking to journalists ahead of a conference on low - carbon transport .
He said the transport sector contributed a " very significant proportion " of carbon emissions and relied heavily on fossil fuels , such as kerosene , to keep planes flying .
While transport is seen as the most difficult sector to decarbonise , action needs to be taken immediately to keep people and goods moving while reducing reliance on fossil fuels , he said .
" I can't overemphasise the importance of persuading governments to focus attention on what 's going to be a very significant issue as we move into the next decade .
" It is down to government to steer us towards a defossilised economy using the regulatory and financial incentives available .
" The technologies do already exist to deliver low - carbon transport , but we need to incentivise the private sector to deliver these solutions to the marketplace . "
Oliver Inderwildi , lead author on a report on low carbon transport published by the Smith School , said : " Eventually the era of cheap oil will be over and alternative fuels , the electrification of road transportation , fuel cells and the hydrogen economy will all play their role in providing low carbon mobility . "
Newly revealed documents suggest that Apple could launch Safari 5 with a new " Reader " feature , the addition of Bing search support and expanded HTML5 support .
In addition , evidence of the final release of Mac OS X 10.6.4 has also surfaced [ Update : Xcode 4 , too ] .
French website MacGeneration reported Saturday images of new English - language support documents alleged to be from Apple , containing a list of features in Safari 5 .
It suggests the software update will include 25 percent faster JavaScript performance than Safari 4 and DNS prefetching to speed up browsing .
The document also mentions a new feature , Safari Reader , which adds a Reader icon to the browser and allows users to view articles " in a single , clutter - free page . "
Expanded HTML5 support will reportedly add over a dozen new features , including Geolocation , full screen and closed captions for HTML5 video , and more .
The update will also allegedly feature new tools that aim to help developers , including a Timeline Panel in the Web Inspector , identifying areas for optimization .
Other features mentioned in the documents include smarter address fields , hardware acceleration for Safari on Windows , search history with date , a " Private Browsing " icon , and improved page caching .
Safari 4 was released just less than a year ago , on June 8 , 2009 .
Apple dubbed it the " world 's fastest browser , " saying it ran JavaScript 4.5 times faster than its predecessor .
It is available for both Mac and Windows .
MacGeneration also reported Saturday that Mac OS X 10.6.4 will see release from Apple this week .
The site also had a screenshot of a list of features from an English - language document .
It features the same list of improvements that have been seen in the beta builds of the Snow Leopard operating system seeded by Apple to developers .
The update will allegedly resolve an issue that causes the keyboard or trackpad to become unresponsive , fix a problem that prevented Adobe Creative Suite 3 applications from opening , and addresses a playback issue in DVD Player when using Good Quality deinterlacing , among other fixes .
Halfway through his Presidency , George W. Bush called on the country to build “ an ownership society . ”
He trumpeted the soaring rate of U.S. homeownership , and extolled the virtues of giving individuals more control over their own financial lives .
It was a comforting vision , but , as we now know , behind it was a bleak reality — bad subprime loans , mountains of credit - card debt , and shrinking pensions — reflecting a simple fact : when it comes to financial matters , many Americans have been left without a clue .
Illustration by Christoph Niemann
The depth of our financial ignorance is startling .
In recent years , Annamaria Lusardi , an economist at Dartmouth and the head of the Financial Literacy Center , has conducted extensive studies of what Americans know about finance .
It ’s depressing work .
Almost half of those surveyed could n’t answer two questions about inflation and interest rates correctly , and slightly more sophisticated topics baffle a majority of people .
Many people do n’t know the terms of their mortgage or the interest rate they ’re paying .
And , at a time when we ’re borrowing more than ever , most Americans ca n’t explain what compound interest is .
Financial illiteracy is n’t new , but the consequences have become more severe , because people now have to take so much responsibility for their financial lives .
Pensions have been replaced with 401 ( k ) s ; many workers have to buy their own health insurance ; and so on .
The financial marketplace , meanwhile , has become a dizzying emporium of choice and easy credit .
The decisions are more numerous and complex than ever before .
As Lusardi puts it , “ It ’s like we ’ve opened a faucet , and told people they can draw as much water as they want , and it ’s up to them to decide when they ’ve had enough .
But we have n’t given people the tools to decide how much is too much . ”
Unsurprisingly , the less people know , the more they run into trouble .
Gary Rivlin ’s blistering new examination of the subprime economy , “ Broke , U.S.A. , ” is full of stories of financially ignorant people bamboozled into making bad decisions — refinancing out of low - interest mortgages , say , or buying overpriced credit insurance — by a consumer finance industry adept at creating confusing products .
Such stories are backed up by the numbers .
A study by economists at the Atlanta Fed found that thirty per cent of people in the lowest quartile of financial literacy thought they had a fixed - rate mortgage when in fact they had an adjustable - rate one .
A study of subprime borrowers in the Northeast found that , of the people who scored in the bottom quartile on a very basic test of calculation skills , a full twenty per cent had been foreclosed on , compared with just five per cent of those in the top quartile .
What can be done ?
One solution is regulation : the financial - reform bill now before Congress will create a consumer financial - protection agency that should help curb the finance industry ’s most predatory excesses .
Another solution is to tinker with “ choice architecture ” — doing things like enrolling people in 401 ( k ) s automatically — in order to “ nudge ” them toward better decisions .
Both of these strategies are necessary , but they ’re not enough on their own , because financially illiterate consumers are always going to be easy victims .
We also urgently need proper financial education .
This seems obvious , but it ’s surprisingly controversial .
Some suggest that financial illiteracy is an example of what economists call “ rational ignorance ” — inattention that is justified because the costs of paying attention outweigh the benefits .
But few decisions affect us more directly than the ones we make about our money .
Critics also argue that financial education may make people overconfident , and therefore more likely to make bad decisions .
In fact , the reverse is true : the less people know , the more overconfident in their abilities they tend to be .
In a German study , eighty per cent of those surveyed described themselves as confident in their answers on a questionnaire , yet only forty - two per cent got even half the questions right .
This is known as the Dunning - Kruger effect : people who do n’t know much tend not to recognize their ignorance , and so fail to seek better information .
No wonder , then , that the least knowledgeable people in the Atlanta Fed study were also the least likely to do research before getting a mortgage .
By contrast , well - informed people are more likely to ask others for help .
If financial education taught people only how little they actually know , it would accomplish quite a lot .
The government ’s new consumer - protection agency has the authority to “ review and streamline ” financial literacy programs , but that ’s not enough .
We really need something more like a financial equivalent of drivers ’ ed .
There ’s evidence that just improving basic calculation skills and inculcating a few key concepts could make a significant difference .
One study of the few states that have mandated financial education in schools found that it had a surprisingly large impact on savings rates .
And the Center for American Progress has found that , across the country , education and counselling by nonprofit organizations , like the Massachusetts Affordable Housing Alliance , have helped low - income families buy and hold onto homes , even during the housing bubble .
The point is n’t to turn the average American into Warren Buffett but to help people avoid disasters and day - to - day choices that eat away at their bank accounts .
The difference between knowing a little about your finances and knowing nothing can amount to hundreds of thousands of dollars over a lifetime .
And , as the past ten years have shown us , the cost to society can be far greater than that . ♦
BP has come under further pressure after one of its partners said the oil giant should foot the entire bill for the damage caused by the Gulf of Mexico spill .
Anadarko Petroleum , which owns a quarter of the ruptured Deepwater Horizon well , refused to accept any blame for the explosion that killed 11 workers and led to the US 's worst environmental disaster .
The company 's chairman and chief executive , Jim Hackett , said in a statement BP 's actions probably amounted to " gross negligence or wilful misconduct " .
BP 's chief executive Tony Hayward , who was grilled about the disaster by Congress for seven hours on Thursday , said he " strongly disagreed " with the allegation and expected the firm 's partners to " live up to their obligations " .
The spat between the two companies came as industry experts warned that the out - of - control well will go on spewing oil into the Gulf of Mexico for the next two years or more if all attempts to contain or plug the gusher fail .
The estimates , based on new figures supplied by Hayward , suggest the potential environmental and economic devastation would far outstrip the damage done so far by the ruptured well , which has been spewing for 60 days .
Hayward told a Congressional committee on Thursday that the reservoir still held 50 m barrels , providing fresh urgency to efforts to contain the oil , or seal off the gusher completely with a relief well .
Using the government 's present flow estimates of up to 60,000 barrels a day , BP 's well could go on gushing for two to four years , unless it is stopped .
BP and the US government say they are containing a rising share of the oil from the well , and hope to plug the gusher completely by August , when two relief wells will be complete .
BP said today the relief wells were within 60 metres of the ruptured well .
The consequences of failure are enormous .
" If it went on uncontrolled , it could certainly leak for two years and certainly longer than that , " said Philip Johnson , a professor of petroleum engineering at the University of Alabama .
But he said the rate of the leak would fall sharply once the natural gas in the reservoir is exhausted .
" That is the driving force , " he said .
" As soon as that is gone , it wo n't leak at any serious rate . "
Yesterday , BP 's chairman Carl - Henric Svanberg said Hayward had been relieved of day - to - day control of the spill and that the company 's managing director Bob Dudley would take over .
Svanberg admitted the oil rig explosion was a " tragic one " which " should never have happened " .
He denied claims by the Russian president Dmitry Medvedev that BP faced possible " annihilation " over the spill .
" I think we have to put everything in perspective , of course this is a huge thing , it is a huge setback for BP [ but ] the company is strong , the company has strong underlying performance , strong cash flow , strong operations , " Svanberg said .
Hayward has pledged that BP will foot the entire clean - up bill but insisted it is " too early to say " what caused the massive spill .
Over a twenty year span , starting when Prozac came on the market in 1987 , the number of people on government disability due to mental illness went from 1.25 million to more than 4 million today .
There has been a 35 - fold increase in the number of children disabled by mental illness who receive federal disability payments , rising from 16,200 in 1987 , to 561,569 in 2007 .
These statistics come from a new book titled , " Anatomy of an Epidemic : Magic Bullets , Psychiatric Drugs , and the Astonishing Rise of Mental Illness , in America , " by award winning journalist , Robert Whitaker , who also authored " Mad in America . "
For the book , Whitaker reviewed 50 years of outcomes in the medical literature , for adults with schizophrenia , anxiety , depression , and bipolar illness , and the childhood disorders of ADHD , depression and juvenile bipolar disorder , to see whether medications had altered the long - term course of the disorders and whether drugs could bring on new or more severe psychiatric symptoms .
His intent was to assess whether this paradigm of care increased the risk that a person would become chronically ill , or ill with disabling symptoms , he reports in his " Mad in America " blog , on the Psychology Today website .
" Although we , as a society , believe that psychiatric medications have " revolutionized " the treatment of mental illness , the disability numbers suggest a very different possibility , " he wrote in the April 28 , 2010 , Huffington Post .
On April 29 , 2010 , Alternet published an interview with Whitaker by Dr Bruce Levine , with the headline question of , " Are Prozac and Other Psychiatric Drugs Causing the Astonishing Rise of Mental Illness in America ? "
The " literature is remarkably consistent in the story it tells , " Whitaker told Levine .
" Although psychiatric medications may be effective over the short term , they increase the likelihood that a person will become chronically ill over the long term . "
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 | 10 | 11
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Bogus , Misdirected and Effective
The Tea Party movement is steeped in misinformation and denial .
But it has a lot to teach the left .
By George Monbiot .
Published in the Guardian 14th June 2010
In the Netherlands a movement based on paranoia and the fleecing of the poor looks set to join the government .
In the United States one of the biggest exercises in false consciousness the world has ever seen – people gathering in their millions to lobby unwittingly for a smaller share of the nation ’s wealth – has become the playmaker in Republican primaries .
The radical right is seizing its chance .
But where is the radical left ?
Both the Freedom Party in the Netherlands and the Tea Party in the US base their political programmes on misinformation and denial .
But as political forces they are devastatingly effective .
The contrast to the leftwing meetings I ’ve attended over the past two years could n’t be starker .
They are cerebral , cogent , realistic – and little of substance has emerged from them .
The rightwing movements thrive on their contradictions , the leftwing movements drown in them .
Tea Party members who proclaim their rugged individualism will follow a bucket on a broomstick if it has the right label , and engage in the herd behaviour they claim to deplore .
The left , by contrast , talks of collective action but indulges instead in possessive individualism .
Instead of coming together to fight common causes , leftwing meetings today consist of dozens of people promoting their own ideas , and proposing that everyone else should adopt them .
It would be wrong to characterise the Tea Party movement as being mostly working class .
The polls suggest that its followers have an income and college education rate slightly above the national mean ( 1 ) .
But it is the only rising political movement in the US which enjoys major working class support .
It voices the resentments of those who sense that they have been shut out of American life .
Yet it campaigns for policies that threaten to exclude them further .
The Contract from America for which Tea Party members voted demands that the US adopt a single - rate tax system , repeal Obama ’s health care legislation and sustain George W Bush ’s reductions in income tax , capital gains tax and inheritance tax ( 2 ) .
The beneficiaries of these policies are corporations and the ultra - wealthy .
Those who will be hurt by them are angrily converging on state capitals to demand that they are implemented .
The Tea Party protests began after the business journalist Rick Santelli broadcast an attack from the floor of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange on the government ’s plan to help impoverished people whose mortgages had fallen into arrears ( 3 ) .
To cheers from the traders at the exchange , he proposed that they should hold a tea party to dump derivative securities in Lake Michigan in protest at Obama ’s intention – in Santelli ’s words – to “ subsidise the losers ” .
( I urge you to watch the broadcast – it is the most alarming example of cheap demagoguery you are likely to have seen .
It continues to be promoted by Santelli ’s employer , CNBC ( 4 ) ) .
The protests which claim to defend the interests of the working class began , in other words , with a call for a bankers ’ revolt against the undeserving poor .
They have been promoted by Fox News , owned by that champion of the underdog Rupert Murdoch , and lavishly funded by other billionaires ( 5 ) .
Its corporate backers wrap themselves in the complaints of the downtrodden : they are 21st Century Marie - Antoinettes , who dress up as dairymaids and propose that the poor subsist on a diet of laissez - faire .
Before this movement had a name , its contradictions were explored in Thomas Frank ’s seminal book What ’s the Matter with Kansas ?
(6 ) The genius of the new conservatism , Frank argues , is its “ systematic erasure of the economic ” .
It blames the troubles of the poor not on economic forces – corporate and class power , wage cuts , tax cuts , outsourcing – but on cultural forces .
The backlashers could believe that George W Bush was a man of the people by ignoring his family ’s wealth .
They can believe that the media is a liberal conspiracy only by forgetting about the corporations ( CNBC , Fox etc ) and the conservative billionaires who run it .
The movement depends on people never making the connection between , for example , “ mass culture , most of which conservatives hate , and laissez - faire capitalism , which they adore ” or “ the small towns they profess to love and the market forces that are slowly grinding those small towns back into the red - state dust . ”
The anger of the excluded is aimed instead at gay marriage , abortion , swearing on television and latte - drinking , French - speaking liberals .
The working class American right votes for candidates who rail against cultural degradation , but what it gets when they take power is a transfer of wealth from the poor to the rich .
In the Netherlands , Geert Wilders ’s Freedom Party performs a similar conjuring trick , persuading working and middle class voters that their real enemies are Muslims , while demanding tax cuts , abolition of the minimum wage and reductions in child benefits ( 7 ) .
It is only because of the general political doziness of the British electorate that such movements – despite the UK Independence Party ’s best efforts – have not yet taken off here .
Give them time .
Though most of what they claim is false , one of the accusations levelled by both the Freedom Party and the Tea Party rings true : the left is effete .
This highlights another contradiction in their philosophy : liberals are weak and spineless ; liberals are ruthless and all - powerful .
But never mind that : the left on both sides of the Atlantic has proved to be tongue - tied , embarrassed , unable to state simple economic truths , unable to name and confront the powers that oppress the working class .
It has left the field wide open to rightwing demagogues .
The great progressive cringe is only part of the problem ; we have also abandoned movement building in favour of Facebook politics .
We do n’t want to pursue a common purpose any more , instead we want our own ideas and identity to be applauded .
Where are the mass mobilisations in this country against the cuts , against the banks , against BP , unemployment , the lack of social housing , the endless war in Afghanistan ?
In the US the radical right is swiftly acquiring ownership of the Republican party .
In the UK the left is scarcely attempting a reclamation of the Labour Party , even as opportunity knocks .
Bogus and misdirected as the Tea Party movement is , in one respect it has an authenticity that the left lacks : it is angry and it ’s prepared to translate that anger into action .
It is marching , recruiting , unseating , replacing .
We talk , they act .
It strikes me that in the US the greater opportunities lie not in confronting the Tea Party movement but in turning it .
As its mixed responses to Sarah Palin and Ron Paul show ( 8 ) , it remains fluid and volatile .
There ’s an opening here for trades unionists to move in and agree that an elite is indeed depriving working people of their rights , but it is not an intellectual elite or a cultural elite or a liberal elite : it is an economic elite .
The radical right has something to teach us on this side of the Atlantic as well : the world is run by those who turn up .
www.monbiot.com
References :
1 . http://www.nytimes.com/2010/04/15/us/politics/15poll.html?src=me&ref=general
2 . http://www.contractfromamerica.com/Idea.aspx
It ’s interesting to note how the language has been changed to make these policies sound more acceptable .
The original text is here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tea_Party_movement
3 . http://www.cnbc.com/id/29283701/Rick_Santelli_s_Shout_Heard_Round_the_World
4. ibid .
5 . http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2009/08/15/AR2009081502696.html?nav=hcmodule&sid=ST2009081502700
6 . This was published in the UK with the title What ’s the Matter with America .
Secker and Warburg , 2004 .
7 . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Party_for_Freedom
8 . http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/cifamerica/2010/feb/28/obama-tea-party-republicans-opposition
About the author
( NewsTarget )
At the same time that our Surgeon General has declared we have an epidemic of obesity , our government is using our tax dollars to cater to special interests and to subsidize the very foods that are making us fat .
Thanks to lobbying , Congress chooses to subsidize foods that we 're supposed to eat less of .
Take a look at these numbers which tell how the percentage of federal food subsidies spending is allocated : * Meat / Dairy - 73.8 percent * Grains - 13.2 percent * Sugar / Oil / Starch / Alcohol - 10.7 percent * Nuts / Legumes - 1.9 percent * Vegetables / Fruits - 0.4 percentJust 2.3 percent of subsidies go to nuts , legumes , fruits and vegetables while 84.5 % goes to meat , dairy , sugar , oil , starch and alcohol .
Is it any wonder that a salad often costs you more than a Big Mac ?
The average 18 - year - old today is 15 pounds heavier than the average 18 year - old in the late 1970s .
The average woman in her 60s is 20 pounds heavier than in the late 1970s and the average 60s man is 25 pounds heavier .
With the exceptions of cookies , unhealthful foods have gotten a lot cheaper relative to everything else in the economy .
Sodas are 33 percent cheaper than they were in 1978 .
Butter is 29 percent cheaper and beer is 15 percent cheaper .
Fish , by contrast , is 2 percent more expensive .
Vegetables are 41 percent more expensive .
Fruits are 46 percent more expensive .
The price of oranges has more than doubled .
In 1978 a bag of oranges cost the same as one big bottle of soda .
Today that bag costs the same as three big bottles of soda .
Of course , there are surely other reasons why unhealthful foods are cheaper than healthful ones , but whatever the causes , healthful foods have gotten much more expensive relative to unhealthful ones .
A University of Washington study determined that a dollar buys 1200 calories of cookies or chips but only 250 calories of carrots .
For example , a package of Twinkies costs less than a bag of carrots .
Compared to carrots Twinkies are highly complicated .
Like most processed foods , they are basically an arrangement of carbohydrates and fats from corn , soybeans and wheat - three of the five crops the farm bill supports to the tune of $ 25 billion a year .
( Rice and cotton are the others . )
For the last several decades , U.S. agricultural policy has been designed in such a way as to promote the overproduction of these five commodities , especially corn and soy .
Soy , corn and wheat are also three of the most genetically modified crops in existence .
How is it that a pair of synthetic cream - filled pseudo - cakes cost less than a bag of carrots ?
Look no farther than the farm bill .
Despite an early pledge to cut Big Ag subsidies , Obama caved to special interests and the bill as written provides billions of dollars in subsidies , much of which goes to huge agribusinesses producing feed crops , such as corn and soy , which are then fed to animals .
By funding these crops , the government supports the production of meat and dairy products - the same products which contribute to our growing rates of obesity and chronic disease .
The farm bill also sets the rules for the American food system and governs what children are fed in schools , as well as what foods assistance programs can distribute .
As currently written , the farm bill offers a lot more support to Twinkies than carrots .
Our tax dollars are also used to purchase surplus foods like cheese , milk , pork and beef for distribution to food assistance programs - including school lunches .
The government is not required to purchase nutritious foods .
Sources included : Tony Isaacs , is a natural health author , advocate and researcher who hosts
The Best Years in Life website for those who wish to avoid prescription drugs and mainstream managed illness and live longer , healthier and happier lives naturally .
Mr. Isaacs is the author of books and articles about natural health , longevity and beating cancer including " Cancer 's Natural Enemy " and is working on a major book project due to be published later this year .
He is also a contributing author for the worldwide advocacy group " S.A N.E.Vax .
Inc " which endeavors to uncover the truth about HPV vaccine dangers .
Mr. Isaacs is currently residing in scenic East Texas and frequently commutes to the even more scenic Texas hill country near Austin and San Antonio to give lectures and health seminars .
He also hosts the CureZone " Ask Tony Isaacs - featuring Luella May " forum as well as the Yahoo Health Group " Oleander Soup " and he serves as a consultant to the " Utopia Silver Supplement Company " .
Meet Archie 's Long Lost Cousin Andy !
Read His First Adventure For Free
Archie Comics has announced the discovery of a never - before published story from the 1950's titled " Iron Curtain Caper " , starring Archie 's cousin Andy Andrews .
Archie Comics Editor - in - Chief Victor Gorelick and writer Tom DeFalco were aware of the unpublished story and began discussing the character of Andy Andrews .
Their discussion excited Tom DeFalco to the point that he spent an entire night creating a new story for Andy , which he presented to Gorelick the next day .
Gorelick approved the new mystery story called " The Man from R.I.V.E.R.D.A.L.E. " which will run in Archie # 610-#613 .
" Bringing back ' The Man from R.I.V.E.R.D.A.L.E. ' is a great vehicle for introducing Andy Andrews into the world of Archie , " said Archie Comics Editor - in - Chief , Victor Gorelick .
" It fits the action / adventure theme of Andy 's unpublished comic right into Archie and the gang 's antics ! "
To celebrate Andy Andrews ' upcoming published debut , Archie Comics is presenting Andy 's original unpublished story " Iron Curtain Caper " for free on their website , www.archiecomics.com.
Archie # 610 , featuring the first chapter of The Man from R.I.V.E.R.D.A.L.E. " and Andy 's first print appearance goes on sale on June 23 .
Long Distance Moving Companies
What is a Long Distance Move ?
Movers Directory specializes in state - to - state long distance moving of household goods .
An interstate move is generally a move that is greater than 100 - miles from the origin and / or the long distance move crosses a state line .
The cost of your long distance move is usually determined by the following factors :
Weight of your shipment & the actual distance you are moving your belongings
The number of extra moving services , such as packing & unpacking your belongings
Your choice of additional valuation for your personal items
The need for moving storage in transit while you are getting settled in your new location
Additional accessorial charges which may include things that keep the door of the truck away from the door of your new or old house such as a flight of stairs , elevators , excessive long carry , the need to use a small shuttle vehicle , etc .
Government Regulated Weigh - Station for Long Distance Moving
Long distance moving companies are not able to determine the exact weight of your shipment until it has been weighed .
Government satisfied weigh - stations weigh our moving trucks before pick - up and after pick - up .
The difference between those two weights is the weight of your shipment .
You will be provided with official weight receipts of your shipment .
Sample Weight Estimator
Averages and approximates only .
All numbers below are approximate ; individual circumstances will vary .
Estimate Weight for Long Distance Moves Type of Dwelling Average Weight ( in lbs ) Studio 1,500 lbs. 1 Bedroom
Apartment 1,500 to 2,500 lbs. 2 Bedroom
Apartment 2,500 to 4,000 lbs. 2 Bedroom
House 2,000 to 5,000 lbs. 3 Bedroom
House 6,500 to 8,500 lbs. Larger 12,500 lbs.+
view the print
His legacy was n't to be his grand accomplishments , rather , the example he set .
view the print
This is where you 're supposed to be .
view the print
Through it all , Squirrel never asked him ' why . '
Mole loved him for that .
view the print Little did they know it only ever happened once .
view the print Every day he'd come .
His doubt would keep him humble , his hope would keep him true .
view the print Letting his questions fall away revealed the beauty of the moment — and his bliss .
view the print
So much was uncertain , but the question was n't where to go or what was to be done , rather to life a life of courage or to not .
view the print
In it , each saw something different , the same , beautiful .
view the print
Here , it was mild and gentle and so became he .
view the print Never knowing would be the most difficult .
The pure potential of it , the most inspiring .
view the print i promise , no matter what we 'll be alright .
view the print
He marveled that from something so quiet and unassuming he should discover the patience and strength to carry on .
view the print
What does it mean , the world in a fox 's tail ?
view the print Every time was different , I suppose that 's why he loved it so much .
view the print
He was about to find that the greatest risk he had ever taken was to become his greatest joy .
view the print
Their greatest strength lay in their quietest moments .
She did n't ask for it , but neither did she push it away .
view the print
It came to her .
She did n't ask for it , but neither did she push it away .
view the print
It was only after the winds shifted that he understood himself able .
view the print
No matter where they go and whatever becomes of them it will always be their boat .
view the print it was the start of only a small thing , but , it is only the sum of many small things that makes something great .
view the print
There was nothing wrong with their bravery , they just needed practice .
view the print " Where I go , anyone can go . "
view the print afterwards he cried , he did n't know why .
... it was more than enough .
view the print
All he had to offer in return was his gratitude , ... it was more than enough .
the strength of no force .
view the print failing the challenge illuminated the choice he never realized he had , the strength of no force .
view the print
When the story was finally told , he was all but forgotten .
Still , he smiled whenever he heard it .
view the print Ultimately they would survive by his sincerity —
They would prosper by his care .
following it , what would they become .
view the print Seeing , they were bound to it — following it , what would they become .
view the print Witnessing the transformation made his own seem possible .
view the print
It was when she no longer thought them necessary that they bloomed .
view the print remember me ?
Always .
view the print
How did she become the sea ...
Embrace the fish .
view the print
He would never have believed he ’d find it here in the briefest of moments ... eternity .
view the print Upon realizing it was not to be controlled he simply let it shine .
view the print
His great discovery was n’t to be what he found along the way , but who he was when he returned .
view the print of course there 's still room .
Image caption CO2 should not be the prime target of climate policy , the report argues
A major change of approach is needed if society is to restrain climate change , according to a report from a self - styled " eclectic " group of academics .
The UN process has failed , they argue , and a global approach concentrating on CO2 cuts will never work .
They urge instead the use of carbon tax revenue to develop technologies that can supply clean energy to everyone .
Their so - called Hartwell Paper is criticised by others who say the UN process has curbed carbon emissions .
The paper is named after Hartwell House , the Buckinghamshire mansion , hotel and spa where the group of 14 academics from Europe , North America and Japan gathered in February to develop their ideas .
The paper 's focus away from CO2 is misguided , short - sighted and probably wrong Dr Bill Hare , , Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research
Its central message is that climate change can be ameliorated best by pursuing " politically attractive and relentlessly pragmatic " options that also curb emissions .
These options include bringing a reliable electricity supply to the estimated 1.5 billion people in the world without it using efficient , low - carbon technologies .
" The raising up of human dignity is the central driver of the Hartwell Paper , replacing the preoccupation with human sinfulness that has failed and will continue to fail to deliver progress , " said lead author Prof Gwyn Prins .
Prof Prins is director of the Mackinder Programme for the Study of Long Wave Events at the London School of Economics and Political Science , and an adviser to the Global Warming Policy Foundation , the UK charity chaired by Lord Lawson that aims " to help restore balance and trust in the climate debate " .
Short - term fixes
The paper says that the outcome of December 's UN climate summit , plus the " ClimateGate " affair and inaccuracies within the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) 2007 report , means " the legitimacy of the institutions of climate policy and science are no longer assured " .
So , successfully tackling climate change initially means re-framing the issue .
In an article for the BBC's Green Room series , another of the authors , Mike Hulme , writes : " Climate change has been represented as a conventional environmental ' problem ' that is capable of being ' solved ' .
" It is neither of these .
Yet this framing has locked the world into the rigid agenda that brought us to the dead end of Kyoto , with no evidence of any discernable acceleration of decarbonisation whatsoever . "
The academics advocate concentrating first on short - term fixes for greenhouse gases or other warming agents , such as black carbon - particles emitted from the incomplete burning of fossil fuels , principally in diesel engines and wood stoves .
These particles warm the planet by several mechanisms , including darkening snow so it absorbs more solar energy .
Black carbon may be the second most important man-made warming agent after carbon dioxide .
As it remains in the atmosphere for a matter of weeks , some researchers have suggested that cleaning up its production could be the quickest way of curbing warming , as well as bringing health benefits to poor countries by reducing air pollution .
" To date , climate policy has focused on carbon dioxide primarily , and even to the exclusion of other human influences on the climate system , " the report says .
" We believe this path to have been unwise ... early action on a wider range of human influences on climate could be more swiftly productive . "
However , they acknowledge that carbon emissions do in the end have to be constrained .
To that end , they recommend implementing a hypothecated carbon tax in developed economies to fund development of low - carbon energy technologies .
The damaging effects of climate change in developing countries , meanwhile , would be tackled by having Western countries meet the internationally agreed target of contributing 0.7 % of their GDP to overseas aid , rather than through specific and complex new climate adaptation funds .
" Just this one action alone would swamp the miserly amounts of money being offered under the Copenhagen Accord , " said Prof Hulme .
Lobby group
The outcome of the Copenhagen climate summit - widely seen as a failure among academics and activists - has caused considerable soul - searching about alternative approaches .
But any move away from the negotiated process that puts CO2 at centre stage is regarded as anathema by many .
Image caption Methane production from paddy fields can be quickly and cheaply tackled
" The paper 's focus away from CO2 is misguided , short - sighted and probably wrong , " said Bill Hare from the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research in Germany .
" If you take action on black carbon and do not reduce CO2 emissions then you may end up with more warming in the long term , " he told BBC News .
" And in fact , the Kyoto Protocol is one of the few things that have worked , in that it 's given momentum to low - carbon energy development - we would n't have had the explosion in wind power without it . "
The Hartwell Paper initiative was supported by funding from the Japan Iron and Steel Federation , the Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association , the US - based Nathan Cummings Foundation and the Fondation Hoffmann , Geneva .
Image caption
The judge said Baker bullied motorists ( Pic : Birmingham City Council )
An unlicensed car clamper who a judge said was guilty of the " ruthless exploitation " of motorists has been jailed for two years
The city 's trading standards department received more than 100 complaints about Andrew Baker 's company , Inter Park UK .
One man said he paid for all day parking but was clamped after just 10 minutes .
Baker , 28 , of Birmingham , admitted conspiring with others to make unwarranted demands from motorists .
Birmingham City Council , which brought the case against Baker , said he ran his business in Birmingham , Wolverhampton and Walsall and Milton Keynes .
I said to the white man that you 've ruined my Christmas , he replied ' you 've made mine '
Shopper who paid £ 365 to get her car back Witness ' distraught ' by clampers
An inquiry into the company began after trading standards officers received complaints from motorists saying they had been unfairly clamped or towed away by Inter Park UK during 2007 and early 2008 .
Trading standards said motorists complained their cars were clamped " within minutes " .
Returning drivers would be told the tow truck had already been called and would have to not only pay £ 125 for their cars to be released , but also £ 325 for the two truck , even if they had not been towed .
The department got 70 complaints in 2007 with numerous Christmas shoppers being towed at a site in New Canal Street , Birmingham .
One woman , shopping with her four - year - old daughter , said she had become distraught when her car was towed .
The man towing the car told her she had parked incorrectly , even though she had bought a ticket .
She said : " I said to the white man that you 've ruined my Christmas , he replied ' you 've made mine ' . "
' Nothing wrong '
She ended up paying £ 365 to get her car back , even though the man had told her it would be £ 295 .
Another man , who paid for all day parking at the same site , said he saw his car clamped within 10 minutes .
" They had got £ 445 out of me when I had done absolutely nothing wrong .
Analysis Phil Mackie , 5 Live correspondent
It was the prosecution of Rebecca Meakin , 27 , at Stafford Crown Court in May 2008 that led Birmingham Trading Standards to investigate Andrew Baker and Inter Park UK .
Meakin was jailed for four years after being convicted of blackmail .
The clamping firm she operated charged drivers up to £ 300 to have them released .
Until then trading standards officers had felt restricted by a lack of clarity in the law , even though they had begun to receive complaints about the business .
They made efforts to persuade him to apply for a Security Industry Authority licence .
He simply left an abusive message on their office telephone .
Officers believe that new legislation which is due to be enacted soon will help them regulate the industry .
Clamping companies will have to be properly audited , sign legally binding agreements with landowners and put clearly written signs up .
" It just comes down to my word against theirs .
I know I did nothing wrong but they just take your car away saying ' incorrectly parked ' and demand huge amounts of money , " he said .
In Wolverhampton , a parking sign was said to be so high that motorists did not notice it , and was not lit in the evenings .
Trading standards officers found Inter Park UK only had contractual agreements to operate at a few sites .
At a site at a pub in Moseley , Birmingham , where Inter Park operated , the pub owner said no permission had been given .
Another instance saw Inter Park operating in land owned by Walsall Council without any agreement .
Sentencing Baker , of Pithall Road , Shard End , Birmingham , Judge Philip Parker QC said that he had operated under a " false cloak of legitimacy " and that his victims had been " held to ransom " and had felt like they had been bullied , robbed and fleeced .
He went on to describe the car clamping operation as a " confidence fraud " and a " ruthless exploitation of vulnerable persons " .
" You were not in fact licensed for this activity , as it is accepted you should have been .
" Your website was a travesty of the truth , suggesting as it did that you worked closely with trading standards and the police , " he said .
Two accomplices of Baker , Gary Gwilliam , 54 , of Mountbatten Road , Walsall and Mohammed Islam , 47 , of Denville Crescent , Bordesley Green , Birmingham , also pleaded guilty to offences under the fraud act and were each fined £ 500 .
I just got off the horn with my friend Sage over at Port Brewing / Lost Abbey .
We ’ve been informed of a sweep of tasting room shutdowns across San Diego County by the San Diego County Health Department .
Any breweries that have tasting rooms but no food prep license have been served or will be served with cease and desist order .
This includes Port Brewing / Lost Abbey , who have just finished renovating their tasting room to accommodate more visitors .
For those of you not familiar with the San Diego tasting room scene , many San Diego brewers have a small bar with a few taps of their beer in some cases , to their entire lineup .
Most of the time , these samples are free , and in the Lost Abbey ’s case , would cost a nominal fee that would go towards your take out order ( growler fill ) .
When I asked Sage who else this might affect , off the top of his head he said Ballast Point , Alesmith , Alpine , Oceanside Aleworks , Green Flash , and Lightning Brewery .
The purpose of these tasting rooms is to introduce new beers to new drinkers and old ones alike .
Having this happen to these small brewers is just bad news .
According to Sage , renovations to their tasting room could include tile flooring , food grade sinks .
Even better , folks who have to get a food prep license are required to go to a food serving class .
Much like the raids on the Pennsylvania beer bars last month , this smells like a personal vendetta coupled with money hungry state government .
The county of San Diego will make money while these small brewers will lose money , and have to make up for it with a price increase on beer .
So not only do they lose in this situation , but we do too .
Please use the comment section to sound off on this matter .
AUSTRALIA'S intelligence agencies may win far greater flexibility to use surveillance tools at home after an independent inquiry ordered by the Rudd government .
An intelligence review , confirmed in the federal budget , is likely to examine strict limits on how agencies that have been set up to protect against foreign threats can operate in Australia .
The $ 3 million review is due to be completed by the end of next year .
Last month , sources told The Age that a secret intelligence review driven by the Department of Prime Minister and Cabinet was preparing to recommend that defence intelligence be given powers to tap phones within Australia .
Also , officers from the Australian Secret Intelligence Service , the overseas spy agency , would be given significantly increased freedom to carry weapons and engage in '' paramilitary activities ' ' abroad .
HAIRCONNECT – Friseurbetriebe in München sind der Zusammenschluss von erfolgreichen Friseuren , die gemeinsam ein Motto leben : " Wir sind Partner unserer Kunden "
Die ganzheitliche Betrachtung und das Gespräch mit Ihnen , ist dabei von essentieller Bedeutung .
Frisuren sind heute im Beruf und Gesellschaft ein wichtiges Element Ihrer Persönlichkeit , neben Kleidung und Accessoires .
Unsere ausführliche Beratung in Schnitt , Farbe , Pflege und Styling geben Ihnen die Sicherheit , dass Ihre Frisur auch zu Hause schnell und einfach frisiert werden kann .
Neben einer entspannenden Kopfmassage und dem Einsatz von hochwertigen und erstklassiken Produkten setzen wir durch dauerhafte Weiterbildung unserer Mitarbeiter die Maßstäbe für ansprechende und ausdrucksstarke Frisuren .
Modernes Ambiente und viele weitere Wohlfühlkomponenten runden Ihren Besuch ab , frei nach unserer Überzeugung ....
Sie sind unsere beste Visitenkarte .
Wir freuen uns auf Sie !
Ihr HAIRCONNECT Team
connecting style and service
1 2 3 next »
GNU HURD : Altered visions and lost promise
by Richard Hillesley
The HURD was meant to be the true kernel at the heart of the GNU operating system .
The promise behind the HURD was revolutionary – a set of daemons on top of a microkernel that was intended to surpass the performance of the monolithic kernels of traditional Unix systems and in doing so , give greater security , freedom and flexibility to the users – but it has yet to come down to earth .
Work on the GNU operating system began in 1984 and had been seven or eight years in the making by the time that Linux came along .
" If the GNU kernel had been ready last spring , " Linus Torvalds wrote to Andy Tanenbaum in January 1992 , " I 'd not have bothered to even start my project : the fact is that it was n't and still is n't " .
Torvalds had built his monolithic kernel with the GNU tool set , and Linux slotted into the space that the HURD was meant to occupy at the heart of the GNU operating system .
Ultimately , the choice of a monolithic kernel , if not the ideal solution , was the quickest route to a working kernel , and the Linux developers had the advantage of the GNU toolchain being in place .
The comment of Ted Ts'o , one of the early Linux developers , was that " Linux is here , and GNU is n't - and people have been working on HURD for a lot longer than Linus has been working on Linux " .
The HURD was often talked about and plans were often made , but work on the nuts and bolts of the kernel was too often interrupted by altered visions and lost promise .
The Linux developers were happy to work around their own mistakes to get something working .
The HURD developers wanted to get it right in the first place , but may seem to have lost sight of the promise of the HURD in their unending search for the perfect kernel .
Some of my cities have fallen
Richard Stallman recounts that when he founded the GNU project in September 1983 , people said , " Oh , this is an infinitely hard job ; you can't possibly write a whole system like Unix .
How can we possibly do that much ?
It would be nice , but it 's just hopeless " .
Stallman 's response was that he was going to do it anyway .
" This is where I am great .
I am great at being very , very stubborn and ignoring all sorts of reasons why you should change your goal , reasons that many other people will be susceptible to " .
Free software did n't have a community as it does now , and the ideas at its heart were still untried and new .
In the early days Stallman was often isolated , as he observes in his history of the GNU project .
" I have done most of my work while anxious about whether I could do the job , and unsure that it would be enough to achieve the goal if I did .
But I tried anyway , because there was no one but me between the enemy and my city .
Surprising myself , I have sometimes succeeded " .
Before a kernel could come into being , the bits and pieces that made the kernel possible had to be written - the editors and compilers , bash , make , autoconf , emacs , gcc and all the others .
The sale of the software paid for the other bits to be written .
The story of their evolution , and Stallman 's experience of the obstacles he encountered , especially during the development of GNU Emacs , led to a hardening of the philosophical concepts behind free software and their encapsulation in the GPL , which did n't come into being until 1989 .
By then the tools , instruments and philosophy of free software were falling into place .
The kernel was to be the last part of the jigsaw .
Free with a V
In the beginning it was sufficient that the kernel was free , because the GNU project lacked the resources to build everything from scratch , so when a compiler had to be written , Stallman went to the obvious sources to find one that was already there .
" Shortly before beginning the GNU project , " Stallman later wrote , " I heard about the Free University Compiler Kit , also known as VUCK .
( The Dutch word for " free " is written with a V. ) ... "
" I wrote to its author asking if GNU could use it .
He responded derisively , stating that the university was free but the compiler was not .
I therefore decided that my first program for the GNU project would be a multi-language , multi- platform compiler , " which evolved into gcc .
The concept for GNU / HURD evolved in much the same way .
Stallman looked first for a ready made kernel that was in the public domain , and an obvious starting place was Trix , which had been developed on Stallman 's homeground at MIT .
Next : Trix and turns
1 2 3 next »
Update Disgruntled former employees of domain - name registrar Go Daddy have filed a class action lawsuit against the company , claiming potentially millions of dollar in " stolen " bonuses and overtime .
The suit claims that the domain - name market leader broke the law by using a " subjective and arbitrary " process to withhold commissions from its call centre techies , and then fired one when he blew the whistle .
It also alleges that by treating sales commissions as discretionary bonuses , Go Daddy has avoided paying its staff overtime at the proper rate .
One plaintiff told us that he believes the company is using these tricks to wipe $ 5 m to $ 20 m a year from its cost of labour .
" In my first 30 days , they pulled about $ 1,300 in bonuses from me , that was about half my income , " said Toby Harris , one of three named plaintiffs .
According to Harris , call centre staff have 12 minutes to run through a check - list of updates and up - sells with each customer .
A score below 80 per cent means no bonus .
Harris scored 78 per cent in his first month , despite being the top - selling employee .
Harris was fired earlier this year , after only a couple of months at the company .
His termination letter says he was fired for not sufficiently validating a customer 's identity , but he claims to be a " whistleblower " who was wrongfully dismissed .
Go Daddy is believed to have about a thousand Inbound Technical Sales and Support Specialists , who handle all sales and tech support calls to the company .
Most are based in Arizona .
The case could cover all of Go Daddy 's call centre staff going back five years .
Go Daddy did not immediately provide comment on the suit , which was filed earlier today . ®
Update
After this story was published , a Go Daddy spokesperson provided the following statement : " We have not yet received the complaint and , as a matter of protocol , do not comment on pending litigation .
We will say we intend to vigorously defend this lawsuit .
Go Daddy employs more than 2600 people .
We stand by our well - established reputation as a top - notch employer .
We are proud to have been honored year after year by numerous third - party organizations , and our own employees , as an ethical , generous employer . "
Classic football game Tecmo Super Bowl was first released on the NES in 1991 .
It had real players , who you probably presumed had all retired years ago , but no .
The last one only hung up his boots last week .
Advertisement
That man was Jeff Feagles , a punter for the New York Giants , who at the ripe old age of 44 decided last week that 2009 was his last year in the National Football League .
Beginning his career with the Patriots in 1988 , he would go on to play for the Eagles , Cardinals and Seahawks before spending the final seven years of his career in New York .
It means that the original Tecmo Super Bowl , a light - hearted and highly - exploitable version of America 's biggest sport , is now 100 % obsolete .
The 2009 season began with three Tecmo Super Bowl players still active on an NFL roster , with fellow specialist John Carney at New Orleans and future Hall - of - Famer LB Junior Seau at the Patriots , but those two retired at the end of the year , leaving Feagles the last man standing .
Advertisement
The Official End of the Tecmo Super Bowl Era [ NBC ]
The New Ruby Inside : I ’ve Gone All Daring Fireball On You
By Peter Cooper
Tonight , Ruby Inside has changed for the better .
If you 're reading on the Web , it will be immediately apparent , but if you 're reading via the feed , check out RubyInside.com .
Ruby Inside is no longer a magazine - style blog - it's a Daring Fireball - style tumblelog .
Why ?
If you 've been following Ruby Inside for a year or more , you might have noticed a severe slowdown in posts here over the last several months .
This was down to a combination of being busy working on my startup , coder.io , and , frankly , being a bit burnt out writing posts every day for Ruby Inside .
Posts have gradually slowed down to between 1 and 3 each week .
When I looked into why people read Ruby Inside , it turned out it was n't to read a Ruby " magazine " or long , in - depth articles .
Instead , people said they trusted my " nose " for good Ruby news and wanted me to share all the latest cool Ruby stuff I 've found , along with a little insight .
A long - time fan of tumblelogs as a reader , I recently realized I could both increase the velocity of Ruby Inside posts , point to more interesting stuff , and generally improve the quality of the site by turning it into a tumblelog .
Instead of having to write a 300/400 word summary of every thing I wanted to post about , a tumblelog gives me the ability to just " throw out " a link with a few lines of commentary .
John Gruber of Daring Fireball does the same with Apple related news , and he has millions of readers each month !
So , Ruby Inside is now a tumblelog .
There will be occasional longer posts , but most posts will be links , quotes , and short bits of insight on all of the latest stuff going on in the Ruby world .
If I think most Ruby developers would benefit from knowing something , it 'll go straight on here , rather than sit in my To Do pile for weeks .
I hope to pick up the posting level from once or twice each week to a few times each day .
What ?
The latest changes affect all readers .
If you 're reading Ruby Inside via the feed , you 'll continue to get posts as usual , but any " link " posts will link directly to the third party site and not to the Ruby Inside post - making your life easier .
If you read Ruby Inside primarily on the Web , you have a whole new format to get used to .
Since tumblelogs are very common now , though , I imagine you 'll consider it an improvement .
Full post contents can now be read on the front page , so you do n't need to keep clicking around .
Less bullshit , higher quality , etc .
You will also note there 's a new events listing on the left hand side of every page - it 's powered by Keavy McMinn 's RubyThere Ruby events listing site .
People using iPads should also enjoy the changes .
The new design was tested on an iPad all the way through the process and it looks great on there !
So ?
So , what do you think ?
I considered disabling comments on Ruby Inside in true tumblelog style , but ..
I enjoy them too much and they 're usually useful to read .
Leave a comment on RubyInside.com against this post with your thoughts , suggestions , or otherwise , about the new design and direction I 'm pointing Ruby Inside in .
After a grandeur tour led by the chairperson of Foxconn Terry Gou with 100 psychiatrists and 200 reporters in its Shenzhen factories in the Guangdong Province , China , the thrilling atmosphere still hovers around workers as another Foxconn worker jumped to his death May 26 night , the 12th alleged suicide , local media reports said .
The death of this worker marked a spate of suspected suicides which left 10 dead and 2 severely injured .
RTHK ( Radio Television Hong Kong ) quoted Xinhua News Agency reports , saying that a worker was found dead in front of the D2 dormitory in Foxconn ’s Long Hua factory .
The primary supplier for Apple products had confirmed the news .
Terry Gou on Wednesday apologized for the alleged suicidal tragedies after flying to Shenzhen with his private jet for a quickly arranged media tour .
He bowed several times and promised to withdraw the original plan demanding staff not to take their own lives .
Gou also noted some of the victims had personal issues that he could not help them .
Gou also defended the company ’s personnel management and noted that necessary measures to prevent suicides like psychological counseling and mutual aid groups are already underway .
CLICK HERE TO RETURN TO DAN NUCKOLS
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
The Magazine answers ...
The one - note drone of massed plastic horns is the soundtrack to the 2010 World Cup .
There 'll be no ban , so is it possible to block out over - vuvuzealous parping ?
Loud enough for you ?
The incessant drone of vuvuzelas blown from start to finish of a World Cup football match can reach 130 decibels - louder than a referee 's whistle or a chainsaw at full rip .
THE ANSWER Vuvuzela is similar frequency to human speech
So blocking this would clip sounds from the commentary
Cup chiefs rule out vuvuzela ban
While those in the stadium can revel in the atmosphere - and perhaps invest in the " vuvu - stop " ear plugs reportedly selling like hot cakes - fans outside the Rainbow Nation can be less forgiving .
On TV or on radio , it can at times be a struggle to hear the commentary , let alone the familiar singing , cheering and jeering from the crowd .
Complaints ring out from bar - room and barbecue , social media site and radio phone - in .
A vuvuzela is tuned - to use the term loosely - at the B flat below middle C , and has a similar frequency to speech tones , says Trevor Cox , president of the Institute of Acoustics .
This makes it particularly tricky for broadcasters to tune out , as to do so would dampen the commentators ' voices - and not in a good way .
Here 's one solution ...
" I 'm looking at its wave patterns and there are at least six very strong harmonics in there .
It would sound really horrible to notch these out - if one coincides with the vowel sound e , you wo n't be able to hear the -es in the commentary .
It would sound unnatural . "
To " notch out " is sound engineer speak for making a sound filter to block a certain frequency .
Various online vendors claim to sell vuvuzela filters - such as a 45 - minute MP3 noise - cancelling track to play during each half - and a German computer programmer has posted instructions online - in German - for building your own using a soundcard - equipped computer and specialist software .
But buyer beware , says Professor Cox .
Filtering out lower harmonics makes it much quieter , but the longer you listen , the more it appears to return because your brain is simply too good at extrapolating the sounds
Chris Cannam , Centre for Digital Music , in comments section below " It 's physically impossible to play a sound to cancel out another sound coming from your television .
It sounds constant , but the noise is too random to be cancelled out .
How can they know when England will fail to make a save and the vuvuzelas will go even more crazy ? "
So while broadcasters cannot simply block these frequencies for fear of disrupting words of wisdom from John Motson et al , sound engineers have been advised to dip certain frequencies when the massed horns are a - blowing particularly loudly .
" They can also change the balance between crowd noise and the commentary box , as these have separate mics .
But they would n't want to take out the crowd noise completely , because then there 'd be no atmosphere , " says Mr Cox , who is also professor of acoustics at Salford University .
Viewer complaints
The BBC has so far received 224 complaints about vuvuzela noise , a figure that may rise sharply once it broadcasts its England match ( against Slovenia ) next Wednesday .
" We have already taken steps to minimise the noise and are continuing to monitor the situation , " says a BBC spokeswoman .
" If the vuvuzela continues to impact on audience enjoyment , we will look at what other options we can take to reduce the volume further . "
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
A regular part of the BBC News Magazine , Who , What , Why ?
aims to answer some of the questions behind the headlines Fifa president Sepp Blatter says the vuvuzela is part of African footballing culture , and the organisers have ruled out a ban , instead urging fans to refrain from parping during national anthems and stadium announcements .
But there is a silver lining .
While insistent and incessant , a vuvuzela makes a dull sound free of the higher harmonics , which means it 's not as piercing as it could be given its volume .
" My advice ?
Get used to it - if you think it 's annoying , you will get annoyed by it , " says Mr Cox .
" Embrace it , see it as a colourful part of the World Cup . "
And , failing that , there 's always the mute button .
The quirks of live subtitles can only add to the experience .
A selection of your comments appears below .
This from someone who has actually attended a match .
The vuvuzelas are not randomly played .
On TV they sound like lots of unconnected sound but if you attend a match you will see the flow and ebb of the sounds based on the particular sections of the crowds support and loyalty .
It 's brilliant and it would spoil the atmosphere without one .
If you want to watch a quiet game go watch cricket .
Kiri , UK Simply record the commentary and crowd noise on different channels .
Filter the vuvuzela from the crowd channel and then re-combine them for broadcast .
What 's so difficult about that ?
John , Liverpool
Although the vuvuzela 's lower harmonics overlap with those of the voice , the commentary is always substantially louder when broadcast - if vuvuzelas annoy you , it is because they are incessant rather than because they are loud ( at least in the broadcast feed ) .
As a consequence , you can in fact filter much of the vuvuzela sound without damaging voice quality too much , just by reducing these frequencies enough to drop the vuvuzela into the noise but leave the voice audible .
Commentators sometimes start to sound a bit nasal , but it 's not too bad .
We 've been looking at this in the Centre for Digital Music at Queen Mary , University of London .
There 's a problem , though .
Although filtering out the lower harmonics makes the sound much quieter , the longer you listen to it the more it appears to return .
After 10 minutes , it sounds pretty much like the unfiltered version again , because your brain is simply too good at extrapolating the sounds from the persistent higher harmonics .
And as far as I can tell , you really can't filter the higher harmonics effectively without losing the crowd noise .
So , Trevor Cox 's advice ( " embrace it " ) is probably wise .
Chris Cannam , London
If ( and it is a BIG if ) the commentators are in boxes , rather than the stands , then surely the audio feeds from the pitch could be attenuated / filtered to remove the vuvuselas , and the commentary then added ON TOP of that .
But if the commentators are in the stands , then forget it - we will just have to have a wasp in our ear for the remainder of the World Cup .
Michael , Edinburgh , Scotland Could the BBC provide a " red button " option where the ambient noise is lowered in volume and the commentators ' voices are enhanced ?
I know this would mean rather less atmosphere , but the vuvuzelas are so irritating I would settle for that .
Alternatively maybe we could have a " clean " commentary on a radio channel .
Andrew Michaelides , Sevenoaks I do n't understand what all the fuss is about .
Watching on TV I have n't found the vuvuzelas to be a problem at all , the sound is much quieter than the commentary and simply becomes part of the background crowd noise once you get used to it .
I actually think it produces a pretty good atmosphere , better than some of the silent Premier League grounds in England and I 'm glad the decision has been taken not to ban them .
For those who are annoyed by it , lighten up !
Luke Sproule , Moira , N Ireland
After being kept up til 1.30 am on Sun ( from midday ) by some football / beer hyped neighbours , who had both a very loud karaoke PA system in the garden , and several vuvuzelas , I can't say I am particularly partial to them ...
Another neighbour gave his grandchildren some to blare early on Sunday morning .
A small form of social justice / revenge , but I 'd rather not be in the middle of it .
Liz Valentine , Ashford I like the noise of the vuvuzela , it is very atmospheric .
I have no problem hearing the commentary from Five Live on medium wave .
Nick , Basildon Essex
Why not take the commentary , put it through a frequency doubler , a la Chipmunks , filter out the vuvuzela sounds from the crowd noise , then reduce the commentary frequency and add it back in ?
Peter Bradford , Maryland , US
They 're annoying , they take away they rise and fall of the football match , the OOOOHs and AAAAHs .
I note that there are microphones all round the match pitches ; can't the sound man compensate a little and put more emphasis on crowd sections without these blasted things ?
John , UK
If it is a constant note then surely erecting a massive speaker broadcasting the same note in reversed amplitude will counteract it and make it virtually disappear .
Same prinicipal as in cockpits and noise cancelling equipment .
But then all it will take is the next generation of vuvuzela , a few hundred Hz off frequency for this expensive equipment to be rendered useless ... even worse this will then be heard to make a loud noise of its own with nothing to cancel it out .
Mark Dowle , Abingdon , UK
More importantly though , is there a way to cancel out the moans of the massed ranks of vuvuzela haters ?
Oliver B , Rotherham , UK Come on people , get with the atmosphere of the World Cup on African soil .
The sound adds to the whole experience .
Vuvuzelas are making this World Cup a joy to remember and it 's barely even started .
Keep on parping - PARP !
PARP !
PARP !
Marilyn , London I can't wait until next season , when the vuvuzela becomes a phenomenon of our own football leagues - as with the spread of the Mexican wave , ole football and the minute 's applause , so with the vuvuzela .
BLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!
Lewis , Glasgow
Why not just run some stock crowd noise from a completely different international in the background ( no vuvuzelas of course ) and hope nobody notices .
Steve , Woking Surely the BBC sound engineers could reduce the volume of the general crowd noise - vuvuzelas included , and overlay some generic crowd chatter recorded at some European game .
That would make things more pleasant for the listener , while not completely removing the vuvuzela sound .
Andrew Thomas
Is it possible to do a sound commentary from within a sound - proof room with a view ?
Geoffrey Tillison , Ilkley , England
The vuvuzela destroys an inherent part of the football experience , the excitement and the tension in the crowd .
Great goals , near misses , bad tackles all have their own noises .
The crowd is a big and essential part of any sporting event .
In South Africa , this is not true , and the tournament will be remembered as the World Cup lacking atmosphere .
K Tracey , London , England I suffer from tinnitus and vuvzelas are making my hearing worse .
I wake up with severe pain and noise in my ears after watching a match the night before .
I now turn the sound off , but this spoils the fun , so I for one will not watch any more matches ( apart from England ) .
Graham , England
At least we now know where all the bees have gone ...
Kirsty Warren , Colchester , Essex
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
These are actual quotes from a variety of mainstream feminists , stating their opinions and positions .
The one common denominator is the obvious and blatant hatred of men .
No reputable Father 's Rights advocate could get away with making statements such as these - any man daring to say these kinds of things about women would instantly be branded a " gender- supremacist " .
" In a patriarchal society all heterosexual intercourse is rape because women , as a group , are not strong enough to give meaningful consent . "
[ i] Catherine MacKinnon in Professing Feminism : Cautionary Tales from the Strange World of Women 's Studies , p. 129 ..
" I claim that rape exists any time sexual intercourse occurs when it has not been initiated by the woman , out of her own genuine affection and desire . "
[ i] From Robin Morgan , " Theory and Practice : Pornography and Rape " in " Going too Far , " 1974 . .
" When a woman reaches orgasm with a man she is only collaborating with the patriarchal system , eroticizing her own oppression ... "
[ i] Sheila Jeffrys .
" Heterosexual intercourse is the pure , formalized expression of contempt for women 's bodies . "
Andrea Dworkin
" Sex is the cross on which women are crucified ...
Sex can only be adequately defined as universal rape . "
Hodee Edwards , ' Rape defines Sex '
" Women have always been the primary victims of war .
Women lose their husbands , their fathers , their sons in combat . "
Hillary Clinton , First Ladies ' Conference on Domestic Violence in San Salvador , El Salvador on Nov. 17 , 1998
" MAN : ... an obsolete life form ... an ordinary creature who needs to be watched ... a contradictory baby - man ... "
" TESTOSTERONE POISONING : ... ' Until now it has been though that the level of testosterone in men is normal simply because they have it .
But if you consider how abnormal their behavior is , then you are led to the hypothesis that almost all men are suffering from ' testosterone poisoning . ' "
from A Feminist Dictionary " , ed. Kramarae and Treichler , Pandora Press , 1985
" Patriarchy requires violence or the subliminal threat of violence in order to maintain itself ...
The most dangerous situation for a woman is not an unknown man in the street , or even the enemy in wartime , but a husband or lover in the isolation of their home . "
Gloria Steinem in Revolution from Within : A Book of Self - Esteem , pp. 259-61 ..
" Women take their roles of caretakers very seriously and when they hear of someone who 's taken advantage of a child , they react more strongly than men do . "
- Kathleen C. Faller , professor of social work at the University of Michigan
" I believe that women have a capacity for understanding and compassion which a man structurally does not have , does not have it because he cannot have it .
He 's just incapable of it . "
- Former Congresswoman Barbara Jordan
Melbourne City Councilwoman
Pat Poole announced her opposition to renaming a street for Martin Luther King : " I wonder if he really accomplished things , or if he just stirred people up and caused a lot of riots . "
" Our culture is depicting sex as rape so that men and women will become interested in it . "
Naomi Wolf , The Beauty Myth , p. 138 ..
" Under patriarchy , no woman is safe to live her life , or to love , or to mother children .
Under patriarchy , every woman is a victim , past , present , and future .
Under patriarchy , every woman 's daughter is a victim , past , present , and future .
Under patriarchy , every woman 's son is her potential betrayer and also the inevitable rapist or exploiter of another woman , "
Andrea Dworkin , Liberty , p.58 ..
" Compare victims ' reports of rape with women 's reports of sex .
They look a lot alike .... [ T ]he major distinction between intercourse ( normal ) and rape ( abnormal ) is that the normal happens so often that one cannot get anyone to see anything wrong with it . "
Catherine MacKinnon , quoted in Christina Hoff Sommers , " Hard - Line Feminists Guilty of Ms.- Representation , " Wall Street Journal , November 7 , 1991 .
" The fact is that the process of killing - both rape and battery are steps in that process - is the prime sexual act for men in reality and / or in imagination . " .
Andrea Dworkin , Letters from a War Zone , p. 22 ..
" Man 's discovery that his genitalia could serve as a weapon to generate fear must rank as one of the most important discoveries of prehistoric times , along with the use of fire , and the first crude stone axe . "
Susan Brownmiller , Against Our Will : Men , Women , and Rape , p. 5 ..
" The newest variations on this distressingly ancient theme center on hormones and DNA : men are biologically aggressive ; their fetal brains were awash in androgen ; their DNA , in order to perpetuate itself , hurls them into murder and rape . "
Andrea Dworkin , Letters from a War Zone , p. 114 ..
When asked : " You [ Greer ] were once quoted as saying your idea of the ideal man is a woman with a dick .
Are you still that way inclined ? "
Dr Greer ( denying that she said it ) : " I have a great deal of difficulty with the idea of the ideal man .
As far as I 'm concerned , men are the product of a damanged gene .
They pretend to be normal but what they 're doing sitting there with benign smiles on their faces is they 're manufacturing sperm .
They do it all the time .
They never stop .
I mean , we women are more reasonable .
We pop one follicle every 28 days , whereas they are producing 400 million sperm for each ejaculation , most of which do n't take place anywhere near an ovum .
I do n't know that the ecosphere can tolerate it . "
Germaine Greer , at a Hilton Hotel literary lunch , promoting her book # 34 ; The Change -- Women , Aging and the Menopause # 34 ; .
From a newsreport dated
14/11/91
" One can know everything and still be unable to accept the fact that sex and murder are fused in the male consciousness , so that the one without the imminent possibly of the other is unthinkable and impossible . "
Andrea Dworkin , Letters from a War Zone , p. 21 ..
" Cosmetic surgery and the ideology of self - improvement may have made women 's hope for legal recourse to justice obsolete . "
Naomi Wolf , The Beauty Myth , p. 55 ..
" Sex as desired by the class that dominates women is held by that class to be elemental , urgent , necessary , even if or even though it appears to require the repudiation of any claim women might have to full human standing .
In the subordination of women , inequality itself is sexualized , made into the experience of sexual pleasure , essential to sexual desire . "
Andrea Dworkin , Letters from a War Zone , p. 265 ..
" AIDS education will not get very far until young men are taught how not to rape young women and how to eroticize trust and consent ; and until young women are supported in the way they need to be redefining their desires . "
Naomi Wolf , The Beauty Myth , p. 168..
" In everything men make , they hollow out a central place for death , let its rancid smell contaminate every dimension of whatever still survives .
Men especially love murder .
In art they celebrate it , and in life they commit it .
They embrace murder as if life without it would be devoid of passion , meaning , and action , as if murder were solace , still their sobs as they mourn the empitness and alienation of their lives . "
Andrea Dworkin , Letters from a War Zone , p. 214 ..
" One of the reasons that women are kept in a state of economic degradation - because that 's what it is for most women - is because that is the best way to keep women sexually available . "
Andrea Dworkin , Letters from a War Zone , p. 145 ..
" Romance is rape embellished with meaningful looks . "
Andrea Dworkin in the Philadelphia Inquirer , May 21 , 1995 ..
" Ninety - five percent of women 's experiences are about being a victim .
Or about being an underdog , or having to survive ... women did n't go to Vietnam and blow up things up .
They are not Rambo . "
Jodie Foster in The New York Times Magazine , January 6 , 1991 , p. 19 ..
" All men are rapists and that 's all they are . "
Marilyn French in People , February 20 , 1983 ..
" All men benefit from rape , because all men benefit from the fact that women are not free in this society ; that women cower ; that women are afraid ; that women cannot assert the rights that we have , limited as those rights are , because of the ubiquitous presence of rape . "
Andrea Dworkin , Letters from a War Zone , p. 142..
" Men who are unjustly accused of rape can sometime gain from the experience . "
Catherine Comins , Vassar College Assistant Dean of Student Life in Time , June 3 , 1991 , p. 52 ..
" We have long known that rape has been a way of terrorizing us and keeping us in subjection .
Now we also know that we have participated , although unwittingly , in the rape of our minds . "
Historian Gerda Lerner in Who Stole Feminism : How Women Have Betrayed Women , p. 55 ..
" Only with the occasional celebrity crime do we allow ourselves to think the nearly unthinkable : that the family may not be the ideal and perfect living arrangement after all - that it can be a nest of pathology and a cradle of gruesome violence , ...
Even in the ostensibly " functional , " nonviolent family , where no one is killed or maimed , feelings are routinely bruised and often twisted out of shape .
There is the slap or the put - down that violates a child 's shaky sense of self , the cold , distracted stare that drives a spouse to tears , the little digs and rivalries ...
Barbara Ehrenreich in Time Magazine
" The nuclear family is a hotbed of violence and depravity . "
Gordon Fitch
" How will the family unit be destroyed ?
...[ T ]he demand alone will throw the whole ideology of the family into question , so that women can begin establishing a community of work with each other and we can fight collectively .
Women will feel freer to leave their husbands and become economically independent , either through a job or welfare . "
Roxanne Dunbar in Female Liberation
" Feminists have long criticized marriage as a place of oppression , danger , and drudgery for women .
Barbara Findlen , " Is Marriage the Answer ?
Ms Magazine , May - June , 1995
" We can't destroy the inequities between men and women until we destroy marriage .
Robin Morgan , from Sisterhood Is Powerful ( ed ) , 1970 , p. 537
" Marriage as an institution developed from rape as a practice .
Rape , originally defined as abduction , became marriage by capture .
Marriage meant the taking was to extend in time , to be not only use of but possession of , or ownership .
Only when manhood is dead -- and it will perish when ravaged femininity no longer sustains it "
Andrea Dworkin
" The cultural institutions which embody and enforce those interlocked aberrations -- for instance , law , art , religion , nation - states , the family , tribe , or commune based on father - right -- these institutions are real and they must be destroyed . "
Andrea Dworkin
" I was struck by what a beneficial alternative to the nuclear family this arrangement [ communal housing and child raising ] was for these women and children . "
Lenore Walker , after visiting one of the early shelters for battered women , as cited in The Battered Woman , p.195
" The nuclear family must be destroyed , and people must find better ways of living together ....
Whatever its ultimate meaning , the break - up of families now is an objectively revolutionary process ....
No woman should have to deny herself any opportunities because of her special responsibilities to her children ...
Families will be finally destroyed only when a revolutionary social and economic organization permits people 's needs for love and security to be met in ways that do not impose divisions of labor , or any external roles , at all . "
Linda Gordon , " Functions of the Family , " WOMEN : A Journal of Liberation , Fall , 1969
" God is going to change .
We women ... will change the world so much that He wo n't fit anymore . "
Naomi Goldenberg , Changing of the Gods : Feminism and the End of Traditional Religions ( Quoted at beginning of From Father God to Mother Earth )
" We are , as a sex , infinitely superior to men ... "
Elizabeth Stanton , One Woman , One Vote , Wheeler , p. 58
" Who cares how men feel or what they do or whether they suffer ?
They have had over 2000 years to dominate and made a complete hash of it .
Now it is our turn .
My only comment to men is , if you do n't like it , bad luck - and if you get in my way I 'll run you down . "
Signed : Liberated Women , Boronia .
( Herald - Sun , Melbourne , Australia - 9 February 1996 )
The one common denominator is the obvious and blatant hatred of men .
No reputable Father 's Rights advocate could get away with making statements such as these - any man daring to say these kinds of things about women would instantly be branded a " gender- supremacist " .
" In a patriarchal society all heterosexual intercourse is rape because women , as a group , are not strong enough to give meaningful consent . " [ i]
Catherine MacKinnon in Professing Feminism : Cautionary Tales from the Strange World of Women 's Studies , p. 129 ..
" I claim that rape exists any time sexual intercourse occurs when it has not been initiated by the woman , out of her own genuine affection and desire . " [ i]
From Robin Morgan , " Theory and Practice : Pornography and Rape " in " Going too Far , " 1974 . .
" When a woman reaches orgasm with a man she is only collaborating with the patriarchal system , eroticizing her own oppression ... " [ i]
Sheila Jeffrys .
" Heterosexual intercourse is the pure , formalized expression of contempt for women 's bodies .
" Andrea Dworkin" Sex is the cross on which women are crucified ...
Sex can only be adequately defined as universal rape .
" Hodee Edwards , ' Rape defines Sex '" Women have always been the primary victims of war .
Women lose their husbands , their fathers , their sons in combat .
" Hillary Clinton , First Ladies ' Conference on Domestic Violence in San Salvador , El Salvador on Nov. 17 , 1998 : ... an obsolete life form ... an ordinary creature who needs to be watched ... a contradictory baby - man ... " : ... ' Until now it has been though that the level of testosterone in men is normal simply because they have it .
But if you consider how abnormal their behavior is , then you are led to the hypothesis that almost all men are suffering from ' testosterone poisoning .'" from A Feminist Dictionary " , ed. Kramarae and Treichler , Pandora Press , 1985 " Patriarchy requires violence or the subliminal threat of violence in order to maintain itself ...
The most dangerous situation for a woman is not an unknown man in the street , or even the enemy in wartime , but a husband or lover in the isolation of their home .
" Gloria Steinem in Revolution from Within : A Book of Self - Esteem , pp. 259-61 .." Women take their roles of caretakers very seriously and when they hear of someone who 's taken advantage of a child , they react more strongly than men do . " -
Kathleen C. Faller , professor of social work at the University of Michigan " I believe that women have a capacity for understanding and compassion which a man structurally does not have , does not have it because he cannot have it .
He 's just incapable of it . " -
Former Congresswoman Barbara JordanMelbourne City Councilwoman
Pat Poole announced her opposition to renaming a street for Martin Luther King : " I wonder if he really accomplished things , or if he just stirred people up and caused a lot of riots . " " Our culture is depicting sex as rape so that men and women will become interested in it .
" Naomi Wolf , The Beauty Myth , p. 138 ..
" Under patriarchy , no woman is safe to live her life , or to love , or to mother children .
Under patriarchy , every woman is a victim , past , present , and future .
Under patriarchy , every woman 's daughter is a victim , past , present , and future .
Under patriarchy , every woman 's son is her potential betrayer and also the inevitable rapist or exploiter of another woman , " Andrea Dworkin , Liberty , p.58 .." Compare victims ' reports of rape with women 's reports of sex .
They look a lot alike .... [ T ]he major distinction between intercourse ( normal ) and rape ( abnormal ) is that the normal happens so often that one cannot get anyone to see anything wrong with it .
" Catherine MacKinnon , quoted in Christina Hoff Sommers , " Hard - Line Feminists Guilty of Ms.- Representation , " Wall Street Journal , November 7 , 1991 .
" The fact is that the process of killing - both rape and battery are steps in that process - is the prime sexual act for men in reality and / or in imagination . " .
Andrea Dworkin , Letters from a War Zone , p. 22 ..
" Man 's discovery that his genitalia could serve as a weapon to generate fear must rank as one of the most important discoveries of prehistoric times , along with the use of fire , and the first crude stone axe .
" Susan Brownmiller , Against Our Will : Men , Women , and Rape , p. 5 ..
" The newest variations on this distressingly ancient theme center on hormones and DNA : men are biologically aggressive ; their fetal brains were awash in androgen ; their DNA , in order to perpetuate itself , hurls them into murder and rape .
" Andrea Dworkin , Letters from a War Zone , p. 114 ..
When asked : " Dr Greer ( denying that she said it ) : " I have a great deal of difficulty with the idea of the ideal man .
As far as I 'm concerned , men are the product of a damanged gene .
They pretend to be normal but what they 're doing sitting there with benign smiles on their faces is they 're manufacturing sperm .
They do it all the time .
They never stop .
I mean , we women are more reasonable .
We pop one follicle every 28 days , whereas they are producing 400 million sperm for each ejaculation , most of which do n't take place anywhere near an ovum .
I do n't know that the ecosphere can tolerate it .
" Germaine Greer , at a Hilton Hotel literary lunch , promoting her book # 34 ; The Change -- Women , Aging and the Menopause # 34 ; .
From a newsreport dated
14/11/91
" One can know everything and still be unable to accept the fact that sex and murder are fused in the male consciousness , so that the one without the imminent possibly of the other is unthinkable and impossible .
" Andrea Dworkin , Letters from a War Zone , p. 21 .." Cosmetic surgery and the ideology of self - improvement may have made women 's hope for legal recourse to justice obsolete .
" Naomi Wolf , The Beauty Myth , p. 55 ..
" Sex as desired by the class that dominates women is held by that class to be elemental , urgent , necessary , even if or even though it appears to require the repudiation of any claim women might have to full human standing .
In the subordination of women , inequality itself is sexualized , made into the experience of sexual pleasure , essential to sexual desire .
" Andrea Dworkin , Letters from a War Zone , p. 265 ..
" AIDS education will not get very far until young men are taught how not to rape young women and how to eroticize trust and consent ; and until young women are supported in the way they need to be redefining their desires .
" Naomi Wolf , The Beauty Myth , p. 168 . .
" In everything men make , they hollow out a central place for death , let its rancid smell contaminate every dimension of whatever still survives .
Men especially love murder .
In art they celebrate it , and in life they commit it .
They embrace murder as if life without it would be devoid of passion , meaning , and action , as if murder were solace , still their sobs as they mourn the empitness and alienation of their lives .
" Andrea Dworkin , Letters from a War Zone , p. 214 ..
" One of the reasons that women are kept in a state of economic degradation - because that 's what it is for most women - is because that is the best way to keep women sexually available .
" Andrea Dworkin , Letters from a War Zone , p. 145 ..
" Romance is rape embellished with meaningful looks .
" Andrea Dworkin in the Philadelphia Inquirer , May 21 , 1995 ..
" Ninety - five percent of women 's experiences are about being a victim .
Or about being an underdog , or having to survive ... women did n't go to Vietnam and blow up things up .
They are not Rambo . " Jodie Foster in The New York Times Magazine , January 6 , 1991 , p. 19 ..
" All men are rapists and that 's all they are .
" Marilyn French in People , February 20 , 1983 ..
" All men benefit from rape , because all men benefit from the fact that women are not free in this society ; that women cower ; that women are afraid ; that women cannot assert the rights that we have , limited as those rights are , because of the ubiquitous presence of rape .
" Andrea Dworkin , Letters from a War Zone , p. 142 . .
" Men who are unjustly accused of rape can sometime gain from the experience .
" Catherine Comins , Vassar College Assistant Dean of Student Life in Time , June 3 , 1991 , p. 52 ..
" We have long known that rape has been a way of terrorizing us and keeping us in subjection .
Now we also know that we have participated , although unwittingly , in the rape of our minds .
" Historian Gerda Lerner in Who Stole Feminism : How Women Have Betrayed Women , p. 55 ..
" Only with the occasional celebrity crime do we allow ourselves to think the nearly unthinkable : that the family may not be the ideal and perfect living arrangement after all - that it can be a nest of pathology and a cradle of gruesome violence , ...
Even in the ostensibly " functional , " nonviolent family , where no one is killed or maimed , feelings are routinely bruised and often twisted out of shape .
There is the slap or the put - down that violates a child 's shaky sense of self , the cold , distracted stare that drives a spouse to tears , the little digs and rivalries ... Barbara Ehrenreich in Time Magazine
" The nuclear family is a hotbed of violence and depravity .
" Gordon Fitch
" How will the family unit be destroyed ?
...[ T ]he demand alone will throw the whole ideology of the family into question , so that women can begin establishing a community of work with each other and we can fight collectively .
Women will feel freer to leave their husbands and become economically independent , either through a job or welfare .
" Roxanne Dunbar in Female Liberation " Feminists have long criticized marriage as a place of oppression , danger , and drudgery for women .
Barbara Findlen , " Is Marriage the Answer ?
Ms Magazine , May - June , 1995
" We can't destroy the inequities between men and women until we destroy marriage .
Robin Morgan , from Sisterhood Is Powerful ( ed ) , 1970 , p. 537 " Marriage as an institution developed from rape as a practice .
Rape , originally defined as abduction , became marriage by capture .
Marriage meant the taking was to extend in time , to be not only use of but possession of , or ownership .
Only when manhood is dead -- and it will perish when ravaged femininity no longer sustains it " Andrea Dworkin" The cultural institutions which embody and enforce those interlocked aberrations -- for instance , law , art , religion , nation - states , the family , tribe , or commune based on father - right -- these institutions are real and they must be destroyed .
" Andrea Dworkin" I was struck by what a beneficial alternative to the nuclear family this arrangement [ communal housing and child raising ] was for these women and children .
" Lenore Walker , after visiting one of the early shelters for battered women , as cited in The Battered Woman , p.195
" The nuclear family must be destroyed , and people must find better ways of living together ....
Whatever its ultimate meaning , the break - up of families now is an objectively revolutionary process ....
No woman should have to deny herself any opportunities because of her special responsibilities to her children ...
Families will be finally destroyed only when a revolutionary social and economic organization permits people 's needs for love and security to be met in ways that do not impose divisions of labor , or any external roles , at all .
" Linda Gordon , " Functions of the Family , " WOMEN : A Journal of Liberation , Fall , 1969 " God is going to change .
We women ... will change the world so much that He wo n't fit anymore .
" Naomi Goldenberg , Changing of the Gods : Feminism and the End of Traditional Religions ( Quoted at beginning of From Father God to Mother Earth ) " We are , as a sex , infinitely superior to men ... " Elizabeth Stanton , One Woman , One Vote , Wheeler , p. 58 " Who cares how men feel or what they do or whether they suffer ?
They have had over 2000 years to dominate and made a complete hash of it .
Now it is our turn .
My only comment to men is , if you do n't like it , bad luck - and if you get in my way I 'll run you down .
" Signed : Liberated Women , Boronia .
( Herald - Sun , Melbourne , Australia - 9 February 1996 )
What do Jewish Voice for Peace , Madre , Amnesty International , New Israel Fund , American Friends Service Committee , Media Matters and Institute for Policy Studies all have in common ?
There has been a growing backlash since the San Francisco Jewish Community Federation first announced the most restrictive funding guidelines in the country .
The guidelines essentially ban recipients from giving voice to anyone who does n’t toe the line ( which the Federation ultimately determines ) on Israel .
No wonder the Bay Area Jewish intellectual class is in an uproar .
As UC Hebrew and Comparative Literature professor Chana Kronfeld says , “ All the major Israeli writers would probably be banned . ”
The Open Letter to Jewish Communities in the Forward signed by Bay Area Jewish academics , rabbis and other leaders , as well as coverage in Tablet , the Chronicle of Philanthropy and the New York Times reveals the extent to which concern about ideological policing is now a concern not just for the left but for the Jewish center .
However , what is not generally known is that the Fed ’s Jewish Community Endowment Fund has also quietly pulled a number of nonprofit organizations from their acceptable charities list in an apparent attempt to ensure ideological purity .
What are those groups ?
Using a bit of technical sleuthing ( and a tip - off from a donor ) , we ’ve been able to pinpoint thus far 6 nonprofits that have been pulled from the list : Jewish Voice for Peace , American Friends Service Committee , the Institute for Policy Studies , Madre , Global Exchange , and the National Lawyers Guild .
There is no reason to think there are n’t more – we will publicize those names as they become available .
This means supporters of these groups who keep funds in the Endowment Fund can no longer designate them as recipients .
Even more interesting , one can still designate money to the Hebron Fund , FLAME , and extremist settler militia funder , the Central Fund of Israel .
The implications of this new battle that mirrors the war on human rights groups in Israel have n’t been lost on Boston activists who , within weeks of the announcement of the SF guidelines , launched their own Boston Combined Jewish Philanthropies witch hunt .
( See embedded PDF file / link below - all articles from Boston ’s Jewish paper , the Jewish Advocate . )
Even The David Project founder Charles Jacobs weighs in on these so - called enemies of Israel : The American Friends Service Committee • Democracy Now ! • The Unitarian Universalist Service Committee ( UUSC ) • The Tides Foundation • Media Matters • The New Israel Fund • Brit Tzedek v’Shalom • Physicians for Social Responsibility • The Workmen ’s Circle • Amnesty International
Meanwhile NGO Monitor ’s Prof. Gerald Steinberg , a man who never met a human rights organization he did n’t hate , is speaking this week at the Annual Conference of the Association for Israel Studies , at the University of Toronto on “ Delegitimizing Israel : Can Jewish Philanthropy Change the Tide ? ”
Proposed Jewish Charity Blacklist in Boston : Not Pro-Israel Enough ?
Cecilie Surasky is the Deputy Director of Jewish Voice for Peace .
This post originally appeared on their blog Muzzlewatch .
First video comming in of crash site .
Polish President Dead
Image caption Most contemporary Jews descended from ancient residents of the Levant
Scientists have shed light on Jewish history with an in - depth genetic study .
The researchers analysed genetic samples from 14 Jewish communities across the world and compared them with those from 69 non-Jewish populations .
Their study , published in Nature , revealed that most Jewish populations were " genetically closer " to each other than to their non-Jewish neighbours .
It also revealed genetic ties between globally dispersed Jews and non-Jewish populations in the Middle East .
This fits with the idea that most contemporary Jews descended from ancient Hebrew and Israelite residents in the Middle Eastern region known as the Levant .
It provides a trace of the Jewish diaspora .
Doron Behar from Rambam Health Care Campus in Haifa , Israel , led an international team of scientists in the study .
He described it as a form of " genetic archaeology " .
" It seems that most Jewish populations and therefore most Jewish individuals are closer to each other [ at the genetic level ] , and closer to the Middle Eastern populations , than to their traditional host population in the diaspora , " he explained .
There were exceptions to this key finding , though , as Dr Behar explained .
He said that his research revealed that Ethiopian and Indian Jewish communities were genetically closer to their neighbouring non-Jewish populations .
This may be partly because a greater degree of genetic , religious and cultural crossover took place when the Jewish communities in these areas became established .
Novel analytical techniques allowed the scientists to examine the genetic samples they took in unprecedented detail .
Dr Behar says the data from this study could aid future research into the genetic basis of diseases that are more prevalent in the Jewish population .
The consumer group Choice says half the extra virgin olive oils it tested failed to meet international standards .
Choice got the NSW Government 's Olive Oil Testing Service to examine a single bottle of 28 popular brands taken from supermarket shelves , and found 14 did not meet the International Olive Council ( IOC ) standards for extra virgin oil .
Many of the oils were also given low scores by an expert tasting panel .
The best tasting olive oils were almost universally Australian made , with nine out of the top 10 tasting brands produced locally .
Choice says the best buys were the Coles Australian , Cobram Estate and Woolworths Select Australian extra virgin olive oils , which met the IOC standards , performed highly in the taste test , and were less expensive than some other local brands .
Choice says the better performance of local oils is largely because olive oil deteriorates with storage , transport and the amount of time after harvest before it is used .
" Extra virgin olive oil deteriorates with time and exposure to excess heat , oxygen and light , " Choice 's report noted .
It says some producers and retailers have responded to its report in an effort to improve freshness and quality .
" FoodWorks and Aldi are taking steps to rectify problems along the supply chain , while Ollo and Red Island have strengthened internal production processes to avoid quality issues , " it wrote .
" But distributors and producers of other oils that failed our tests have not indicated they will take any action . "
Choice says the results demonstrate the need for official testing to ensure that oils labelled extra virgin comply with minimum international standards .
" With the absence of any mandatory standard in Australia you have to trust that oil labelled " extra virgin " is the real deal , " said CHOICE spokesman Brad Schmitt in a statement .
" This means it 's been mechanically extracted from quality olives without the use of heat or chemical processes and has low acidity .
Unfortunately this is n't always the case . "
The full choice report is available here .
A search for clues to the famous astronomer ’s death and life
If everything goes according to plan , sometime in November a group of about a dozen Czech and Danish scientists will descend on the Church of Our Lady Before Týn on Old Town Square .
Soon thereafter , a man who has been dead for more than 400 years will say hello to the 21st century .
Tycho Brahe was the greatest astronomer of his time , a leading light in the court of Emperor Rudolf II in Prague .
But , at this point , it ’s safe to say he is more famous in death than he ever was in life – in science , for his precise observations of the heavens , and in popular culture , for the mysterious manner of his death .
After a royal banquet in 1601 , Brahe developed a urinary problem that grew steadily worse until he died 11 days later .
It ’s possible he suffered from a urinary infection or kidney failure .
But ever since mercury was discovered in samples of his beard taken during a 1901 exhumation , theories of mercury poisoning have grown in frequency and popularity .
Brahe was also an alchemist , so he handled mercury frequently and may even have taken it as medicine .
There have been theories of foul play as well , one suggesting that Brahe was deliberately poisoned by his colleague Johannes Kepler .
This , however , is not what is foremost in the mind of the scientist leading the November exhumation .
“ I do n’t know if it ’s possible to answer the question of how he died , ” said Jens Vellev , a medieval and Renaissance archaeologist from the University of Aarhus in eastern Denmark .
“ I think not .
I ’m more interested in how he lived . ”
Vellev is a serious Brahe scholar for whom the exhumation is only one part of a much larger tapestry .
He has spent a great deal of time on Hven , the Scandinavian island where Brahe had a grand residence and operated an observatory and paper mill before he accepted Rudolf ’s invitation to relocate to Prague in 1599 .
Ongoing excavation continues to reveal more about Brahe ’s life and work on Hven , where Vellev hopes one day to reconstruct the residence and observatory .
Next year , Vellev plans to publish a replica of Mechanica , the famous manual Brahe wrote explaining how the many astronomical instruments that he invented worked .
At one point , Vellev ran down the trail of a copy that made its way to China via a Jesuit missionary , and got a close look at a number of Brahe ’s instruments that the Chinese had made , which are still in existence in Beijing .
But Vellev ’s focus at the moment is on securing all the necessary permits to open Brahe ’s grave , which is why he was in Prague last week .
“ We do n’t absolutely have final permission , but we are very close , ” he said in an interview at his Wenceslas Square hotel .
Vellev also spent some time visiting the Nuclear Physics Institute , where some of the analyses of Brahe ’s bones and hair will be done .
Asked what he expects to find when he opens Brahe ’s grave , Vellev was candid : “ We do n’t know . ”
The 1901 exhumation was a rush job , he said .
“ They opened it to make sure he was there , took a quick look at the bones , and put them right back . ”
Moreover , fragments of the coffin and swatches of clothing were apparently given away to Danish tourists passing through the church .
This time , the approach will be much more scientific .
“ We will be doing very specialized analyses of his hair and bones for the first time , ” Vellev said .
“ We ’ll be looking not just for mercury , but for elements like calcium and magnesium .
We hope to learn not only how he died , but how he lived – what he ate , what medicines he took , if he had a serious disease as a child . ”
Vellev also hopes to get enough material to reconstruct the fabulous silk garment that Brahe was buried in .
“ It ’s not the most important thing , but it is a personal interest of mine , ” he said .
Does he have a favorite theory of how Brahe died ?
“ No , ” he said emphatically .
“ A lot has been written about this mercury , but it ’s all speculation .
There ’s not enough information to have a good theory .
I hope with our work , we can get more . ”
And his personal goal for the exhumation ?
“ I just hope to get a better picture of Tycho Brahe ’s life , and life during that time , ” he said .
“ As an archaeologist , if you exhume an anonymous person , it ’s not so interesting .
But if you can combine an exhumation with written sources , you can get much closer to your subject . ”
Whatever Vellev and his colleagues find , it will take a year or two to analyze it properly , with no guarantee what the results will show .
So the mystery of Brahe ’s death will linger , perhaps indefinitely .
But his life , like the stars he studied night after night , will almost certainly come into much sharper focus .
In an e-mail written six days before the Deepwater Horizon explosion , a BP engineer called the well a " nightmare . "
The e-mail was released Monday by the House Committee on Energy and Commerce , and it's one of many company documents describing the risky , cost - cutting decisions that preceded the disaster .
" This has been a nightmare well which has everyone all over the place , " wrote BP engineer Brian Morel to a colleague .
Morel wanted the company to use a " liner , " or sheath around the well that would keep gas from surging up the pipes and possibly exploding .
One such surge caused the Deepwater Horizon to temporarily shut down in early April , but BP opted against installing the liner , which would have cost an extra $ 7 million to $ 10 million .
" BP appears to have made multiple decisions for economic reasons that increased the danger of a catastrophic well failure , " wrote committee chairs Henry Waxman ( D - California ) and Bart Stupak ( D - Michigan ) in a letter to BP CEO Tony Hayward .
" In several instances , these decisions appear to violate industry guidelines and were made despite warnings from BP 's own personnel and its contractors .
In effect , it appears that BP repeatedly chose risky procedures in order to reduce costs and save time . "
In addition to BP 's decision not to use a liner , the committee 's letter describes four other examples of risky negligence .
Halliburton , the company responsible for cement in the well shaft , recommended using 21 " centralizers " to position the metal tube that ran down the center of the well .
An off - center tube would cause cement to harden at different rates , producing gaps and channels that could weaken its structure and increase chances of failure .
BP used just six centralizers .
A mid-April review of the well said " it is unlikely to be a successful cement job , " but BP declined to run a " cement bond log , " a day - long evaluation of the cement 's integrity .
A crew that arrived expecting to perform the evaluation was sent home .
BP also failed to circulate muds that filled the well as it was drilled .
That allowed mud that stayed on the bottom to absorb gas and debris , further weakening cement at the well 's base .
BP then decided not to use a " lockdown sleeve , " which would have secured the top of the well , where it emerged from the seafloor .
The full list of documents is located on the House committee 's website .
BP's Hayward testifies before the panel Thursday .
" We ask that you come prepared , " wrote Waxman and Stupak .
See Also :
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecological tipping points .
Continue reading the main story Related Stories
Researchers have discovered the fossilised remains of an ancient whale with huge , fearsome teeth .
Writing in the journal Nature , the scientists have dubbed the 12 million - year - old creature " Leviathan " .
It is thought to have been more than 17 m long , and might have engaged in fierce battles with other giant sea creatures from the time .
Leviathan was much like the modern sperm whale in terms of size and appearance .
Continue reading the main story “ Start Quote
At the same time in the same waters was another monster ... they might have fought each other ” End Quote Dr Christian de Muizon Natural History Museum , Paris
But that is where the similarity ends .
While the sperm whale is a relatively passive animal , sucking in squid from the depths of the ocean , Leviathan was an aggressive predator .
According to Dr Christian de Muizon , director of the Natural History Museum in Paris , Leviathan could have hunted out and fed on large sea creatures such as dolphins , seals and even other whales .
" It was a kind of a sea monster , " he said .
" And it 's interesting to note that at the same time in the same waters was another monster , which was a giant shark about 15 m long .
It 's possible that they might have fought each other " .
The researchers speculate that Leviathan was able to feed on very large prey up to 8 m long .
It would catch the prey in its huge jaws and tear it apart quickly and effectively with its giant teeth .
The Leviathan skull was discovered in 12 million year - old sediments in Peru
A 3m - long fossilised skull of the creature was discovered by researchers in southern Peru in 2008 .
Dr de Muizon 's student , Olivier Lambert was among them .
" It was the last day of our field trip when one of our colleagues came and told us that he thought he'd found something very interesting .
So we joined him and he showed it to us , " he said .
" We immediately saw that it was a very large whale and when we looked closer we saw it was a giant sperm whale with huge teeth . "
The teeth were more than twice the length and diameter of those found in modern sperm whales and they were on the upper and lower jaws .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Sperm whales only have teeth on their lower jaw .
Dr Lambert and his colleagues had speculated that such a fierce creature might once have existed on the basis of discoveries of individual teeth .
Now , the discovery of the skull means that the Leviathan is not merely the stuff of myth and legend .
" Finally we found it , " said Dr Lambert . "
It was a very exciting moment " .
The researchers do not know why this ancient whale died out .
They speculate that the ecology and environment changed so that the creature had to change its feeding habits .
That may have led to the emergence of today 's much gentler sperm whales , with the carnivorous niche filled by killer whales as conditions swung back again .
The authors of the report in Nature , who are all whale experts , are fans of the novel Moby Dick , which involves a ferocious white sperm whale .
So taken are they with the novel that they decided to dedicate their discovery to the author , Herman Melville , and give the creature its full scientific name of Leviathan melvillei .
It 's nothing to be ashamed of : you probably do n't write perfect JavaScript the first time .
While debugging JavaScript is usually done manually , today 's quick tip will teach you how to use JSLint , a tool for catching JavaScript bugs .
Think of it as spell - check for JavaScript .
Screencast
What is JSLint ?
Here 's Wikipedia 's definition of a Lint program :
In computer programming , lint was the name originally given to a particular program that flagged some suspicious and non-portable constructs ( likely to be bugs ) in C language source code .
The term is now applied generically to tools that flag suspicious usage in software written in any computer language .
JSLint is one such program for JavaScript , written by Douglas Crockford ( of course ) .
You hand it your JavaScript and it lets you know what to fix .
How do you use it ?
After you head over the JSLint Website , the first step is to choose the practices you want to enforce ; you can choose the Crockford - recommend settings by clicking the " Good Parts " button .
Then , paste in your JavaScript and hit the JSLint button .
If you 're code is less than perfect , you 'll get a list of errors to fix .
Before JSLint
After JSLint
Where can I learn more about JSLint ?
This page explains in depth the concepts behind JSLint .
Thanks for reading and watching !
RUMOR : A neogaf member has spotted an advertisement of the new Xbox 360 which will probably be revealed at Microsoft ’s E3 2010 press conference , in the span of next few hours .
The advertisement has revealed that the new model will be compatible with Kinetic Kinect ( Official new name for Natal ) , will fancy a 250 GB HDD and offer out - of - the - box wifi compatibility .
For now , that ’s all we know , but we ’ll keep you updated as things happen at E3 .
UPDATE : @Anon correctly pointed out that we had misspelt Kinect .
The hockey world awaits the fates of both Tyler Seguin and Taylor Hall .
Those awaiting word includes the players themselves .
Seguin , who was named the top prospect by the Canadian Hockey League this weekend , said he 's met with both the Edmonton Oilers ( who own the No. 1 pick in the upcoming draft ) and the Boston Bruins ( No. 2 ) .
Where Seguin ends up , however , is still a mystery to him .
" I have met with both those teams , the top two , " Seguin told NHL.com .
" They 've not given me any scoop on what they want to do . "
The Bruins do n't really have a choice in the matter , as the power rests in the hands of the Oilers , who have not tipped their hat in either direction .
While Seguin was being named the top prospect , Hall was busy becoming the first player to be named MVP of the Memorial Cup two years in a row .
Obviously , both players will become prizes for their respective teams , but both will want their names to be called first in Los Angeles on June 25 .
" It is important to me ( to be drafted first overall , " Seguin told NHL.com . " I 'm a hockey player .
I 'm a competitive guy .
I want to go No. 1 . "
Unlike many drafts , we all may not find out until the pick is announced .
BP is accused of destroying the wildlife and coastline of America , but if you look back into history you find that BP did something even worse to America .
They gave the world Ayatollah Khomeini .
Of course there are many factors that led to the Iranian revolution , but back in 1951 the Anglo - Iranian Oil Company - which would later become BP - and its principal owner the British government , conspired to destroy democracy and install a western - controlled regime in Iran .
The resulting anger and the repression that followed was one of the principal causes of the Iranian revolution in 1978 / 79 - out of which came the Islamist regime of Ayatollah Khomeini .
And what 's more , BP and the British government were so arrogant and bumblingly inept at handling the crisis that they had to persuade the Americans help them .
They did this by pretending there was a communist threat to Iran .
The American government , led by President Eisenhower , believed them and the CIA were instructed to engineer a coup which removed the Iranian prime minister Mohamed Mossadegh .
And the resulting anger at the coup among Iranians went very deep .
It is the root of why America is now known as " The Great Satan " in Iran , and why the American embassy in 1979 was hated as " the nest of spies " by the revolutionaries .
Here is part of a Timewatch programme made in 1984 about the crisis that led to the coup .
It tells the story of how Mossadegh decided to nationalise the Anglo Iranian Oil Company - and the subsequent behaviour of both the company and the Labour government of the time - especially the Foreign Secretary , Herbert Morrison , who wanted to invade Iran .
Just as a background to The Anglo Iranian Oil Company .
It had been created in 1901 and held a monopoly on Persian oil .
The contract was grossly unequal .
The company paid Iran only 16 % of the money it earned from selling the country 's oil .
But it was probably even less than that .
In 1950 alone the British company earned more in profit than it had paid Iran in royalties since 1901 .
The company promised to build facilities - schools and hospitals - for the Iranian workers .
But it did n't .
The workers lived in a fly - blown hell , a shanty town called Kaghazabad , or Paper City .
The workers were paid minimal wages and , as the film points out , the company decided to cut their hardship allowances in the middle of the crisis .
I very much like the archive that argues that only the British oil company has the skill to deal with disasters - in particular blow - outs and explosions at oil wells .
The Iranians would n't know how to put them out , it says .
But the British do and so should be allowed to stay in Iran because then it would be safe in British hands .
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
As the film makes clear , the British persuaded the Americans to mount a coup by telling them that Mossadegh was leading Iran towards communism - represented in Iran by the communist Tudeh party .
This was not true .
One of the leading Iranian historians , Maziar Behrooz , has stated simply
" The perceived Tudeh - communist - threat , as feared by the perpetrators of the coup , was not real . "
But the CIA , led by Allen Dulles , believed it .
Dulles sent the CIA 's top Middle East agent - called Kermit Roosevelt - to run Operation Ajax .
The plan , drawn up by the British and the Americans , was to bribe the street gangs of Tehran to create chaos , and then install an army general , General Zahedi , as prime minister .
The only problem was that the Shah of Iran - Mohammed Reza Shah - did n't want to join in the plot .
But then the Americans sent General Norman Schwarzkopf to the Shah 's palace .
( Schwarzkopf's son led Operation Desert Storm ) .
He bluntly told the Shah that he had no choice as Britain and America had already decided to go ahead .
Here is a picture of Schwarzkopf senior .
He is a fascinating character .
He set up a motorcycle task force to smash the mafia in America in the 1930s .
Then he narrated the radio series Gang Busters .
And he ended up helping create and train the Shah 's notorious secret police - the SAVAK .
Next to him is a picture of the young Kermit Roosevelt - before he got involved in regime change - sitting on his grandfather 's knee .
His grandfather was ex-President Theodore Roosevelt .
The coup succeeded and Mossadegh was overthrown .
But the price for the British was high .
The Anglo - Iranian Oil Company now had to share the oil - with the Americans .
A new consortium was formed .
The leading American oil companies took a 40 % share , while AIOC also had a 40 % share .
And in 1954 it changed its name to British Petroleum .
But the price for the Americans was also high .
They had got the oil , and they had installed a pliable dictator in Iran .
But the anger against their ruthless conspiracy was still seething - not just among the left but also among the conservative merchant class .
These two groups would come together under the leadership of Ayatollah Khomeini in 1978 - their persistent anger at America and Britain being the force that bound them together .
But British Petroleum did n't give up on trying to subvert and avoid the decisions of democratic governments .
In particular its own , British , government .
In 1965 the white minority Rhodesian government declared Independence from Britain to stop the imposition of what was called " majority rule " .
The Labour government imposed sanctions to try and topple the regime .
A number of countries broke the sanctions - including Iran .
But so did some British companies - notably two of the big oil companies - Shell and BP .
Here is a news report from 1978 where Frank Bough explains the very devious things that Shell and BP have been doing for ten years to break the sanctions .
He uses a big 3D map to explain how they got the oil in .
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
But at the very same time the BBC had decided to make an epic 9 - part documentary series about British Petroleum .
And in 1980 the films were shown at prime time on BBC - 2 .
They were presented by Trevor Philpott
The films were pretty sycophantic .
At that time BP was still owned by the British government - and what you see is one large state - run organisation paying its respects to another .
But one of the films is fascinating in the light of the present BP crisis .
It is about how the new intake of BP managers is selected , the kinds of training they get , and how they will progress up the company .
It was filmed in 1980 , two years before Tony Hayward joined BP .
And it gives a very clear picture of the culture that shaped him and many of the others that today run the company .
I particularly like the executive role - playing game - played in an old country mansion - using staplers .
But listen to the voices of the executives - and their tone .
In them you can hear the echoes of both the post - imperial arrogance and the lazy diffidence that led to the inept and cruel handling of the Abadan crisis back in 1951 .
And maybe to the inept and arrogant response to the crisis in America today .
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
WWE star Dave Batista appears set to sign for MMA promotion Strikeforce , if the wrestler himself is to be believed .
Batista , who stands aproximately 6ft 5 ″ and weighs 290lb , was one of the WWE ’s biggest stars , but he retired from the ring recently and was expected to pursue an acting career instead .
However in a brief interview with TMZ the 41 year - old states that he ’s going to fight for Strikeforce .
When asked who he would face in the cage he answered , “ I know but I ’m not telling you . ”
There ’s no confirmation from Strikeforce at this point that a deal has been done * but it should be noted that Batista was in attendance at last Wednesday ’s Strikeforce : LA event which indicates that the two parties are at least involved in talks .
It ’s also been reported in the past that the wrestler has an interest in the sport ( he was shown in the audience at UFC 82 back in March of 2008 ) and has been training in mixed martial arts for some time .
If he has indeed signed then it is a big move for Strikeforce in terms of his star power .
The fact that another former pro-wrestling heavyweight star Brock Lesnar is currently the biggest draw in the sport tells you all you need to know about the crossover appeal that could occur from such a move .
Of course Strikeforce already has one former WWE star on their books , namely Bobby Lashley , but Batista , who was a six - time champion in the WWE and has more mainstream recognition , would likely generate a great deal more interest than Lashley has so far .
There are potential pitfalls if he does fight for the promotion however .
For one thing he ’s proven to be injury prone during his wrestling career and he ’s also been caught up in allegations of steroid use in the past .
From an MMA purists stand - point there may also be a fear that this is another ‘ gimmick ’ like NFL legend Herschel Walker who will be given easy fights and take up valuable space on the main cards that should be reserved for more deserving and talented MMA fighters .
* Update : Strikeforce ’s Mike Afromowitz says that they have not signed the wrestler .
MMAjunkie do however report that there have been informal talks and a deal may indeed materialize at some stage .
Check out Batista ’s conversation with TMZ below .
—
—
And here ’s footage of Batista training at the Affliction gym a few months ago .
LEGO Harry Potter Conjures PC Demo , Launch Trailer The PC demo for TT Games ' magical action - adventure LEGO Harry Potter : Years 1 - 4 is available now in a 780 MB download from
Hitting PC , PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , Wii , Nintendo DS and PSP , TT Games ' magic action - adventure is due out tomorrow in Europe and will come to North America on June 29 .
There 's still no word on when the PS3 demo will be out , though as it was due in " late June " and there 's only PS Store update left this month , it 'll most likely arrive on Tuesday .
One Saturday , John was in the basement watching the end of a football game when his 8 - year - old daughter came down to ask when they ’d be leaving for the beach .
Just another 20 minutes or so , he told her .
“ Eventually , the game ended and we went out , ” John says .
“ But when I went to bed that night , I found this note sitting on my pillow .
The tragedy of it all , combined with the warning — and offset by the pretty border and the flower — really make for a lovely package . ”
related : Mad , but not mad enough to forego a French braid
The Best Party , who used Tina Turner 's song " Simply The Best " for their campaign , called for clean politics , free towels in city swimming pools and a polar bear for the zoo and took 34.7 percent of Saturday 's vote and six seats on the 15 - seat city council .
Why Digg is Better Than Reddit
Do you dig Digg ?
Are you sick and tired of Redditors claiming that Digg is dead ?
Put your fears at ease with this definitive list of reasons why Digg is better than Reddit .
( 08/13 ) Each month Radical will choose a new title to feature as the " Book of the Month " .
For this month Ryder on the Storm has been selected so visit the shop for special offers !
A recent verdict resulting from a table saw injury raises the issue of whether stricter safety regulations will be imposed on manufacturers .
A compelling factor in the case involved SawStop 's blade - stopping device , which was not on the saw that caused the injury .
Carlos Osorio of Malden , Mass. , severely injured his fingers several years ago in a table saw accident while laying hardwood floors .
In March , Osorio was awarded $ 1.5 million through a jury verdict that found One World Technologies Inc. of Anderson , S.C. , maker of Ryobi saws , guilty of negligence in manufacturing and a breach of warranty of merchantability .
" The jury found for us on both counts , " says Osorio 's lawyer , Richard Sullivan , of Sullivan and Sullivan in Wellesley Heights , Mass .
" They found that the saw was defective . "
Sullivan filed a lawsuit in 2006 in U.S. District Court in Boston .
He says that even after multiple surgeries and medical bills reaching six figures , Osorio's hand is permanently fixed in one position because of two severed tendons .
Osorio , now 30 , is a Columbian native who had a translator throughout the trial .
Laws supporting the verdict
In Massachusetts , a comparative negligence standard is used , which means if a consumer himself is determined to be 50 percent or less negligent , he can still recover , Sullivan explains .
In the Osorio case , the jury assigned 35 percent negligence to Osorio , and 65 percent negligence to Ryobi .
But because the saw was also deemed defective , the negligence percentage of the user did n't matter .
The breach of warranty of merchantability is a form of strict product liability , making the manufacturer liable for damages regardless of a product user 's own mistake .
" If it was only a negligence claim , it would have been reduced by 35 percent .
But because it was a defective saw - according to the jury - they found a breach of warranty of merchantability , then there is no reduction for negligence . "
Ryobi had 28 days from the verdict to file an appeal .
But by mid-April no appeal had been filed , according to the clerk 's office .
" We do n't think there was an appealable error here .
[ The defense ] had a full opportunity to put in their evidence .
If anything , the judge bent over backwards to allow the defendants to put in whatever they wanted and was somewhat restrictive in terms of what we could get in , so I do n't see any grounds for an appeal here , " says Sullivan .
" We are evaluating the results with our lawyers , and evaluating how to proceed , " says Jason Swanson , a spokesman for One World Technologies , in a prepared statement .
" Notwithstanding the outcome of this trial and any possible appeal , we remain confident that the saw which was the subject of this lawsuit was well - designed and manufactured with all due consideration for the needs and safety of the consumer . "
The Home Depot , where the saw was purchased , was also a defendant , but the jury decided it was not liable .
Sullivan says that finding is inconsistent with Massachusetts law , which basically says that if a saw is found defective under implied warranty , the seller of the saw is liable without regard to fault .
If there is an appeal , the plaintiff 's legal team will raise that issue .
It would not have an impact on the amount set in the verdict .
SawStop 's involvement
Videos of SawStop 's safety device were shown at the trial and testimony was provided by inventor Stephen Gass .
Gass testified that his technology could be put on a smaller saw , such as the Ryobi BTS 15 involved in the accident .
Gass explained that Ryobi had a chance to patent the device and signed a license agreement in 2002 .
When he noticed a typo in the agreement and called Ryobi back for a correction , the delays began , and after several attempts , Ryobi never followed through .
" The basic theory of the case was that the saw should have had something like SawStop - either SawStop or something that the industry has developed on its own to prevent such an injury .
The question in debate was whether SawStop would have prevented the injury and whether SawStop was technically viable with the saw .
The jury found that it was and that it would have prevented the injury , " says Gass in an interview with Woodshop News .
" Therefore , the design of the bench - top table saw was defective because it did not have a system to protect the user in the event of contact .
That 's a big deal in terms of the statement this sends to manufacturers about making their saws reasonably safe . "
The phrase " reasonably safe " comes down to an economic test , explains Gass .
It would n't make sense to put a $ 1 million device on a $ 100 saw to prevent injuries .
The test is whether the cost is more to prevent the injury than the cost of the injuries that would be prevented .
Initiation of claim
While Osorio brought this claim himself , his company 's workers ' compensation insurer in Massachusetts had experienced enough table saw injuries to hire his legal team as a third - party plaintiff .
The insurer will get back whatever the dollar amount paid in medical bills and the plaintiff 's out - of - work expenses from the verdict amount .
The plaintiff 's co-counsel , George Carpinello , explained that workers ' compensation insurers are looking for legal help with similar claims .
" Some of our clients , five major insurance companies around the country , have said enough is enough .
Steven Gass introduced this technology to Ryobi back in the fall of 2000 .
And Ryobi reviewed the technology briefly , negotiated with Gass for over a year , signed a contract with Gass to use the technology and then never did anything . "
Ryobi offered depositions at trial from their representatives .
Gass and the plaintiff 's legal team both said these depositions revealed that Ryobi representatives pointed fingers at each other about the contract not being put into effect .
Carpinello adds that because of the lawsuit , the Consumer Product Safety Commission is considering a rule requiring flesh - detection technology on table saws .
" That process has not formally been initiated , but we know that last fall the Power Tool Institute ( a group of power tool manufacturers ) went back to the CPSC and urged them not to adopt the rule ; and Gass went down and urged them to adopt the rule .
Our understanding is that the commission directed the staff to begin the rulemaking process , although the rule has not yet been published in the Federal Register . "
More suits ?
Gass says the precedent being formed is one he 's foreseen for a long time .
" I think this establishes what I have thought all along and that is that saws that do n't incorporate SawStop being sold today are unreasonably dangerous and defective and should not be sold .
I do n't think it is ethical or responsible for a manufacturer today to produce a table saw without something to protect the user beyond the standard guards , " says Gass .
Sullivan confirmed that he and Carpinello are involved in approximately 60 pending lawsuits throughout the U.S. against table saw manufacturers for failing to adopt the SawStop blade - stopping device .
Half of the pending lawsuits involve Ryobi .
" We 're working mainly on suits against Ryobi , which is by far the biggest , because Ryobi is a big seller and a lot of these accidents occur on the lower - end saws , " he says .
Carpinello says there are numerous misinterpretations of this outcome , many of which are found on blogs and other media discussion forums relating to articles on this lawsuit .
One misleading implication , he says , is that this case and similar cases will lead to more frivolous lawsuits , such as employees suing their employers for hammering their finger .
" The only reasons these [ table saw ] lawsuits exist is we have documented technology [ SawStop ] that says you put your finger into a blade for whatever reason and that blade is going to retract such that you 're going to have a minor scratch in 99 percent of the cases ... and manufacturers presented with that technology say they 're not going to use it . "
— Jennifer Hicks
Bad science and Biodynamics of course !
Well , Biodynamics , that is , from a certain point of view !
I ’d like to follow - up my January 5 post , POSTMODERNISM , RATIONALISM & BIODYNAMICS with some real - life examples of how science polices itself , seemingly fails , and can become a captive of the political system .
This may also help explain why so many folks distrust science and scientists , and thus can accept Steiner ’s claim that he goes beyond science .
But there is a happy ending – good honest scientists and science win out in the long run .
Allow me to re-work a wonderful phrase from Lincoln – you can fool all of the scientists some of the time , and some of the scientists all of the time , but you ca n’t fool all the scientists all of the time .
The New York Times , The New Yorker and The San Francisco Chronicle all have had recent articles which I believe bear on the Biodynamic farming controversy .
The New York Times and The New Yorker articles detail stories on how scientific research is faltering – yet make a great point about how difficult and complicated and how very messy really good science is .
The Chronicle ’s article is about the California Air Resources Board ( CARB ) overstating diesel pollution levels by 340 % – to advance a political agenda .
Nobel Winner in Physiology Retracts Two Papers , The New York Times , September 24 , 2010 .
This is a short article about Linda Buck , who shared the Nobel Prize for work with the sense of smell , retracting one paper each from the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences and the journal Science because key findings could not be reproduced .
I suspect that Rudolf Steiner would likely use these retractions to show , yet again , how limiting science is and how science gets it wrong so often .
Not me .
I view this as a scientific success story .
Research paper gets presented , questions arise , and the results ca n’t be reproduced so the paper gets retracted .
Science , overcomes a setback , and moves closer to revealing a truth .
It was n’t good research to begin with , or possibly worse , so what ’s not to like with the outcome ?
Contrast that to Biodynamics .
Can someone show me the rigorous peer reviewed research that demonstrates burying a cow horn transmits cosmic energy into the earth ?
Have others successfully reproduced that ( non-existent ) research ?
Yeah , I ’m still waiting too .
BTW , the research that Linda Buck did to share that Prize was not the research which was retracted ; she was not the lead author and it was not her data that were brought into question .
The Truth Wears Off , by Jonah Lehrer , The New Yorker , December 13 , 2010 .
Here is a provocative article looking at science and how research is n’t holding up to scrutiny over time , at least in the fields of psychology and ecology .
As the saying goes , it ’s the talk of the town , in part , because David Brooks gave it one of his Sydney Awards .
It ’s a wonderful read .
The term that Lehrer is focusing on is called the “ decline effect , ” which was originally coined by Joseph Banks at Duke University when he was researching ESP .
Banks had some test subjects who demonstrated remarkable ESP abilities , well above the statistical chance threshold , but as time went on the test results became unremarkable , just as ordinary as guessing .
Jonathan Schooler , from University of Washington , did some remarkable work with language and memory which included remembering the tastes of wine .
Unfortunately , as time went on he too had difficulty replicating his work .
He then began to wonder if there might be a broader problem with research in his field of psychology ; after all , what good is research if it ca n’t hold up to time and be replicated ?
Is it just the decline effect or something more ?
Schooler identified a flaw , works on understanding why the flaw occurs and then works to find a solution .
This is good science ; this is how it ’s supposed to work .
Again , if Steiner could have read this article , I suspect he would have used it to sneer at and deride modern science .
And again , not me .
Science is not a clean process , it ’s messy , it ’s challenging and it ’s very , very hard to prove things , especially in the social sciences and new fields like ecology .
In science , failures are valuable because they narrow the search for the truth .
Unfortunately , it seems most Americans scan the headlines on TV or glimpse a newspaper and it seems that bad science gets bigger headlines than good science .
They get confused with the mixed messages , do n’t understand the process and tune out .
Just look at global warming .
How can ordinary people be expected to sort out what is true when both sides seem to have scientists taking exactly opposite positions ?
Particularly irritating to me is the October 8 , 2010 San Francisco Chronicle article “ Overestimate fueled state ’s landmark diesel law . ” CARB has a political agenda , which was to garner support for their proposed air quality regulations , which when passed became the most restrictive air standards in the country , and it seems that a little something like science was n’t going to get in their way .
Fortunately , a couple of top - notch scientists , one from UC Berkeley ( go Bears ! ) and one from the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory , got together and did their own work and guess what , CARB had overstated the pollution numbers by 340 % .
A simple accident , or something else ?
And if that was n’t enough , sometime in 2008 Mary Nichols , Chairwoman of CARB , learned that their lead researcher lied on his job application about his PhD and Nichols kept that information from the rest of her Board .
Only because Board member Dr. John Telles did his own investigation and discovered the truth did Chairwoman Nichols confess to her board about the deception and cover-up .
This confession occurred one day before the board voted on very stringent regulations which were based on this researcher ’s data .
Here ’s what I think are some of the take away message from these three vignettes :
Be skeptical , and then be skeptical some more .
Be patient , sometimes it takes a very long time to sort out fact from fantasy .
With science , as with many other issues , especially politics , follow the money , the agenda and / or who ’s to gain before blindly accepting some fact or theory .
Science is practiced by humans and we humans are flawed .
Even the best scientists get it wrong once in a while .
The scientists — the good and honest ones — eventually get it right and advance our understanding of our universe .
Would n’t it be nice if Biodynamic promoters had such rigorous standards to back up their claims of superiority ?
Stuart Smith
David Kotok of Cumberland Advisors is back with the latest in his must - read and sobering series dubbed Oil - Slickonomics .
This time , rather than focusing on the immediate economic impacts of the disaster , he looks ahead to what it means for the industry .
The oil and gas industry in the GOM has permanently changed because of this event .
One can relate this to Three Mile Island ( TMI ) and its profound impact on the nuclear power industry .
It took more than thirty years to overcome the psychological and political damage done by TMI , and there was no actual nuclear leakage .
We estimate that Deepwater Horizon may end up larger in national impact than the nuclear event decades ago .
It is important to understand the scope of the Gulf of Mexico in US and global energy terms .
GOM “ accounts for 12 % of the world ’s active jack - up rigs and 16 % of active floating rigs .
In 2009 the Gulf accounted for 19 % of the operating revenues of the nine largest US - listed offshore drilling contractors .
The Gulf ’s share of global capital spending on subsea production equipment was 20 % in 2009 .
Slightly less than 2 % of world crude oil production came from the Gulf last year .
Of total US crude oil and natural gas production in 2009 , 30 % and 13 % ( respectively ) came from the Gulf . ” ( Source : Citi )
There is no way to currently assess what the implications of the Gulf events will be for offshore oil - drilling activity elsewhere in the world .
Our expectation is that the oil business is about to enter a period of intense scrutiny and regulation worldwide .
It will confront higher cost structures and much more inspection and regulation .
This will eventually be reflected in higher oil prices .
And the kicker :
These strategic cost changes will pile on the geopolitical risks associated with oil .
The current news from the Middle East is an example of cause with the outcome being a higher oil price .
References
1 Albanese , Marilia .
India : Treasure from an Ancient World .
Vercelli , Italy : White Star , s.p.a. , 2001 .
2Basham , A.L. The Wonder That Was India .
London , England : Sidgwick & Jackson , 1967 .
3 Callard , Abby .
" Kitchen of the Golden Temple . " Smithsonian .
Accessed : June 28 , 2017 .
4 Carrington , Damian .
“ Kumbh Mela . ” New Scientist .
January 2001 .
Accessed : June 29 , 2009 .
5 “ Chess . ” Online Etymology Dictionary .
Douglas Harper , Historian .
Accessed : June 30 , 2008 .
6 " Did You Know We Produce 70 % Of The World 's Spices ?
Here 's Incredible India In Numbers . " India Times .
Accessed : June 28 , 2017 .
7 Gentleman , Amelia .
“ India ’s Lost Daughters : Abortion Toll in the Millions . ” The NewYork Times .
January 2006 .
Accessed : June 29 , 2009 .
8 Grihault , Niki . Culture Smart !
India .
New York , NY : Kuperard , 2003 .
9 Harris , Gardiner .
" Cities in India Among the Most Polluted , W.H.O. Says . "
The New York Times .
May 8 , 2014 .
Accessed : June 28 , 2017 .
10 Hindley , Matthew .
" Why British Love a Good Curry . " Tea Time .
Accessed : June 28 , 2017 .
11 “ India . ” CIA.gov .
June 2009 .
Accessed : June 29 , 2009 .
12 " India has More Mobile Phones than Toilets : UN Report . "
The Telegraph .
April 15 , 2010 .
Accessed : June 28 , 2017 .
13 “ Indians Abroad . ” Indobase .
Accessed : June 28 , 2009 .
14 Khullar , Rupindar .
India : Land of Celebration .
San Rafael , CA : Mandala Publishing , 2005 .
15 Phillips , Catherine .
" India Tops Global Slavery Index With Over 14 Million Enslaved . "
Newsweek .
November 17 , 2014 .
Accessed : June 28 , 2017 .
16Putul , Alok Prakash .
" Farmers Tackle Pests with Cola . " BBC .
Accessed : June 28 , 2017 .
17 Rosen , Steven J. The Hidden Glory of India .
Los Angeles , CA : The Bhaktivedanta Book Trust , 2002 .
18 Srinivasan , Radhika and Leslie Jermyn .
Cultures of the World : India .
New York , NY : Benchmark Books , 2002 .
19 Swan , Erin Pembrey .
India : Enchantment of the World .
New York , NY : Scholastic , Inc. , 2002 .
20 Tepper , Rachel .
" World ’s Meat Consumption : Luxembourg Eats The Most Per Person , India The Least . "
HuffPost .
May 3 , 2015 .
Accessed : June 28 , 2017 .
21 " The World 's Biggest Family : The Man with 39 Wives , 94 Children and 33 Grandchildren . "
Daily Mail .
February 19 , 2011 .
Accessed : June 28 , 2017 .
22 Tortora , Phyllis and Keith Eubank .
A Survey of Historic Costume .
3rd ed. New York , NY : Fairchild Books and Visuals , 1998 .
As Tea Party protests pop up in places like Moscow , Tel Aviv and the Hague , Americans may question whether the Tea Party platform can cross international and cultural borders .
For activists outside the U.S. , the answer is a resounding “ yes . ”
“ I think the message of the American Revolution is global .
The message of natural , unalienable rights , the message of opposition to tyrannical government — that ’s not just well - known , that ’s universal , ” Boris Karpa , organizer of the Israeli Tea Party , told The Daily Caller in an e-mail .
“ As you know well , many countries have based their founding documents on the U.S. Declaration of Independence or other American documents . ”
Although several international organizers had never even heard of the Boston Tea Party until U.S. protests brought the events of 1773 back into the spotlight , they now wear the Tea Party badge proudly as an example of American exceptionalism worth emulating .
“ This [ Tea Party ] title is ideal for Russia , ” Max Kronos , organizer of the Moscow Tea Party , told The Daily Caller in an e-mail .
“ This event has forever gone down in history — in Russia , such events have not happened . ”
That ’s not to say the Tea Party moniker has always been helpful .
“ The mainstream media calls the U.S. Tea Parties a bunch of gun-loving racist rednecks , ” Roy Hofkamp , organizer of the Dutch Tea Party , told The Daily Caller in an e-mail .
“ That image in the media was not an advantage for us , but fortunately more and more Dutch people get their news from foreign media and they knew our intentions were good . ”
Those intentions — laissez - faire capitalism , low taxes and fewer regulations — cross boundaries .
Each Tea Party does , though , hold particular outrage for specific policies in its individual country .
For Hofkamp , the burning issue is immigration reform .
“ We pay 50 percent in taxes .
Our social security is so high that people refuse to get back to work and stay for years in social security .
More than 30 percent of all non-Western immigrants [ enter ] into social security and never [ get ] out of it , ” Hofkamp said .
“ So they come here for economic reasons and benefit on the surplus of the working class .
We think it ’s about time to stand up against that . ”
Karpa said reinvigorating Israel ’s stagnating business climate is one of his group ’s principle planks .
“ I hope that we ’ll be able to bring the attention of the public and the media to the fact that high taxes and regulations are strangling this country ’s economy , ” Karpa said .
“ It takes about five days on average to set up a new business in America — in Israel it ’s more than a month . ”
Kronos cites , “ The Federal Law on Basics of State Regulations of Trade Activities in the Russian Federation # 381- FZ , ” signed by Russian president Dmitry Medvedev on Dec. 29 as his initial motivation for organizing .
The law allows the government to put price ceilings on food products , and forbids retailers from opening new shops in areas where they have over 25 percent market share .
Kronos compared the Russian economy to the dystopia in Ayn Rand ’s novel “ Atlas Shrugged . ”
“ In the new conditions , to start a business from scratch is nearly impossible , ” Kronos said .
So like the U.S. Tea Party protesters that inspired them , they organize to spread their message and promote their objectives .
The Moscow Tea Party gathered 250 people in three cities on April 25 .
The Dutch Tea Party protested with 80 people and five guest speakers in front of the Netherlands ’ parliament building on May 29 .
And the Israeli group will hold its first rally , to celebrate “ Tax Freedom Day , ” on July 16 in front of Tel Aviv ’s City Hall .
“ We will arrive with protest signs and flags — both Israeli flags and Gadsden Flags , ” Karpa said .
“ We ’ve even arranged to have several Gadsden flags produced with ‘ Do n’t Tread on Me ’ printed on them in Hebrew . ”
As the movements grow , organizers hope they will coalesce into a transnational organization , especially in Europe , where much the political and decision - making power rests with the EU .
“ More and more European parliamentarians want to introduce a European - wide tax system .
We already gave up our immigration — the EU decides who gets into our country and who doesn’t , ” Hofkamp said .
“ The Italian Tea Party and our party have good contact and we hope that more countries will follow .
We are working on ideas to unite soon in Brussels , in front of the EU - parliament . ”
It remains to be seen whether Tea Party groups , both international and domestic , will ultimately achieve their goal of halting , even temporarily , the leftward ratchet of growing government .
But in the end , whether individual organizations rise or fall , the most profound influence of the Tea Party story is n’t about any specific issue , platform or policy — it ’s about the process .
“ People are re-learning that popular movements are not just the province [ of ] socialists and supporters of big - government policies , ” Karpa said .
Boarding party troops in deadly flotilla raid confiscated cards and spent on them , claim campaigners who were on board
Israeli troops have been accused of stealing from activists arrested in the assault on the Gaza flotilla after confiscated debit cards belonging to activists were subsequently used .
In their raid of 31 May , the Israeli army stormed the boats on the flotilla and , as well as money and goods destined for the Palestinian relief effort in Gaza , the bulk of which have yet to be returned , took away most of the personal possessions of the activists when taking them into custody .
Individual soldiers appear to have used confiscated debit cards to buy items such as iPod accessories , while mobile phones seized from activists have also been used for calls .
Ebrahim Musaji , 23 , of Gloucester , has a bank statement showing his debit card was used in an Israeli vending machine for a purchase costing him 82 p on 9 June .
It was then used on a Dutch website , www.thisipod.com, twice on 10 June : once for amounts equivalent to £ 42.42 and then for £ 37.83 .
And a Californian activist , Kathy Sheetz , has alleged that she has been charged more than $ 1,000 in transactions from vending machines in Israel since 6 June .
Musaji and Sheetz were on board two separate boats – one the Mavi Marmara , on which nine Turkish activists were killed , the other on the Challenger 1 .
Both activists only entered Israel when arrested , and were in custody for their entire time on Israeli soil .
" They 've obviously taken my card and used it , " Musaji told the Guardian .
" When they take things like people 's videos and debit cards and use them , and their mobile phones , it becomes a bit of a joke .
" We were held hostage , we were attacked , and now there 's been theft .
If the police confiscate your goods in the UK , they 're not going to use your goods and think they can get away with it . "
Musaji cancelled his card on 7 June , the day after he returned to Britain , where he is a support worker for adults with learning difficulties .
His bank has agreed to treat the transactions as fraudulent and he will not be charged for them .
His mobile phone was also used for two short calls in Israel after it had been confiscated .
Another American activist , David Schermerhorn , 80 , from Washington state , claims his iPhone was used , while Manolo Luppichini , an Italian journalist , said his card was debited with the equivalent of € 54 after it was confiscated .
Activists say Israel still has possession of at least £ 1 m of goods and cash , comprising aid and personal possessions , including laptops and cameras .
Some passports , three of them belonging to British citizens , have still not been returned .
On Thursday , delegations in 12 countries , including the UK , held meetings with their respective governments to exert pressure on Israeli to return the seized property .
A spokeswoman for the Israeli embassy in London advised Musaji to register a formal complaint .
" We regard any misconduct as described in Mr Musaji 's allegations to be utterly unacceptable and intolerable , and suggest waiting until this subject matter is clarified , " she said .
" As had happened previously , an Israeli soldier was found guilty of illegal use of a credit card for which he was indicted and sentenced to seven months ' imprisonment . "
Police use iPhone app that can identify a suspect by taking a photo of their face
Police in the US are using an iPhone app to take photos of suspects and instantly compares them with a criminal database .
The app employs biometric information such as facial recognition software to help police identify suspects within seconds .
Known as MORIS ( Mobile Offender Recognition and Identification System ) , the system lets police officers take a photo of a suspect , upload it into a secure network where it is then analysed .
[ caption ]
The system itself has been around for a number of years but this is the first time the iPhone ’s unique combination of easy interface and high - end capability have been used by the police in this way .
If a biometric match is made , the identity , photo and background information about the suspect is transmitted back to the police officer 's iPhone and displayed .
The app will be used by the gang unit at Brockton police in Massachusetts at first although if it is a success it will be taken on by other parts of the force .
It will eventually be used by 28 police departments and 14 sheriff departments in the state .
‘ This is something the officers can access when they are out on the road , ’ Police Chief William Conlon said .
Brockton is the first police force in the US to use the device – other departments are expected to receive them shortly .
The iPhone being used in Brockton equipped with the facial recognition application but iris and fingerprint identification applications are expected to be added in time .
‘ We are not going to just randomly stop people , ’ Conlon said .
‘ It will be used when someone has done something . ’
[ caption ]
Sean Mullin , CEO of BI2 Technologies , the firm that developed the technology , said : ' MORIS finally gives law enforcement the most essential tool they need on the street – the ability to know exactly who they are dealing with , and the background and risk factors associated with that individual , in seconds .
' The need and demand for the capability provided by MORIS is overwhelming .
It is not an overstatement to say that this may be the most significant technological advance for law enforcement since the introduction of radios .
It ’s that significant . '
Mullin said that BI2 Technologies expects that ' MORIS will be used to quickly identify convicted sex offenders , illegal immigrants , gang members and individuals with outstanding warrants in seconds . '
Minput : Enabling Interaction on Small Mobile Devices with High - Precision ,
Low - Cost , Multipoint Optical Tracking
The mass production of optical mice has made the highly sophisticated sensors on which they rely very inexpensive .
Additionally , advances in electronics and optics have yielded sensors that are both small and extremely precise .
A generic optical mouse , costing only a few dollars , is capable of capturing and comparing surface images several thousand times per second .
Often , this high resolution enables their use on a variety of surfaces - both traditional ( e.g. , mouse pads , tables ) and ad hoc ( e.g. , palms , pants , bed covers , papers ) .
Vision - based interaction techniques tend to heavily tax even modern mobile device processors and batteries .
Fortunately , the optical sensors we employ have dedicated , highly efficient processors that handle most of the computation with negligible power consumption .
The central idea behind Minput is simple : place two optical tracking sensors on the back of a very small device .
This allows the whole device to be manipulated for input , enabling many interesting interactions with excellent physical affordances .
This could allow for the creation of e.g. , a matchbook - sized media player that is essentially all screen on its front side .
The device could be operated using any convenient surface , e.g. , a table or palm .
The use of two tracking elements enables not only conventional x/y tracking , but also rotation , providing a more expressive design space .
The latter motion is calculated by taking the difference in velocities of the two sensors .
Download
Reference
Harrison , C. and Hudson , S. E. 2010 .
Minput : Enabling Interaction on Small Mobile Devices with High - Precision , Low - Cost , Multipoint Optical Tracking .
In Proceedings of the 28th Annual SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems ( Atlanta , Georgia , April 10 - 15 , 2010 ) .
CHI ' 10 .
ACM , New York , NY .
1661-1664 .
Residents of San Mateo County , California are hearing an unusual sound on the 89.3 frequency of their FM radios these days .
Commercial - free radio programmed by real , local people .
San Francisco - based Pirate Cat Radio has put KPDO on the air full - time .
The station ’s new home , nestled among coastal farmlands , is about an hour south from the studio cafe in San Francisco ’s Mission District .
ADVERTISEMENT
Pirate Cat Radio founder Daniel Roberts and his crew took over the radio frequency May 8 , after years of defying the Federal Communications Commission by broadcasting without a license .
Roberts was recently fined by the FCC for just that , as Jennifer Waits writes in Spinning Indie .
So , faced with staying off the air for good , Roberts – also known as Monkey – worked out an agreement with Pescadero Radio Service to operate the unused frequency and began training locals to host their own shows .
News stories about Pescadero , like the investigation uncovering two labor camps in rural Pescadero where families have been drinking unhealthy levels of nitrate - contaminated water for years , will make their way to the radio airwaves for the first time .
KPDOÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s license was going to disappear , Roberts told The Daily Journal , until he brought an engineer in to resurrect the station .
Local residents have very little else to turn to for locally - originated content on the radio .
Waits writes :
Daniel was dismissive when I asked him about KLSI , saying that the station is run by a guy from out of town and that it ’s “ basically a jukebox from Florida . ”
Daniel said that the owner of KLSI runs a bunch of radio stations and that he ’s not connected with the local community and added , “ Scum of the earth are people who treat radio like real estate . ”
I told Daniel that I ’d heard that UC Santa Cruz had been helping out with KPDO about a year ago and asked him what happened .
He said that UC Santa Cruz had made an offer to purchase the station , but that the owner of KLSI contested that purchase .
Apparently because of the related legal fees , UC Santa Cruz pulled out , leaving the future of KPDO uncertain .
I asked Daniel why KLSI was n’t taking issue with his takeover of KPDO and he said that it ’s because he ’s just running the station and the license is n’t being transferred .
Roberts will continue to manage the Pirate Cat Radio cafe 50 miles north .
During the middle of the 19th century , a young Frenchman by the name of Auguste Mariette was exploring Egypt in search for Coptic manuscripts for the Louvre Museum .
He became enamored with the surrounding history of Saqqara ( or Sakkara ) and Memphis , so much so that he forgot his main purpose .
It was at this time that he made one of most startling discoveries at Serapeum , the tombs of the Apis Bulls .
Statue of Apis at the Louvre Museum
Source
Auguste Mariette proceeded to hire several workmen and over a four year period , did extensive digging in the area .
He soon came to notice a sphinx from the alleged avenue of sphinxes that led to ruins of the Serapeum .
It would take him several years to uncover the huge Serapeum , the burial place of the sacred Apis Bulls .
At the same time , however , to make up for squandering so much time in the desert , he collected numerous amounts of antiquities for the Louvre Museum .
Upon returning to Egypt , the Khedive of Egypt , Ismail Pasha , appointed him conservator of monuments in 1858 and Mariette spent the rest of his life preserving the Egyptian past .
Of course , this position was given to him after he expressed his dissatisfaction as an academic , believing his achievement at the site of Serapeum made him more deserving of a higher position .
The History of the Apis Bulls at Serapeum
Source ( photo from a private German page by Mr. Erdmann )
The god Apis was an Egyptian fertility deity who became associated with Ptah , who in Memphis was considered to be the creator of the primeval mound .
He was known to bring all things to life simply by using words or their specific names .
As a manifestation of Ptah , Apis also was considered to be a symbol of the pharaoh , personifying the qualities of kingship .
There is a theory that suggests Ptah , called Hwt - ka - Ptah , translated in Greek as Aiguptos .
This is the word from which the name of Egypt was derived .
The priests chose either a black or black and white Apis bull to act as an incarnation for Ptah .
The bulls would typically live for twenty years or so .
In earlier years , the body of the bull would be cooked and eaten by the pharaoh and his priests , leaving behind only scraps to be buried .
In later years , the bodies of the Apis Bulls were embalmed and ceremonially buried in a stone sarcophagus , sometimes weighing up to 80 tons .
Source
The Apis bulls were buried in an underground tomb , now known as Serapeum , which formed a complex of tunnels and porticos .
It was here that Auguste Mariette discovered human - headed jars containing the viscera of bulls .
Although Serapeum survived into the Christian time , it was finally closed in 398CE .
Auguste Mariette Recollects His Journey
Auguste Mariette remembers his excavations of Serapeum vividly saying , “ Serapeum is a temple built without any plan .
In certain places the sand is , so to speak , fluid and presents as much difficulty in excavating as if it were water .
It was these circumstances that the work proved so long , and I was compelled to spend four years in the desert - four years , however , I can never regret ” .
More articles by Lauren
Akrotiri : Proposed Site of the Famous City of Atlantis
Anthropology Study : The Road to Thull
Anthropology Study : What Three Things Do You Think Makes Someone An Adult ?
History of The Kasubi Hill Tombs of the Buganda Kings
The Versailles of Spain
The politician , a retired police captain , is the latest to speak out on the trend .
He follows Larry Platt , an American Idol performer who became an internet sensation earlier this year with his song " Pants on the Ground " .
Even Barack Obama has previously said : " Some people might not want to see your underwear .
I 'm one of them . "
What is a Dirty Hippie ?
You know us as a bunch of godless commie lib'rul political bloggers .
But what you did n't know is that we love talking sports just as much as we hate your freedom .
Editor 's Note : Tony Perkins is President of the Family Research Council and a Marine veteran .
By Tony Perkins , Special to CNN
Some people think allowing open homosexuality in the military means nothing more than opening a door that was previously closed .
It means much more than that .
It would mean simultaneously ushering out the back door anyone who disapproves of homosexual conduct , whether because of legitimate privacy and health concerns or because of moral or religious convictions .
This outcome is almost inevitable , because pro-homosexual activists have made it clear that merely lifting the “ ban ” on openly homosexual military personnel will not satisfy them .
The stand - alone bills that have been introduced to overturn the 1993 law , such as S. 3065 , call explicitly for :
Revision of all equal opportunity and human relations regulations , directives , and instructions to add sexual orientation nondiscrimination to the Department of Defense Equal Opportunity policy and to related human relations training programs .
While not in the defense authorization bill amendment approved by the House of Representatives and a Senate committee last week , this goal will undoubtedly be accomplished administratively as part of the “ necessary policies and regulations ” mandated by that amendment .
This means that all 1.4 million members of the U.S. military will be subject to sensitivity training intended to indoctrinate them into the myths of the homosexual movement : that people are born “ gay ” and cannot change and that homosexual conduct does no harm to the individual or to society .
Anyone who points to the mountain of evidence to the contrary - or merely expresses the personal conviction that sex should be reserved for marriage between one man and one woman - runs the risk of receiving a negative performance evaluation for failing to support the military ’s “ equal opportunity policy ” regarding “ sexual orientation . ”
For no other offense than believing what all the great monotheistic religions have believed for all of history , some service members will be denied promotion , will be forced out of the service altogether , or will simply choose not to reenlist .
Other citizens will choose not to join the military in the first place .
The numbers lost will dwarf the numbers gained by opening the ranks to practicing homosexuals .
This pro-homosexual political correctness has already begun to infect the military .
As an ordained minister and a Marine Corps veteran , I was invited to speak at a prayer event at Andrews Air Force Base earlier this year .
I had every intention of delivering a spiritual message , not a political one .
But the invitation was withdrawn after I criticized President Barack Obama ’s call to open the military to homosexuality in his State of the Union address .
The base chaplain told me they had received some complaints - about a dozen .
I pointed out that orchestrating a handful of calls was a simple task for homosexual activist groups .
If I was blacklisted merely for supporting existing law , what will happen to those who oppose the new , politically correct law ?
Those most likely to suffer are military chaplains .
While some in the ranks will simply choose not to exercise their First Amendment rights in order to preserve their careers , this is not an option for chaplains .
Their ministry is to proclaim the moral and theological teachings of their faith .
But under the new regulations , will they be free to preach from the entire Bible ?
Or will they be forced to excise the many passages declaring homosexual conduct to be a sin ?
In their counseling role , military chaplains assist all service members who come to them , even if they are of other faith traditions .
But if a homosexual seeks counseling regarding his personal relationships , will the chaplain be free to recommend therapy to overcome homosexual attractions ?
Or will he be forced to affirm a lifestyle that his faith condemns ?
While chaplains are members of the military , they must be “ endorsed ” by a sponsoring religious body .
Denominations that are unequivocal in holding to a biblical standard of sexual morality may stop endorsing military chaplains rather than allow them to compromise their principles .
This may result in a chaplain corps that has plenty of Unitarian ministers and homosexual Episcopal priests , but a shortage of clergy to minister to the largest religious groups in America , such as Roman Catholics ( whose catechism declares that “ homosexual acts are intrinsically disordered ” ) or Southern Baptists ( whose Baptist Faith and Message declares that “ Christians should oppose racism , every form of greed , selfishness , and vice , and all forms of sexual immorality , including adultery , homosexuality , and pornography ” ) .
It was religious liberty that drew the Pilgrims to America and it is religious liberty that leads off our Bill of Rights .
But overturning the American military ’s centuries - old ban on homosexual conduct , codified in a 1993 law , would mean placing sexual libertinism - a destructive left - wing social dogma found nowhere in the Constitution - above religious liberty , our nation ’s first freedom .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tony Perkins .
EGON SPENGLER medic with great detail !
Note .
I have recently been accused of stealing said skin .
I want to assure anyone involved in making previous Ghostbuster skins , that I do n't steal work .
I 'm not an immature child who goes around taking credit for peoples content .
I created this from scratch like my other work .
And want to assure to these people , that though I 'm sorry you feel that way , that I have nothing to gain from doing what you accuse me of .
Thank you .
Benjamuffin
When in a skinning mood , I sit and look at the picture showing all the classes and try and imagine them as other things .
When it came to the medic I immediately thought ; " GHOSTBUSTERS ! " .
I also noticed more specifically that the medic looks a lot like Egon Spengler .
So he has received this tag on his outfit .
Now I have since learnt that this seems to be obvious to other skin makers also , as after making my skins , I noticed a few others .
Not to try and sound egontisical ( good joke eh ? ) , but I 'd like to think more time and effort have been put into mine to make them seem as accurate as possible without modeling anything .
I 'm hoping to at some point update this version to remove the cape section of the coat !
I managed to remove the cape part and guess what ...
The medic has no ass ...
So the cape stays .
xD !
Comes with hands and a feel good proton pack skin too !
- Detailed skin with video game logo ! -
No bright shiny logos or logos on backpack !
- Accurate colors and blue has been used in publicty shots and such .
Not too dark as some skins have done !
NOTE : I did put together a sound pack but the default medic sounds are extremely similar to the Ghostbusters ones after hearing both together .
So I did n't include it due to quality aspects with the audio file .
However if I manage to get hold of better sounds I will work on this .
UPDATES : SOUND PACK NOW INCLUDED !!!
PROTON PACK STRAPS ARE NOW THE CORRECT GREEN COLOR !!!
( As seen in the new fourth screenshot ) - UPDATE : 14th JAN 2010 - PROTON PACK NOW COMES WITH NORMALS MAPS ALSO ADDED ARM PADS WITH NORMALS MAPS TOO !
( See newly added picture )
Update : CREW asks SC AG to probe whether Greene was ‘ induced ’ to run
A press release sent to RAW STORY states ,
Today , Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington ( CREW ) , took two significant actions against the questionable Democratic candidate for South Carolina Senate , Alvin Greene .
In a letter to South Carolina Attorney General Henry McMaster , CREW asked for an investigation into whether Mr. Greene was induced to run for the Senate in violation of South Carolina law .
CREW also filed a complaint with the Federal Election Commission ( FEC ) alleging that primary - winner Greene and three other candidates in the June 8 , 2010 Democratic primary in South Carolina : Gregory Brown , Ben Frasier and Brian Doyle and their campaign committees , violated the Federal Election Campaign Act ( FECA ) and FEC regulations by failing to file mandatory disclosure reports prior to the election .
Melanie Sloan , CREW ’s Executive Director , said Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ The people of South Carolina have a right to fair , transparent and fraud - free elections .
Paying candidates to run for office and concealing the sources of campaign funds undermines the integrity of the electoral process and threatens our democracy .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Â
The inducement to run complaint stems from questions regarding Mr. GreeneÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s ability to pay the filing fee for his candidacy .
Mr. Greene originally attempted to pay the $ 10,440 filing fee with a personal check , which the South Carolina Democratic Party rejected .
He returned later that same day , March 16 , 2010 , with a check with the name Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ Alvin M. Greene for SenateÃ¢â‚ ¬Â handwritten as payor .
Mr. Greene claims the funds came from a personal savings account , but has refused to provide documentation of the account .
ADVERTISEMENT
More at CREW ’s website , including links for the FEC complaint and the complaintÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s exhibits , plus the letter to South Carolina Attorney General McMaster .
( Original story follows )
A candidate in South Carolina ’s Democratic Senate primary has called for an investigation into his defeat .
Former Rep. Vic Rawl announced Monday that he was protesting the election that resulted in Alvin Greene as the Democratic candidate .
“ There is a cloud over Tuesday ’s election .
There is a cloud over South Carolina , that affects all of our people , Democrats and Republicans , white and African - American alike , ” according to a statement released by the Rawl campaign .
“ The strange circumstances surrounding Tuesday ’s vote require a thorough investigation .
For better or worse , this protest process is the only platform currently available for that investigation , ” said Rawl .
In the statement , Rawl suggested that the voting systems in South Carolina were in question .
“ And let me be clear : regardless of the outcome of this protest , a full and unblinking investigation of this election and the overall integrity of South Carolina ’s election system must go forward . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Appearing on MSNBC ’s Countdown Monday night , Rawl furthered a theory that voting systems are suspect .
“ There are numerous complaints .
Everything from having my name show up on a Republican primary ballot to all sorts of issues with regard to the computer cards , with regard to the difference between the absentee votes versus the actual vote during the day of the machine voting .
We are convinced that there is something amiss with regard to either the software or the machines themselves , ” Rawl told MSNBC ’s Keith Olbermann .
“ My understanding is they ’re machines that have been — there have been serious problems with them in Arkansas and Florida and Louisiana and other places .
They have a history .
The biggest problem , of course , they did n’t have a paper trail whatsoever , ” Rawl continued .
ADVERTISEMENT
Since the election , Democrats have become increasing convinced that something was amiss with Greene ’s unlikely win .
Greene handily defeated opponent Vic Rawl in Tuesday ’s primary , winning with 59 percent of the vote to Rawl ’ 41 percent , despite not having run any sort of visible campaign , not having set up a campaign Web site , and being unemployed .
And it quickly emerged that Greene is facing a felony obscenity charge over an incident in which he allegedly showed a college student obscene photos from the Internet .
ADVERTISEMENT
House Majority Whip James Clyburn ( D - SC ) suspects Greene is a “ plant . ”
Clyburn is familiar with dirty tricks in South Carolina elections .
“ I know a Democratic pattern , I know a Republican pattern , and I saw in the Democratic primary , elephant dung all over the place .
So I knew something was wrong in that primary .
And this result tells us that , ” Clyburn told CNN Sunday .
NBC ’s David Gregory asked Senior White House Advisor David Axelrod Sunday if Greene was a legitimate candidate .
“ It does n’t appear so to me .
It was a mysterious deal , ” said Axelrod .
The Brad Blog ‘s Brad Friedman has also theorized that voting machines may have been tampered with .
Green managed to receive more votes than were actually cast in 25 counties .
And while Rawl won the absentee ballots by 68 points , Greene won on election day by 18 points .
ADVERTISEMENT
The vast majority of ballots cast on voting day were on unverifiable electronic voting machines , according to Friedman .
South Carolina uses ES&S ’ 100 % unverifiable Direct Recording Electronic ( DRE , in this case touch - screen ) voting machines at the polling place .
The machines , also used in many other states ( such as Arkansas , where we recently reported exclusively on the disappearance of thousands of votes on May 18th , which neither state nor local officials are able to explain to this day ) are both oft - failed and easily manipulated in such a way that it ’s almost impossible to detect the systems have been gamed .
Rawl has assembled a panel of experts to advise him on filing the protest .
“ We feel from the three different sets of experts that we ’re dealing with , one , of course , is dealing with the statistical analysis of the data .
The second of course is the political outcome of the races historically and the third group is dealing with the software and computer science aspect of it .
All three groups indicate that there are difficulties , and it appears to be systemic , ” said Rawl .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from MSNBC ’s Countdown , broadcast June 14 , 2010 .
Well it was a light schedule for MLS , two matches on Thursday and just 5 on the weekend .
One trend dominated the weekend , score first and you win .
Each of the 7 matches in week 9 , the team that got the first goal got all 3 points , this trend was solid than the usual strength of the home team .
The home team won only 2 of the 7 matches ( Toronto and Houston both got wins , while New York , FC Dallas , Seattle , Chivas , and Kansas City all dropped results at home .
I will say in defense of FC Dallas , Seattle , and KC that each of them played as well if not better than their opponents , but failure to convert chances to goals and minor mistakes that let the other team get a goal can cost a team a playoff spot in this league where the better team does n't always win .
Interesting that each of those were 1 - 0 matches as well .
16 . DC United (-)
Well another week , another loss for DC United and you have to wonder how long before heads start to roll , even the loyal fans at Black and Red United have called for a change .
I said it early on that United were going to only be as good as Jamie Moreno was , this is a team in transition and I can't blame Curt for it , go up the food chain to Mr. Payne and you can find the root cause of the last 4 years of decline at DC .
15 . Philly Union (-)
The Union did n't play this week and that may be a great thing for them , time to practice , time to heal from injuries , and time to adapt more to playing as a team instead of 11 individuals .
I think you can look at their performances and clearly see that there are some week spots on their back line , but I do believe much of their issues can and will be addressed by time and the familiarity the comes from playing together .
Once this team gets a stretch of matches at home and into their new stadium , they will see more wins and results come their way .
Just not this week as they head to Houston .
more recaps and rankings after the jump :
14 . New England Revolution (-)
I do n't expect the Revolution to be down here for long now that Shalrie Joseph is back , they played much better against Toronto and looked very dangerous .
Now they get a home match and a chance to show that they are better than # 14 , a win against New York would be a huge boost for the Rev's .
They will need someone to score and end their 2 match goalless streak .
13 . Chivas USA (-)
So I have to say that I think Chivas is a much better team than their record shows , they do still have a lot of new players and are getting used to a new system .
They will get a chance to earn a road win as they head to DC United , a much easier task than they faced against RSL .
This team still needs a real leader , I know it is hard to bring someone new in and make them a leader , but with K & B were struggling with that leadership role , and with them gone it is clear they need something to make them click .
12 . KC Wizards (-)
It has to suck to play better than the best team in the East at home and still no get a result , I have no idea why they would n't be starting Wolff and Arnaud , with Kamara coming off the bench .
KC's 8 goals are 3rd worst in MLS , only Philly and DC United have fewer , while their 9 goal allowed is the second best in the Eastern Conference .
The Wizards need some scoring magic , but I do n't think it will come this weekend as they will face the Real Salt Lake who have only allowed 4 goals at home while scoring 10 .
KC 's best bet for a win comes June 10th when they host the Union .
11 . FC Dallas (-)
When you can go toe to toe with the Galaxy this year and actually out play them for most of the match , things are n't all bad .
When you can't score goals or get wins at home it will cost you in the long run , I have watch Dallas now out play several opponents but only against Houston did they manage to get a win .
10 . Seattle Sounders (-)
Another team that played better than their opponent this weekend but failed to find the back of the net and ended up with a loss .
You know things are in a tailspin when Sigi starts going after his own players but I have to say that some of the blame has to go to the coaching staff that for too long this season have tried to do the exact same things they did last year , here is a hint : we have seen that and wo n't be fooled again .
One has to wonder why Le Toux was left unprotected , his 4 goals for Philly are more than any of the Sounders have .
The Sounders have a huge match again this weekend as they head to Dick 's and a faceoff with Western Conference foe the Rapids .
9. Chicago Fire (-)
A week off can be a good thing or a bad thing , time to recover from injuries and figure out how you blew a two goal lead in the late minutes against KC two weeks ago .
A midweek matchup against a good but struggling FC Dallas team should be an entertaining match , the Fire need to do more than blow smoke at home .
8. New York Red Bulls ( - 1 )
Beating a half hearted Juve may be good for the soul , but getting beat at home by Eastern Conference rival Columbus was n't good for your great start , now you have to deal with 3 straight league losses .
Here is the reason for your losing streak , just one goal scored in your last 3 matches , the dilemma is a midweek match against Colorado for a spot in the US Open Cup or your weekend matchup against New England .
Which one do you focus your energy on as they will be your 3rd and 4th matches in 9 days .
7. Toronto FC ( +1 )
Winning at home is the key to MLS , TFC was missing their leader but found a way to adjust to the unexpected return of Shalrie Joseph .
Barrett was able to find the back of the net and that was all it took as Frei and the defense were up to the task of keeping the clean sheet .
TFC went to LA a couple weeks ago and played a solid match earning a 0 - 0 draw , they will need to be at their top form again as they head back to California to face red hot San Jose .
6. Colorado Rapids ( - 1 )
Is it unfair to drop a team that did n't play , do n't know and do n't care .
I dropped them as they are now 3 points below Houston ( yes I know they have played fewer matches as well ) .
If they can take care of business at home against a Seattle team that is becoming desperate , then the might be able to move back up .
I have a feeling that Seattle is going to be tougher to deal with than their record would have people believe .
5. Houston Dynamo ( +1 )
Moving a team up for beating DC United seems almost as wrong as moving a team down for having a week off , but a win is a win and Houston continue their streak of win's following losses .
I only watched a little of this matchup but it was clear that Houston is the better team , and how nice that they get to follow up a home cupcake match like this one with one against Philly ?
Do n't be surprised if the Union put up much more of a fight than did DC United .
4. San Jose Earthquakes (-)
Getting a win on the road over a conference opponent is an impressive thing , normally it would move you up , but when everyone else did the same thing you get stuck in the same spot .
For the Quakes , sitting in the top 5 of almost everyones power rankings has to be refreshing as so many people picked them to be the worst team in the West this year .
They went to Seattle and battled , they did n't out play them but once again Chris Wondolowski found a way to get an early goal and the Quakes held on .
Next up is Toronto at home , TFC has sucked on the road , only exception was the 0 - 0 draw with LA , but since losing their opener to RSL the Quakes have done well at home .
3. Real Salt Lake (-)
Only in their first season in MLS did RSL not win a match at the Home Depot Center , most often it has been the Galaxy who have been the victims but thanks to a late effort by Fabian Espindola , Real was able to get a 2 - 1 win over Chivas .
They did n't play their best but they did play better than the Goats and it was a well deserved win .
Next up is the only team to beat RSL at Rio Tinto in 2009 , the struggling KC Wizards .
If RSL wins this match it will mark the first time they have won 5 straight in MLS play and it would complete a perfect May .
2. Columbus Crew (-)
Last year it was LA who found a way to get results early in the year , even when they were n't the best team on the pitch , this year it is the Crew who have done that a number of times .
They did play well in their 3 - 1 win over New York but they got lucky in KC with their 1 - 0 win .
They will get to be at home when they face off against the number one team in MLS , a win and they can drop the Galaxy out of the top spot for the first time since week 2 .
1. LA Galaxy (-)
Like the Crew , LA has found a way to get results even when they do n't play their best .
Their midweek win over FC Dallas was proof and you have to wonder if after a 0 - 0 draw at home against TFC , and then a 1 - 0 win over a game FC Dallas if the Galaxy will be able to handle the Crew in Columbus ?
We will find out which of these two teams will be number one for week 10 , as they face off this week .
My Picks
Well I sucked on Thursday and got every match wrong , my weekend was better as I got 3 of the 5 right including nailing the score on the RSL 2 - 1 win over Chivas .
OFF MY SOAPBOX
Time for another support group !
I love this story : Meet a new crop of anti-government House GOP candidates who also happen to be addicted to " Cash for Clunkers . "
Not long ago it emerged that a number of anti-government Tea Party candidates all had the Tea Party equivalent of skeletons in their closets :
They were all on the dole in one fashion or another .
None of them appeared to recognize any contradiction between their perpetual railing against big government and the fact that they were being supported by Medicare , Social Security , disability checks , what have you .
Now USA
Today introduces us to a new twist on this theme :
For a small group of car dealers running for Congress this year , the federal " Cash for Clunkers " program has become a political lemon .
Four dealers - turned - candidates , all Republican , are under attack by opponents from both parties for railing against taxpayer bailouts less than a year after benefiting from the $ 3 billion program created in 2009 to boost car sales .
Who are these folks ?
Well , there 's Scott Rigell , who recently slammed Dems for embracing big government , even though he sold 138 cars under Cash for Clunkers .
There 's car dealer and candidate Jim Renacci , who did n't support Cash for Clunkers but did sell 39 cars under it .
He claims he only did it for his customers ' sake .
These dealers - turned - candidates are defending themselves by saying that it 's only customers who directly accepted government largesse in these cases .
But even their Republican opponents are accusing them of hypocrisy , given that these are folks who personally profited from this big government program .
Indeed , one dealer - turned - candidate acknowledged to the paper that he had no idea how many cars he would have sold without the program .
Thanks to Cash for Clunkers , though , he sold 876 cars .
Time for another support group to help these folks break their big government addiction !
THE FBI was tipped off that the three Kennedy brothers , Marilyn Monroe and members of Frank Sinatra 's Rat Pack held sex parties in President John F. Kennedy 's suite at New York City 's The Carlyle hotel .
An FBI report on the alleged orgies at the hotel was prompted by a July 1965 disclosure from a " reliable " mafia informant that the mob wanted to use women supplied by " associates of Frank Sinatra " to embarrass the Kennedys in New York , the New York Post reported .
Women were to " be placed in compromising situations " with Robert and Ted Kennedy and their brother - in - law , actor Peter Lawford , the confidential memo said .
The mob wanted to smear Robert Kennedy because of his war on organized crime as US attorney general from 1961 to 1964 , according to the informant .
The FBI did not investigate the claims , the bureau said .
The documents were among 2352 pages of FBI files unveiled yesterday on Ted Kennedy , who died last August after a battle with cancer .
The file on the mob plot began with the informant 's disclosures to the FBI 's Milwaukee office .
The FBI added an unsigned statement that said a multimillionaire Manhattan divorcee knew about the orgies .
" It was reported that Mrs Jacqueline Hammond , age 40 , has considerable information concerning sex parties , " the statement said .
Among those who took part were John , Robert and Ted Kennedy , Monroe , Sinatra , Sammy Davis Jr , Lawford and his wife , Patricia Kennedy , the statement added .
It also indicated that Hammond , who was divorced from a US ambassador , was credible .
However , an FBI summary of the documents released yesterday said the bureau did not consider the Milwaukee and Hammond information " solid . "
Originally published as FBI kept files on presidential ' orgies '
God
G
God
I am not sure I believe in God .
But I think that people believe in God to have something to believe in .
To have something to keep them going .
To feel like they are n't so alone in this world .
It 's the churches that bother me , they tell me I 'm a sin for loving another girl .
They tell me I 'm wrong .
But all I do is love .
I was born like this and I will not change to fit their views .
I think my God is somewhere in me , because when I need something to believe I look to myself because that gives me the strength I need .
So maybe it 's different for all people but yet we all have the universal name of God .
We get quite a few questions here at RenewableEnergyWorld.com about who the big players in each sector of the renewable energy industry are , so we decided to start pulling together some top 10 lists .
Here are the top 10 producers of PV for 2011 according to a report from Energy Trend .
These numbers will take you right along the supply chain , from polysilicon to module .
Editor ’s note :
These lists were updated from an entry originally posted in 2010 .
See below for the 2009 figures in the original post .
The 2012 numbers do not reflect thin - film production , only polysilicon - based production .
2011 TOP POLYSILICON MANUFACTURERS BY CAPACITY
( Rank , Tons , Country )
1. GCL , 65,000 , China
1. OCI , 65,000 , Korea
3. Hemlock , 43,000 , US
4. Wacker , 33,000 , Germany
5. LDK , 25,000 , China
6. REC , 19,000 , Norway
7. MEMC , 15,000 , US
8. Tokuyama , 9,200 , Japan
9. LCY , 8,000 , Taiwan
10 . Woongjin , 5,000 , Korea
2011 TOP CELL MANUFACTURERS BY CAPACITY
( Rank , Megawatts , Country )
1. Suntech , 2,400 , China
2. JA Solar , 2,100 , China
3. Trina , 1,900 , China
4. Yingli , 1,700 , China
5. Motech , 1,500 , Taiwan
5. Gintech , 1,500 , Taiwan
7. Canadian Solar , 1,300 , China
7. Neo Solar Power , 1,300 , Taiwan
9. Hanwha Solar One , 1,100 , China
9. Jinko Solar , 1,100 , China
2011 TOP POLYSILICON MODULE MANUFACTURERS BY CAPACITY *
( Rank , Megawatts , Country )
1. Suntech , 2,400 , China
2. LDK , 2,500 , China
3. Canadian Solar , 2,000 , China
4. Trina , 1,900 , China
5. Yingli , 1,700 , China
6. Hanwha Solar One , 1,500 , China
7. SolarWorld , 1,400 , Germany
8. Jinko Solar , 1,100 , China
9. Sunneed , 1,000 , China
10 . Sunpower , 1,000 , US
* These numbers reflect capacity , not shipments , which is often how the largest module manufacturers are ranked .
The top 10 Solar PV manufacturers for 2009 are :
Thin films represented 16.8 % of total global production , up from 12.5 % in 2008 .
The top ten ( thirteen – the last four are tied ) thin - film producers were :
1 Estimated
More Top 10 lists coming soon .
What top 10 would you like to see ?
Let me know , leave a comment below .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2010 April 3
NGC 602 and Beyond
Credit : NASA , ESA , and the Hubble Heritage Team ( STScI / AURA ) - ESA / Hubble Collaboration
Explanation : Near the outskirts of the Small Magellanic Cloud , a satellite galaxy some 200 thousand light - years distant , lies 5 million year young star cluster NGC 602 .
Surrounded by natal gas and dust , NGC 602 is featured in this stunning Hubble image of the region .
Fantastic ridges and swept back shapes strongly suggest that energetic radiation and shock waves from NGC 602's massive young stars have eroded the dusty material and triggered a progression of star formation moving away from the cluster 's center .
At the estimated distance of the Small Magellanic Cloud , the picture spans about 200 light - years , but a tantalizing assortment of background galaxies are also visible in the sharp Hubble view .
The background galaxies are hundreds of millions of light - years or more beyond NGC 602 .
The strike could help Honda end up with a younger work force with fewer family obligations to distract them .
Most visitors to the tent were enthusiastically welcomed by the four recruiters .
The strikers here had wanted to match the raises of up to 50 percent , to as much as $ 234 a month in addition free dormitory housing , reportedly obtained by workers at a transmission plant in nearby Foshan nearly two weeks ago .
But they appear to have miscalculated on an important point .
Transmission plants are highly automated operations that require skilled employees .
The transmission factory workers in Foshan mostly have the Chinese equivalent of community college degrees in subjects like mechanical engineering .
By contrast , the factory here assembles door locks , rear and side mirrors , and other low - value products .
One recruiter at the recruitment tent said that Honda only required a junior high school education for applicants .
Honda is still trying to lure back strikers , however .
A large sign at the factory gates said that last Wednesday through Saturday , the days when the factory was closed because of the strike , would be counted as paid work days .
Management also offered double pay for hours worked on Sunday , Monday and Tuesday , as the factory tries to catch up .
Striking workers who do not return by the end of the day on Tuesday will be dealt with according to national labor laws , the factory notice said .
The laws allow the dismissal of employees who do not show up for work .
A young woman who came to the factory gates looking for work on Sunday said that she had traveled two hours by bus after hearing by phone from a friend that Honda was hiring and offered better working conditions than many factories .
“ I ca n’t stand the 12 - hour shifts at other factories , ” she said .
“ Here it ’s only eight hours . ”
The crumbling of the strike shows that employers and the authorities retain powerful options in the face of rising labor unrest .
BATON ROUGE , La. —
A four - story containment dome is on its way to the site of the leaking oil well and when the structure is installed on Monday , BP officials hope the experimental procedure will help stem the flow of crude oil spewing into the Gulf of Mexico since an explosion rocked a drilling rig there 15 days ago .
For the first time in several days , due to light winds , crews were able to conduct a controlled burn in two of the most concentrated areas of oil .
This effort came as officials started the day with some encouraging , albeit small news : engineers had succeeded in shutting off one of the three leaks from the damaged well late Tuesday night , BP said .
Though by itself the move will not reduce the amount of oil being released — estimated at 210,000 gallons a day — “ it is from two locations now , ” Doug Suttles , the chief operating officer of BP said at a news conference Wednesday afternoon in Robert , La .
Submersible robots , controlled remotely from a ship on the surface , were able to place a specially designed valve over the end of a leaking drill pipe lying on the sea floor in water about 5,000 feet deep , and stop oil from escaping at that point .
The deadline to file petitions to get an initiative on the Nov. 2 statewide ballot is still a month away , but on Tuesday an effort to legalize medical marijuana became the first to qualify for a spot .
The Secretary of State 's Office on Tuesday determined that the Arizona Medical Marijuana Policy Project had submitted enough valid signatures to qualify .
In April , the group turned in 252,000 signatures ; they needed at least 145,698 valid signatures .
So far , 15 different groups have pulled papers to begin gathering signatures for various referendum and initiative efforts , including efforts to restrict property taxes , limit or eliminate photo enforcement , get voter input on Arizona 's new immigration law and deny the possibility of parole to individuals convicted of felonies that are violent or sexual in nature .
The Arizona Medical Marijuana Policy Project is the only one so far to turn in signatures .
The Arizona campaign is largely bankrolled by the Washington , D.C. - based Marijuana Policy Project , which provided most of the $ 487,250 spent by the state effort through Dec. 31 , nearly all for paid signature collectors .
Dec. 31 was the latest deadline to report fundraising figures .
Committees must next report contributions June 30 .
Campaign manager Andrew Myers said the next step is to begin educating voters about what the initiative hopes to accomplish .
" This is about protecting our most vulnerable citizens from a really cruel and unnecessary law that forces them to live in fear when all they want to do is acquire medication that makes their life worth living , " Myers said .
" This is about protecting people who are seriously or terminally ill from being arrested just for following their doctor 's advice . "
The initiative proposes to allow patients with a debilitating medical condition such as cancer , HIV or multiple sclerosis to purchase , possess and use 2.5 ounces of marijuana every two weeks with a doctor 's recommendation .
Non-profit dispensaries regulated by the state would grow and sell the drug to approved patients .
It still would be illegal to use marijuana in a public place or to drive under the influence of marijuana in Arizona , but the initiative forbids employers from firing qualified medical - marijuana users who test positive for the drug unless they can prove patients used or were impaired while at work .
A campaign committee has been established to fight the initiative .
Stop the Pot , run by Max Fose and Judy Connell of Phoenix , had collected no donations as of Dec. 31 , but Fose had contributed $ 2,500 in in - kind work to develop www.stopthepot.com.
" Stop the Pot is a statewide grassroots organization created to stop liberal special interests groups from making illegal drugs legal in Arizona , " the website states .
" If these liberal special interests groups have their way , a person in Arizona will be able to obtain about 200 joints every two weeks .
( Two hundred ) joints a person is a lot of drugs on our streets , in our neighborhoods , and around our children . "
Thirteen states allow the possession of small amounts of marijuana for medical purposes , although only California has established a widespread network of dispensaries to distribute it .
This is the fourth time since 1996 Arizona voters have been asked to decriminalize marijuana as a medicine .
That year , voters approved a ballot initiative that allowed the use of the drug with a doctor 's prescription .
But authorities threatened to revoke the license of doctors who prescribed the drug , and state lawmakers gutted the law .
In 1998 , voters rejected a pair of referendums that would have hindered the legalization of medical marijuana - most notably by requiring Congress or the federal government to OK its use before any doctor could prescribe it .
In 2002 , voters rejected an effort to make it legal to possess small quantities of marijuana and make the drug available for free to patients suffering from cancer and other diseases .
Property developer Michael Bauman was in for a real surprise when he purchased a plot of land in downtown Miami in 1998 .
Bauman ’s plans for the land were seemingly simple : demolish a 1950 - era apartment complex and build a luxury condominium in its place .
During a routine archaeological survey of the site , however , hundreds of mysterious holes were discovered in a layer of Oolitic limestone bedrock and Bauman ’s development plans immediately came to a halt .
Through further investigation , twenty - four of the largest holes comprised a perfect circle , 38 feet ( 12 m ) in diameter , and excavation results found a variety of artifacts ranging from human teeth to ancient tools .
Included in the artifacts were pieces of burnt wood which , after being tested for radiocarbon dating , are believed to be 1800 - 2000 years old .
To date , Miami Circle is the only known evidence in the United States of a prehistoric structure built into bedrock .
Evidence from this mysterious prehistoric “ footprint ” predates other known settlements along the East Coast .
The site is believed to have once been occupied by the Tequesta Indians , a local tribe whose known tools matched some of the shark tooth - related artifacts found during excavation .
Theorists have suggested that the holes were structural postholes or part of the foundation for a building .
Some believe the building was used for ceremonial purposes , as animal bones and unused tools appeared to be offerings .
Among these tools were two axe - heads made from basalt , a hard stone that is not indigenous to Florida .
The finding of these tools contradicts the theory that the site was occupied by the Tequesta , however , as the volcanic rock is believed to have been from a location in Macon , Georgia - some 600 miles ( 970 km ) away from the site .
The mysterious origin of the site has led to its nickname as “ America ’s Stonehenge ” , ( though there are a number of sites nicknamed this ) and some critics and conspiracy theorists have offered alternative theories .
Aliens , Mayans and septic tanks are among some of the suggested origins for the holes .
The State of Florida eventually purchased the land from Baumann after a series of high - profile disputes between Native American groups , contractors , and historic preservation committees .
Miami Circle , otherwise known as Brickell Point or the Miami River Circle , was declared a National Historic Landmark in early 2009 and is currently under a 44 - year lease agreement with the Historical Museum of Southern Florida .
Visitors interested in the history of the Miami Circle can view artifacts on display through the museum ’s permanent exhibition : “ First Arrivals : The Archaeology of Southern Florida . ”
Currently , the actual post holes composing the Miami circle are covered with sod and flagstones , to preserve the site .
Visitors can still see the limestone perimeter , but the actual evidence of human construction is currently under several inches of soil and grass .
Still , perimeter , and the placards on site allow visitors to contemplate the fact that our species has conducted business and life around the Bay for thousands of years .
SYDNEY , June 25 ( UPI ) --
An Australian nurse says he was fired for being a former patient at the same mental health clinic where he worked .
The New South Wales Nurses Association has lodged a claim for unfair dismissal on behalf of Alistar Colgrave , 37 , who was let go after his first shift at Northside Clinic , a mental health facility where he had been admitted voluntarily for medication - resistant depression , the Sydney Morning Herald reports in its Saturday edition .
Advertisement
" I did n't have a mental breakdown or anything .
In fact , I worked right up until my admission , " Colgrave said .
'' I only went in for some prophylactic help because I 've had depression on and off for years and my doctor suggested [ electroconvulsive therapy ] . ''
Upon release from the hospital Colgrave answered an ad for work , the newspaper said .
' ' I was interviewed and asked where I 'd like to work , '' he said .
'' I chose Northside because I 'd been in there and I thought it gave me a unique perspective on what the patients were going through . ''
The director of clinical service , Paul Dolan , allegedly said it was a conflict of interest and turned down Colgrave 's request to work at one of the other 26 mental health clinics owned by Northside 's home company , Ramsay Health Care .
" The hospital had exercised its right not to re-engage this casual employee , " Carmel Monaghan , a spokeswoman for Ramsay Health Care , said .
For privacy reasons , she could not disclose the reason for the decision .
Advertisements
Mock and Scorn as Public Policy
In the last few years , the far right has brought this nation teetering to the perilous brink of moral bankruptcy by selling mock and scorn as workable public policy .
We see this in their leaders ( Sarah Palin ) and followers ( the Teabaggers ) , whose team jersey is contemptuous wanton violence — their faces screwed up into a rictus of wrath , lips snarled in ridicule as they arrogantly spew the hubristic litter of Fox News talking points .
When we consider that these are the same self - identified “ Christians ” of our nation , we must pause .
While this is not a Christian nation , it is made up of a majority of Christians .
The Christian radicals making up the Tea Party and social conservatives have publicly prayed for the death of the President , mocked community service , scorned the poor , the environment , wildlife , and sold hate under the banner of Jesus .
Is this their brand of religion ?
If so , who is buying ?
Advertisements
Our nation ’s soul is at risk , as we watch 23 percent of the population go off the deep end from the misinformation being proffered as fair and balanced news .
These folks have relegated themselves to the fringe of society to such an extent that they can no longer have a rational discussion or debate about the issues ; they are too misinformed .
Yet they approach each debate with the self - righteous certainty of the sneering Fox commentators , their misguided and often flat - out , empirically proven false comments dripping in ironic , humiliating ( only to the self - aware ) sarcastic derision .
They are then shamed and ostracized for being LIVs ( low information voters ) by “ snobby liberals ” , just as Fox tells them to expect , and so the cycle continues .
The disgraced then run back to their comfort zone , sporting their wounded pride as impotent rage , desperately waiting for their next hit of victimization on the hamster wheel of self - fulfilling prophecies .
This is a case of epistemic closure , a debate that ’s been raging recently within the ( few ) intellectual corners of the Conservative movement .
Epistemic closure is the idea that people close themselves off to new info and only listen to sources they agree with , which creates a closed mind that will rejects outside information .
In other words , intellectuals on the Right fear , for good reason , that the Right is so misinformed from being fed what they believe instead of what is true , that they are confining themselves to the lower outer limit of the public debate .
But this self - marginalization is catnip to the victim - identified right , who hold their status as white martyrs close to their hearts .
It is , after all , all they have .
If they are n’t sacrificial victims for the Cause , what are they ?
That ’s a question they do n’t want to have to answer .
It involves taking responsibility for the W years , for the failed implementation of their ideology , and for the way conservatives bastardized their own ideology in a never - ending need to feed the immediate bottom line of their corporate masters .
Instead of owning up to the past and indeed the present ( e.g. , the Gulf Oil spill ) , they are doubling down on denial .
And defiance of reality takes a lot of effort to maintain when one ventures out from their insulated world view .
Unjustified scorn is the weapon of middle - schoolers the country wide for hiding their insecurities .
It is not different among the bullies of the far Right ; Sarah Palin mocks the President because she was a failed leader who quit on her state .
The shame and humiliation she should feel as a person who quit on her oath of office is projected outward , exemplifying the old phrase , “ one finger pointed out , four fingers pointed back at yourself ’ .
The more hatred , the more scorn , the more contempt she dishes out , the more guilty she is .
Mock and scorn as public policy also disguise a Party bereft of ideas .
All they can do is make fun of other ideas .
They have none of their own to offer .
It ’s not just their “ leaders ” , but the Right has Fox , Rush , and now the radicalized Christian church to assist them in their journey toward irrelevance brought about by scandalous derision of our nation ’s leaders while we are at war and fighting our way out of a deep recession .
But how long can they sustain this policy of mock and scorn ?
At some point , people begin to see past
Oz to the little man in the booth .
And when this happens , they flee their own mortifying willingness to be duped and do n’t look back .
Wizard of Oz : [ speaking in a booming voice into microphone ]
I am the great and powerful …
[ then , realizing that it is useless to continue his masquerade , moves away from microphone , speaks in a normal voice ]
Wizard of Oz : … Wizard of Oz .
Behold , behind the curtain of scorn lay nothing but a small - minded , desperate Party , using illusion and distraction to maintain what power they have left .
Going negative has been the Republican strategy for so long , perhaps they do n’t know how to get out of it or they are simply lacking in the courage and fortitude to face up to their destructive , haunting mistakes .
Either way , they do n’t have long as a viable national party unless they take some serious steps to win back the moderates .
Even hard core Republicans are distancing themselves from the Teapublican Party ’s mantle of hate , as the far right sounds more and more like the radical Islamists they claim to loathe .
By the way , the Islamic movement is defined as being characterized by “ moral conservatism , literalism , and the attempt to implement Islamic values in all spheres of life . ”
Does that ring any bells ?
Just how long will our nation be subjected to mock and scorn by the so called patriots of the Right ?
Probably until they wrestle power back from the Democrats .
And as the economy continues to improve , thus narrowing the chances of huge Republicans wins in 2010 , you can expect to see the mock and scorn multiply .
It ’s all they have .
So you ’re a cat person , but you do n’t want to appear to be a “ Crazy Cat Lady ” ( or man ! )
But your kitty cat , she just needs a nice place to sleep !
What do you do ?
You probably go about buying something big , maybe a color you did n’t quite like , and hard to manage blending in with the rest of your decor .
Well that ’s just silly !
You do n’t go to the pet store to buy a pet bed , you go to the design store !
You know that if you ’re a design - conscious sort of person ( and if you ’ve reading this post , you are , ) that your cat is one too !
You ’re cat is n’t a person ( as far as I know , ) but there ’s certain things your cat will work with as well as things it simply wont .
I ’ve got a cat in my apartment .
She belongs to my fiance , but she is her own kitty .
This cat only really interacts with things that she loves .
She likes cat toys , but she LOVES human things .
She likes things that are bolted down , things that are a part of the apartment : the windows , the rugs ( we ’ve got hardwood floors , ) the couch .
She ’s never enjoyed the “ pet beds ” that she ’s been gifted .
She loves things that belong to us .
The humans .
The Curve Pet Bed by fresh designer Akemi Tanaka IS that .
It ’s lookin so nice , and installs so seamlessly , heck , this kitty would sit on it all day long .
Right up there on her pretty pretty perch .
BONUS : Curve is also intent on holding small doggies too !
Designer : Akemi Tanaka [ Buy It Here – Available for $ 200 at the YD Store ]
Curve Pet Bed – Cute !
Available for $ 200 at the YD Store
Planning
In order to lose body fat we have to have a reason as to why we want to achieve this goal , is it ( a ) Make you look good ( b ) Health benefits ( reduce heart disease , lower cholesterol etc ) ( c ) Holiday / Vacation ( c ) Competition ( d ) or just to see if you can .
There are many reasons why people choose to get to a low body fat percentage , but to achieve your goal in a half - hearted fashion will not work .
Remember that the body likes to be at a set point of body fat and will try everything it can to maintain this set point , the main way that the body achieves this is by slowing the metabolism down , or by holding body fat and using muscle tissue , the body is clever and it has evolved over thousands of years , so were not going to trick it into change over night .
You have to plan your life around wanting to change , your aim must be clear and precise as to why you want to do it , you must set a date to start , tell your friends / family that you are going to do it , and that you are going to start on a certain date , you will need the support from the other people whilst you are embarking on this new regime .
It is not easy to achieve a low body fat percentage and you must be 100 % committed to your aim .
Setting Goals
Write down the reasons as to why you want to achieve this aim , i.e. , “ I want my body fat to be ...X... ”
But be realistic , you wont achieve a 15 % reduction in a few weeks .
By writing down your aims you have made a statement and setting yourself a goal , and get rid of any thoughts of “ I wish I was …….etc .
Your statement now is I will loose “ X ” amount of pounds in “ Y ” amount of time .
Set goals that are ambitious yet achievable .
You might not know how far you can go in losing fat , so find an example like in fitness magazines , you might of seen the before and after pictures of people who have been losing fat for a while , and pin it on your wall for inspiration .
Now you have written your goals down make copies and hang them everywhere you see them regularly , i.e. bathroom mirror , refrigerator door , inside the car , just to reinforce what you are about to achieve , Remember that there will be set backs , but you will be able to get back on track because remember “ you are going to achieve this ” .
The RPE ( Rate of Perceived Exertion ) is a means of determining how hard you are exerting yourself , including physiological and muscular strain .
Nutrition
Restricting calories does not work , your body has safety mechanisms which will work the other way and store fat , an enzyme called lipoprotein lipase is the enemy in trying to lose fat , it slows the metabolism and makes you store fat as a last resort for energy , and on top of that the body then gives up our muscle tissue for energy , you will lose weight but the wrong weight , Muscle is 70 % water so on the scales you think you are doing well but it is muscle and water that has gone and considering that muscle burns calories this then further reduces your metabolism , when you come off the diet you will gain back every ounce of the fat you had and some more for “ insurance ” in case you do this again , so now you can eat less and still get fat .
Meal Frequency
You must eat regularly which means never go more than three hours without eating food , which means that you will be having six or seven meals a day .
You wo n’t be eating any more calories than you need but all you have done is spread the calories evenly over the day , this in turn increases the metabolism , stops craving , and stops the highs and lows of blood sugar .
You will have more energy and less hunger pangs , the food will be more easily digested and you will create a metabolic environment that supports healthy fat loss and muscle gains .
Meals
When trying to lose body fat we have to eat less then our body requires in the day to create a “ negative balance ” .
Instead of counting every single calorie that you eat , we go about this differently we count portions , and a portion is the size of the palm of your hand , or the size of a clenched fist .
This is a basic easy way to eat your food .
Without the right foods you will not see results , food and training is the key .
Food Groups
Essential Fatty Acids ( Omega 3 and Omega 6 )
The quality of health reflects in large measure the quality of the food we eat .
Research has identified 45 essential ingredients .
" Essential " means ; we absolutely have to have them to live and be healthy .
Our bodies cannot make them from other substances .
We must therefore obtain them in their natural state from the foods we eat ( or from food supplements ) .
Deficiency of any of the essential nutrients has to result in deterioration of health .
Large scale nutritional surveys have shown that over 60 % of the population are deficient in one or more essential nutrients .
Of the hundreds of fatty acids found in nature , about 20 are common to human food , and two are essential to human health - the essential fatty acids - EFAs .
It is a fact that many of the classic degenerative conditions ( cardiovascular disease , some cancers , diabetes , MS , arthritis , PMS , osteoporosis , sterility and miscarriage , schizophrenia , depression ) are fat - based and have a proven link with nutritional deficiency .
The Omega 3s are known to play a key role in maintaining a healthy immune system and protecting against everyday pollutants .
Harmful processed oils and margarines block the activity of EPA and DHA in the body and are directly linked to the upsurge in many of today ’s major diseases .
Do n’t think that you need to exercise every day to achieve your goals , you do n’t , and we still stick to a routine of exercise
Omegas 3s in particular are required for normal brain development .
In the adult , Omega 3s are required for visual , brain and nerve , adrenal and testis function .
Clinical studies indicate that Omega 3s bring a sense of calmness because they interfere with the production of chemicals that the body makes in response to stress .
They seem to improve the condition of those suffering from schizophrenia and the behavior of juvenile delinquents resistant to counseling .
EFAs stimulate metabolism , increase metabolic rate , increase oxygen uptake , and increase energy production .
They also stimulate the process of oxidation because they attract and somehow reversibly react with or activate oxygen .
People who begin to take EFAs when they have been deficient feel an increase in energy levels .
Athletes and others appreciate finding that their muscles recover more rapidly from exercise fatigue .
The Omega 3 essential fatty acids include alpha-linolenic acid ( ALA ) , eicosapentaenoic acid ( EPA ) , and docosahexaenoic acid ( DHA ) .
The richest food source of ALA is flax seed ( linseed oil ) .
EPA and DHA are found in fish oils such as cod liver oil .
The Omega 6 essential fatty acid itself is called linoleic acid ( LA ) and it is found in most seed oils .
The body converts this to gamma- linoleic acid ( GLA ) .
GLA is ultimately responsible for the production of two other prostaglandin series - PG1 and PG2 which are essential in the production of reproductive hormones , maintenance of healthy skin and regulation of blood pressure .
Essential
Fat also has the following health benefits :
Improved delivery of oxygen and nutrients to the muscles and other tissues because of reduced blood viscosity
Improved aerobic metabolism because of enhanced delivery of oxygen to the cells
Improved release of growth hormone in response to normal stimuli , such as exercise , sleep , and hunger , which may have an anabolic effect to improve the post exercise recovery time
Reduction of inflammation caused by muscular fatigue and overexertion , which may improve post exercise recovery time
Possible prevention of tissue inflammation
Protein
Bodybuilders strive for a high level of muscle mass , a goal that mandates a higher need for energy , Most strength trainers are under the illusion of “ the more protein the better ” which is not true , ideally bodybuilders should consume between 1.5 and 1.7 grams of protein per kilogram of body weight , assuming that adequate energy is consumed from carbohydrates .
Any excess protein that we take in is simply burned as fuel or could be stored as fat .
( Bodybuilders normally have a total intake of 25 to 30 percent of total calorie intake ) .
Consumed proteins are digested into amino acids , and these amino acids join other amino acids produced by the body to constitute the amino acid pool .
The tissues take the amino acids from this pool to synthesise the specific proteins the body needs ( muscle , hair , nails , hormones , enzymes , and so on ) .
This amino acid pool is also available for use as energy via a deamination process to be burned if other fuels ( carbohydrates and fat ) cannot satisfy energy needs .
Protein plays a very important role in the body , i.e. , protein based enzymes , optimising blood pH , forming antibodies , are components of body tissue including heart , liver , pancreas etc , and muscles and bones , transporter of substances in the blood to the correct receptor sites , controlling fluid volume and osmolarity in the blood and body tissues .
To transform you body you must lift weight .
Cardio by itself wo n’t help you achieve your goal of a better looking body .
The main nutrients provided by this group of foods are iron , protein , B vitamins ( especially vitamin B12 ) , zinc and magnesium .
Iron is needed for the formation of haemoglobin and Myoglobin in blood .
It is also a component of many enzymes .
Protein must be provided in the diet for growth and repair of the body , any excess is used to provide energy .
B vitamins are principally involved in energy metabolism .
Vitamin B12 is needed for the formation of blood cells and nerve fibres .
Zinc is needed for growth of tissues , immune function , and wound healing .
Magnesium is needed for bone development and nerve and muscle function .
It is also necessary for the function of some enzymes involved in energy utilization .
Protein foods
Choices :
All beans and pulses ,
All fish , All lean meats , All nuts ,
All poultry without skin , All shellfish , Sushi ( raw fish component ) and Textured vegetable protein .
( E.g. Soya )
Practical advice ( protein )
Eat moderate amounts of foods from this group , and choose lower fat versions where possible .
Choose lean meats and remove visible fat .
Take the skin off poultry .
Avoid poultry and fish cooked in batter or breadcrumb coatings .
Cook these foods without adding fat .
Aim to eat at least two to three portions of fish per week , of which should be oil - rich ( fresh tuna counts , but canned tuna does not ) .
Carbohydrates
There are different types of carbohydrate , and each type is treated differently by our bodies .
For instance , glucose and bran are both carbohydrates , but they are on different ends of the energy spectrum .
Glucose enters the blood stream quickly and initiates a fast and high insulin response , while the energy in bran never makes it into the blood stream because of its indigestibility , and tends to mediate the insulin response by slowing the rate at which other energy sources enter the blood stream .
So we should carefully consider the type of carbohydrate that might be best under different circumstances .
Glucose is the main source of fuel for muscular activity and the higher the muscular intensity , the greater the reliance on glucose for fuel .
Understanding how to keep glucose from becoming depleted should become a major focus of any person ’s nutrition practice .
Sustaining carbohydrates sufficiency is problematic because , unlike either protein or fat , humans have a limited storage capacity for carbohydrate ; some is stored in the muscle and some in the liver as glycogen .
Carbohydrates give you energy -
They have starches and sugar !
Can aid in proper digestion -
Go for fibre - rich food choices each day !
Provide many vitamins and minerals , fruit and veg ; for example , contain vitamin A ( beta - carotene ) , several B-vitamins ( including folate ) , vitamin C , iron and potassium .
Help you manage the amount of fat and calories in your overall diet because they tend to be low in fat , saturated fat and cholesterol .
Carbohydrates groups :
Starches : ( complex carbohydrates ) Cereal , potatoes , pasta , macaroni , rice , bread
Dietary fibre :
Whole grain cereals and breads , dried beans and peas , fruits and vegetables
Sugars : ( simple carbohydrates )
Fruit juices , fruits , milk , sweetened cereals and baked goods , jam and syrup
Food Groups And Food For This Plan
Protein Carbohydrates Vegetables Chicken Breast Baked Potatoes Broccoli Turkey Breast Sweet Potato ’s Asparagus Lean Minced Turkey Yam Lettuce Swordfish Squash Carrots Haddock Pumpkin Cauliflower Salmon Brown Rice Green Beans Tuna Pasta Green Peppers Crab Oatmeal Mushroom Lobster
Whole grain cereals Spinach Shrimp Beans Tomato ’s Fillet Steak Corn Peas Sirloin Steak Strawberries Bean sprouts Lean Minced Beef Melon Artichoke Lean Ham Apple Cabbage Egg Whites Orange Celery Low fat Cottage Cheese Whole - wheat Bread Cucumber Protein Drinks Yogurts Onion
Remember that each meal should contain a portion of protein and carbohydrates and at least two meals should also contain a selection of vegetables
Protein drinks containing complex carbohydrates ( not sugar ) can also be used for a meal , but be aware that our bodies also require fibre which comes from Vegetables , Fruit , Oats , Sweet potatoes , Rice , Wheat .
Remember that a portion of each food is the size of a clenched fist or the palm of the hand , and the number of meals per day is 6 .
On day 7 ( Sun ) of the week , this is a cheat day when you can eat anything in this day that you want , literally anything … .
Fluid Intake
Muscle is comprised of approx 70 % water , and fluid is an essential transport mechanism for a number of nutrients , carbohydrates , and is also has an important role in all cellular activity .
If your water intake is low then the ability to transport nutrients is compromised , you will lose strength and feel sluggish because of a build up of waste products like ammonia , urea , uric acid .
Drink a glass of water before , during and after a meal , this way you will be hydrated sufficiently throughout the day , make sure you also have fluids whilst you train and even more if the weather is hot .
When trying to lose body fat we have to eat less then our body requires in the day to create a “ negative balance ” .
The Plan
So to achieve this plan all we have to do is exercise and eat right , “ Oh if it was this simple ” .
We see constantly advertisements for pills , potions , exercise gadgets , which all say “ take this and do that ” , and that ’s all you have to do .
Forget them all they do n’t work – Period .
Training
To transform you body you must lift weight .
Aerobics by themselves wo n’t achieve your goal ; the best form of exercise to shape the body is weight training for both Male and Females .
By resistance training you increase your metabolic rate , which is the rate at which the body burns fat .
By increasing muscle mass the body requires more energy to maintain the new mass ; fat does not require energy it just sits there annoying us all .
So weight training is superior to aerobics as it increases the rate at what the body uses energy , by doing only aerobics you may lose weight but wo n’t alter your body in the way that weight training does .
Weight training is not just for young people , I have people training who are over 60 yrs old , and are in good shape , as our bodies get older we tend to store fat because we tend to slow down and become more inactive , and because we slow down and become inactive we also lose muscle mass and strength .
So the end result is someone who is old , fragile , weak , and has physical disabilities .
But this trend is reversible , weight training reverses the frailty , muscle weakness , posture , well being .
Do n’t think that you need to exercise every day to achieve your goals , you do n’t , and we still stick to a routine of exercise .
Our routine needs to be brief and intense to be effective .
The routine needs to have stimulation to trigger an adaptation response by the body .
Remember that the phase “ More is not better ” High intensity for long periods of training have been shown to be counterproductive .
Some people work out a lot for a long time and have not achieved their aim , but would not think about cutting back on their training so they think “ maybe I am not doing enough ” and end up doing even more , which further compounds the lack of results .
In weight / resistance training we cause trauma to the working muscle , once that occurs the body responds by repairing the damage we have caused by training , this causes the body to use energy to repair itself and we need nutrients such as protein , carbs , essential fats , vitamins , minerals , creatine to achieve this .
But more importantly we need to rest to allow the body to repair itself and it will not do this whilst you are in the gym , it is between sessions that our body repairs the damage and along with all the essential nutrients we can grown bigger , stronger and leaner .
Weight training involves two movements of a weight , ( a ) the concentric ( lifting ) and ( b ) eccentric ( lowering ) .
So when we lift the weight , we shorten the muscle and when we lower the weight we lengthen the muscle , both portions of lifting , concentric and eccentric movement are equally important .
You have to concentrate on both phases of the movement , lifting and lowering , if you just lower the weight by gravity your wasting this part of the exercise .
In resistance and weight training you have to push your self , do n’t just think than you just have to do a number of reps and then put the weight down it ’s like everything in life “ you get out of it - what you put in ” .
I see many people doing their training and pushing the reps out as fast as the can , just to get to their required amount of reps , but the exercise is being lost when you do this , slow the reps down and you overload the muscles for a longer period of time .
Training Routines
Intensity
Monitoring your rating of perceived exertion ( RPE ) by the Borg Scale .
The RPE is a means of determining how hard you are exerting yourself , including physiological ( how hard you are breathing , how fast your heart is beating ) and muscular strain ( how much you feel the exertion in your muscles ) .
The scale measures your answer to the question : " How hard do you feel the exercise is ? "
The scale goes from 1 to 10 .
Rating of Perceived Exertion
Rating of Perceived Exertion Grade Perceived Exertion 0 Nothing 0.5 Very , very weak 1 Very weak 2 Weak 3 Moderate 4 Somewhat hard 5 Hard 6 7 Very Hard 8 9 10 Very , very Hard Maximal
You have to push yourself .
Do n’t think you just can do a number of reps and then put the weight down .
Exercise is like everything in life “ you get out of it - what you put in . "
Aerobic Training
Remember to warm up , stretch , do your aerobics , and then cool down .
The scale above is a reference as to how hard you are working out , if you are unfit then to reach level 10 would be a lot easier to reach than if you were fit , for example , level 1 on the scale would be sitting on the settee watching TV .
Level 3 might be carrying shopping bags to the car ; level 5 might be carrying the shopping up a few flights of stairs .
The scale continues right up to level 10 this is all out “ balls to the wall ” maximum effort , at this level you just cant do any more or go any faster .
And this is the way we are going to do our Aerobic training and weight training , People say that the best way to lose body fat is low intensity – long duration aerobic exercise , but using this method is not the best for getting rid of body fat .
Research indicates that not only does high - intensity training burn fat more effectively than low - intensity exercise ( up to 50 % more efficiently ) it also speeds up your metabolism and keeps it raised for quite a while after your workout , provided that you do n’t eat after your workout for one hour .
The best time to do your aerobic training is first thing in the morning , this can be done at home on an exercise bike , or on the streets running , etc .
Scientific studies have found that by exercising first thing in the morning burns fat much faster ( up to 300 % percent faster ) than doing the same exercise in the afternoon .
The workout we are going to do is only 20 minutes of aerobic exercise three times per week , no more , and definitely no less .
You have to make each and every workout the most effective fat burning , health enhancing 20 minutes you can .
And to do that we use the Borg Scale .
We select an exercise , like rowing , cycling , jogging , treadmill , etc .
You can vary your sessions on different pieces of equipment if you want every session , or every week , your choice ; it is you that ’s doing the work .
We start with 2 minutes at about level five intensity on the scale , after two minutes we up the intensity to level 6 for one minute , then up to level 7 for one minute , then up to level 8 for one minute , then up to level 9 for one minute , after the minute we then go back down to level 6 ( a moderate intensity level )
We repeat the this pattern 3 times but on the last cycle after we have gone from level six up to level nine we continue up to level 10 this is where you are going faster than you thought you could ever do , it is maximal effort , you cant do it any faster , then after one minute at level 10 , we drop back down to level 5 for one minute , this training method is called Interval training is an excellent way of dropping body fat .
But not easy !!
Minute 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 Level 4 4 6 6 7 8 9 6 7 8 9 6 7 8 9 6 7 8 9 10 4
Stick to the intensity for the given minute of exercise .
Do not try and burn yourself out , that would be counter productive , when you first start you may find that level 10 might just be walking at a fast pace , that is ok as that is your pace , but you have to aim for improvement , you must try to achieve a higher and higher level of improvement .
When you apply the same intensity principles to both your aerobic and weight training you will constantly be moving to higher and higher levels and you ’ll continually be stimulating your muscles while losing fat .
You will become more metabolically efficient .
Your body will burn fat at an elevated rate throughout the day , during your daily activities , and even whilst sleeping .
Weight Training
The weight training element of this fat loss programme upper / lower body based type of training in which we divide the body up into sessions where we do 1st day is upper body , 2nd day is aerobics , 3rd day is lower body , 4th day is aerobics , 5th day is upper body , 6th day is aerobics , 7th day is a day off !!.
Then the second week we start with 1st day lower body etc .
The routine continues for at least 12 weeks .
Mon Tue Wed Thur Fri Sat Sun Week 1 Upper
Body Aerobic
Day Lower
Body Aerobic
Day Upper
Body Aerobic
Day OFF Week 2 Lower
Body Aerobic
Day Upper
Body Aerobic
Day Lower
Body Aerobic
Day OFF Week 3 Upper
Body Aerobic
Day Lower
Body Aerobic
Day Upper
Body Aerobic
Day OFF
The above routine continues for as many weeks as is necessary for you to achieve your goal of body fat percentage .
Lifting involves 2 movements , ( a ) the concentric ( lifting ) and ( b ) eccentric ( lowering ) .
When we lift the weight , we shorten the muscle .
When we lower the weight we lengthen the muscle
Weight Training Exercises
For guides on how to do these exercises , visit the exercise videos section .
Weight training routine
Remember to warm up all body parts being worked , then stretches , exercises , stretch , and finally complete a cool down .
Pick two exercises per body part .
You will perform 4 sets on one of the exercises , with reps and intensity of 12 reps ( intensity level 5 ) , 10 reps ( intensity level 6 ) , 8 reps ( intensity level 7 ) , 6 reps ( with intensity level 8 ) with one minute rest between sets ; speed of reps is 2 – 1 – 2 seconds ( example , bench press .
Lower weight for 2 sec , 1 sec hold at bottom , 2 sec press ) .
Then the last set is a superset where we do two exercises together with no rest , first exercise is the one that you started with , a rep range of 12 , ( Intensity level 9 ) , then immediately with no rest do the second exercise in the superset for 12 reps ( at an intensity level of 10 ) .
Example of one body part and the superset , ( we do the same on every body part ) .
* Superset means both exercises are done back to back with no rest in between exercises
The rest of the exercises of upper body is continued after chest and is completed in the same way , two minutes rest between body parts then the next body part exercises are completed .
Upper body exercises : Chest , Shoulders , Back , Triceps , Biceps .
Lower body exercises : Quads , Hamstrings , Calves , Abs .
Monitoring lean body mass and body fat
In order to make sure that our calorie intake is adequate we need to monitor our lean body mass , this is done by having our body fat percentage done on a weekly basis , body fat percentage can be done by two means , ( 1 ) By callipers , any gym should have callipers and someone experienced enough to use them and monitor the results , with this type of testing it is important to have the same person doing the testing , that way the results would be more accurate .
The principle behind this method is that the amount of subcutaneous fat is proportional to the total amount of body fat .
However , the exact proportion of subcutaneous to total fat varies with gender , age , ( 2 ) By Bioelectrical Impedance Analysis , ( BIA ) this method is easy to administer , non-invasive and a safe method .
BIA involves passing a small electric current through the body and measuring the impedance or opposition to the current flow .
Fat free tissue and water is a good conductor of electrical current , whereas fat is not .
The resistance to the current flow is related to fat free mass and total body water , both can be predicated by this analysis .
This type of testing is either done by a hand held device or a four lead test , in which four leads are attached to the client whilst they are lying on an examination table .
If using the BIA method you should remember the following points :
Abstain from eating and drinking within 3 hours of the assessment .
Avoid moderate or vigorous physical exercise within 12 hours of the test .
Do not drink alcohol within 48hrs of the test ?
Do not use any diuretic agents ( including caffeine ) prior to the test
Once you know your body fat percentage , you can calculate your lean body mass by multiplying body weight by the percentage of body fat , this will give you total fat mass , then to work out the fat free mass all we do is subtract the total fat mass from the body weight and you have your total fat free mass .
IF YOU FIND THAT THE FAT FREE MASS ( MUSCLE ) IS GOING DOWN , THEN YOU WILL NEED TO INCREASE THE INTAKE OF CALORIES .
THIS IS VERY IMPORTANT ;
It is muscle that burns calories ; if calorie intake is to low then the body will release an enzyme that will make you store fat as an emergency store for energy .
Other easier methods of monitoring fat % are :
Changes in body composition viewed in the mirror
Waist measurements
Waist to Hip measurements
Weight
BMI , although people who weight train would have a higher level of muscle and this would make the results inaccurate .
If you have any questions for Doug about stripping fat , cutting , diets or muscle building you can catch him over on our muscle building forum .
His forum name is " Doug " .
You can register free here .
Anti-Obama ad : ' Gather your armies '
Alabama Republican congressional candidate Rick Barber is encouraging his fellow tea party activists to “ gather your armies ” against President Barack Obama — with a campaign ad that twice shows a hand fidgeting next to a Revolutionary War-era pistol .
In the new ad , Barber is seen sitting around the table with actors playing George Washington , Benjamin Franklin and Sam Adams .
Advertisement
The ad opens with a shot of the pistol sitting on a table and Barber saying he would “ impeach ” Obama .
“ Today we have an Internal Revenue Service that enforces what they call a ‘ progressive ’ income tax , ” Barber tells the assembled Revolutionary heroes in what appears to be an empty bar .
As the camera pans toward the gun again , Barber says : “ Now this same IRS is going to force us to buy health insurance , cram it down our throats or else . ”
Pointing to a copy of the Constitution , Barber says , “ Now , I took an oath to defend that with my life , and I ca n’t stand by while these evils are perpetrated . ”
“ You , gentlemen , revolted over a tea tax !
A tea tax !
Now look at us , ” he says before asking “ Are you with me ? ”
The camera then turns to Washington , who says , “ Gather your armies . ”
Barber recently secured a spot in a July 13 runoff against Martha Roby , the winner of which will take on incumbent Rep. Bobby Bright ( D - Ala . ) .
Roby nearly secured the 50 percent needed to win the primary and is the favorite headed into the runoff .
Ubiquo is a web development framework built in top of Ruby on Rails .
It is designed to create web applications easily and really fast , providing a set of functionalities and goodies that include most of what you can need to meet the most usual requirements of web projects .
There are several principles Ubiquo aims to respect :
Modular and extensible .
Every major aspect in Ubiquo is a separate plugin , so you can add functionalities as you require them for your project , and not carry additional code that you do n’t need .
You can also replace an Ubiquo functionality with your own plugin .
Built “ the Rails way ” .
This means that using Ubiquo wo n’t make you leave some of the Rails principles , like DRY , REST or Convention Over Configuration .
Instead , Ubiquo is built with those principles in mind and promotes them .
Key Features
Stack the plugins you need on top of the core – only install the necessary for your application
Easy multimedia attachments management
Improved styled scaffolds with filters and more custom features
Versionable , i18nable models , controllers and views out of the box
Activity logging system to monitor user actions
Visual interface to create or edit users
Access control and authentication mechanisms
Asynchronous job integration and management
The Plugin Structure
Ubiquo is organized as a series of Rails plugins .
Most of them are self - contained , and some others may need another Ubiquo plugin to deliver the full functionality .
The one that every other plugin needs to be installed is ubiquo_core , which includes all the basic features that other Ubiquo plugins can expect to be always available .
Installing Ubiquo
Ubiquo is easily installed as a ruby gem :
$ gem install ubiquo $ ubiquo new_app
The gem provides some useful options to create your new ubiquo app , use ubiquo — help to see them .
This will currently install all the available plugins .
You now have a working rails application with ubiquo applied .
When the installation is finished , configure the database if needed , and fire the server normally :
$ cd new_app $ script / server
And now visit http://localhost:3000 .
The welcome screen will tell you how to login to ubiquo .
I guess we cannot ignore the Iraqi blogosphere 's opinion regarding the Israeli raid on a flotilla of six ships carrying international activists , known as the “ Gaza Freedom Flotilla ” , who were planning to break the Israeli blockade of Gaza and deliver humanitarian supplies .
The Iraqis themselves have been victims of sanctions , terrorist attacks , tyranny , Al - Qaida extremists , and wars for a very long time .
And perhaps this is why we are having mixed reactions from the Iraqi bloggers regarding the flotilla attack .
Is it a Lawful Attack or Not ?
Iraqi blogger , Raed Jarrar , wrote about the media and how phrases such as “ self - defense , ” and “ proportionality of the attack ” are being used here and there in order to justify the Israeli raid on the flotilla :
Some folks are falling for the claim that Israel 's attack was in “ self - defense ” .
And even many of those who are not buying the Israeli propaganda are distracted by some details about the proportionality of the attack , and whether Israeli soldiers started violence or not .
While the attack was obviously not proportional and Israeli forces could have used many other types of weapons to control the situation without the need to kill and injure dozens of the civilians on the ship , I do n't think it matters if the attack was “ proportional ” or not because it is unlawful to start with .
He then stated that the attack took place in the international waters , and that is why it should be considered unlawful .
He even dedicated a separate blog post [ En ] with records of the exact location of the vessel ( Mavi Marmara ) , which shows that the ship was in international waters before and during the Israeli attack .
Law scholars and experts believe the attack was unlawful because it happened in international waters .
The location of the ship during and after the attack was more than 70 miles off the Israeli shores .
The location is well documented , and no one in the Israeli government is denying the fact that it happened in international waters .
The Israeli raid is a clear violation of the Law of the Sea .
Israel cannot board foreign vessels in international waters without their consent .
However , some politicians might rely on Paragraph 67 ( Section V ) of the San Remo Manual on International Law Applicable to Armed Conflicts at Sea in order to justify the attack .
The paragraph that states that “ Merchant vessels ” may not be attacked unless they are believed on reasonable grounds to be “ breaching a blockade ” .
And that 's why he wrote the following :
International law scholars and experts are very critical of this claim though , because according to them the San Remo Manual does not apply to the conflict between Israel and the Palestinian groups in Gaza .
It only applies to wars between states , and Gaza is not a state .
But even if the San Remo Manual applied to the Israel - Palestinian conflict , there are a number of reasons to believe it does not apply to this particular attack .
For one , the “ blockade ” these ships were breaching is itself unlawful , because it constitutes collective punishment of Gaza 's civilian population in violation of article 33 of the Fourth Geneva Convention , and the blockade is in violation of Paragraph 102 of the San Remo Manual itself that prohibits the establishment of a blockade if “ the damage to the civilian population is , or may be expected to be , excessive in relation to the concrete and direct military advantage anticipated from the blockade . ” .
There are other reasons for why this attack violates the San Remo manual if it applied to the conflict .
For example , Paragraph 47 ( Section III ) prohibits attacks on “ vessels engaged in humanitarian missions , including vessels carrying supplies indispensable to the survival of the civilian population , and vessels engaged in relief actions and rescue operations ” , even if such vessels are “ enemy vessels ” .
Another Example is Paragraph 46 ( Section II ) where an attack must be “ canceled or suspended as soon as it becomes apparent that the collateral casualties or damage would be excessive ” .
It is obvious that whomever is citing Paragraph 67 of the San Remo Manual is cherry picking to deceive public opinion and justify the Israeli massacre .
Raed then continued :
Based on all the information we have so far , Israeli 's claim that the attack was in “ self - defense ” is absurd , because Israel did not have the right to board Mavi Marmara in the first place .
This is like a burglar who claims he or she killed the house owners in self defense because they defended their property with a kitchen knife .
The Israeli use of force is unlawful and illegal under international law because the ship was in international waters .
A Series of Double Standards
Hayder El Khoei ( Eye - Raki ) , on the other hand , decided to point out the series of double standards that accompanied the attack and the reactions of the media outlets towards it .
He started by an imaginary scenario where Iran is the one the attacked the flotilla instead of Israel .
He writes :
Make no mistake about it , had a ship been attacked by the Iranian navy 40 miles out at sea the international community would have been up in arms about the blatant disregard for international law and the United States would have been the first to condemn the act of needless aggression against innocent civilians .
Israel would have called Iran ‘ a nation of pirates ’ and God forbid if a rival nation 's flag was hoisted it could even have been a legitimate reason to declare war .
He then continued , but this time he 's pointing out what he describes as the Turkish double standard :
But then , what do the Turks know about international law and sovereignty ?
They are constantly shelling Iraqi villages in territory that does not belong to them and they deny even the most basic human rights to a significant proportion of their own population .
How would they have reacted if a wave of incoming aid had been sent to the Kurds in the south - east and the convoy openly refused to cooperate with officials ?
It seems that not only media outlets are the one who have double standards .
But according to Hayder so do the people in the Arab and Muslim world :
The response to this mess has been just as baffling to me as the incident itself .
10 people are killed and instantly I receive messages from people I do n't even know telling me to march outside the Israeli Embassy to protest this heinous crime .
Yet when hundreds at a time get blown up to pieces at mosques and markets across the Islamic world , all in the name of ‘ Allah ’ of course , the response is a lot less dramatic .
On Friday almost 100 innocent people were slaughtered whilst worshipping in a mosque in Lahore and no one sent me a text asking me to protest outside the Pakistani Embassy .
Muslims on Friday killed roughly 10 innocent civilians for every activist killed by Jews on Monday .
Palestinians Matter More than Iraqis ?
Iraq Pundit echoes similar sentiments .
He wondered why people are more horrified by the deaths of Palestinians than others ( Iraqis in his case ) ?
I repeat , nobody deserves to be killed .
But why is it that so often people are more horrified by the deaths of Palestinians than others ?
This brings me to ask again where are the protests when Iraqis are killed while buying vegetables at the market , offering condolences at funerals , going to school , or engaging in other ordinary civilian activities .
The message is when Palestinians or their supporters die , it 's a tragedy .
When Iraqis die , it 's just another news story .
Why ?
He then continued in another blog post stating why peaceful demonstrations are always needed even if they are n't going to change anything on the ground :
When I was in college and everyone marched for the Palestinians , nobody thought any government would follow our advice .
We did n't picket the Israeli embassy .
We just walked in the streets carrying signs .
We did n't think Israel would alter its policies .
We marched because we wanted to show the Palestinians our support .
We wanted everyone to know we were angry at how the Palestinians were being treated .
He then continued :
Did it change anything ?
Yet everyone knows the Palestinians have the support of the Arabs .
It might not have resulted in their getting their own state , but they know they are the darlings of the Middle East .
The Iraqis do not feel there is any support from neighboring countries .
Last but not least , Raed Jarrar concluded :
photos via Ron English
Ron English has been posting some BADvertisments as part of the Welling Court Mural Project which opens today in Queens .
via Ron English
In our previous example , we picked out all the repeated words and put those in a dictionary .
To us , this is the most obvious way to write a dictionary .
But a compression program sees it quite differently :
It does n't have any concept of separate words -- it only looks for patterns .
And in order to reduce the file size as much as possible , it carefully selects which patterns to include in the dictionary .
If we approach the phrase from this perspective , we end up with a completely different dictionary .
Advertisement
Advertisement
If the compression program scanned Kennedy 's phrase , the first redundancy it would come across would be only a couple of letters long .
In " ask not what your , " there is a repeated pattern of the letter " t " followed by a space -- in " not " and " what . "
If the compression program wrote this to the dictionary , it could write a " 1 " every time a " t " were followed by a space .
But in this short phrase , this pattern does n't occur enough to make it a worthwhile entry , so the program would eventually overwrite it .
The next thing the program might notice is " ou , " which appears in both " your " and " country . "
If this were a longer document , writing this pattern to the dictionary could save a lot of space -- " ou " is a fairly common combination in the English language .
But as the compression program worked through this sentence , it would quickly discover a better choice for a dictionary entry :
Not only is " ou " repeated , but the entire words " your " and " country " are both repeated , and they are actually repeated together , as the phrase " your country . "
In this case , the program would overwrite the dictionary entry for " ou " with the entry for " your country . "
The phrase " can do for " is also repeated , one time followed by " your " and one time followed by " you , " giving us a repeated pattern of " can do for you . "
This lets us write 15 characters ( including spaces ) with one number value , while " your country " only lets us write 13 characters ( with spaces ) with one number value , so the program would overwrite the " your country " entry as just " r country , " and then write a separate entry for " can do for you . "
The program proceeds in this way , picking up all repeated bits of information and then calculating which patterns it should write to the dictionary .
This ability to rewrite the dictionary is the " adaptive " part of LZ adaptive dictionary - based algorithm .
The way a program actually does this is fairly complicated , as you can see by the discussions on Data - Compression.com .
No matter what specific method you use , this in - depth searching system lets you compress the file much more efficiently than you could by just picking out words .
Using the patterns we picked out above , and adding " __ " for spaces , we come up with this larger dictionary :
ask__ what__ you r__country __can__do__for__you
And this smaller sentence : " 1not__2345__--__12354 "
The sentence now takes up 18 units of memory , and our dictionary takes up 41 units .
So we 've compressed the total file size from 79 units to 59 units !
This is just one way of compressing the phrase , and not necessarily the most efficient one .
( See if you can find a better way ! )
So how good is this system ?
The file - reduction ratio depends on a number of factors , including file type , file size and compression scheme .
In most languages of the world , certain letters and words often appear together in the same pattern .
Because of this high rate of redundancy , text files compress very well .
A reduction of 50 percent or more is typical for a good - sized text file .
Most programming languages are also very redundant because they use a relatively small collection of commands , which frequently go together in a set pattern .
Files that include a lot of unique information , such as graphics or MP3 files , cannot be compressed much with this system because they do n't repeat many patterns ( more on this in the next section ) .
If a file has a lot of repeated patterns , the rate of reduction typically increases with file size .
You can see this just by looking at our example -- if we had more of Kennedy 's speech , we would be able to refer to the patterns in our dictionary more often , and so get more out of each entry 's file space .
Also , more pervasive patterns might emerge in the longer work , allowing us to create a more efficient dictionary .
This efficiency also depends on the specific algorithm used by the compression program .
Some programs are particularly suited to picking up patterns in certain types of files , and so may compress them more succinctly .
Others have dictionaries within dictionaries , which might compress efficiently for larger files but not for smaller ones .
While all compression programs of this sort work with the same basic idea , there is actually a good deal of variation in the manner of execution .
Programmers are always trying to build a better system .
Image caption Jude Law and Sir Christopher Lee head a strong British contingent on the film
Jude Law and Sir Christopher Lee are among the British actors confirmed in the cast of Martin Scorsese 's latest movie , The Invention of Hugo Cabret .
Sacha Baron Cohen , Ray Winstone , Sir Ben Kingsley and Richard Griffiths will also appear in the film , which has started production in London .
The movie , which is the Oscar - winning film maker 's first move into 3D , is due for release in December 2011 .
It is about boy who secretly lives in the walls of a Paris train station .
Hugo becomes caught up in a mysterious adventure involving an eccentric girl , his late father and a robot .
Best seller
Frances de la Tour will also join the cast which already includes 13 - year - old US actress Chloe Moretz , who starred in Kick - Ass .
Asa Butterfield , who recently starred in Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang , has already been confirmed in the role of 12 - year - old orphan Hugo .
Image caption Butterfield also starred in The Boy In The Striped Pyjamas
The film is based on a 2007 book by Brian Selznick which topped the New York Times best seller list .
It has been adapted for the screen by John Logan , screenwriter of Scorsese 's 2004 film The Aviator .
Scorsese won his first best director Oscar in 2007 for The Departed following six unsuccessful nominations .
Android phones feature some pretty neat predictive text features for typing with the software keyboard , but sometimes they do n't contain words you need ( or they add words you do n't want ) .
Here 's how to edit your phone 's predictive text dictionary .
Advertisement
Most vanilla Android phones , like the Nexus One or the Droid , should have an area in the Settings app dedicated to your keyboard 's dictionary , easily accessed by going to Settings > Language and Keyboard >
User dictionary .
However , reader Mr_Bloggeriffic writes in to note that on many phones with the HTC Sense UI , this feature is hard to find in Settings .
Luckily , it is easily accessible from the keyboard :
Maybe this is more obvious to everyone else , but the dictionary is accessible from the speech - to - text button .
The gear icon actually means something !
Long - press the microphone to get to the Touch Input settings menu .
From there , click User Dictionary and edit out all your " well , crap , I did it again !!! " entries .
You can also add entries ( at the top ) , you can long - press an entry to edit , or click the red X to delete .
Advertisement
This particular tip seems to only work on some HTC phones , like the Incredible .
On other models , such as the Droid Eris , for example , there is no speech - to - text icon— instead , in its place , there is just a gear icon that will take you to the same settings with a regular press ( instead of a long press ) .
Additionally , you can access that area in the settings app by going to Language & Keyboard > Touch Input > User Dictionary .
If you 've got a different Android phone that does n't work with any of these methods , let us know in the comments .
The NOAA shares the views of Dr Preston .
It said the high winds and seas will mix and " weather " the oil , which will accelerate biodegradation .
As a hurricane 's winds rotate in an anti-clockwise direction , a hurricane passing to the west of the slick could drive the oil towards the coast .
This would be BP 's worst nightmare .
It is vital that the leak is plugged soon – for the sake of the people living on the Gulf coast – and for the sake of our pensions .
Photography is not solely known for its creative element , but also acclaimed for its trait of being an attractive and enjoyable field .
Undoubtedly , when we talk about the photography world , there are lots of fun facts to be heard like photoshop and so on .
While some stories are heard more often , some still remain unknown to many people .
Can you imagine how simple photos can make big influence to the arts ?
Following are magnificent and amazing arts done by Rob Matthews .
Using only kid ’s drawings , he turned them into such - a- meaningful photos .
[ ad # Google Adsense 336×280 Home + Posts ]
Category : Arts and Culture , Featured
A start - up company has broken ground on a Texas pilot plant that is supposed to produce ethanol and diesel in a radical new way : with an organism that sweats fuel .
The company , Joule Unlimited of Cambridge , Mass. , has developed several patented gene - altered organisms that absorb sunlight and carbon dioxide and combine these into hydrocarbons .
Joule Unlimited
The organisms – basically single - celled plants – live in a panel that vaguely resembles a solar photovoltaic one .
They lie under a glass sheet that is mounted on a frame to face the sun .
They live in brackish water and need small amounts of chemical nutrients , said William J. Sims , president and chief executive of Joule .
A move from the lab to the field will test their tolerance for temperature variations and other natural challenges , he said .
They can survive cold , but the site , in Leander , about 30 miles north of Austin , was chosen because ice was unlikely , he said .
Many companies are pursuing the development of fuel from algae that are immersed in water enriched with carbon dioxide and then soak up sunlight .
The algae produce fats and lipids internally ; the trick is then to crush them and harvest the oil in a way that does not use much energy .
That step has not been widely commercialized .
But Joule says its organisms release their oil and survive to make more .
And the diesel fuel is easy to gather because , like most hydrocarbon oils , it is lighter than water and tends to separate .
Ethanol mixes with water and must be distilled , but the technology for this is widely available .
Although the technology is still at the laboratory stage , Joule ’s system was recently identified by Technology Review , the M.I.T. magazine , as one of the 10 most important emerging technologies .
The Leander pilot is supposed to begin in operation in June .
Mr. Sims was guarded in addressing details about the organisms .
He said that they were based on what occurred in nature that and each type would secrete a different chemical .
The cells will eat , reproduce and then sweat ; water flowing through the system will carry off the hydrocarbon fuel for separation , he said .
After about eight weeks , workers will flush the system clean and start over with a new batch , he said .
Carbon dioxide is trucked in for now , but the longer - term strategy is to locate the operation near a power plant that runs on coal or natural gas and captures its carbon dioxide .
If a national cap on emissions is enacted , a power plant might be willing to pay a fuel plant to take its carbon dioxide gas .
Another potential source is a conventional corn ethanol plant , which produces a pure stream of carbon dioxide .
Last week Joule said it had raised $ 30 million in a second round of financing .
The scale - up from the demonstration plant is simple , Mr. Sims said : just reproduce the cluster of panels , the piping that connects them and the separation plant .
The company projects production of 25,000 gallons of ethanol a year from each acre , which would be many times higher than production from wood waste or other biomass source .
Of course all of this remains to be demonstrated , but Joule hopes to be in commercial production in 2012 .
Couples should be able to choose their baby 's sex
VIEWPOINT
Stephen Wilkinson
Professor of Bioethics at Keele University
Some parents - to - be are desperate to decide the sex of their new baby .
A boy or girl - who should decide ?
Under current UK law this is not allowed , except in order to avoid gender - linked diseases , such as haemophilia and muscular dystrophy .
In this week 's Scrubbing Up bioethicist Stephen Wilkinson argues that it 's time for the law to change .
For millennia , people have sought to influence the gender of their offspring and there are numerous folk myths about , for example , the effect of different sexual positions or foods on your baby 's sex .
Nowadays there are some much more reliable methods , like preimplantation genetic diagnosis ( PGD ) .
This involves creating several embryos outside the body and implanting only male or female ones .
Another option is sperm sorting , which involves dividing a sperm sample into ' male ' and ' female ' subgroups .
I believe that we should allow sex selection in the UK within the context of our carefully regulated reproductive medicine sector
Q&A : Sex selection Read your comments
In some other parts of the world , sex selection is available on demand , provided that you are able and willing to pay for it .
In the UK , it is not .
A ban on sex selection may well be justified in counties like China and India where the predominance of son-preference has already led to a significant shortage of girls .
But the available evidence suggests that , in Western Europe , the number of parents preferring boys is roughly the same as the number preferring girls .
As well as concerns about population sex ratio , people often cite moral objections to sex selection , like saying children should be regarded as " gifts " meaning there should be no attempt by parents to pick and choose their characteristics .
Others say sex selection is sexist and that allowing it here would make it harder for governments in places like China and India to resist .
All of these arguments can be countered .
A right to choice Firstly , should parents regard their children as ' gifts ' ?
Children are not literally gifts , or if they are , from God perhaps , then they are no more gifts than other positive things in life .
Yet we do n't , in general , say that it 's wrong to attempt to shape life 's positive things by , for example , choosing a career , or a house , or a partner .
Secondly , sex selection is not necessarily sexist .
While there are no doubt some prospective parents who think that men are superior to women ( or vice versa ) , for most the choice is just a preference .
A pertinent example here is what 's called family balancing - where a family that already has three boys wants to add a girl to even things up .
Finally , the fear that allowing sex selection here would open the floodgates elsewhere is unfounded .
This argument takes far too seriously the influence of British policy on the behaviour of Chinese and Indian sex selectors , many of whom are acting outside even their own laws .
Sex selection in China and India is already happening on a grand scale anyway , despite the fact that the UK does not allow ' social ' sex selection .
Our ' setting a good example ' by prohibiting sex selection does not seem to be making much difference .
So , while I am not a sex selection enthusiast , and certainly do n't think that it should be encouraged or paid for by the NHS ( except to avoid sex - linked disease ) the arguments for prohibiting it are not as strong as they may at first appear .
There is real cost and harm attached to the ban : some people are distressed by not being able to have the family of their choice , while others are forced to turn to seeking treatment overseas .
I believe that we should allow sex selection in the UK within the context of our carefully regulated reproductive medicine sector .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
John de Lancie is a familiar face to most Star Trek fans , having played Q , one of the franchise ’s most legendary guest characters across three different Star Trek series .
He recently made an appearance at Wizard World Philly 2010 , along with several other Star Trek actors , one of which was his son , Keegan de Lancie .
Keegan played the son of Q on Star Trek : Voyager , and took the stage with his father during a Q&A session on Saturday of the convention .
What many fans may not realize is that Keegan made a radical departure from his days of wearing a Starfleet uniform and pestering Voyager ’s crew .
After attending college at the University of North Carolina - Chapel Hill , and going to Jordan on a Fulbright Scholarship to study Iraqi refugees , he ended up working for the International Organization for Migration ( IOM ) , a United Nations agency .
Geekadelphia had a chance to talk with Keegan for a few minutes on Sunday of the convention .
A transcript is below , after the jump !
Yesterday in the Q&A you mentioned working for a section of the [ United Nations ] .
How did you make the transition from actor in Star Trek to working in the UN ?
Keegan de Lancie : Very easily .
To be honest , that was always my interest .
So I did some acting , some singing , what have you , in high school , but my academic interests were always international development , diplomacy , and conflict resolution .
I went from high school to college , studied that in college , and then straight to the Middle East to work .
What did you major in in college ?
KdL : I had a double major : Arab cultures , and something called Peace , War , and Defense , which is essentially security studies .
It was a good time .
When you do the [ fandom ] conventions with your dad , how do you all decide what conventions to do ?
Is it usually just strictly about schedule , are there certain ones you like going back to every year … ?
KdL : It ’s strictly schedule .
I mean , I have n’t done a convention in years , because again , I do n’t do this .
Yeah , I imagine coming back over , doing cross-continental trips would get tiring .
KdL : Exactly .
So I do n’t do it for this .
I had an interview with the state department in Washington , so I was there last week .
And then I was in the country and decided I ’d come up and see , my parents were coming to the East Coast , so I figured I ’d visit them .
So really it ’s sort of serendipitous that this happened at the same time and that I was in the country for it .
So we came to do it together because we ’re already together .
So was your dad relieved that you decided to go a different route , other than show business ?
KdL : I think so , yes .
Very much .
Thanks again to Keegan de Lancie for giving Geekadelphia a few minutes of his time during Wizard World Philly 2010 !
A simple desktop wallpaper listing Basic Template Files , PHP Snippets for the Header , PHP Snippets for the Templates , Extra Stuff for WordPress , based on WPCandy WordPress Help Sheet .
Size : 2560 ×1600
Gilbert Perreault ( Getty Images )
CLASSIC CLIP OF THE WEEK
By the time the 1970 NHL Draft rolled around it was evident that Gilbert Perreault , a young phenom playing for the Montreal Junior Canadiens , would be the first player selected overall .
What was less certain was where he was going to play his first NHL season .
Vancouver and Buffalo , as the NHL ’s newest franchises , were going to be the teams vying for the No. 1 pick after a draft lottery in Montreal .
Head Coach Punch Imlach headed North to ensure that his new team got all they could .
NHL President Clarence Campbell spoke to both the Canucks and the Sabres as to how the order of the amateur draft would be determined .
A makeshift roulette wheel of sorts was at the forefront in the Grand Salon of the Queen Elizabeth Hotel .
Campbell informed the teams ’ representatives that each party was to select a set of numbers , the wheel would be spun and the winner would get the No. 1 pick .
Imlach chose to go the high route selecting 8 - 13 - as No.11 was his lucky number - leaving Vancouver with the numbers 1 - 6 ( as it was announced that the No. 7 would be a wash ) .
When Campbell spun the wheel , the Canucks rejoiced as the League offered its congratulations :
The wheel had stopped on No. 1 . However , Imlach caused some commotion at the Buffalo table when he asked the League to look again .
After taking a closer look it was obvious that Imlach had reason to doubt the results .
The pointer had actually landed on No. 11 , and Perreault was officially the Original Sabre .
Trail Blazers coach Nate McMillan is poised to shake up his staff , and it appears he has targeted longtime NBA coach Bernie Bickerstaff to serve as his right - hand man .
Sources say lead assistant Dean Demopoulos and assistant Joe Prunty will not be retained , which comes after assistant Monty Williams left the team to become the head coach of New Orleans .
McMillan on Sunday said he is “ looking to make changes ” with his staff but refused to say which coaches will be replaced .
When asked if Demopoulos and Prunty were given two weeks notice earlier this month , McMillan was short .
“ I do n’t want to go into that , ’’ McMillan said .
Demopoulos on Sunday said he is under contract until June 30 , and has not been told one way or the other on his status for next season .
He has coached with McMillan for nine seasons , including four in Seattle .
Prunty , who just finished his second season in Portland , declined comment .
McMillan , who will be entering the sixth and final year of his contract , said he wants to add more head coaching experience to his bench .
Bickerstaff , 66 , was an NBA head coach for 13 - plus seasons , including the first four of McMillan ’s NBA career in Seattle .
“ I want to add more experience on the sidelines with me , ’’ McMillan said .
“ I ’m really happy with my group ( of assistants ) but we do n’t have much with head coaching experience .
Bernie is that type of guy I ’d be looking for .
He would be a guy I would consider . ’’
Earlier this month McMillan refuted a report that Bickerstaff had been added to his staff .
He said that statement was made in response to a question of whether he had been hired .
It is also believed that Bickerstaff ’s son , John - Blair , will be added to the Blazers staff .
John -Blair has spent the past three seasons as an assistant with the Minnesota Timberwolves after serving two years as an assistant in Charlotte .
John -Blair played two seasons of college basketball at Oregon State before transferring to the University of Minnesota .
The Blazers have two other assistants - Bill Bayno and Kaleb Canales - who have continued this offseason to workout players .
Canales for the past three weeks has been between Phoenix working out with Jerryd Bayless , Philadelphia to train Dante Cunningham and Ontario , Calif . for workouts with Jeff Pendergraph .
Canales said on Sunday that “ I ’m a Blazer ” .
Bayno , who is under contract through Aug. 31 , 2011 says he will also be back with the Blazers .
He is currently training Pendergraph in California after returning from the Euro - Camp in Italy .
After the season , McMillan said Maurice Lucas would not return to the staff after missing all of the 2009 - 2010 season battling cancer .
McMillan said he has a short list of candidates , but can not speak to some of them until July 1 , presumably because they too are under contract through June 30 .
It is unclear what has triggered McMillan ’s move to shuffle his staff , but it appears the interest shown by several coaches to pursue other jobs was a factor .
Demopoulos interviewed for the Atlanta Hawks opening for a head coach and Prunty is believed to be a candidate to be on the new staff of New Jersey head coach Avery Johnson .
Prunty served as an assistant in Dallas under Johnson from 2005 - 2008 .
McMillan said he did assemble his coaches two weeks ago to inform them of his intentions .
“ I told them if they are not happy , if they want more , that there are opportunities out there to pursue , ’’ McMillan said .
“ And I told them that I ’m looking at changing the staff . ’’
Bernie Bickerstaff has spent the past two seasons as an assistant with the Chicago Bulls under Vinny Del Negro , McMillan 's college roommate .
Del Negro was fired this offseason .
Bickerstaff was a head coach in Seattle ( 1985 - 1990 ) , Denver ( 1994 - 1996 ) , Washington ( 1996 - 1999 ) and Charlotte ( 2004-2007 ) .
He was NBA Coach of the Year in 1987 with Seattle .
Bickerstaff also served as president and general manager of Denver for seven seasons and was executive vice president of basketball operations in Charlotte .
Recap
Part
One of the series introduced the shortwave radiation from the sun , the balancing longwave radiation from the earth and the absorption of some of that longwave radiation by various “ greenhouse ” gases .
The earth would be a cold place without the “ greenhouse ” gases .
Part
Two discussed the factors that determine the relative importance of the various gases in the atmosphere .
Part Three and Four got a little more technical – an unfortunate necessity .
Part Three introduced Radiative Transfer Equations including the Beer - Lambert Law of absorption .
It also introduced the important missing element in many people ’s understanding of the role of CO 2 – re-emission of radiation as the atmosphere heats up .
Part Four brought in band models .
These are equations which quite closely match the real absorption of CO 2 ( and the other greenhouse gases ) as a function of wavelength .
They are n’t strictly necessary to get to the final result , but they have an important benefit – they allow us to easily see how the absorption changes as the amount of gas increases .
And they are widely used in climate models because they reduce the massive computation time that are otherwise involved in solving the Radiative Transfer Equations .
The important outcome as far as CO 2 is concerned – “ saturation ” can be technically described .
Solving the Equations
The equations of absorption and radiation in the atmosphere – the Radiative Transfer Equations – have been known for more than 60 years .
Solving the equations is a little more tricky .
Like many real world problems , the radiative processes in the atmosphere can be mathematically described from 1st principles but not “ analytically ” solved .
This simply means that numerical methods have to be used to find the solution .
There ’s nothing unproven or “ suspicious ” about this approach .
Every problem from stresses in bridges and buildings to heat dissipation in an electronic product uses this method .
The problem of the effect of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere is formulated with a 1 - dimensional model .
This is the simplest approach ( after the “ billiard ball ” model we saw in part one ) .
But like any model there are certain assumptions that have to be made – the boundary conditions .
And over the last 40 years different scientists have approached the problem from slightly different directions , making comparisons not always easy .
Because the role of CO 2 in the atmosphere is causing such concern the results of these models is consequently much more important .
And so a lot of effort recently has gone into standardizing the approach .
We ’ll look at a few results , but first , for those who would like to visualize what modern methods of “ numerical analysis ” are about – a little digression ..
( and for those who do n’t , jump ahead to the Ramanathan .. subheading ) .
Digression on Numerical Methods
Here ’s a visualization of “ finite element analysis ” of stresses in an impeller .
See the “ wire frame ” look , as if the impeller has been created from lots of tiny pieces ?
In this totally different application , the problem of calculating the mechanical stresses in the unit is that the “ boundary conditions ” – the strange shape – make solving the equations by the usual methods of re-arranging and substitution impossible .
Instead what happens is the strange shape is turned into lots of little cubes .
Now the equations for the stresses in each little cube are easy to calculate .
So you end up with 1000 ’s of “ simultaneous ” equations .
Each cube is next to another cube and so the stress on each common boundary is the same .
The computer program uses some clever maths and lots of iterations to eventually find the solution to the 1000 ’s of equations that satisfy the “ boundary conditions ” .
In the case of the radiative transfer equations ( RTE ) we want to know the temperature profile up through the atmosphere .
The atmosphere is divided into lots of thin slices .
Each “ slice ” has some properties attached to it :
gases like water vapor , CO2 , CH4 at various concentrations with known absorption characteristics for each wavelength
a temperature - unknown – this is what we want to find out
radiation flowing up and down through the “ slice ” at each wavelength – unknown – we also want to find this out
And we have important boundary conditions – like the OLR ( outgoing longwave radiation ) at the top of the atmosphere .
We know this is about 239 W /m2 ( see The Earth ’s Energy Budget – Part One ) .
Using the boundary conditions , we solve the radiative transfer equations for each slice , and the computer program does this by creating lot of simultaneous equations ( energy in each wavelength flowing between each slice is conserved ) .
Ramathan and Coakley , 1978
Why bring up an old paper ?
Partly to demonstrate some of the major issues and one interesting approach to solving them , but also to give a sense of history .
A lot of people think that the concern over greenhouse gases is something new and perhaps all to do with the IPCC or Al Gore .
Back in 1978 , V. Ramanathan and J.A. Coakley ’s paper Climate Modeling through Radiative - Convective Models was published in Reviews of Geophysics and Space Physics .
It was n’t the first to tackle the subject and points to the work done by Manabe and Strickler in 1964 .
By the way , V. Ramanathan is a bit of a trooper , having published 169 peer - reviewed papers in the field of atmospheric physics from 1972 - 2009 ..
I ’m going to call the paper R&C – so R&C cover the detailed maths of course , but then discuss how to deal with the “ problem ” of convection .
In the lower part of the atmosphere heat primarily moves through convection .
Hot air rises – and consequently moves heat .
Radiation also transfers heat but less effectively .
The last section of Part Three introduced this concept with the “ gray model ” .
Here was the image presented :
Remember that each section of the atmosphere radiates energy according to its temperature .
So when we are solving the equations that link each “ slice ” of the atmosphere we have to have a term for temperature .
But how do we include convection ?
If we do n’t include it our analysis will be wrong but solving for convection is a very different kind of problem , related to fluid dynamics ..
What R&C did was to approach the numerical solution by saying that if the energy transfer from radiation at any point in their vertical profile resulted in a temperature gradient less than that from convection then use the known temperature profile at that point .
And if it was greater than the temperature gradient from convection then we do n’t have to think about convection in this “ slice ” of the atmosphere .
By the way , the terminology around how temperature falls with height through the atmosphere is called “ the lapse rate ” and it is about 6.5K / km .
These assumptions in the two cases did n’t mean that absorption and re-radiation were ignored in the lower part of the atmosphere – not at all .
But the equations ca n’t be solved without including temperature .
The question is , do we solve the equations by calculating temperature – or do we use an “ externally imposed ” temperature profile ?
There is lots to digest in the paper as it is a comprehensive review .
The few of interest for this post :
Doubling CO2 from 300 ppm to 600 ppm
Longwave radiative forcing at the top of the troposphere – 3.9W/m2
Surface temperature increase 1.2°C
Result of change in radiative forcing when relative humidity stays constant ( rather than absolute humidity staying constant ) – surface temperature increase is doubled
( Note : this is not quite the “ standardized ” version of doubling considered today of 287 ppm – 576 p pm )
Relative Effect of CO2 and water vapor
This is under 1978 conditions of 330 ppmv for CO2 and in a cloudy sky .
Here they run the calculation with and without different gases and look at how much more outgoing longwave radiation there is , i.e. how much longwave radiation is absorbed by each gas .
The problem is complicated by the fact that there is an overlap in various bands so there are combined effects .
Removing CO2 ( and keeping water vapor ) – 9 % increase in outgoing flux
Removing water vapor ( and keeping CO2 ) – 25 % increase in outgoing flux
Everyone ( = lots of people in lots of websites who probably know a lot more than me ) says that this paper calculates the role of CO2 between 9 % and 25 % but that ’s not how I read it .
Perhaps I missed something .
What it says to me is that overlap must be significant because if we take out water vapor it is only a 25 % effect .
And if we take out CO2 it is a 9 % effect .
( I have emailed the great V. Ramanathan to ask this question , but have not had a response so far . )
Therefore , guessing at the overlap effect , or more accurately , assigning the overlap equally between the two , water vapor has about 2.5 times the effect of CO2 .
As you will see in the next paper , this is about what our later results show .
So , more than 30 years ago , atmospheric physicists calculated some useful results which have been confirmed and refined by later scientists in the field .
Kiehl and Trenberth 1997
Earth ’s Annual Global Mean Energy Budget by J.T. Kiehl and Kevin Trenberth was published in Bulletin of the American Meteorological Society in 1997 .
( The paper is currently available from this link )
The paper is very much worth a read in its own right as it reviews and updates the data at the time on the absorption and reflection of solar radiation and the emission and re-absorption of longwave radiation .
( There is an updated paper – that free link currently works – in 2008 but it assumes the knowledge of the 1997 paper so the 1997 paper is the one to read ) .
This paper does n’t assess the increase in radiative forcing or the consequent temperature change that might imply from the current levels of CO 2 , CH 4 etc .
Instead this paper is focused on separating out the different contributions to shortwave and longwave absorbed and reflected and so on .
What is interesting about this paper for our purposes in that they quantify the relative role of CO 2 and water vapor in clear sky and cloudy sky conditions .
To do the calculation of absorption and re-emission of longwave radiation they used the US Standard Atmosphere 1976 for vertical profiles of temperature , water vapor and ozone .
They assumed 353 ppmv of CO 2 , 1.72 ppmv of CH 4 and 0.31 of N 2 O , all well mixed .
Note that , like R&C , they assumed a temperature profile to carry out the calculations because convection dominates heat movement in the lower part of the atmosphere .
Two situations are considered in their calculations – clear sky and cloudy sky .
Let ’s look at the clear sky results :
The radiation value from the earth ’s surface matches the temperature of 288K ( 15 °C ) – you can see how temperature and radiation emitted are linked in the maths section at the end of CO2 – An Insignificant Trace Gas ?
Part One .
The value calculated initially at the top of atmosphere was 262 W / m2 , the value was brought into line with the ERBE measured value of 265 W / m2 by a slight change to the water vapor profile , see Note 1 at the end .
Of course , the difference between the surface and top of atmosphere values is accounted for by absorption of long wave radiation by water vapor , CO 2 , etc .
No surprise to those who have followed the series to this point .
By comparison the cloudy sky numbers were :
Surface – 390W / m 2 ( no surprise , the same 288 K surface )
( no surprise , the same 288 K surface ) TOA – 235W / m2 .
More radiation is absorbed when clouds are present .
See Note 2 at end .
Now onto the important question : of the 125W / m2 “ clear sky greenhouse effect ” , what is the relative contribution of each atmospheric absorber ?
The only way to calculate this is to remove each gas in turn from the model and recalculate .
Clear Sky
Water vapor contributes 75W / m 2 or 60 % of the total
or 60 % of the total CO2 contributes 32W / m2 or 26 % of the total
Cloudy Sky
Water vapor contributes 51W / m 2 or 59 % of the total
or 59 % of the total CO 2 contributes 24W / m2 or 28 % of the total
Note that significant longwave radiation is also absorbed by liquid water in clouds .
Conclusion
Using these three elements :
the well known equations of radiative transfer ( basic physics )
the measured absorption profiles of each gas
the actual vertical profiles of temperature and concentrations of the various gases in the atmosphere
The equations can be solved in a 1 - d vertical column through the atmosphere and the relative effects of different gases can be separated out and understood .
Additionally , the effect in “ radiative forcing ” of the current level of CO 2 and of CO 2 doubling ( compared with pre-industrial levels ) can be calculated .
This radiative forcing can be applied to work out the change in surface temperature – with “ all other things being equal ” .
“ All other things being equal ” is the way science progresses – you have find a way to separate out different phenomena and isolate their effects .
The temperature increase in the R&C paper of 1.2 °C only tells us the kind of impact from this level of radiative forcing .
Not what actually happens in practice , because in practice we have so many other factors affecting our climate .
That does n’t mean it is n’t a very valuable result .
Now the value of radiative forcing will be slightly changed if “ all other things are not equal ” but if the concentration of water vapor , CO 2 , CH 4 , etc are similar to our model the changes will not be particularly significant .
It is only really the actual temperature profile through the atmosphere that can change the results .
This is affected by the real climate of 3d effects – colder or warmer air blowing in , for example .
Overall , from comparing the results of 3 - d models – ie the average results of lots of 1 - d models , the values are not significantly changed – more on this in a later post .
We see that CO 2 is around 25 % of the “ greenhouse ” effect , with water vapor at around 60 % .
Note that the calculation uses the “ US Standard Atmosphere ” – different water vapor concentrations will have a significant impact , but this is an “ averaged ” profile .
The only way to really determine the numbers is to run the RTE ( radiative transfer equations ) through a numerical analysis and then redo the calculations without each gas .
The two questions to ask if you see very different numbers is “ under what conditions ? ” and more importantly “ how did you calculate these numbers ? ”
Hopefully , for everyone following the series it will be clear that you ca n’t just eyeball the spectral absorption and the average relative concentrations of the gases and tap it out on a calculator .
I thought it would be all over by Part Three , but CO 2 is a gift that keeps on giving ..
Updates :
CO2 – An Insignificant Trace Gas ?
Part Six – Visualization
CO2 – An Insignificant Trace Gas ?
Part Seven – The Boring Numbers
CO2 – An Insignificant Trace Gas ? – Part Eight – Saturation
See also – Theory and Experiment – Atmospheric Radiation – demonstrating the accuracy of the radiative - convective model from experimental results
Notes and References
Note 1 – As Kiehl and Trenberth explain , there are some gaps in our knowledge in a few places of exactly how much energy is absorbed or reflected from different components under different conditions .
One of the first points that they make is that the measurement of incoming shortwave and outgoing longwave ( OLR ) are still subject to some questions as to absolute values .
For example , the difference between incoming solar and the ERBE measurement of OLR is 3W / m2 .
There are some questions over the OLR under clear sky conditions .
But for the purposes of “ balancing the budget ” a few numbers are brought into line as the differences are still within instrument uncertainty .
Note 2 – I did n’t want to over - complicate this post .
Cloudy sky conditions are more complex .
Compared with clear skies clouds reflect lots of solar ( shortwave ) radiation , absorb slightly more solar radiation and also absorb more longwave radiation .
Overall clouds cool our climate .
References
Climate Modeling through Radiative - Convective Models , V. Ramanathan and J.A. Coakley , Reviews of Geophysics and Space Physics ( 1978 )
Earth ’s Annual Global Mean Energy Budget , J.T. Kiehl and Kevin Trenberth , Bulletin of the American Meteorological Society ( 1997 )
May 22nd 2014
New website !
Most of the contents of this website , trickstutorials.com , are already available there now .
Some were remade and remixed !
And the missing things will be ported over by the end of this year 2014 .
Thanks for twelve years !
So I opened this website May 22nd 2002 and now I 'm finished with it May 22nd 2014 .
A twelve year run is good !
I will no longer be updating trickstutorials.com , but it will remain online .
If you want to view the contents of this website please add .php to the end of any URL that does n't load .
See you over at Acrobolix !
Wile E Coyote
What you do n’t see is the fact that the Roadrunner already flew by and I think I know someone who is about to have that hanging piano on a string trick backfire on them .
Missouri
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 7.3/10 ( 10 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
Rating : 0 ( from 2 votes )
In honor of this special day , Outer Blogness ( and the Bloggernacle ) are full of touching tributes to mothers and cute pictures of baby animals .
And adventures in motherhood .
( Also , let me plug my own mom ’s cool history blog . )
Naturally , this holiday leads us to reflect on Heavenly Mother , with some standard criticisms .
On to women ’s issues in general : The American Academy of Pediatrics ( AAP ) has come out with a new policy condoning a “ ritual nick ” — as a medical procedure — as an answer to the cultural practice of female genital mutilation .
Folks did n’t mince words when explaining what ’s wrong with that .
Holly has discovered some interesting historical connections between feminism and vegetarianism .
Aerin discusses the ad - hominem of claiming that a woman who is n’t a mother ca n’t understand nurturing .
Tara ’s is perhaps tangential ( there are many women in the service industry ) but she explains a bit about being considerate of restaurant workers .
And JulieAnn has been doing some very interesting research on sexuality .
And , while we ’re discussing women ’s issues , let ’s not forget that racism is still alive and well , not to mention homophobia .
Plus there ’ve been some other interesting holidays lately : May Day and Cinco de Exmo .
And on a totally unrelated note , popular commenter Seth R. did a podcast episode on apologetics for Mormon Expression !
It was so thought - provoking that somebody started whole new blog just to respond to it !
But if debating is n’t your style , then maybe you ’d like to tell the fMh crowd why you ’re not at church or just spend the day singing the best atheist songs !
European Central Bank governing council member Athanasios Orphanides spoke with Dow Jones Newswires reporter Nina Koeppen .
The conversation took place in his office on the 33rd floor of the ECB tower in Frankfurt on Thursday , following the ECB ’s policy - setting meeting .
Born in Cyprus and educated at Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Orphanides was on the U.S. Federal Reserve staff from 1990 to 2007 .
Below , the transcript of the interview .
Orphanides : Before I ’ll get to your questions , let me please comment on an article in Thursday ’s Wall Street Journal that presents survey results about default or restructuring by Greece and other European countries .
The article reports that most of the respondents are American economists and I think the results reflect a lack of understanding of how the European Union and the euro area function .
There is an element of absurdity in talking about a high probability of default by the Greek government right now [ 73 % according to a survey by The Wall Street Journal ] .
A European Union support plan is in place .
Over the past three months , the Greek government has taken very decisive measures to control public finances .
We now have concrete evidence that the Greek government ’s fiscal consolidation plan is on track .
Take a look at the latest numbers reported by Finance Minister Papaconstantinou :
Over the first five months of 2010 , government revenues increased by about 8 % while government spending was cut by more than 10 % , compared to the year before .
This is evidence why one should be much more confident about Greece today .
Dow Jones : Investors are also concerned about public finances elsewhere , such as in Portugal and Spain .
Are governments doing enough to get public finances back on a sustainable path ?
Orphanides :
We have seen decisive actions by a number of governments , including the governments you mention .
These regard fiscal consolidation and also structural reforms that are essential to improve prospects for higher growth and employment over time .
These efforts are in the right direction and should be applauded .
Dow Jones :
Will the need for fiscal consolidation eventually split the euro zone in two inflation - wise : Periphery countries facing deflation , others inflation ?
Orphanides : I do n’t see that .
In the euro area , we have one economy with one currency .
That ’s why we cannot have permanent deviations in either prices or nominal wages that are not justified by differentials in productivity .
Temporary deviations may occur and may last for a few years .
We must carefully monitor the relative competitiveness of different economies in the euro area .
But , what I have in mind , is a more effective monitoring of competitiveness measures , such as relative wage developments , relative price developments and productivity differentials . .
Dow Jones : Could you please specify what you mean by “ a few years ” , especially as the ECB targets a medium - term horizon ?
Orphanides : Divergence that cannot be explained by relative productivity differentials could create difficulties and require adjustments .
That ’s what we have seen in some euro - area countries in the past few years .
The adjustment process may take a while , but will be beneficial over the longer term .
I note that this is an adjustment of relative prices and wages within the euro area while the ECB ’s objective is to maintain price stability in the euro area as a whole .
Dow Jones :
You ’ve just said the euro zone needs more efficient monitoring .
Please elaborate .
Orphanides :
The euro area would clearly benefit from more effective economic governance .
Improvement could be pursued in a number of dimensions and include the improved surveillance of various factors :
The surveillance of nominal indicators–such as relative wage developments and relative price developments that may indicate the building up of divergence that cannot be explained by productivity differentials .
Perhaps the most crucial item that has revealed itself in the current episode :
We need to strengthen the mechanism of fiscal surveillance and enforcement to ensure compliance with the rules of the monetary union .
We must do that much more effectively than in the recent past .
Dow Jones :
What kind of institution would carry out the surveillance ?
Would that institution also be able to enforce better governance ?
Orphanides : President Trichet recently said a “ quantum leap ” would be desirable in economic governance .
We can think of a number of areas where the mechanisms could be strengthened .
One attractive idea is the creation of an independent fiscal agency that monitors and assesses fiscal policies across the euro area .
We must improve the incentive mechanisms for governments to control their finances .
That also requires a more effective mechanism for imposing sanctions in case of noncompliance .
Some of these ideas may require fundamental changes , but they are worth considering as they promise to improve the functioning of the euro area with substantial long - term benefits for all .
Dow Jones :
What would an independent fiscal agency look like ?
It must surely be independent of political pressures .
Orphanides :
One idea is the creation of an independent agency within the European Commission , which is already independent of governments .
It is essential to strengthen the mechanism for something as simple as the collection of reliable data .
The past few years have demonstrated that the current mechanism does not always ensure the reliability of fiscal data reporting .
A better data collection and validation mechanism is needed to help the Commission assess the fiscal position of member countries .
Dow Jones : Does that mean the EU Commission should get greater powers ?
Orphanides : Depending on the situation , it may be desirable for a European Union body to have the power to be more intrusive in order to get the information needed for effective governance .
It may also be desirable for the agency to have the power to enforce better fiscal governance by imposing sanctions to discourage misbehavior .
Dow Jones :
What role would the ECB play in all that ?
Orphanides :
The ECB is already a European institution and one that works very well .
The primary role of the ECB is to ensure price stability in the euro area .
But clearly , we would support the political discussion on improving economic governance in the euro area as best as we can .
Strengthening economic governance in the euro area is of the utmost importance to prevent a similar crisis occurring in the future .
It should be high on the euro area ’s political agenda .
Dow Jones :
What ’s at stake if politicians do n’t get their act together ?
Orphanides :
Our economic union offers much greater potential for improving economic well - being for all European Union citizens than is currently being realized .
Unless we strengthen the foundations of the euro area , we will fail to realize fully the benefits of greater economic integration and interdependence and will forego a higher growth potential .
We will also fail to improve the resilience of our economy in addressing challenges that can evolve into costly crises .
The tensions experienced throughout the euro area as a result of the recent Greek situation serve as an illustration of these costs .
The absence of a robust crisis management framework led to a considerable delay in addressing the problem by the European Union , which rattled market confidence and raised the costs of dealing with the underlying problem .
In the aftermath of the crisis , I am confident that the political leadership of the European Union will rise to the occasion , as has happened at critical moments in the past , and act towards a more integrated and strengthened economic and monetary union .
Dow Jones :
Why does the ECB purchase Greek sovereign debt now that the EU ’s 500 - billion - euro plus stabilization fund is being set up ?
Or , to put it differently , will the ECB stop buying sovereign debt once the fund becomes fully operational later this month ?
Orphanides :
The ECB launched its Securities Markets Program to address severe tensions in certain market segments that hampered the monetary transmission mechanism .
I could envision that , when the European Financial Stability Facility is fully operational , there will be improvements in the market segments that have not been functioning well over the past several weeks .
Clearly , once these improvements are in place , there would no longer be a need to continue with a specific program .
That ’s why the ECB is constantly monitoring the situation .
Dow Jones : Turning to the Eurosystem ’s staff forecasts published Thursday :
Is the latest upward revision in the inflation outlook only a temporary development , or does it signal a change in the interest rate cycle ?
Orphanides :
The current inflation projections are quite benign .
They do not indicate risks of breaching our price stability objective .
The inflation projections for 2011 also paint a rather benign picture –with an inflation estimate of around 1.5 % .
What ’s important is that the upward revision in the inflation forecast is primarily driven by energy and other commodity price increases .
It does not reflect an underlying inflation concern .
Indeed , core inflation in the euro area has been trending down .
In light of these developments , I do not view high inflation as a concern .
Also , and most importantly , inflation expectations over the medium to long term have remained very well anchored , in line with our objective of price stability .
Dow Jones :
Is the weak inflation outlook partly a result of slack domestic demand ?
Orphanides : Indeed , if you look at the Eurosystem staff forecasts , then private consumption growth should remain fairly weak .
That ’s one of the reasons why Eurosystem staff do not foresee significant risks of underlying inflation picking up .
This is how I interpret the staff forecasts .
Dow Jones :
Is the euro - zone ’s economic upswing robust enough to cope with rising money market rates ?
Orphanides :
We are sensitive to the liquidity needs in the banking sector .
Currently the ECB supplies as much liquidity as demanded by the banking sector in order to defuse any concerns about the availability of liquidity .
With a fixed - rate , full allotment procedure for the three - month operations for the third quarter already announced , the ECB has ensured that banks will have available as much liquidity as needed through the end of the year , and we are still in June .
Dow Jones : Did you discuss at the Governing Council meeting the launch of a new six - month tender ?
Orphanides :
We are continuously monitoring conditions and , as President Trichet said in the introductory statement , the overall provision of liquidity will be adjusted as appropriate .
There were times , not that long ago when people were burdened under hard times .
The times were so difficult that they could barely get food on the table , where shoes were made out of old tires , where friends and family had to bind together .
When a neighbor , friend or family was in need , everyone would pitch in to help .
I recently read a blog post about how one author believes we have lost the great American value of caring for their neighbor .
Sadly , I see where the author is coming from , as I have heard from other preppers , and read on many different occasions where commenters on blogs and articles would say that when the SHTF , they are not willing to help anyone who comes to them in need ; and that those persons should have prepped when they had the chance .
These comments reflect the mentality we have all come to learn over the years .
The mentality of “ what ’s in it for me , ” and “ oh well , it ’s not my problem . ”
Although , helping a person is a personal choice , I tend to agree with the blog post I read about how we are losing our sense of personal values .
The writer writes :
The idea of helping out our fellow man in this struggle we call life appears to be a distant memory .
In the mind of a vast majority of the people in these modern times , caring for anyone other than yourself is more a novelty than an actual thing that happens .
Caring used to be a part of our nature as human beings .
There was a time in the not so distant past that if a neighbor was in need , his community could and would gladly step up and come to his door and offer a hand .
When you would , without a second thought , share the bounties of your garden or your kitchen or your labor .
Not one thought of “ what ’s in it for me ? ” or “ I do n’t have time for this , or “ Screw them . ” … let them take care of it themselves .
The author goes on to add that :
I fear we have lost most all of these “ values ” in the troubled times we live in .
We are all so worried about “ us ” that we have lost the very fabric that once held us together .
Face it .
Most of us ca n’t even say that we know our neighbors … much less their kid ’s names .
We are too involved with “ us ” to look beyond our own front yards .
When push comes to shove , there may come a time when we , as individuals fall on hard times , and we would all feel blessed if a neighbor came to give us a hand , or help us out of a bind .
Personally speaking , if a long term disaster were to occur , this author believes that helping out a neighbor and showing others how to be more self reliant would be more beneficial than allowing them to starve and be forgotten .
Who knows , perhaps the favor can be repaid one day when hard times fall upon us .
Ever get stuck next to the guy in your section who wo n't get off his cellphone ?
Well , this video is for you .
If you 're the one calling , hang up and pay attention .... unless you want a Rawlings to the face .
Sweet justice courtesy of the bat of Rob Johnson during last night 's Yankee - Mariners game .
Watch it a couple more times to just to get the full " ooof " effect .
[ Video via WWOR / YES .
Thanks to @NYCJayhawk for the tip . ]
HOUSTON ( Reuters ) - A natural gas pipeline explosion in North Texas killed three people on Monday afternoon , according to a local official .
As many as 10 others may be missing , said Chester Nolen , city manager of Cleburne , Texas .
“ We ’ve heard between three and 10 people are unaccounted for , ” Nolen said .
“ The facts are very fluid right now .
We ’re trying to pull together information from three hospitals . ”
A Texas state trooper said eight workers from Brazos Electric , a generation and transmission cooperative , were digging a hole near the pipe when the blast occurred .
“ They were drilling holes to put up power lines when they struck the gas line , ” said State Trooper Dub Gillum with the Texas Department of Public Safety .
“ Most of them got out and got away . ”
Five workers were taken to the Glen Rose Medical Center in Glen Rose , Texas , by private vehicle , said Gary Marks , chief executive of the medical center .
The five men had suffered burns and were listed in stable condition .
Enterprise Products Partners said it owns the 36 - inch pipeline , which is part of its Texas Intrastate system .
The explosion was 15 miles south of Godley , Texas .
The Texas intrastate pipeline system transports natural gas within the borders of the state of Texas .
One energy analyst said the gas pipeline blast could add to jitters about energy supply from across the Gulf Coast , where the BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico has prompted the government to place limitations on drilling .
“ The explosion comes at a time when uncertainty surrounds future drilling activities amid a moratorium that the government has imposed , ” said Phil Flynn , analyst with PFGBest Research in Chicago .
“ It comes at a time when forecasts for Gulf of Mexico natural gas production are falling and just after the recent ominous forecast about the current hurricane season had been priced in ” to futures markets .
Image caption Robbie Earle played for Jamaica in the 1998 World Cup
ITV World Cup pundit Robbie Earle has been sacked by the broadcaster after tickets for his family and friends were passed on to a third party .
ITV said a " substantial number " of tickets for the Denmark v Holland match on Monday had been passed on , breaching Fifa rules .
It has been claimed a block of tickets were used by a Dutch company for an " ambush marketing effort " .
In a statement Earle said : " I did n't think I was doing anything wrong . "
He added : " I hope when people hear the full story they will see me in a different light .
I have absolutely no connection with any marketing ambush agency and have not profited in any way from these tickets . "
ITV 's full statement said : " Following claims by FIFA that official 2010 World Cup tickets may have been used for ambush marketing , ITV has reviewed its entire ticket allocation for the tournament , " the TV network said in a statement .
" Immediate investigations indicated that a block of ITV tickets would appear to have been used for unauthorised purposes during the Holland v Denmark match .
" Further enquiries have revealed that a substantial number of tickets allocated to Robbie Earle for family and friends have been passed to a third party in breach of FIFA rules .
" As a result , Robbie Earle 's contract with ITV has been terminated with immediate effect . "
The announcement comes after officials ejected 36 women who were wearing orange mini-dresses during Holland 's game against Denmark .
The women were accused of " ambush marketing " for a brand of beer .
Members of the group , accused of promoting a brand that is not one of the tournament 's official sponsors , were found with tickets understood to have been part of Earle 's allocation .
The tickets ' terms and conditions stipulate they must not be passed on or sold to anyone else .
Earle , 45 , an ambassador for England 's 2018 World Cup bid , played for Wimbledon and Port Vale as well as for Jamaica in the 1998 World Cup .
Posted on June 11 , 2010 in Images
As of June 1 , 2010 , the Total Public Debt Outstanding was approximately 88.9 % of GDP , and for the first time exceeded $ 13 trillion .
Yes , you read that right : the national debt for the United States is now 90 % of the total economic output for a year .
The 2010 Budget proposed by President Barack Obama projects significant debt increases , both in terms of dollars and relative to GDP [ Source via GPOAccess ] .
The debt is projected to nearly double to $ 20 trillion by 2015 , but is expected to increase to nearly 100 % of GDP by 2020 and remain at that level thereafter .
In March 2009 , the Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) estimated that gross debt will rise from 70.2 % of GDP in 2008 to 100.6 % in 2012 .
Essentially , there will be more debt than economic out by 2012 .
Do n’t worry , Obama is n’t the only one to blame : Under President George W. Bush , the national debt increased from $ 5.6 trillion in January 2001 to $ 10.7 trillion by December 2008 , rising from 58 % of GDP to 70.2 % of GDP .
Even more disconcerting is the countries that own American debt — the foreign ownership of this debt is listed below [ via Wikipedia ] :
Leading Foreign Owners of US Treasury Securities & Debt Nation Billions of Dollars Percentage People ’s Republic of China 877.5 23.4 Japan 768.5 20.5 United Kingdom 233.5 6.2 Oil Exporters 218.8 5.8 Brazil 170.8 4.6 Hong Kong 152.4 4.1 Taiwan 121.4 3.2 Russia 120.2 3.2 Grand Total 3750.5 65.8
See Also : US National Debt 1940 - 2010 , Stimulus Wimps , Pete Peterson Has Won : Americans Rate Federal Debt as Top Threat , Household Net Worth off $ 11.4 Trillion , Federalizing Your Retirement , Comstock : The Dire Outlook For Housing , Taleb : Debt Problems Are Worse Now Than in 2008 , We need a “ truce ” on social issues to concentrate on our fiscal crisis , The U.S. Total Debt Picture : Still Rising Slowly , and National Debt Now Rated With Terrorism As Top Fear Of Nation ’s Voters .
[ tags ] national debt , graphs , graph of national debt , debt as a percent of gdp , debt as a percentage of gdp , american debt , american national debt , total debt , pictures , photographs , pics , united states debt , economics american total debt [ / tags ]
Sony has finally begun making money on its PlayStation 3 console and expects its game business to turn a profit this year , the company said Thursday .
The turnaround represents a success for Sony 's new management team , which made profitability at the division a key short - term goal when it took over in April 2009 .
" The game business achieved a profit in the fourth quarter due to strong sales of first - party software and the elimination of negative margins on the PS3 , " said Nobuyuki Oneda , chief financial officer of Sony , at a Tokyo news conference .
He was referring to the fourth quarter of Sony 's fiscal year that runs from April to March .
The PlayStation 3 has remained a money loser for Sony ever since it went on sale in November 2006 .
High development and manufacturing costs combined with lower - than - expected sales meant Sony had n't been able to realize profits from the device .
Things began to change in the second half of last year when Sony launched a redesigned PlayStation 3 .
Advances in electronics and manufacturing meant the console was cheaper to produce and Sony managed to boost sales by reducing the price .
The move paid off .
In the final three months of 2009 sales of the console hit 6.5 million , up 2 million units for the same period of 2008 .
The strong performance continued into 2010 with sales in the first three months of the year of 2.2 million , up 600,000 units on the year .
During the three month period Sony started making money on each console sold .
The turnaround came too late in the year to reverse losses at the game business , which lost around ¥ 50 billion ( US $ 540 million ) , but Sony anticipates it will be able to report much rosier results this time next year .
" For this year we expect to be able to generate at least double - digit profits , " Oneda said of the games business .
Continued profitability of the PlayStation 3 will play a big part in this .
Sony hopes to sell 15 million consoles this year , up from 13 million in the fiscal year just ended .
The company will also be looking to game software and network sales as it expands the online PlayStation Store beyond games to include movies , music videos and comics .
The PlayStation 3 is also due to shortly get a firmware update that will add 3D capabilities to the device .
The update , which will be offered at no cost , will enable 3D games and 3D Blu-ray Disc content to be viewed through the device when hooked up to a suitable 3D television .
Later in the year Sony will launch PlayStation Move , a handheld games controller than can sense and estimate movement and acceleration .
The companion PlayStation Eye , a camera with image recognition capabilities , will be launched .
Management 's next target will likely be the underperforming PlayStation Portable .
The handheld gaming device , which competes against Nintendo 's DS , registered year - on - year sales falls for each quarter of the last fiscal year and Sony does n't anticipate things to get better .
Unit sales of the PSP were 9.9 million in the fiscal year , down from 14.1 million the year earlier .
For the current year Sony expects sales to fall to 8 million units .
Martyn Williams is Tokyo Bureau Chief for IDG News Service and can be reached by e-mail at martyn_williams@idg.com and on Twitter @martyn_williams
Cuts “ destructive and unnecessary ” says Green Party leader
19 June 2010
Green Party leader Caroline Lucas MP will this week tell the coalition government there is “ no good reason for any cuts in public expenditure during the life of this parliament . ”
On Monday 21 June Britain ’s first Green MP is to issue a new report – Cuts : the callous con trick ( 1 ) – in which she will make the case that cuts are unnecessary “ because the economy could instead be rebalanced using additional tax revenues . ”
The report , written jointly with tax expert Richard Murphy and Colin Hines of Finance for the Future , condemns the government “ for failing to put to the electorate the option of fair tax instead of cuts , ” and accuses ministers of increasing the likelihood of a double - dip recession .
Cuts “ are not an economic inevitability but an ideological choice ”
Caroline Lucas said today :
“ Cuts are not an economic inevitability .
They are an ideological choice .
Politicians of all parties are now sharpening their axes to slash public spending , forcing those on lower incomes , who depend on public services the most , to pay the highest price for the recent excesses of the bankers .
“ There is a choice .
We should ask those best able to pay to foot the bill through fairer taxation .
That ’s the challenge I ’m issuing : for that political choice to be made .
It must be clearly asserted that we are not all in this together : that some had more responsibility for this crisis than others , and some benefited more from the boom that preceded it .
Those who enjoyed the largest benefits must pay up now .
For that to happen , fair taxes , not cuts , must become the new big idea to replace today ’s callous and uncaring cuts fanaticism . ”
Tax avoidance and evasion “ truly staggering ” – could be as high as £ 100bn a year
The Brighton Pavilion MP continued :
“ The UK is currently one of the most unequal societies in Europe .
But the financial crisis offers us an opportunity to rebalance the tax system .
We could do it , for example , by applying the 50 % tax rate to incomes above £ 100,000 , abolishing the upper limit for national insurance contributions , raising capital gains tax to the recipient ’s highest income tax rate , and helping lower earners by reintroducing the 10 % tax band .
“ Moreover , the huge extent of tax avoidance , tax evasion and unpaid tax in the UK economy is truly staggering .
HM Revenue & Customs themselves admit that tax evasion and avoidance together come to at least £ 40 billion a year , whilst in November 2009 they also admitted there was £ 28 billion of unpaid tax owing to them .
Shocking as these numbers are , some experts have suggested that tax evasion – that ’s deliberately breaking the law to not pay tax – might be as high as £ 70 billion a year , and tax avoidance – in other words , exploiting loopholes in tax law – might be £ 25 billion a year .
That would take the total target for necessary action to collect tax due and owing to more than £ 100 billion a year ”
Cut tax abuse , not tax - collectors ’ jobs
Caroline Lucas continued :
“ Whilst these appalling losses to the nation ’s coffers are occurring , HM Revenue & Customs are pursuing a programme of job cuts which will ultimately reduce their own staff by 20,000 – close to one quarter of the total .
This makes absolutely no sense .
This programme should be reversed , staff re-employed , and local tax offices re-opened in order to tackle tax abuse .
It has been calculated that at least £ 15 billion of extra tax could be collected each year as a result .
That could prevent a massive range of cuts . "
Richard Murphy , tax expert , chartered accountant and co-author of the report said :
“ Our report sets out a range of additional options for changing the tax rules for the UK so that more than £ 40 billion of additional taxes could be raised each year by the end of the life of this parliament .
That , together with the tax collecting efficiency savings already noted , would together deliver more than £ 60 billion of tax revenues for the UK – so preventing the need for any cuts at all . ”
Richard Murphy added :
“ A government really can spend to save the economy when in a recession .
During this one , borrowing has been smaller and unemployment lower than forecast because of the measures taken by the last government to stimulate the economy .
This report argues that a Green New Deal involving public and private investment in a massive labour intensive UK wide energy saving programme and a rapid shift to renewables should be the basis for continuing that programme of support for our economy .
This would ensure that we come out of the recession better equipped for the future we ’re going to face . "
Caroline Lucas concluded :
“ Fairer tax not cuts must become the real battleground of this new Parliament .
It is the debate the Coalition and Labour alike must embrace .
As the full ghastliness and unfairness of the cuts become ever clearer , the public clamour for fairer taxes rather than cuts can only grow . "
Note
1 . The report can be read at : http://www.financeforthefuture.com/TaxBriefing.pdf.
Back to main news page
QUOTE OF THE DAY ….
Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) does n’t want Faisal Shahzad , the suspect in the failed car bombing in Times Square , to be Mirandized .
Neither does Rep. Pete King ( R - N.Y . ) .
“ Did they Mirandize him ?
I know he ’s an American citizen but still , ” King said .
“ But still “ ?
What does that mean , exactly ?
Keep in mind , King will be the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee next year if Republicans retake the House majority .
Come to think of it , there are a few other things to keep in mind .
First , as a practical matter , we know that the Mirandizing suspects does not undermine our national security interests .
For decades , this was n’t even a subject open to debate until Republicans decided last year this might be exploited politically to confused scared voters .
Second , on Fox News this morning , both Glenn Beck and Andrew Napolitano supported following the law and Mirandizing Shahzad .
Congratulations , John McCain and Pete King , you ’re now slightly less reasonable than Fox News personalities .
Third , as Matt Yglesias noted , reading a suspect his / her rights is n’t just some nicety : “ [ T ] o give [ a suspect ] the death penalty , or indeed any penalty , you need to put him on trial .
Which is to say you need to prove that the guy in custody is actually responsible for the crime .
And the whole reason cops mirandize suspects is that if you do n’t , you risk having your evidence thrown out of court .
If you gather all the information before mirandizing , you could be throwing the whole thing into doubt .
Which is why professionals give out the warning . ”
And finally there ’s this important contextual observation from Adam Serwer : “ Yesterday , when the primary suspect in the attempted bombing of Times Square was a middle - aged white guy , Republican leaders were the picture of calm , sober leadership .
High - ranking Republicans on committees related to national security like Pete Hoekstra and Peter King urged people not to jump to conclusions , while Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell praised New Yorkers for not succumbing to fear … .
That was yesterday . ”
Zeitgeschichte Rassenforschung am Rechner
Er entwickelte die erste programmierbare Rechenmaschine der Welt : Deutschland feiert den 100 .
Geburtstag von Konrad Zuse .
Stand der Computerpionier dem Nazi-Regime näher als bekannt ?
The Galaxy 15 satellite is seen before its 2005 launch to geostationary orbit nearly 36,000 kilometers over the Earth 's equator .
PARIS - An adrift Intelsat satellite thatstopped communicating with its ground controllers last month remains out ofcontrol and has begun moving eastward along the geostationary arc , raising thethreat of interference with other satellites in its path , Intelsat and otherindustry officials said .
In what industry officials called anunprecedented event , Intelsat ?s Galaxy 15 communications satellite has remainedfully ? on , ? with its C - band telecommunications payload still functioning evenas it has left its assigned orbital slot of 133 degrees west longitude 36,000 kilometers over the equator .
Galaxy 15 stopped responding to groundcontrollers on April 5 .
The satellite 's manufacturer , Orbital Sciences Corp. of Virginia , has said an intensesolar storm in early April may be to blame .
It was launched into space in2005 .
The first satellite likely to face signalinterference problems from the adrift Galaxy 15 is the AMC - 11 C - band satelliteowned by SES of Luxembourg and stationed at 131 degrees west , just two degreesaway from Galaxy 15 ?s starting position .
Rob Bednarek , chief executive of the SESWorld Skies division , which operates AMC - 11 , said Intelsat and SES have beenmeeting since April 5 to coordinate how to minimize the Galaxy 15 impact on AMC - 11 ? smedia customers .
[ Spotsatellites from Earth . ]
Adrift in space
In an interview Friday , Bednarek said thatwhile it remains unclear whether SES World Skies will be able to avoid a signalinterference problem as Galaxy 15 enters the AMC - 11 orbital territory , thecompany has benefited from full disclosure on the part of Intelsat , SES ? sbiggest competitor .
? The cooperation with them really has beenvery good , ?
Bednarek said .
?
We all realize that we could be in the sameposition tomorrow .
We are neighbors in space .?
Alan Young , chief technology officer at SESWorld Skies , said the company ? s best estimate is that Galaxy 15 will enterAMC - 11?s neighborhood ?
meaning one - half of one degree distant ?
May 23 .
Itwill continue traveling at its own pace through the AMC - 11 slot , exiting on theeast around June 7 .
Young said the period of May 31 to June 1 isgoing to be the riskiest time for AMC - 11 customers as SES World Skies seeks tomaneuver AMC - 11 to the maximum extent possible out of the Galaxy 15 track whileat the same time maintaining links with the company ?s AMC - 11 customers .
Tobias Nassif , Intelsat ?s vice president forsatellite operations and engineering , said Friday that the company , in concertwith Galaxy 15 manufacturer Orbital Sciences Corp. of Dulles , Va. , has sentbetween 150,000 and 200,000 commands to the satellite in the nearly four weekssince the satellite stopped sending or responding to commands .
These communication attempts , the equivalentof mild wake - up calls to return Galaxy 15 to service , have had no effect .
As itmoved all Galaxy 15 customers onto Galaxy 12 , which was pulled into servicefrom another orbital location , Intelsat at first focused on recovering Galaxy15 to regular service .
Zombie satellites in space
On May 3 , Intelsat will play what as of Fridayappeared to be its last card by blasting Galaxy 15 with a more powerful signalintended not to salvagethe satellite , but to force it into a complete shutdown .
That attempt will last about 30 minutes .
Itwill not be repeated , both because a second attempt is viewed as unnecessary ?
the treatment works or it does not ?
and because sending out powerful radiofrequency signals carries the risk of interfering with other satellites in thearea .
Even if the May 3 action succeeds , Galaxy 15 will remain a problem as it continues to wander the geostationary arc .
But itis a problem that satellite operators know how to deal with .
Industry expertssay there are several dozen spacecraft , sometimes called ?
zombiesats , ? that forvarious reasons were not removed from the geostationary highway before failingcompletely .
Depending on their position at the time offailure , these satellites tend to migrate toward one of two libration points , at 105 degrees west and 75 degrees east .
Figures compiled by XL Insurance ofNew York , an underwriter of space risks , say that more than 160 satellites aregathered at these two points , which Bednarek described as the orbitalequivalent of valleys .
? Unfortunately for us , we were downhill fromGalaxy 15 as it rolls toward ?
the 105 degrees west libration point , Bednareksaid .
Satellite signal stealer
Satellites like Galaxy 15 and AMC - 11 areso - called ? bent - pipe ?
designs that receive signals from the ground , amplifythem on board and redistribute them to customers ?
ground antennas .
Emptied ofits customers ?
except one , the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration , whichuses an L - band payload on Galaxy 15 to guide aircraft landings ?
Galaxy 15 isno longer broadcasting .
But its electronics payload is ready to capture andrebroadcast signals it receives that are intended for other spacecraft .
Young said that both SES and Intelsat arefortunate in this case because their two satellites ?
customers are mainly mediacompanies using fairly large antennas to communicate with the satellites .
During the period of maximum danger for AMC - 11 , SES expects to be able toreroute customer signals to SES - operated teleports with still - larger antennasto maintain communications links .
Nassif said Intelsat and Orbital Scienceshave solicited outside opinions from other satellite manufacturers on possiblemaneuvers that might return Galaxy 15 to control or force it to shut down .
? The fact is that this is the first majoranomaly on an Orbital - built satellite , ?
Nassif said .
?
Other manufacturers havebeen through problems and might have something to suggest to us .?
Because nothing like this has happenedbefore , Intelsat remains uncertain as to when Galaxy 15 , as its Earth sensorrealizes it is no longer in the desired position , might lose its Earth - pointingcapability .
That would lead to its solar arrays losing their lock on the sun .
Within hours , the satellite ?s batteries would discharge and the spacecraftwould shut down on its own .
While cautioning that the company is revisingits most - likely - scenario thinking almost on a daily basis as it gets input fromOrbital Sciences and others , Nassif said the current estimate is that Galaxy 15 will lose Earth pointing by late July or early August .
As luck would have it , that timetable wouldmean the only other satellites in Galaxy 15?s C - band frequency that faceinterference issues are owned by Intelsat .
After it leaves the vicinity of AMC - 11 , Galaxy 15 is expected to approach Intelsat ?s Galaxy 13 satellite , at 127degrees west , around July 13 .
On July 30 , it will enter into the Galaxy 14satellite ?s orbital territory at 125 degrees west before heading toward Galaxy18 at 123 degrees in mid-August .
? We are in regular contact with all ourcustomers of these satellites to keep them apprised of the situation , ?
Nassifsaid .
There are two problems with Al Gore .
First , he 's a demagogue who lacks an appreciation for the ethics and methods of science .
Second , he 's a not a scientist , but a celebrity and politician who does not understand the technical aspects of science .
Put succinctly , the man simply does n't know what he 's talking about .
But Gore is now advising the world on complex technical issues related to energy and climate .
That 's a problem for the human race .
As described in my book , Science and Technology in World History , Vol. 1 , what we know as modern science began in ancient Greece in the 6th century B.C.
The Greek philosophers embraced intellectual freedom , open discussion , and critical analysis .
Pupils were not only allowed to question and criticize their teachers , but they were encouraged to do so .
Debate was elevated by Plato and his students to the science of dialectic .
In the Platonic Dialogue Timaeus , it is noted that anyone who can present a better plan " shall carry off the palm , not as an enemy , but as a friend . "
But Al Gore refuses to debate his critics .
He has repeatedly dodged a debate with Christopher Monckton .
Instead of engaging skeptics in reasoned discussions , Gore has relentlessly demonized those who disagree with him .
In a series of infamous character assassinations , he has stated that people who are skeptical of the hysterical global warming scenario he has been promoting ( and profiting from ) are comparable to the lunatic fringe who believe that the Apollo Moon landings were filmed on a movie stage .
He has also compared global warming skeptics to people who believe that the Earth is flat .
Scientific issues like climate change are not morality plays .
Scientists are objective and tentative .
To be a scientist is to be skeptical .
Science is never " settled " because there can be no finality in any empirical system of knowledge .
Only God has all the data .
Scientists employ multiple working hypotheses .
They work together cooperatively , eager to have their mistakes pointed out to them , so as to advance a disinterested search for truth .
One of the finest examples of this ethic is found in a letter written by Robert Hooke to Isaac Newton on January 20 , 1676 .
Hooke told Newton , " I have a mind very desirous of and very ready to embrace any truth that shall be discovered though it may much thwart and contradict any opinions or notions I have formerly embraced . "
Why was Hooke eager to have his errors pointed out ?
Because , he explained , " my aim is the discovery of truth , " therefore " I can endure to hear objections . "
But Al Gore can endure no objections .
His aim is not to find truth , but to tendentiously assemble and present information so as to mislead .
An example of Gore 's dissembling is found in the film An Inconvenient Truth .
One of the most memorable scenes in An Inconvenient Truth is the unveiling of a startling graph that shows a strong correlation between carbon dioxide and temperature over the last several hundred thousand years .
Gore then states that " when there 's more carbon dioxide , the temperature gets warmer . "
Because the concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is now relatively high , the audience is led to believe that a drastic rise in global temperature is imminent .
But carbon dioxide does not determine temperature in the way that Gore suggests .
On the contrary , temperature controls carbon dioxide by modulating its release and absorption from the oceans .
The temperature changes found in the ice core data cannot be caused by carbon dioxide changes , because the increases in atmospheric temperature precede increases in carbon dioxide by several hundred years .
The Earth 's oceans contain more than fifty times the amount of carbon in the atmosphere .
Carbon dioxide is more soluble in cold water .
As the oceans warm , they release carbon dioxide to the atmosphere .
When the oceans cool , they absorb more carbon dioxide from the atmosphere .
The science is no more complex than noting that a warm coke has more fizz than a cold one .
Temperature controls carbon dioxide , not the other way around .
A film like An Inconvenient Truth is carefully scripted and checked for errors .
Al Gore can be made to appear as if he knows the science .
But a recent television interview [ video ] was more revealing .
Promoting geothermal energy , Gore said that the temperature in the interior of the Earth is " several million degrees . "
But it is n't .
It 's not even close .
Since people first started lowering thermometers into boreholes in the nineteenth century , we have known that the temperature of the Earth 's core is no more than several thousand degrees Celsius .
The temperature at the inner - outer core boundary is constrained by a phase transition to be in the neighborhood of 6,000°C .
More to the point , the temperature of near - surface rocks in geothermal areas is typically hundreds of °C .
At temperatures exceeding 1,000 °C in the Earth 's crust , rock begins to melt .
So Gore was wrong by at least a factor of a thousand , or by one hundred thousand percent .
Gore 's blithe and erroneous characterization of the Earth 's internal temperature was not an insignificant slip of the tongue .
Widespread development of geothermal energy is not feasible precisely because Earth 's internal temperatures are not as high as Gore believes .
That is why the practical exploitation of geothermal energy is limited to areas like Iceland , a country that virtually sits on top of a volcano .
After declaring that temperatures inside the Earth are " several million degrees , " Gore claimed that we have " new drill bits that do n't melt in that heat . "
How can anyone be so remarkably ignorant as to think we have metallurgical techniques capable of producing drill bits that do n't melt in temperatures of " several million degrees " ?
Gore then made the stunning assertion that geothermal resources in the U.S. alone are so enormous that they could meet our entire energy needs for 35,000 years .
Is it not remarkable that we ignore such a vast , unexploited source of energy ?
Is it not astonishing that generations of scientists and engineers have failed to recognize the potential for withdrawing virtually limitless amounts of free energy from the Earth ?
If the promise of geothermal energy sounds too good to be true , the reason is that it 's not true .
The United States gets less than one percent of its energy from geothermal sources .
Extracting geothermal energy is inherently an inefficient process because you have to work against the Second Law of Thermodynamics .
It 's easy to turn mechanical energy into heat , but difficult to efficiently reverse the process .
Geothermal energy production is limited to exceptional areas like Iceland precisely because the high temperatures necessary are found only in a very few locations .
Al Gore may not know what he 's talking about , but he 's not alone .
The world is full of ignorant people .
As a college professor , I interact constantly with students , many of whom are very concerned with global warming .
But in my interactions I have invariably found that the more science a student knows , the more skeptical he is of the standard global warming alarmist scenario .
Students majoring in engineering or physics have some appreciation for the scientific method and the uncertainties involved in understanding and predicting climate change .
Unlike Gore , they also understand that the ability to develop alternative energy sources is limited by the laws of physics and chemistry , not political willpower .
Students who buy into global warming alarmism are almost always from non-technical majors such as journalism .
They can't think quantitatively , critically , or analytically .
They have beliefs , but no interest in or appreciation for facts .
Accordingly , they are almost completely ignorant of any relevant facts .
Their minds are immature and their thought processes undisciplined .
They do n't understand the difference between fact and opinion .
One student recently told me that we have to stop using oil because global warming is caused by the heat given off by the combustion of fossil fuels .
Human beings must acquire some education and knowledge before they can begin to develop an appreciation for the extent of their own ignorance .
But these global warming alarmists know nothing , and therefore believe that they understand everything .
If I have been too hard on Mr. Gore , I ought to close by noting that ignorance is the normal human condition , intelligence the exception .
Al Gore is not the only person who does n't understand science .
U.S. President Barack Obama takes advice from Gore .
And a group of Norwegian politicians recently distinguished themselves by awarding Nobel Prizes to both Gore and Obama .
As Nobel Prize recipients , Gore and Obama have joined an elite group that includes Portuguese physician Egas Moniz .
In 1949 , Moniz was awarded the Nobel Prize for medicine for devising an innovative procedure known as the frontal lobotomy .
It seems fitting that Gore and Obama are grouped with Moniz , since their apparent goal is to lobotomize human civilization .
The Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum is imposing a temporary ban on raves , a decision made less than 24 hours after a 15 - year - old girl died of a suspected drug overdose after attending the Electric Daisy Carnival over the weekend .
After receiving a request from Los Angeles County Supervisor Zev Yaroslavsky for a rave moratorium , Coliseum Commission President Barry A. Sanders said he was instructing Coliseum managers not to enter into any new agreements with rave producers until the commissioners can meet in a special session scheduled for July 16 .
Commissioners will review all criteria required for organizers using the venue .
Although Yaroslavsky proposed a temporary ban on all raves , including any that are currently scheduled , Sanders was less specific , saying he would endorse a moratorium on the Coliseum “ entering into any contractual arrangements with persons or entities promoting raves . ”
It was not immediately clear whether the Love Festival , marketed as “ America ’s longest - running dance music festival , ” would continue to go on as planned .
It is scheduled for Aug. 21 at the Los Angeles Sports Arena , which is next to the Coliseum .
The Love Festival is being produced by Go Ventures , which co-produced a New Year ’s Eve rave at the Sports Arena in which 18 people were transported to emergency rooms after taking Ecstasy .
No raves are scheduled between now and the commission 's meeting date .
A rave is a dance party with electronic music .
The Coliseum and Sports Arena are on state land and are run under the authority of a joint commission of the city and county of Los Angeles and the state .
A product promoted to parents of children with autism is not a harmless dietary supplement , as claimed , but a toxic unapproved drug that lacks adequate warnings about potential side effects , including hair loss and abnormalities of the pancreas , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration has warned in a letter to its maker .
The FDA 's June 17 letter to Boyd Haley , a retired Kentucky chemist and hero to the autism recovery movement , details five violations of the Federal Food , Drug and Cosmetic Act related to his product , OSR # 1 .
Failing to correct such violations can result in fines , seizure of products and even criminal prosecution .
The Tribune in January reported that the compound , sold as OSR # 1 , had been developed to treat mining wastewater , and that it had not undergone rigorous testing to ensure it is safe and effective .
The report was part of an investigation into unproven autism therapies offered by health providers who say they can reverse the disorder .
Haley did not reply to repeated requests for an interview Wednesday .
An FDA spokeswoman said the agency has not received any communication from Haley , who has 15 working days from the date of the letter to respond .
Last year , Haley told the Tribune : " I am not breaking any law . …
We are being very , very careful . "
The Web site for Haley 's company , Lexington , Ky. - based CTI Science , on Wednesday was still promoting OSR # 1 as " a toxicity free , lipid soluble antioxidant dietary supplement , " and a reporter was able to order 30 100 - milligram capsules of OSR # 1 for $ 60 through an online pharmacy .
In the interview last year , Haley called the product " a food " that is " totally without toxicity . "
Haley said the compound had been tested on rats , and a food safety study was conducted on 10 people .
Asked to provide documentation of the research , he stopped communicating with the Tribune .
The FDA letter lists side effects recorded during Haley 's animal studies : " soiling of the anogenital area , alopecia ( hair loss ) on the lower trunk , back and legs , a dark substance on lower trunk and anogenital area , abnormalities of the pancreas " and a rapid increase in normal cells contained in the lymph nodes .
" It would be hard to imagine anything worse , " said Ellen Silbergeld , an expert in environmental health who is studying mercury and autism at Johns Hopkins University 's Bloomberg School of Public Health .
" An industrial chemical known to be toxic — his own incomplete testing indicates it is toxic .
It has no record of any therapeutic aspect of it , and it is being marketed for use in children . "
OSR #1 has been promoted on autism Web sites including Age of Autism , where Managing Editor Kim Stagliano wrote of sprinkling the white powder on her three daughters ' breakfast sandwiches and orange juice .
" We 've seen some nice ' Wows ! ' from OSR , " she wrote .
In an e-mail , Stagliano wrote that she continues to support Haley , a regular speaker at autism recovery conferences .
" Having met Dr. Haley at conferences , including Autism One in Chicago last month , I continue to trust his science , " she wrote on Wednesday .
" I 'm sure CTI Science will address the letter appropriately . "
Pharmacologist Dr. Arthur Grollman , director of the Laboratory for Chemical Biology at State University of New York at Stony Brook , said it is clear from the product 's chemical structure that it is a " powerful chelator , " a compound that binds to heavy metals such as mercury .
The FDA has approved several chelators as drugs to treat heavy - metal poisoning .
Some doctors also use the drugs — which carry significant risks — to treat children with autism on the scientifically unfounded idea that their disorder is linked to toxic metals .
The chemical being sold as OSR # 1 is part of a family of chelators originally developed for industrial purposes , according to a U.S. patent issued in 2003 and assigned to the University of Kentucky Research Foundation .
The magazine Medical Veritas in 2006 reported that Haley said he was interested in developing better chelators for people .
" We 've made compounds that ... work tremendously " in a test tube , he was quoted as saying .
" However , we 've got to show that they 're not toxic .
That costs a lot of money and it's very difficult to do , you have to have the right facilities .
That 's where we 're hung up right now , the question is , ' How do we get somebody to do these studies ? ' "
In January 2008 , Haley changed the name of his company from Chelator Technologies Inc. to CTI Science Inc. , records show .
Less than a month later , he notified the FDA he would be introducing the compound as a new dietary ingredient , a designation rejected by the FDA in its recent letter .
" Because OSR # 1 does not bear or contain a dietary ingredient as defined ( by the food and drug act ) , this product does not qualify as a dietary supplement , " the letter states .
Instead , according to the letter , it is a new drug .
Winning FDA approval requires proof of safety and efficacy through clinical trials , a process that can cost hundreds of millions of dollars and take many years .
" Anything might be a cure for anything else , but the odds are it will do nothing and it might very well be toxic , " said Richard Mailman , a neuropharmacologist at Penn State University .
" That is why drug discovery and development is so expensive . "
Silbergeld said the product represents a clear example of endangerment of public health and that the FDA should stop CTI Science from selling it immediately .
She drew a comparison to a city 's drinking water system :
If contamination is found , she said , " they turn off the pumps . "
" They do n't have to engage in a long discussion with you , " Silbergeld said .
" It would be hard to imagine a more clear example of immediate endangerment of public health .
Turn off the pump . "
ttsouderos@tribune.com
A Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) probe concluded this week it has found no evidence that the embattled Association of Community Organizations for Reform ( ACORN ) or related organizations , mishandled the $ 40 million in federal money they received in recent years .
Long targeted for its grass roots organizing on behalf of the low - income working poor , ACORN disbanded as a national organization earlier this year following months of legal and financial difficulty .
Nearly two - dozen members of Congress requested an investigation after a series of complaints against ACORN and its affiliates .
Such complaints included an accounting scandal , cases of voter registration fraud and the release of a video made by right - wing activists that appear to implicate ACORN workers in facilitating prostitution .
Conservative right - wing activists and talk radio hosts including Republicans in Congress orchestrated a campaign to defame the group and persistently attacked ACORN ’s success , critics charge .
In the fall of 2009 Congress bowed to the politically motivated smear campaign and voted to bar federal funds from reaching ACORN , its affiliated organizations and allies without a fair investigation and trail , critics add .
In November 2009 , the Center for Constitutional Rights ( CCR ) filed a federal lawsuit challenging Congress ’ actions .
A federal judge sided with CCR in March ordering the U.S. government and several federal agencies to rescind orders cutting off funds to ACORN and its affiliates .
However the federal government has appealed and CCR says it will head to court next week to demand that ACORN receive the funds they are due .
Bill Quigley , legal director for CCR argues the right , as part of a conspiracy to silence the left , has targeted ACORN and groups like it .
Such right wing campaigns jeopardizes the rights of the poor and the working class , he wrote recently in the Huffington Post .
“ ACORN must continue to receive federal funding in order to advocate for poor , working - class people across the nation to ensure their rights to affordable housing , a healthy environment , and to a living wage , ” writes Quigley .
Without this critical funding , ACORN , its affiliated organizations , and working people and the families they serve will continue to be devastated , he notes .
Congress defunded ACORN and in doing so , “ Congress has effectively acted against the rights of the poor , and working class people of this country , ” says Quigley .
ACORN was known as the nation ’s largest and most successful community organization of low and moderate - income families , with more than 500,000 members from over 1,000 neighborhood chapters in 75 cities nationwide .
Since 1970 , ACORN built a powerful network of community organizations committed to social and economic justice and has won thousands of victories in defense of its members .
Supporters say ACORN revolutionized the field of community organizing by creating a multi-racial organization that could wage battles at the local , state , and national levels .
ACORN community organizers fought for jobs , veterans benefits , fair utility prices , better schools , parks , fair housing , health care , police protection and much more .
ACORN leaders led successful campaigns that targeted the big banks , insurance companies , utility companies , and other corporate power brokers .
Major legislative battles were won due to ACORN ’s deep roots in the community that empowered working families , especially African Americans , Latinos and other minorities .
ACORN warned policymakers about the dangers of predatory lending and the possible foreclosure epidemic years before it became a major crisis , supporters say .
The group built a powerful coalition of unions , faith groups , elected officials , and community residents .
Critics say soon after President Obama took office , ACORN became the target of a right - wing assault that it was unprepared for and , ultimately , unable to survive .
Its downfall was engineered in part by Karl Rove , George W. Bush ’s top political advisor , who saw ACORN ’s large - scale voter registration efforts in 2008 as a real threat to GOP candidates .
Today offspring activists of ACORN continue to be involved and active in more than a dozen states and many of its former leaders and staff are building new progressive community organizing groups to carry on the groups historic work .
A new book by John Atlas called “ Seeds of Change : The Story of ACORN , America ’s Most Controversial Antipoverty Community Organizing Group , ” has recently been published detailing the groups rise and fall .
Photo : Tim Wheeler
Remove the laces and any inserts from the shoes .
Throw the laces in with a load of laundry , and then let them air - dry .
Mix up a solution of mild soap and water ( dishwashing soap or Ivory soap flakes work well ) .
If the shoes are very heavily soiled , you might want to buy a cleaner specifically designed for athletic shoes instead .
Check the bottle 's label to make sure it is appropriate for all the materials -- whether nylon , leather , vinyl , canvas or rubber - - your shoes are made of .
With a soft - bristle brush and the soapy water or shoe cleaner , clean the inserts and the shoes , inside and out .
Then use clean water to rinse the shoes and the inserts well with clean water .
Wipe off the excess moisture with paper towels .
With paper towels , stuff the shoes to soak up moisture and preserve their shape .
Place the shoes and the inserts on a waterproof surface in a well - ventilated room to dry , replacing the paper towels if necessary as they become soaked through .
Put the laces and the inserts back into the shoes once all the parts are completely dry .
Sprinkle a bit of baking soda inside the shoes to keep them smelling fresh .
Allowing your shoes to dry out thoroughly between wearings will lengthen their life considerably .
Is it WWE ?
Nope , it 's Slash , who refuses to go down for the count
Slash was attacked on stage during his concert at the PalaSharp Arena in Milan , Italy last night in a manner that was eerily similar to Noel Gallagher 's onstage assault two years ago in Canada .
As you can see in the video below , during the solo in Sweet Child O' Mine , an unknown assailant rushed the guitar icon from behind ( it starts around the 1:15 mark ) and knocked him down onto his monitor .
One of the band 's security guards was in hot pursuit , however , and tackled the culprit - the two plunged into the pit below .
Miraculously , Slash barely missed a beat , jumping right back up to resume playing ( he did n't even lose his top hat ! ) .
But after a few bars of soloing , it became clear that some real damage had been done to his Les Paul - Slash handed it to his guitar tech who soon replaced it with a working model .
Proving that
It takes more than one bad apple to keep him down , literally and figuratively , Slash later commented on the incident on his Facebook page : " It was a rowdy crowd for sure - but amazing .
The guy who nailed me did n't take me down but he busted my poor guitar .
Ah well … it was a kick - ass rock show . "
Less forgiving was Slash 's wife , Perla , who fired off the following Tweet : " The guy came down from the rafters n ran up to slash n grabbed him during his sweet child of mine soLo .
Broke the head on the guitar , junior grabbed the asshole n they bth fell to the floor .
Junior hit his head hard and the milan security did nothing !
Kicked him out but did , t arrest him I love italy !
But fuck those security n promoters for doing nothing !
Slash could have seriously and junior did .
Its not right !
What r they there for ?
As decoration ?
No they r there to protect the people n the artists .
Its not right " .
Slash plays the Download Festival tonight .
No doubt security will be on high alert .
Sparpaket - Protest Polizisten bei Großdemo schwer verletzt
Zehntausende Menschen haben gegen das schwarz - gelbe Sparpaket demonstriert .
In Berlin wurden Polizisten mit Böllern , Flaschen und Steinen beworfen - und zwei von ihnen schwer verletzt , als ein Wurfgeschoss explodierte .
Sie mussten im Krankenhaus operiert werden .
The Why , What , and How of Rubinius 1.0′s Release
By Peter Cooper
Rubinius or GitHub repo , an alternative Ruby implementation that 's built in Ruby itself - as much as possible , has this last weekend hit the coding equivalent of a Bar Mitzvah .. its 1.0 release !
Congratulations to the Rubinius team , past and present , and everyone who has helped with its release - I did n't know if you were going to make it for a moment there ..
The Why : The History
Back in 2006 , Geoffrey Grosenbach ( of PeepCode ) claimed to have made a bet by donating $ 1,000 to the then - new Rubinius Ruby implementation project founded by Evan Phoenix .
It seemed more like an act of charity at the time , but Geoffrey had the last laugh in securing the naming rights to Rubinius 1.0 , also known as Fabius .
Rubinius ' goal was inspired by LISP and Smalltalk compilers / interpreters where all ( or as much as practically possible ) of the implementation was written in the language it aimed to support .
The benefits of this are clear ; you would n't need to be a wizened - old C guru to make significant improvements or changes to the interpreter .. you could just write Ruby .
By the end of 2007 , and thanks to a lot of help from Engine Yard , there were 5 full - time staff " solely " working on Rubinius and progress was thick and fast , with Rubinius becoming only the third Ruby implementation to run Rails in May 2008 .
In November 2008 , disaster struck .
Not only was the world plunged into a financial crisis , but Evan had to lay off most of his Rubinius team , leaving just two in - house Rubinius developers .
The goal , now , was to get more people involved with Rubinius from the traditional open source world , donating their time for free .
Regardless , the future did n't seem particularly bright , and in May 2009 , Evan announced that " the rumors of our demise are greatly exaggerated " ( in reference to Mark Twain ) and that development was continuing ( though seemingly at a less industrious pace ) .
The What : What 's It Got ?
It 's great , then , that Rubinius has made it to the hallowed " version 1.0 . "
Evan 's a straight - up guy , and if he 's putting the 1.0 seal on it , it must be pretty good to go .
Want some bulletpoints on what it 's got ?
Works with both Rails 3.x and 2.3.5
Works with Sinatra
It has a generational garbage collector
Support for popular extensions including sqlite3 - ruby , mysql , Nokogiri , yajl - ruby ( and the obligatory " much , much more . " )
Integrated profiler
JIT compilation ( a la JRuby ) for über - performance
compilation ( a la JRuby ) for über - performance
It does n't work on Windows ( yet )
The How : Getting Rubinius 1.0 Running
Sorry to sound like a broken record but .. the best way to get Rubinius 1.0 running is to use Wayne E Seguin 's RVM ( Ruby Version Manager ) !
RVM has already been updated to support Rubinius 1.0 , so it 's very easy to get up and running if you 're on OS X or Linux ( though you need to make sure you get HEAD first ) :
# rvm update -- head .. time passes , then you close your terminal and open a new one .. # rvm install rbx .. time passes , Rubinius 1.0 gets installed .. # rvm rbx # ruby - v rubinius 1.0.0 ( 1.8.7 release 2010 - 05 - 14 JI ) [ x86_64-apple-darwin10.3.0 ]
If you prefer to live life on the wild side , you can hit up the Rubinius GitHub repository , check out the code and perform a manual install ( by following the instructions in the README ) .
If you 're interested in tinkering , rather than just trying your code on Rubinius , this is the route I 'd advise , since you can more easily dig into Rubinius 's source code and see just how it 's implemented ( or , of course , you could just browse the source on GitHub , as I tend to do ) .
I need some help here .
I have a friend with whom I ’m debating evolution .
He is a fundamentalist Christian ( wait for it ) , but he has an uncharacteristic understanding of , and respect for , science .
So he ’s an extremely intelligent guy who does n’t deny the validity of science .
In fact , he actually accepts microevolution .
He ’s familiar with the various moth studies and such , and accepts them as solid .
What he disputes is the concept of macroevolution .
For those not up on the terms , macroevolution is any evolution that occurs at or above the species level , meaning that over time the offspring species would become unable to mate with the parent species .
But Rick ’s main argument concerns less subtle differences .
He does n’t care if moth A becomes moth B , and that after many generations they wo n’t be able to procreate with each other .
He wants more than that .
He quite simple rejects the notion of all life having a common ancestor .
So here ’s the problem : his argument is that he and I both have beliefs ; I believe in macroevolution and he believes in God .
When I show him that my beliefs ( and not his ) are backed by empirical evidence , he refutes the evidence using assorted websites that dispute various parts of the findings .
After this happened for like the third time I realized something .
If I cannot explain macroevolution to him — or anyone else — that means I do n’t totally understand it myself .
And if I believe it without understanding it then it IS a belief .
So on that point he ’s absolutely correct .
All that remains is me thinking that my belief is based on more evidence than his belief , and that ’s where the evidence comes in .
Hence a never ending cycle simply because I do n’t understand the science well enough myself to articulate and defend it .
So that raises the question in the title of this post : how would YOU explain macroevolution to someone who believes in science but simply does n’t believe there is enough evidence to support it ?
Is it possible to do without learning a whole lot of biology yourself ?
The difficulty of using a qualitative measure weighs on city officials ’ minds as they prepare the outlines of a new testing contract that will go out for competitive bidding to the nation ’s testing publishers in the fall .
Cost is another key factor .
Because the city wants to keep the testing process free , the tests are administered by teachers , a much cheaper method than the psychologist - administered intelligence tests of the sort used for private schools , which cost hundreds of dollars per student .
Early testing is something else the city wants to maintain .
A number of the city ’s most treasured schools for the gifted — like Anderson , NEST +m and Lower Lab — begin in kindergarten , and the city said it did not want to tinker with those programs , which are popular with middle - class parents .
Waiting until later grades to start gifted classes and schools , city officials said , would also present a daunting logistical challenge , with children moving from school to school in the middle of their elementary years .
This despite the fact that many experts say preschool intelligence testing is less accurate than testing once school is under way , in part due to the strong impact of nurture on the early acquisition of skills .
On the other hand , the city ’s lower - than - average cut - off scores for gifted programs — the equivalent of 120 I.Q. , or the 90th national percentile , rather than the 130 I.Q. used by most gifted programs — helps ameliorate this variability , some experts said .
( The city tried using a higher standard , but amended it in 2008 after fewer students qualified , causing an outcry among parents in some districts . )
City officials said they hoped that advances in psychometrics since the last testing contract could lead to a fairer test .
And in fact , there have been advances in the last decade , particularly in two aspects of testing — new nonverbal aptitude tests , in which test examiners use pantomime instead of verbal directions to take students through the patterns and logic questions on the exam ; and in item - response theory , which determines test validity question by question , instead of for the test as a whole , testing experts said .
But even with the advances , staying with a testing - only model would be unlikely to correct for the problem of low minority representation in the gifted program , some experts said , drawing on evidence from around the country .
Currently 44 percent of children in New York City ’s gifted programs are white , compared with 15 percent in the overall school population .
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg spoke bluntly as he stood in Times Square at 2:30 a.m. last Sunday , his red bow tie and black tux testament to the haste with which he had left a White House dinner upon learning of a car bomb in Midtown Manhattan .
If anything showed that New York deserves more federal funding for security , this was it , the grim - faced Bloomberg said as lights blazed in the background from bomb experts , firefighters and police scouring the scene .
“ Homeland Security funds should come to where there is a threat , ” the mayor said after what police said was the 11th attempted terrorist strike on New York City since Sept. 11 , 2001 .
Since then , New York has spent billions of dollars on security upgrades , some visible and others undetectable to locals and the visitors who swarm its subway stations and sidewalks and wander goggle - eyed among its tourist sites .
There are bomb - sniffing dogs and police checking subway riders ’ bags .
There are signs urging people to report “ suspicious ” activities .
There are checkpoints on bridges .
There is a counter - terrorism bureau and intelligence division established by Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly , a former Marine colonel and onetime U.S. Customs Service chief .
In the wake of the 2001 terrorist attacks , Kelly made it his mission to have New York police — not Washington - based agencies — take the lead in defending the city .
Operating from precincts in New York as well as Paris ; Tel Aviv ; Amman , Jordan , and other foreign posts ; the 1,000 agents speak 50 languages , including Urdu , Pashto , Arabic and Persian .
Surveillance equipment can scrutinize anything , whether license plates or tattoos .
It is not just Sept. 11 that has inspired changes .
After the 2008 terrorist attacks in Mumbai , India , carried out by assailants firing assault rifles , some New York officers were trained in the use of similar weapons .
After the 2005 bomb attacks on the London public transport system , New York began erecting a “ ring of steel ” in Lower Manhattan , outfitting a 1.5 - square - mile area with 3,000 surveillance cameras and radiation detectors .
City and state officials are pushing Washington to provide an additional $ 24 million to expand the protective barrier to Midtown , which would include Times Square as well as Grand Central Terminal and Penn Station .
But city leaders face the problem of how to further circle the wagons without turning New York into a U.S. version of the Green Zone , the fortified enclave in Baghdad .
“ There is a balance between being so safe you ca n’t go out of your house , and enjoying freedom — freedom to come and go , and to talk and to be in charge of your own destiny , ” Bloomberg said .
As the police chief and state leaders join the chorus for more security funds , they also face alienating other states who say they need federal money in these cash - strapped , security - conscious times .
After Sept. 11 , many New York lawmakers “ were always banging our fists about the fact that the city needed more than any place else in America , ” said Michael Balboni , a former state lawmaker who has served as the governor ’s domestic security advisor .
“ But politics being what it is , if you want to get a vote on an appropriations bill , you have to get support from say , a Kansas congressman .
And why is he going to support New York City if he does n’t get some piece of the funding for his state ? ”
New York City is by far the biggest recipient of Department of Homeland Security funds .
Last year , it received more than $ 145 million of the $ 798 million allocated from the department fund to secure high - risk cities .
That was more than twice the $ 68 million given the Los Angeles / Long Beach area .
And although nobody has seriously argued that New York should not get the bulk of funds , altering the equation to give New York more would take money away from other cities and states .
“ The needs are everywhere , ” said Julia Fenwick , who oversees the requests for Homeland Security grants for Montana , which last year received $ 6.6 million .
“ We could always use more , ” she said , citing the vast unpatrolled wilderness areas and Montana ’s 500 - mile border with Canada .
Underscoring the nagging quest for money are questions about the ultimate value of high - tech gadgetry aimed at preventing attempted terrorist attacks , which even New York officials acknowledge are inevitable given the city ’s high profile .
Diverse , crowded and historically populated by minority groups with deep grievances , New York City has long been a terrorist target , according to Newsweek ’s Christopher Dickey , author of 2008 ’s “ Securing the City , ” which described how Kelly revamped the NYPD ’s anti-terrorism effort .
In 1920 , anarchists rammed a horse - drawn bomb into the J.P. Morgan building on Wall Street , killing 30 people and injuring 200 .
“ Listen , it ’s just not possible to totally prevent an attack , ” said former Los Angeles Police Chief William J. Bratton , who ran the New York department in the mid-1990s and returned to live here last year .
“ You can harden Times Square and harden Wall Street , but the next time a car with a bomb drives up to a crowd during a Yankee or Mets game , or for that matter in Boston at a Red Sox game … boom — there it all goes . ”
In a nod to Kelly , Bratton said the city is significantly safer from attack now .
The attempt to bomb Times Square last weekend at the height of the pre-theater dinner hour followed by eight months the discovery of a plot by Afghan immigrant Najibullah Zazi to carry out a suicide attack on the New York subway system .
Pakistani American Faisal Shahzad , who is suspected of parking his bomb - laden SUV in Times Square , was arrested Monday night after he had boarded a flight bound for Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
The Nissan Pathfinder was packed with 100 pounds of fertilizer , but not the explosive kind that was used in the 1995 Oklahoma City federal building bombing .
Former New York Deputy Police Commissioner John Timoney says that that fact and other apparent blunders — such as Shahzad ’s house keys being left in the SUV — should n’t diminish the fact that the suspect was bent on terrorism .
“ This guy was a professional killer , except he was incompetent , ” Timoney said .
Indeed , the whys and what - ifs linger .
What if Times Square street vendors had n’t noticed the vehicle and alerted police ?
What if customs agents had n’t spotted Shahzad ’s name on a manifest of the Dubai - bound jet after it had been added to the no-fly list ?
“ The good news is we ’re so much farther along than we were , ” Bratton said .
“ The bad news is , we still have a long way to go . ”
tina.susman@latimes.com
geraldine.baum@latimes.com
During the Dumbarton Oaks symposium on “ Designing Wildlife Habitats , ” ecologists and landscape architects also explored challenges and opportunities with wildlife habitat restoration in urban areas , and the impact of climate change .
Speakers offered more variations on the idea of ecological infrastructure , arguing that interdisciplinary design teams are needed to create these multi-use systems .
Speakers also concluded that designers and scientists must work harder to tell stories that spark the imagination of the broader public .
Otherwise , the value of biodiversity wo n’t be understood .
Nina - Marie Lister , Associate Professor of Urban and Regional Planning , Ryerson University , and Visiting Associate Professor , Harvard University Graduate School of Design , discussed the idea of “ adaptive infrastructure , ” which provides a landscape “ network stategy . ”
The idea is that landscape is infrastructure and features edges , nodes , and bridges .
Designers can use these landscape components to plan for “ complex ecological interaction . ”
Landscape networking strategies relate to connecting habitat across scales .
By building connecting habitat and building complex functions into the landscape , communities ( and wildlife ) can become more resilient to climate and other major changes .
Ecosystems are complex , diverse , resilient , and unpredictable .
“ Change is both discontinuous and gradual , ” Lister said .
Designing for biodiveristy means starting with small , “ safe - to - fail ” experimentations within larger landscapes .
Evidence - based collaborative design practices should be used to figure out what works in a network .
Lister pointed to a few urban ecological infrastructure projects , including the Spadina Quay wetlands in Toronto , Lake Ontario Park master plan ( designed by James Corner Field Operations ) , and Lower Dons master plan ( designed by Michael Van Valkenburgh & Associates ) , as well as the Evergreen Brickworks , which have all restored wetlands .
In the case of the Evergreen Brickworks project , the recreated wetland “ brought nature , culture , and community together . ”
In total , Lister said , it ’s about “ innovation and discovery , food and community , natural and cultural heritage , and gardening and greening . ”
All projects also incorporate sustainability education into the visitor ’s experience .
On using a network strategy to increase habitat connectivity , Lister pointed to innovative wildlife crossings developed in Banff , Canada , which demonstrate the idea of “ infrastructure as safe passage . ”
She showed great nightime videos of mama bears successfully leading their cubs across earth and grass passages constructed above highways , and explained : “ it takes about three years for the crossing to take off .
Animals need to know it ’s going to stay there and then they test it , eventually using it . ”
She described how there is a threshhold width needed for large animals to cross a passage .
Overpasses are also much more popular than underpasses in the animal kingdom .
Lister said climate change will only complicate habitat connectivity plans because migration patterns will change .
She also pointed to a new design competition to build a better wildlife corridor structure .
Learn more and submit an idea .
Steven Handel , Professor of Ecology , Department of Ecology , Evolution , and Natural Resources , Rutgers University , has worked on a number of innovative habitat restoration projects , including Fresh Kills Park in New York City , and the Orange County Great Park in Orange County , California .
To prevent engineering successes but environmental disasters , which is the case when landfills have been turned into dull grass - covered wastelands , designers need to work closely with ecologists to restore habitats .
However , on the flip - side , “ high art gardens ” are not restoration ecology .
Handel said he often uses the “ ecosystem services ” concept to sell the benefits of habitat restoration projects to city government officials .
Habitat restoration projects provide a range of valuable ecosystem services , including the generation and preservation of soils , cycling and movement of nutrients , partial stabilization of climate , mitigation of droughts and floods , and purification of air and water .
He thinks the sell is pretty easy : “ You do n’t have to sell public finance officials on this . ”
For Fresh Kills Park , a massive 2,000 - acre project that is restoring habitat on top of a huge landfill in Staten Island , Handel got creative .
City dirt is usually “ variable , compacted , polluted , and features a hydrophobic crust , higher soil temperatures , elevated PH levels , and restricted aeration . ”
So Handel and his team trucked in dirt from building excavation projects in Manhattan .
The dirt was still good because it has been buried deep in Manhattan for ages .
An added plus : they gave it away for free because they had to get rid of it .
For composting materials needed to regrow plant life , Handel sourced yard waste from New Jersey , which they were also happy to give away .
New York City has relatively little funding available to restore 2,000 acres of Fresh Kills so Handel also employed nature to do much of his restoration work .
Planting bushes with fleshy fruits ( beach plum , blueberry , blackberry , wildrose ) attracts birds who help spread the seeds cheaply .
Ants are also the “ landscape contractor ” of the forest floor and are critical to spreading plant diversity .
Handel also used seed trays , and clusters of plants , or “ clustering nuclei , ” to spread native plants .
But Handel offered cautious advice : “ You ca n’t get a naturalist site because you want it . ”
Nature works on its own schedule .
In the case of Orange County Great Park , a new park built out of an army air base , a 30 - feet deep canyon will be constructed and include a “ mosaic of habitats , ” which will be “ mixed - up , ” because this is the safest thing to do .
Handel said it ’s important in projects like these to determine the targets of ecological restoration .
“ What are you trying to restore ?
How far do you go back ? ”
These types of questions are critical , particularly if a city puts up $ 50,000 to restore a space , “ then everything is dead five years later .
That ’s what we ’re worried about . ”
To conclude , Handel argued that diverse habitats offer value by : supporting complex life histories ; feeding sites through time ; protecting species from predators / storms ; and enabling change through the years .
However , restoration ecology is n’t for the faint of heart .
Handel said it ’s not easy to do restoration .
“ Invasives are really hard to deal with . ”
Seed dispersal is difficult , particularly if the site is surrounded by degraded urban communities .
Unfortunately , “ we live in a fragmented world . ”
Climate change will only add additional complexity .
Kristina Hill , Associate Professor and Chair , Department of Landscape Architecture , University of Virginia , said cities throughout history have often been built on natural levees , and reside in spaces with basins and backslopes .
Early cities also featured surface drainage systems — networks of canals , which still exist in Tehran , a city of 11 - 12 million .
So , cities are n’t just “ collections of buildings , ” but are really all about diversity and gradients — “ they have a set of internal richness . ”
The ecology of the the modern urban heat island is of great interest to Hill .
Cities are always warmer than surrounding areas so they are the precursors of climate change .
“ Cities are at the edge of climate change . ”
Hill says it ’s more efficient for species migrating to escape climate change to move up in elevation as opposed to north .
“ Elevation gradients are very important . ”
Unfortunately , for many species there is n’t much room to move up anymore .
Hill argues that climate change will yield suprising changes in the distribution of species and their traits .
While some species may even benefit from climate change , they have to stay around long enough to reap those benefits .
Patches with northern aspects may act as corridors , stepping stones or “ ladder rungs ” within regional landscapes , providing a migration path for a range of species .
Basic climate change wildlife habitat adaptation strategies include : maintain existing reserves ; enlarge reserves northward ; add high - elevation corridors ; add riparian corridors , and “ reduce matrix hostility . ”
In Chicago , the are coyotes who are , in effect , trapped in the matrix .
“ Many coyotes in Illinois are disassociated from natural areas . ”
Hill showed images of coyotes showing up on subways , inside supermarket refrigerators , and other suprising places .
In New Delhi , India during a recent drought , monkeys living in urban areas survived better than ones in outlying rural areas because there was more water available in the cities .
In King County , Washington , human and crow populations have grown together because of the growth of dumpsters .
“ Animals are becoming climate change refugees .
Cities are becoming animal habitats . ”
Things could be made much easier for wildlife migrating through urban areas .
Exclosure fences and habitat corridors can help prevent roadkill .
Green roofs can be designed to support migrating birds and other wildlife .
“ Telescoping swales ” and green streets can reduce stormwater runoff so fish eggs do n’t get flushed away during rainstorms .
In Seattle , the SEA street , a model green street , helped reduce runoff by 97 percent .
High Point , an affordable housing complex also in Seattle , also uses combined green / grey infrastructure to limit runoff .
At a broader scale , London ’s thousands of household gardens are actually creating an urban ecosystem .
In Rotterdam , the Dutch are using natural sand banks , which function as habitat , to prepare coasts for climate change - driven sea level rise ( see earlier post ) .
Hill said climate change may mean we may end up focusing on traits instead of species to sustain ecosystem functions .
The ecological infrastructure systems needed to preserve species should be multi-use and designed by interdisciplinary teams to help build resiliency into urban environments .
Alex Felson , ASLA , Lecturer , School of Architecture and School of Forestry and Environmental Studies , Yale University , said forging a partnership between ecologists and landscape architects on habitat restoration is challenging because “ designers like to stay up all night , and ecologists like to get up at the crack of dawn . ”
For the past century , “ we ’ve been struggling about design and ecology . ”
As a result , integrating ecology and design into new “ designer ecosystems ” will be challenging , but also provide major opportunities .
Right now , Felson argued , “ LEED has no design aesthetic . ”
Sustainability has not settled on a design aesthetic yet .
“ The messy , complex landscape ” Yu Kongjian discussed may provide a model .
But this model then needs to be turned into a design template that can be plugged in .
“ We need working design practices , scales of application , and ecological planning . ”
Furthermore , there ’s a real challenge in conveying these ideas to the broader public : “ biodiversity is still not widely understood , or even as understood as ecosystem services . ”
To combat a public lack of understanding , we need “ narratives , stories we can tell . ”
Felson pointed out the Sustainable Sites Initiative , but argued there are no credits for wildlife biodiversity in the new sustainable landscapes rating system .
While SITES is not designed to be a wildlife biodiversity rating system , it still presents a real model for designing sustainable habitats , with restored soils , water systems , and native plants , which can then draw diverse species .
More discussion on this and other topics will definitely continue .
Add your thoughts .
This is part three in a three - part series on the “ Designing Wildlife Habitats ” symposium held at Dumbarton Oaks in Washington , D.C. Read part one , “ Designing for the Full Range of Biodiversity ” and part two , “ Restoring the Balance between People and Nature Through Wildlife Habitat Design . ”
Image credit : ASLA 2010 Award of Excellence .
Shanghai Houtan Park : Landscape as a Living System .
Shanghai , ChinaTurenscape , China and Peking University Graduate School of Landscape Architecture
Conan O'Brien 's haircut and salary apparently are n't the only things retro about the man : According to Exclaim News , the ousted Tonight Show host stopped by Jack White 's Third Man Records in Nashville Wednesday to jam some sweet oldies ( and not - so - oldies ) with The White Stripes frontman , including covers of The Stray Cats ' " Rock This Town , " Willie Nelson 's " On The Road Again , " Radiohead 's " Creep , " The Stripes ' " Seven Nation Army , " Eddie Cochran 's " Twenty Flight Rock , " and Ronnie Hawkins " Forty Days . "
The kicker , though , is O'Brien 's vague yet seemingly earnest onstage announcement that he 'll soon be immortalizing the performance on vinyl .
Cameras at the show were strictly forbidden , but below is a clip of a guitar - strapped Conan taking the stage , saying , " Tonight I 'm pressing a vinyl recording .
I 'm going back in time .
Next week I 'll be in vaudeville " — that is , after White jumps up and introduces Conan as " a rockabilly legend in the making . "
Like we said , totally retro .
a Caterpillar 5130 has some fun with a volvo
HuffPost cuts ties with BP consultant Rosen
The liberal news site Huffington Post has cut ties with its former Washington Editor at Large , Hilary Rosen , because of Rosen 's new role as a consultant for the embattled oil company British Petroleum .
Rosen , a Washington figure and former chief music industry lobbyist , now heads the Washington office of the Brunswick Group , which is part of a phalanx of lobbying and communications firms retained by BP to battle Congressional and Administrative retribution and new regulation for its massive Gulf oil spill .
" Hilary is no longer our Washington Editor at Large , a mutual decision we recently reached given her involvement with BP , " wrote Arianna Huffington in an email today , responding to a query from POLITICO .
" However , we still have a great personal relationship .
And , of course , Hilary ’s work with BP has had zero effect on our coverage of the company or the disaster in the gulf .
Comprehensive and hard - hitting , our coverage speaks for itself . "
Rosen 's shift is recent enough that her Huffington Post and Brunswick biographies still describes her as Washington Editor - at - Large .
She has not written for the site , however , since January .
Huffington
Post has covered the spill aggressively and with a sharply anti-BP tone .
Headlines this afernoon include , " Size Of The Spill STILL Being Low - Balled " and " ' BP Mole Shares The Secrets Of BP's Cleanup Ops . "
I received a set of Reddit Soaps .
They are so powerful that they leave a nice smell in my room , even in the package .
I want to used them but I do n't really want to destroy them .
Thank you SS
Premium Quality
We procure raw material from well - reputed suppliers available in the market .
Professionals make each and every fasteners accurate in shapes and sizes .
# 71 Cartoon Moms
You can't deny this law of cartoon anatomy .
See Also , eyelashes obviously make you female .
Except for Mike
Giant Friday
is licensed under a This means you are free to copy and share the comics , but not to sell them .
Click for more details
Firefox 3.6.4 provides uninterrupted browsing for Windows and Linux users when there is a crash in the Adobe Flash , Apple Quicktime or Microsoft Silverlight plugins .
If a plugin crashes or freezes , it will not affect the rest of Firefox .
You will be able to reload the page to restart the plugin and try again .
Firefox 3.6.4 also fixes the following issues found in previous versions of Firefox 3.6 :
Fixed several security issues .
Fixed several stability issues .
Please see the complete list of changes in this version .
You may also be interested in the Firefox 3.6.3 release notes for a list of changes in the previous version .
Reporters Without Borders condemns two new serious cases of detention and use of violence against Tibetan journalists and writers in the past few days .
Two magazine editors were arrested by police in Chengdu on 5 June and were mistreated all night before being released , while a writer and monk was arrested without a warrant for the second time in 13 months on 24 May in Ngaba , in eastern Tibet , and has been held ever since without being able to see his family .
“ The Chinese authorities are offering an idealised vision of a peaceful Tibet in the 2010 Shanghai World Expo but the information coming from the Tibetan areas is very different , ” Reporters Without Borders said .
“ Arrests , violence and surveillance are the common lot of those who defend Tibetan identity .
We urge Prime Minister Wen Jiabao to give clear orders for the release of all imprisoned Tibetan intellectuals . ” and , the editors of the magazines Tibet and Purgyal Kyi Namshey ( Soul of Ancient Kings ) , were circulating on foot in Chengdu on the evening of 5 June when around 15 policemen descended from two vehicles , used tear - gas on them , and then took them to a police station .
After confiscating their mobile phones , cameras , ID cards and wallets , they tied them to chairs and interrogated them .
“ The police officers used violence to interrogate us , ” the journalists said .
“ They asked us about our work and our political activities , all the while hitting us .
They also threatened us by putting guns against our heads .
When we asked what we had done wrong , they hit us even harder . ”
One of them was tortured with electrical equipment to make him confess .
“ The next day , the police checked our police records and discovered they were empty .
So they let us go , but not without threatening to arrest us again . ”
In Ngaba , writerwas arrested on 24 May in Gomang monastery , where he has been staying for the past five years .
A relative living in exile in the Indian city of Dharamsala said he was arrested because of two articles by him that have been published .
“ Dokru Tsultrim refused to give his laptop to the police but they confiscated documents they found in his room , ” the relative said .
“ Until now our family has been denied the right to see him . ”
Tsultrim is very involved in promoting literature among young Tibetans but is not a member of in any political movement , the source added .
Information about Tsultrim ’s previous arrest in 2009 : http://en.rsf.org/china-concern-that-detained-tibetan-24-04-2009,32608.html
Reporters Without Borders has also learned that the authorities plan to make the inhabitants of Lhasa show their ID in order to be able to photocopy any document .
And only permanent residents will be able to make photocopies .
This new restriction appears to be aimed at preventing the circulation of “ separatist ” documents .
At least 50 Tibetans have been arrested since March 2008 for sending information abroad : http://en.rsf.org/china-at-least-50-tibetans-convicted-for-22-03-2010,36...
The Garden of Freedoms at the Shanghai expo : http://en.rsf.org/china-expo-shanghai-freedom-garden-26-04-2010,37120.html
One of the fathers of modern acoustics and founder of speaker / microphone manufacturer Sennheiser , Prof. Dr. Fritz Sennheiser died on Monday .
He was 98 years old .
Prof. Dr. Fritz Sennheiser dies
Prof. Dr. Fritz Sennheiser ( 9 May 1912 – 17 May 2010 ) in front of the building in which he founded the company in summer 1945 .
( click on image for hi-res )
OLD LYME , Conn . – May 19 , 2010 – Late during the evening of 17 May 2010 , only a few days after his 98th birthday , Prof. Dr.- Ing .
Fritz Sennheiser , audio pioneer and founder of today 's Sennheiser electronic GmbH & Co. KG , passed away .
The audio industry has lost a huge figure , not only in terms of his technical expertise but also in terms of his humanity .
Through his company Prof. Dr. Fritz Sennheiser had a crucial influence on the development of sound transmission technologies and was instrumental in forging many ground - breaking developments in electroacoustics and transmission technologies .
Under his guidance the first shotgun microphones and open headphones were created and he oversaw important developments in wireless radio and infra-red transmission .
It was completely natural for Fritz Sennheiser to give his developers the " creative and technical freedom " they required .
His humanity also shone through when – considering the significant workload involved in running an expanding company – he took time to share his knowledge with students , inspiring them with an enthusiasm for audio technology .
In 1982 he retired from the management of the company , handing over to his son , Prof. Dr. sc. techn .
Jörg Sennheiser .
Fritz Sennheiser continued to take a vivid interest in the company he founded in summer 1945 .
His enthusiasm for audio technology , his creative curiosity , coupled with a modesty that is all too rare these days , his self - discipline , sincerity and generosity in his dealings with people , will remain an example to follow for all those who knew him .
The Taliban overran a Frontier Corps outpost during an assault today in the Arakzai tribal agency .
The attack took place just seven days after the top Pakistani military commander declared an end to military operations in Arakzai .
A heavily armed Taliban force overran the Frontier Corps checkpoint in the village of Karonchi , killing six Frontier Corps troops and wounding eight more , according to AFP .
The Pakistani military conducted a counterattack and claims to have killed 30 Taliban fighters during artillery barrages .
On June 1 , the Pakistani Army declared that the operation in Arakzai , which began on March 21 , was finished and that the Taliban have been cleared from the region .
“ COAS ’ [ Chief of Army Staff ] visit to Arakzai Agency marks the successful conclusion of operations in the Agency , ” a June 1 press release at the Inter - Services Public Relations website stated .
“ Return of IDPs [ internally displaced persons ] is excepted to start shortly .
He appreciated the professional conduct of the operation which has cleared the Agency of terrorists . ”
Local officials in Arakzai said that half of the agency is still under Taliban control despite the military ’s announcement that the operation was over .
The military had claimed that 1,118 Taliban fighters were killed between March 21 and June 1 , according to reports in the Pakistani press compiled by The Long War Journal .
But US military and intelligence officials contacted by The Long War Journal have said the Pakistani military has exaggerated Taliban casualties and mixed civilian casualties in with those numbers .
The Pakistani military over - relies on airstrikes and artillery to fight the Taliban , and Taliban casualties are often not confirmed by ground forces or local reporters , who are barred from the region .
Despite the military ’s June 1 declaration of victory in Arakzai , the military has reported engagements with the Taliban daily .
The military has claimed that 143 Taliban fighters have been killed in Arakzai since June 1 , according to reports in the Pakistani press compiled by The Long War Journal .
The Pakistani military has targeted the Taliban in Arakzai , Khyber , and South Waziristan over the past several months , and has claimed to have defeated the Taliban during operations in Swat , Bajaur , and Mohmand over the past year .
But the Taliban still control large swaths of territory in these tribal agencies , while al Qaeda and allied groups maintains safe havens in these agencies as well as in North Waziristan .
The Pakistanis have rebuffed US pressure to target the Taliban and al Qaeda bases in North Waziristan .
Some of the most deadly Taliban groups operate from Arakzai , and many of the suicide and military attacks carried out in Pakistan have originated from this tribal agency [ see list ] .
The Taliban terror alliance in Arakzai has taken credit for some of the most lethal terror attacks inside Pakistan , including suicide attacks in Islamabad and terror - military assaults in Lahore and Peshawar .
These groups often cooperate in attacks , and leaders and members may be affiliated with several groups .
Hakeemullah Mehsud , the currently leader of the Movement of the Taliban in Pakistan , rose through the Taliban ranks to lead the group in Arakzai .
Bill Roggio is a Senior Fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies and the Editor of FDD 's Long War Journal .
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD 's Long War Journal ?
Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years ?
Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one - time or monthly donation .
Thanks for reading !
You can make a tax - deductible donation here .
Rand Paul was 1 when Congress enacted the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .
Now 47 , he is the Republican nominee for U.S. Senate from Kentucky , his first ever foray into politics .
To his evident surprise , the hypothetical question of how he would have voted in 1964 has been drawing a lot of attention .
Politico's Ben Smith characterizes as " evasive " this response Paul gave when asked the question by National Public Radio ( we 've corrected Smith 's transcription errors ) :
In ...
The OECD this week released an update to its much - watched set of broadband metrics .
The data set now extends through December 2009 , and the US continues to look anemic on most OECD measures .
How about price ?
The US comes in 19th when measured on " cost per Mbps . "
The OECD numbers use Purchasing Power Parity to ensure that the dollar amounts are comparable between countries , and US broadband turns out to cost $ 8 for each advertised Mbps of service .
In Korea , it 's $ 1.76 .
The UK , not known for fast speeds , but having decent competition thanks to line - sharing rules , is $ 1.98 .
Japan is $ 2.33
Average price per Mbps , in US dollars , PPP ( Source : OECD )
Measuring broadband penetration remains tricky ( and controversial ) .
The OECD measures the total number of wireline broadband connections per each 100 residents of a country .
By that metric , the US remains stuck at 15th position .
This metric does n't take into effect the larger size of each US household , nor does it say anything about the effects of population density .
In addition , the US as a single huge country gets compared to much smaller countries like Japan and the UK , while companies like Verizon argue that the better metric is to compare the entire US to the entire EU .
When this is done , the US does n't look so bad .
Broadband penetration per 100 people ( Source : OECD )
To address some of the population density questions , the OECD also produces a chart of broadband penetration overlaid with a population density line .
The chart confirms the low density of the US , though five countries with even lower densities still remain ahead of us .
Broadband penetration overlaid with population density ( Source : OECD )
However , when it comes to monthly bit caps , the US comes out on top ; most ISPs still do n't implement hard caps .
Pity the poor Internet surfers in New Zealand , Canada , and Australia , almost all of whom suffer under strict data caps .
While New Zealand and Australia have geographic reasons for these limits — the interest in international , English - language content and the need for expensive undersea cable to access that data — the reason for Canada 's " cap madness " remains unclear when US ISPs continue to make money with more liberal regimes .
Across the state and across party lines , California voters on Tuesday rejected overheated “ tough on crime ” rhetoric choosing instead candidates with a more balanced approach to public safety and promises to efficiently use public funds in a time of dwindling dollars .
“ It ’s not like we live on Devil ’s Island , ” said Judge Paul Zellerbach who vowed to review all pending death penalty cases in Riverside County after his win over incumbent District Attorney Rod Pachecho .
During the campaign Pacheco referred to his opponent as “ Judge Marshmallow ” for being “ soft on crime ” and frequently touted plans to “ speed up ” the death penalty and his hard line approach to prosecutions .
But voters seem to have been swayed more by Zellerbach ’s criticism of Pacheco ’s inflated office budget , overzealous prosecutions leading to low conviction rates at trial , and the reported climate of fear and intimidation in the D.A. ’s office .
Tough on crime talk also fell flat for Chris Kelley in the Democratic primary for Attorney General .
Voters opted for District Attorney Kamala Harris even after Kelley bought and used the search term “ death penalty ” on Google for several months , and despite his series of attack ads criticizing Harris for her rejection of the death penalty as costly and ineffective and her stance in favor of permanent imprisonment .
On the Republican side , Senator Tom Harman showcased bills to “ speed up ” and “ fix ” California ’s death penalty as centerpieces in his campaign for state Attorney General , and labeled District Attorney Steve Cooley a “ liberal ” for his belief that California ’s Three Strikes Law should be limited to those with a history of violent or serious crimes .
Still , Republican voters soundly rejected Harman in favor of Cooley .
Across California , over half of District Attorney incumbents in contested counties were either ousted or must face a runoff in the fall , signaling that voters may be tired of “ rhetoric as usual ” when it comes to criminal justice policy .
In Santa Barbara , voters chose Joyce Dudley , a long - time prosecutor who ran the county ’s Head Start Program before law school .
Her campaign included messages about being “ smarter about how we use our resources to both prosecute criminals and protect our county . ”
Jill Ravitch prevailed in Sonoma with talk that balanced prosecution with rehabilitation and prevention , and after telling voters she supports reform of the Three Strikes Law .
Smart on crime messages may not be novel but their effectiveness in Tuesday ’s elections seems to signal an important shift in California ’s prosecutorial landscape .
For years , presenting oneself as a hammer battering crime was a requirement .
This time around , a hard - line stance alone without a plan for effective and budget - conscious enforcement is the new electoral kiss of death .
Californians are weary of budget cuts to valued social services and cautious about wasteful spending on ineffective or lower priority criminal justice policies , like the $ 1 billion over the next five years that will be poured into death penalty spending .
Senator Harmon ’s YouTube video titled “ Steve Cooley is a Loser ” may have had some traction in times of plenty ; now it appears voters want less tough guy talk and more smart choices on economically viable public safety programs .
Natasha Minsker
Natasha Minsker is the death penalty policy director of the ACLU of Northern California .
The People ’s Budget Fix is supported by Drug Policy Alliance , the Ella Baker Center for Human Rights , Families Amend California ’s Three Strikes , and the ACLU California affiliates .
Republished with permission from the ACLU Blog of Rights .
KOROLYOV , Russia ( Reuters ) - A Russian Soyuz spacecraft containing an international trio of astronauts who oversaw the final assembly stage of a $ 100 billion space station landed safely on Kazakhstan ’s steppe on Wednesday .
Russian Oleg Kotov , NASA ’s Timothy Creamer and Japan ’s Soichi Noguchi arrived near the town of Zhezkazgan as planned , at 0725 Moscow time ( 0325 GMT ) , Russia ’s Mission Control outside Moscow said .
“ There has been a soft landing , ” the announcer said to applause from observers in the gold - lined , Soviet - era Mission Control building .
Spectators watched the Soyuz TMA - 17 enter the atmosphere at a height of 99.9 km ( 62 miles ) above Egypt on large plasma screens , before it fired across the Caspian Sea and then hung from a red and white parachute above the Kazakh steppe .
The astronauts , commanded by Kotov , left Earth in December for the 16 - nation International Space Station ( ISS ) , where they conducted a series of experiments and completed the station , which had been under construction for more than a decade .
Under blazing sunshine , Kotov gave a thumbs - up signal to medics as they draped a blanket around his shoulders .
The Russian cosmonaut was handed a large green apple , which he gently tossed into the air before taking a bite .
“ The astronauts are smiling and I ’m glad we managed to uphold tradition by giving an apple to each of the crew , ” Igor Ushakov , director of the Moscow - based Institute of Medical and Biological Problems , told reporters at Mission Control .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
Kotov ’s seven - year - old son , Dmitry , watched the landing from Mission Control with his mother .
“ It went well , did n’t it ? ” he said .
Live pictures beamed in from the landing site showed medics wiping sweat from Noguchi ’s forehead against a backdrop of Russian and Kazakh flags .
“ It ’s great to see the crew back on Mother Earth .
Now we have three empty spaces on the International Space Station , ” said NASA ’s Michael Baker , a former astronaut currently assigned as ISS program manager for international crew operations .
Russia will ferry all crews to the ISS aboard its single - use Soyuz spaceships after the U.S. space agency NASA mothballs its shuttle fleet by the end of this year .
Earlier this year , Russia announced a halt to space tourism to free capacity for ISS flights .
It has said it plans to double the number of launches to four this year as permanent crews of professionals aboard the expanded ISS are set to rise to six .
A Soyuz carrying U.S. astronaut Tracy Caldwell Dyson and Russian cosmonauts Alexander Skvortsov and Mikhail Korniyenko docked with the ISS in April , replacing a Russian - U.S. duo who returned to Earth in March .
They will be joined by two U.S. astronauts and a Russian cosmonaut on June 18 .
Insect collages from both the Butterflies and Insects collections from the NYPL Digital Gallery , circa 1920’s .
You know , if these Republicans really resent Godwin references ( at least , in reference to themselves ) , it might be easier to avoid them if they did n't open themselves up by hiring someone like Fred Malek :
Bob McDonnell 's choice for Chairman of [ the Governor 's Commission on Government Reform and Restructuring ] , Fred Malek , is kind of scary on the topic of government restructuring : " Malek is best known in political circles for resigning in 1988 as George Bush 's hand - picked deputy chairman for the Republican National Committee after the Post 's Walter Pincus and Bob Woodward reported that 17 years earlier , Malek had , at Richard Nixon 's request , counted the number of Jews then working for the Bureau of Labor Statistics .
( Thirteen , if you must know , though Malek only looked at 35 of the bureau 's 50 top employees . ) "
Some people might ask - what is the statute of limitations on a mistake someone made like this 40 years ago ?
I do n't think such a thing exists when you are talking about identifying and counting the number of Jews in government positions less than 30 years after the Holocaust .
It 's petrifying that this could have happened in this country .
If you 're interested in delving into this nasty business of Nixon 's anti-Semitic paranoia , Slate has the full story .
Of course , the man who thinks we should have a Confederate History Month and that working women are a threat to the family and contraception should be illegal cannot be accused of having the sensitivity to realize what a disgusting man Malek is .
Because Republicans forgive all sins except not being conservative enough in their perception or being willing to work with Democrats ( Sorry , Bob Bennett ) , it should come as no surprise that Malek also worked on McCain 's campaign , and by the looks of his personal blog , has worked up a nice career as a TV talking head .
Sigh .
It just goes to show you that old bigots never fade away in the GOP , they just keep getting hired again and again .
The Not Larry Sabato blog has a statement from a Virginia state delegate :
This is Section 5.1 of the Imaging Resource Guide
The ability to quickly perform repeatable , high accuracy measurements is critical to maximize the performance of many machine vision systems .
For such systems , a telecentric lens allows the highest possible accuracy to be obtained .
This section discusses the unique performance characteristics of Telecentric Lenses and how telecentricity can impact system performance .
Zero Angular Field of View : Parallax Error Elimination
Conventional lenses have angular fields of view such that as the distance between the lens and object increases , the magnification decreases .
This is how the human vision behaves , and contributes to our depth perception .
This angular field of view results in parallax , also known as perspective error , which decreases accuracy , as the observed measurement of the vision system will change if the object is moved ( even when remaining within the depth of field ) due to the magnification change .
Telecentric Lenses eliminate the parallax error characteristic of standard lenses by having a constant , non-angular field of view ; at any distance from the lens , a Telecentric Lens will always have the same field of view .
See Figure 1 for the difference between a non-telecentric and a telecentric field of view .
Figure 1 : Field of View comparison of a Conventional and Telecentric Lens .
Note the conventional lens ’s angular field of view and the Telecentric Lens ’s zero angle field of view
A Telecentric Lens ’s constant field of view has both benefits and constraints for gauging applications .
The primary advantage of a Telecentric Lens is that its magnification does not change in respect to depth .
Figure 2 shows two different objects at different working distances , both imaged by a Fixed Focal Length ( non-telecentric ) Lens ( center ) and a Telecentric Lens ( right ) .
Note that in the image taken with a Telecentric Lens , it is impossible to tell which object is in front of the other .
With the Fixed Focal Length Lens , it is quite obvious that the object that appears smaller is positioned farther from the lens .
Figure 2 : The Angular Field of View of the Fixed Focal Length Lens translates to Parallax Error in the Image and causes the two Cubes to appear to be different sizes
While Figure 2 is drastic in terms of a working distance shift , it illustrates the importance of minimizing parallax error .
Many automated inspection tasks are imaging objects that move through the field of view of an imaging system , and the position of parts is rarely perfectly repeatable .
If the working distance is not identical for each object that the lens is imaging , the measurement of each object will vary due to the magnification shift .
( see Object Space Resolution to learn more about magnification and how it is defined ) .
A machine vision system that outputs different results based on a magnification calibration error ( which is unavoidable with a Fixed Focal Length Lens ) is a non-reliable solution and cannot be used when high precision is necessary .
Telecentric Lenses eliminate the concern about measurement errors that would otherwise occur due to factors such as a vibrating conveyor or inexact part locations .
Telecentric Lenses and Depth of Field
It is a common misconception that Telecentric Lenses inherently have a larger depth of field than conventional lenses .
While depth of field is still ultimately governed by the wavelength and f /# of the lens , it is true that Telecentric Lenses can have a larger usable depth of field than conventional lenses due to the symmetrical blurring on either side of best focus .
As the part under inspection shifts toward or away from the lens , it will follow the angular field of view ( or the chief ray ) that is associated with it .
In a non-telecentric lens , when an object is moved in and out of focus , the part blurs asymmetrically due to parallax and the magnification change that is associated with its angular field of view .
Telecentric Lenses , however , blur symmetrically since there is no angular component to the field of view .
In practice , this means that features such as edges retain their center of mass location ; an accurate measurement can still be made when the object is beyond best focus as long as the contrast remains high enough for the algorithm being used by the machine vision system to function properly .
While it may seem counterintuitive , blur can be used advantageously in certain applications with Telecentric Lenses .
For example , if a machine vision system needs to find the center location of a pin , as shown in Figure 3a , the transition from white to black is quite sharp when the lens is in focus .
In Figure 3b , the same pin is shown slightly defocused .
Figure 3 : The Same Pin Imaged both In and Out of Focus .
Note that the transition from white to black covers many more pixels when the lens is slightly out of focus ( b ) .
This can be advantageous !
Looking at a plot of the image grey levels from a line profile taken across the edge of the part , as in Figure 4 , the slope of the line is much shallower for the slightly defocused image , as the pin edge is spread over more pixels .
Due to the symmetric blurring of the Telecentric Lens , this blur is still usable as the centroid has not moved and the amount of sub - pixel interpolation needed is decreased .
This reduces sensitivity to grey level fluctuations caused by sensor noise and allows the pin center location to be found more reliably and with higher repeatability .
Figure 4 : Plot showing the difference in Slope between a Focused and Defocused Edge .
The defocused edge takes up many more pixels ; finding the edge becomes easier without relying on sub - pixel interpolation
Telecentricity and Distortion
Another advantage of using Telecentric Lenses in metrology applications is that Telecentric Lenses typically have lower distortion values than Fixed Focal Length Lenses .
Distortion causes the actual position of an object to appear as though it is in a different location , which can further decrease measurement accuracy ( see Distortion for more information ) .
For example , Figure 5a shows jumper pins on a circuit board that has been imaged by a Fixed Focal Length Lens with high distortion .
The distortion , coupled with the parallax error inherent to non-telecentric lenses , makes the pins toward the edge of the image appear as though they are bent toward the center .
When looking at the same pins with a Telecentric Lens , as in Figure 5 b , it is apparent that the pins are indeed straight .
Figure 5 : Comparison of Jumpers on a Circuit Board .
Figure 5a shows an image that has been taken with a Fixed Focal Length Lens .
Figure 5 b shows an image that has been taken with a Telecentric Lens .
Note that the pins do not appear bent in the telecentric image
While it is true that distortion can be calibrated out of images to partially improve the accuracy , the parallax is still present and will cause error .
The other advantage to not needing to calibrate out the distortion from the Telecentric Lens is that the measurement process can run faster as there is less computing that the software needs to do , reducing CPU load and directly leading to higher system throughput and more parts measured per minute .
Because Telecentric
Lenses tend to have such low distortion , they are more prone to having non-monotonic wave distortion than fixed focal length lenses , as shown in Figure 6 .
While the magnitude of the distortion is generally low enough to not have a significant impact on the measurement of the part under inspection , it is still important to check the distortion specifications of the Telecentric Lens and to properly calibrate the imaging system utilizing the Telecentric Lens .
This property is also why distortion plots should be used rather than a single numerical value , as the lens can have zero distortion at the field point where it is specified , but be non -zero elsewhere .
Figure 6 : Non-Monotonic , or Wave Distortion Typical of Telecentric Lenses
In applications where the object plane is tilted , Telecentric Lenses provide a good alternative to Fixed Focal Length Lenses due to their low distortion and invariant magnification .
The camera can also be tilted to keep the tilted object in sharp focus ; this is called the Scheimpflug condition .
The Scheimpflug condition is a way to extend the depth that is being observed by the machine vision system by tilting the object plane and the image plane , as shown in Figure 7 .
If a conventional lens is used this way , it will result in keystone distortion , described in detail in Sensor Relative Illumination , Roll Off and Vignetting .
Telecentric Lenses , however , will not demonstrate keystone distortion , as the magnification does not change with depth .
Care must be taken in calibration , though , as the part will be observed as a geometric projection : a circle will be an ellipse , a square will be a rectangle , and so on .
Transcript :
Man :
Would you like to sign our petition to return to the original Constitution ?
Woman : OK ...
But how about this time we make it legal for black people to own white people , and only women have the right to vote ?
Noise : Foom .
Woman :
That 's what I thought .
Very few chip factories are built from the ground up these days .
So I leaped at the chance to visit GlobalFoundries ‘ new facility in upstate New York .
Though the factory is still years away from mass producing chips for our computers and cell phones , it ’s still impressive , both in the magnitude of the facility and the advanced technology that it represents .
There are two main approaches to making high - end chips .
A few companies , notably Intel and the memory manufacturers , design their own chips and manufacture them in their chip fabrication facilities , known as “ fabs . ”
Most of the rest of the industry consists of “ fabless ” semiconductor companies that design chips ( examples include Qualcomm and Nvidia ) ; and “ foundries , ” companies that manufacture chips for the design companies .
The leading foundries have been TSMC and UMC , both based in Taiwan , along with China ’s SMIC and until recently Singapore ’s Chartered .
Samsung and IBM both have foundry groups that are parts of the larger companies .
GlobalFoundries is a new foundry company that combines the chip - making operations that used to be part of AMD along with Chartered Semiconductor in an alliance funded by ATIC , an investment arm of Abu Dhabi .
GlobalFoundries is different from the other companies in having foundries in lots of locations , including six in Singapore ( which used to be Chartered ) , one large one in Dresden , Germany ( which used to be called two foundries by AMD ) ; and one under construction in the Luther Forest Technology Campus in Saratoga County , New York , about half an hour north of Albany .
This new facility , called Fab 8 , is huge .
The project underway , which is just the first stage of what could eventually be built on site , will be 1.3 million square feet and cost about $ 4.6 billion ( including the equipment ) , according to Norm Armour , VP and General Manager of the facility , who said he believes it is the largest current construction project in the U.S.
The construction cost alone is estimated at about $ 880 million , with the rest of the cost going to the high - end tools it takes to make chips these days .
View the GlobalFoundries slideshow .
Donations
Thank you !
To everyone who supports the Mario Marathon by donating to Child 's Play Charity in support of the event !
All of our donors are listed below .
Grand Star Level ( $ 1000 + )
MiqoRems
Pric3d
David S
Lou , Sharla , & Nora
Urgo
VashTS
19day
Dave and Abby Evelyn
Star Power Level ( $ 500 + )
opello
Vanyalosswen
John W .
Fire Power Level ( $ 250 + )
kastzy
malfunct
eDRoaCH
MALeamy
Dragonfire20
Becky & Steve Pfisterer
Michele and Erik
Caden and Austins GGG
Cookie Mom
Nick Galotti
hakusaro
Larry C
Joey Glatt
The Coleman Family
Mario Level ( $ 100 + )
Multirabc
TaxMegan
Rinnare
LukeBK
Michael Goldsby
Adam Millard
Dan 's Beard
ARandomTurnip
savageboredom
Mr. Potatomoto
invalidpeer
Cody K .
Sci-Fanatic
Mr & Mrs GrubberGamer
Creyage
Phantom99 b
FugitiveCheese
TPRJones
dahctor
Carolynn1735
Joda
directionalpad
Sandy Fortune
GootangClan
Cheryl Ellie & Jack Groth
Leedzie
Brandon W .
The Savvy Tortfeasor
Brad Berkemier
BogusZ
JP
OrangeLion5
David & Nicole
Ian M .
Brandon Schory
Toad and Yoshi
Alyson +
Luke
Befernee
Raiger
Ethan and Rachelle Lapham
Mikey and Megan
Solomon Grey
Bill Evers
Maya
Ben Fowler
John W
Penny and Norah
Jon Cummins
Eldorian
Cole Taylor
Jeff Hanson
Clark Rasmussen
Nick Tabick
Fudgie N. Pinchie
Dan 's Mom and Dad
GreyGunslinger
Matt
the MAYTERS
Oil on Canvas
The Blues
David Palmer
Oliver E
Rep304
Pongo Sapiens
Texas Knoops
Luigi Level ( $ 50 + )
Cmptrvir
Ted
davidthelazar
PixilRena
johnjanitor
Noah Om
Tenretni
Bryant
The O'Neills
Retro4ever
adam bober
The Downing Family
Gus R .
IggyHitokage
SiiYaTii
Tara Oursler
Jimmy and Angi
rinrinn
Ryan Adams
Leah Zinn
diannethegeek
KurlonTV
Brian H
Teppsercize
Mike G
Edward Mass
panielle
robosmile
JPisAntonio2
Jon Belf
Tara ( sonnentreppe )
Aaron Sanders
Erin and Adrian
Equilateral
Kenny_J
Ogy Joe
Adam Doe .
ker - plop
CorkyZ
Tks MM Team for 2020 :)
Matt Wires
Corbin M .
Anthony
Adam S .
ChuckSplatt
Zak Webster
Margaret Mansell
dan k
Laurel Buyarski
TroZ
Rachel
xwing@aliciousness
MisterMattguy
Leedzie's Mom
Furoan
eureka345
Austin H .
Denny Fowler
John - Useless Traffic
Barbara Gotham
Creyage
Yoshi Level ( $ 25 + )
Princess Level ( $ 10 + )
Missterious72
kermitiousmoony
Matthew Donnelly
igotafloor
Collin1000
Cookie
WinWolfz
PickyNickiSue
Ryan Moore
Itchybanana
Brian B.A. Dunda
Stacy and Adam
PixelPowerUp
JJ & Krissy
Adri & Joe
Trogdor
Newman
ScaryVikingSA
MarioNASAMan
MostlyAwol
Josh
The Sager Family
rebornflames
KevSlider
equinoxe3d
Mistermind
rogXue
Thomas Kover
Finn and Blake
Doobie_Mouse
Couch Gorilla
Patrick / PsychoFish
Azure C
KaizenKhaos + King of Red
Richard Henion
Ivy
Jimmy Sorel
Pawel Kowalczyk
NJCoffeeJunkie
Jamboree and Blaze
jonsclevertwitchname
CodeRedOnly
The Insane Greek
Maniacmojo
Derek and Mandy
Periahdark & winwolfz2
Anikiki
Lincoln Constable
Semaria
Rich Franks
Brian Leodler
Lightbulb
Eric Mason
Super_Luigi
Pat P
Caroline
Dopefish
Max and Katie
sirthink1
Kairi700
CrocBox
Heather Ess
Logan B
Potedeian
Jenn Lavoie
Rhianna Evans
retconning
Alan & Sharon Horton
Newman
Kimmy
Lamya R
Knightlife
Matt Andreko
AerialBadgerRelease
moonlight
Scott W .
Kayla and Adam < 3
Tab
Andrew Krause
Carlos
Smol nemew
jariss1989
Ohniesmilk
Steph
Yann LF
Jurassica
Ashley Barnaby
Tom Johnson
proa007
@ Peter_chan
Dustin
Dan A
Antonio Checa
For the children !
Toad Level ( $ 1 + )
The third release of Glyph is out !
For those checking it out for the first time , Glyph is a Rapid Document Authoring Framework focused on extensibility and content reuse .
For an example of what Glyph can do , have a look at Glyph 's free PDF book .
This release brings more stability to Glyph , more speed , and features affecting Glyph 's core functionality .
As a consequence , some incompatibilities had to be introduced – but after all , better now than later .
New parser and performance improvements
This release 's big news is the brand new Glyph Parser .
Until this release , Glyph relied on the awesome Treetop library for parsing Glyph language .
Treetop is great when it comes to creating language parsers effortlessly , but it can add quite a bit of an overhead especially when using dot star patterns .
So I ran a few benchmarks and in the end decided to write my very own ( first ! ) parser from scratch using just the StringScanner class , which is part of Ruby Standard Library .
It took me a bit to get used to it , but in the end I managed to create something able to produce an Abstract Syntax Tree exactly the way I wanted .
After adding the new parser , Glyph became significantly faster .
This does n't mean it's as fast as , say , RedCloth , but I it can be used to process long books in just a few seconds rather than minutes .
Macro Attributes
Glyph now supports named attributes as well as positional parameters .
This is particularly handy when you want to create macros with a lot of optional arguments : in this case , positional parameters are not great .
As a result , for example , the section macro now takes an optional title and id attributes , rather than two parameters Attributes look like macros , but they all start with a @ character .
For example , see the the following image , showing this very section :
Full XML support
Once macro attributes became available at parser level , having Glyph to produce arbitrary XML code became extremely easy .
By default , now if Glyph does n't find a macro it assumes you 're inputting an XML tag of some kind , so you can write : 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 And get the following HTML code back : 1 < p >
This is a paragraph with some < em > emphasized </ em > text .
</p> 2 < img 3 alt = " Glyph Code " 4 width = " 50 % " 5 height = " 60 % " 6 src = " glyph_code.png " 7 /> ... and none of the macros used in the previosu Glyph code snippet are actually defined in Glyph .
Among other things , this means that you do n't have to use Textile or Markup within your Glyph code unless you absolutely need to ( e.g. for lists , which would be a bit verbose to create using just Glyph markup ) .
Improved include macro and " safe mode "
The include macro now must take an path to a file relative to the text / directory of your project , or it can also be used to include ( and evaluate ) ruby code within your lib/ directory .
Moreover , you can now use the include macro even when compiling single Glyph files .
Now , while evaluating Ruby code in an external file can be quite handy , is also quite insecure .
For this reason , it is now possible to use Glyph programmatically in " safe mode " , thereby forbidding the usage of certain unsafe macros .
McGill microbiologist looks at Martian - like environment on Earth and finds evidence of bacteria
Researchers at McGill ’s department of natural resources , the National Research Council of Canada , the University of Toronto and the SETI Institute have discovered that methane - eating bacteria survive in a highly unique spring located on Axel Heiberg Island in Canada ’s extreme North .
Lyle Whyte , McGill University microbiologist explains that the Lost Hammer spring supports microbial life , that the spring is similar to possible past or present springs on Mars , and that therefore they too could support life .
The subzero water is so salty that it does n’t freeze despite the cold , and it has no consumable oxygen in it .
There are , however , big bubbles of methane that come to the surface , which had provoked the researchers ’ curiosity as to whether the gas was being produced geologically or biologically and whether anything could survive in this extreme hypersaline subzero environment .
" We were surprised that we did not find methanogenic bacteria that produce methane at Lost Hammer , " Whyte said , " but we did find other very unique anaerobic organisms – organisms that survive by essentially eating methane and probably breathing sulfate instead of oxygen . "
It has been very recently discovered that there is methane and frozen water on Mars .
Photos taken by the Mars Orbiter show the formation of new gullies , but no one knows what is forming them .
One answer is that there could be that there are springs like Lost Hammer on Mars .
" The point of the research is that it does n’t matter where the methane is coming from , " Whyte explained .
" If you have a situation where you have very cold salty water , it could potentially support a microbial community , even in that extreme harsh environment . "
While Axel Heiberg is already an inhospitable place , the Lost Hammer spring is even more so .
" There are places on Mars where the temperature reaches relatively warm - 10 to 0 degrees and perhaps even above 0 ºC , " Whyte said , " and on Axel Heiberg it gets down to - 50 , easy .
The Lost Hammer spring is the most extreme subzero and salty environment we ’ve found .
This site also provides a model of how a methane seep could form in a frozen world like Mars , providing a potential mechanism for the recently discovered Martian methane plumes . "
The research was published in the International Society for Microbial Ecology Journal and received logistical support from McGill University ’s Arctic Research Station and the Canadian Polar Continental Shelf Project .
Funding was received from NASA , the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada , and the Canadian Space Agency .
Additional funding for student research was provided by the Department of Indian and Northern Affairs , and the Fonds Québécois de la Recherche sur la Nature et les Technologies .
German animal biologist Silvia Gaus has some tough advice for the people heroically trying to rescue and clean the pelicans and other birds tarred by the BP oil spill : " Kill , do n't clean . "
As heartbreaking as it might be to euthanize them , Gaus argues , " serious studies " show that the medium - term survival of oil - soaked birds is about 1 percent — and the rest die a painful death .
Is it really more humane to kill the birds than to try to rehabilitate them ?
( See footage of birds and fish covered in oil )
Many birds can still be rehabilitated :
While experts at the World Wildlife Fund have agreed with Gaus in the case of heavily oiled birds , says Devorah Bennu in ScienceBlogs , many lightly oiled birds can be saved .
And Gaus " conveniently ignores " data that shows much better survival rates — 50 to 80 percent — depending on the spill .
" Certainly , it is in our best interests ( and those of wildlife ) to understand why there are such wildly variable survival rates before forcing a blanket policy of euthanasia . "
" Oiled seabirds : To kill or not to kill ?
What is the ethical thing to do ? "
Mercy killings are probably the humane choice : Rescuing the " birds and wildlife we love so much " seems like one of the few concrete ways we can help , says Sharon Stiteler at MinnPost .
But even if the birds survive our cleaning — a big " if " — " the goal with wildlife rehab is to get the bird back out in the wild , " and the only wild these birds know is a " lethal mess " that 's only getting worse by the day .
" Birdchick : Should oil spill birds be euthanized ? "
We should focus on saving un - oiled birds :
There 's no reason to stop the worthwhile bird - cleaning effort , says Leslie Kaufman in The New York Times .
But our " first priority " should be to save the next generation of birds , which means protecting the as - yet - unsullied nesting areas in Texas and Florida .
" Bird rescue has gotten much better , " but we can't stop them from instinctually returning home to nest .
" Can the rescued pelicans stay clean ? "
An Alamo family stumbled across a heartbreaking sight in its backyard recently : a whimpering 4 - day - old fawn , apparently abandoned by its mother .
Naturally , they scooped up the trembling beast and delivered her to a wildlife rehabilitation hospital .
The only problem was that the fawn was not injured .
Nor was she abandoned .
Instead , she was among the 500 perfectly healthy fawns a year that well - meaning animal lovers bring into California rehabilitation hospitals , often causing more harm than good .
The California Department of Fish and Game is warning the public not to handle wildlife , especially babies .
The department also noted that it 's illegal in California to keep wildlife unless you 're a licensed wildlife rehabilitator .
" People bring in healthy wildlife all the time .
We call it kidnapping , " said Melanie Piazza , director of animal care at WildCare wildlife hospital in San Rafael .
" I know people mean well , but if they see baby animals , they should let Mom and Dad raise them , not us . "
Deer , rabbits and some other animals often leave their babies alone for up to 12 hours at a spell while the parents forage for food .
In the case of the Alamo fawn , veterinarian Anneke Moresco of the Lindsay Wildlife Museum in Walnut Creek gave her a complete physical exam before determining that she was a tad terrified but otherwise OK .
" She was making a very pathetic little noise , " she said .
" But she was very alert , very responsive . "
A volunteer from the Lindsay museum returned the fawn a few hours later to the exact spot where the family found her , in hopes the fawn 's mother would never know her baby was missing .
Wildlife experts said obviously injured or abandoned animals should be left alone unless the cause of the animal 's distress is related to humans .
For example , babies whose mother was hit by a car , or an animal that 's been injured by an off - leash dog , should be brought to a wildlife hospital .
But in most cases , babies that appear abandoned are n't .
Even animals that look injured might just be temporarily dazed .
" We highly advise people to leave animals alone , " said East Bay Regional Park District spokeswoman Shelley Lewis .
" Sometimes picking it up is the worst thing you can do . "
Park officials urge people to contact a ranger or other park staff member who can safely move the animal to a treatment facility .
Otherwise , people should let nature take its course .
" If a crow goes after a dove , there 's no point in treating the dove because the crow will just find another dove , " Moresco said .
" It 's hard to watch sometimes , but it 's nature . "
Interviewed on NBC's Today show this morning , former Chickamauga , Georgia , kindergarten teacher Tonya Craft described her feelings upon being acquitted yesterday of molesting three girls after a five - week trial :
It was n't a victory .
There 's nobody that wins in this situation .
My whole heart has been taken , and I got half of it back .
It wo n't be whole until I get my children back .
Craft lost custody of her two children , who now live with her ex-husband , after her arrest two years ago .
Her daughter was one of the three girls who testified that Craft sexually abused them when they were 5 or 6 .
Regarding her daughter 's testimony , Craft said :
That was the hardest thing I have ever experienced .
It absolutely broke my heart to see that my daughter had been indoctrinated to say things that were not true .
I sobbed .
Craft , who lost her job as well as her children after her arrest , had to raise $ 500,000 for her defense , which included hiring a Michigan lawyer / psychologist , Demosthenes Lorandos , with experience in cases involving false memories , who presented testimony from leading experts on child abuse .
" I never thought I could be arrested for something I did n't do , " Craft told NBC's Meredith Vieira .
She said she wants to " make people aware that this can happen any time to anyone . "
Lorandos told CBS
News he plans to contact the FBI and the U.S. Attorney 's Office about " fraudulent " behavior by Craft 's prosecutors and Judge Brian House , who refused to recuse himself from the case despite the fact that he had represented one of Craft 's ex-husbands in divorce proceedings .
House seemed to favor the prosecution during the trial , eliciting repeated complaints from Lorandos that he was applying a double standard in responding to objections and ruling on the admissibility of evidence .
CBS
News notes that " prosecutor Chris Arnt also raised eyebrows when he posted on his Facebook page in January that Craft 's defense lawyers ' are really insane or just trying to jack up her defense bill . ' "
The interview with Craft can be viewed here .
She is scheduled to appear on CNN's Larry King Live tonight .
Previous posts on the Craft case here .
Primary content in this document is © Shiri Dori .
All other text , images , or trademarks in this document are the intellectual property of their respective owners .
Pro tip :
When you post a Craigslist ad proposing an iPad - for - " blue dream straight outta Cali " marijuana trade and also post a picture of said illegal substance for all to see , the local police will find and arrest you .
Advertisement
I know this because it just happened to an enterprising duo in Gilbert , Arizona the other day and was all over the local news there .
Advertisement
Basically , what 20 - year - olds Jacob Walker and buddy Joseph Velarde did was smoke a shit ton of their own stash , get stoned , and then come up with what , at the time , probably seemed like the most ingenious idea either of their fried brain cells had ever conceived .
And yes , you 're right , while I technically do n't know if they were stoned at the time ( guilty as charged ) , I do know that the two decided to use Craigslist to solicit an iPad using a 3rd gen iPod touch and a QP quarter ounce of the aforementioned " blue dream straight outta cali " bud .
The pot was conveniently placed in a jar on a scale , so potential traders — and police — would now exactly what they were getting into with the deal .
When undercover officers were offered the pot during a meeting , arrests — and tech history — were made .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Both men currently face charges for possession of an illegal substance and conspiracy to sell Marijuana .
Also , no iPad. [ AZ Family via Edible Apple ]
From their mouths themselves .
“ Sound Of Stereo is 2 guys from Brussels , Belgium .
We met two years ago on an internet community where we were diggin ’ the same music .
We started talking and came to the conclusion that we lived only a few miles away from each other .
I – Jochen – was already doing some production work and my partner in crime – Vincent – was already deejaying in the neighbourhood .
We were both quite good at what we did , but we did n’t have a way to promote ourselves .
That changed when we decided to do stuff together . ”
I have been pretty obsessed with them for a while now and their Flatland EP that was released this month is unbelievable .
Here you go .
Many of his songs are appallingly sexist .
So why is feminist Julie Bindel such a fan of Snoop Dogg 's music – and what did she make of his set ?
The crowd roars , the bass is so deep it hurts my chest .
Snoop Dogg , resplendent in white singlet and a giant knuckleduster that spells out his name in diamonds , gyrates his way to the centre of the Pyramid stage .
He has a voice like honey dripping on rose petals , he raps like a demon – and he pours out his bile all over women .
All around me , young female fans submit to his music , waving spliffs and splashing cider on their burning flesh .
Singing along to lyrics peppered with derogatory words about women , they seem wholly unperturbed by Snoop 's reputation as a former pimp who refers to women as bitches and hos .
But oh , how charismatic he is on stage , with that split - second delivery and those easy , natural moves .
No other music gets my blood flowing faster than hip - hop , and Snoop is the best of the bunch .
Now , here comes the contradiction .
I have loved Snoop 's music for almost 20 years and first saw him live in the mid-1990s , on stage in the US with other male rappers all playing macho , grabbing their crotches and showing off their pecs .
Now I am at Glastonbury purely to see Snoop – and yet I have spent my adult life campaigning to end violence against women , in particular the abuse of women and children in prostitution .
So just what am I doing here ?
And why do I love his music ?
On the train to Glastonbury , the youngsters at my table asked each other which bands they were most looking forward to seeing .
" Florence and the Machine , " said one .
" Vampire Weekend , " said another .
" Snoop Dogg , " I mumbled .
All their mouths dropped open at once .
I am not most people 's idea of a Snoop fan .
A former gang member from one of LA 's most notorious neighbourhoods , Snoop Dogg ( so named by gang members because his hairstyle resembled the ears of Snoopy from the Peanuts cartoon strip ) has served time for drug dealing , been acquitted of the murder of a gang member , and made a series of pornographic films called Girls Gone Wild Doggy Style .
The first feminist campaign I was involved in was against the abuse of women within the porn industry , back in 1979 .
But where many folk love Snoop because of his hate - filled Gangsta lyrics , I try to separate his fantastic voice , rhythm and timing from his verbal tirades against women .
The first album I bought was Doggystyle in 1993 , followed by Tha Doggfather three years later .
I realised the lyrics were pornographic and grotesque but so , I told myself , were many sung by white boys in tight jeans in the 1970s .
After all , I used to sing along to Claire by Gilbert O'Sullivan , assuming it was about a man who had a major crush on a woman , only to discover later that he was singing about an uncle 's love for his young niece .
Tom Jones 's Delilah was one of my favourite karaoke turns , until someone pointed out it was about a man who kills his girlfriend because she has " provoked " him by having an affair .
When I first heard Snoop 's songs I hated the fact that so many were peppered with the " n " word , as well as the obligatory " bitch " , " ho " and " motherfucker " – but I chose to ignore the lyrics .
One day , my partner walked in when I was blasting out Snoop 's Tha Last Meal ( " Shootin ' the breeze , with a cute Vietnamese / or was she Lebanese ?
I think she Chinese / It really do n't matter cause they all on they knees " ) and asked me to turn it off .
I put Snoop away and became a secret , occasional listener , dusting off Doggfather only when I was alone in the house .
At Glastonbury , Snoop appears to be choosing his songs carefully .
When he introduces Beautiful ( " Beautiful , I just want you to know , You 're my favourite girl " ) , which he dedicates to " all the ladies in the house " , it sounds so lacklustre that half the crowd stop dancing .
Soon , though , he is back on form , but unfortunately with a rap in which he tells us that women are asking to be fucked .
And yet I find myself shouting along with the crowd as Snoop demands : " What 's my motherfucking name ? "
Why am I pandering to this man who has such apparent contempt for women , not to mention an ego bigger than his entire crowd's ?
Well , I am not the only feminist who loves Snoop 's music .
Bridget Irving , defence lawyer and radical feminist , tells me she is jealous I am going to see him perform .
" His music is brilliant , " she says , " and he laughs about himself .
But I hate all that woman - hating shite . "
Fellow Guardian writer and feminist Cath Elliott also admits that she " adores " Snoop 's rapping .
" You should ask him what his problem is with women , " she says , " but his music is fabulous . "
There is , indeed , nothing inherently sexist about hip - hop and rap .
My passion for it began in the early 1980s , with the release of Wordy Rappinghood by the Tom Tom Club .
The cutting - edge beat was such a breath of fresh air after the noise of punk and fluff of glam rock .
By the time Salt - N - Pepa , an American hip - hop trio from New York , came on the scene in 1985 , I was hooked – and many a feminist music lover lauded All Hail the Queen , by the wonderful Queen Latifah .
Here were women singing about real life rather than slush , and giving the men a run for their money .
Latifah 's track Ladies First ( with Monie Love ) became a feminist anthem .
Very quickly , though , female rappers became marginalised and overtaken by the pure brutality of their male counter - parts .
As with Hollywood , those who received the most attention in the hip - hop world were those who portrayed violence , hate and bloodshed .
And so rap has become a musical genre by and for men ; a boy 's club in which they can abuse and degrade women .
At the Pyramid stage , things are hotting up .
Snoop breaks into 1800 from his latest I can hear the odd " bitch " and " ho " but , thankfully , can't make out the rest of the lyrics .
As I dance along , I pray he wo n't do the song Pimpin Aint EZ .
He does n't .
After the set , I ask some young women whether Snoop 's lyrics put them off him .
" I think he is being ironic , " says Maria .
" No way does he think that about women . "
" It 's just his showing off , " says Christina .
" He is laughing at himself . "
Hannah , however , disagrees : " He hates women and thinks of us all as sluts and whores .
It comes across very clearly . "
But all the women say they love his music .
In the UK , most rap and hip - hop is consumed by white people , but produced and performed by artists of African - Caribbean descent .
Looking around the Glastonbury crowd , I can pick out only one black person among thousands .
The racist stereotypes of black men as hyper - masculine misogynists and homophobes are exploited in the marketing of gangsta rap , leading to accusations that it is " worse " than other musical genres in its attitudes to women and gay people – ironic , considering some of the sentiments expressed in hard rock .
Snoop , though , has a reputation for pushing the boundaries even further than contemporaries such as Dizzee Rascal and P Diddy .
But of all the deeply controversial gangsta rappers , he is also probably the most charming and has the best sense of humour .
Maybe that 's why he gets away with it .
Nevertheless , like Hannah , I really believe Snoop hates women .
I will not spend another penny on his music until he has a Damascene conversion , admits he has been a misogynistic creep , and donates a percentage of his profits to end violence against women ( I 'm not holding my breath ) .
He has given countless young men the permission to view women like he does – as worthless sex objects – and for that I despise the man behind the mic , no matter how good a musician he is .
With the show over , I leave the site : feet blistered , neck sunburned , badly dehydrated – but with Snoop 's beats still resonating .
At the exit , a young woman tells a security guard , " I am due on stage in 15 minutes , and have to dress as a dolphin first . "
Then at the station , waiting for the train back to London , I notice former Lib - Dem MP Lembit Opik , dressed like a homeboy , asleep in the waiting room .
Glastonbury , it seems , allows us to display a side of ourselves that is usually kept under wraps .
Human Evolution Chart of Human Evolution Tour of the Human Fossil Record The Hominid Brain Hominid Tools Hominid Fossil Sites and Patterns of Hominid Dispersal email me Linked from this page are documents summarizing the hominid fossil record and hypothesized lines of human evolution from 5 million years ago to the present .
Under the current taxonomy ( based on genetic rather than behavioral criteria ) , the term " hominid " refers to members of the biological human family Hominidae : living humans , all human ancestors , the many extinct members of Australopithecus , and our closest primate relatives , the chimpanzee and gorilla .
According to The Tree of Life by Guillaume Lecointre and Hervé Le Guyader ( Harvard University Press : 2006 ) , the similarly named and easily confused categories of humans and near human apes , in order of increasing inclusiveness , are :  Hominini - modern humans and all previous human , australopithecine , paranthropine and ardipithecine ancestors 
Homininae - all of the above , plus chimpanzees ( Panini ) , our closest living biological kin ( a genetic kinship so close that some scientists have suggested their genus name should be changed from Pan to Homo ) .
 Hominidae - all of the above , plus gorillas ( Gorillinae )  Hominoidae - all of the above , plus orangutans ( Pongidae )  Hominoidea - all of the above , plus gibbons ( Hylobatoidae ) .
The chart ( at right ) shows the evolutionary chronology inputed to these biological branches .
Ardipithecus , the common primate ancestor to paranthropines , australopithecines and humans , went extinct about 4 million years ago .
Human evolution is a puzzle made up of thousands of fossil pieces .
The Chart of Human Evolution ( below ) shows the major pieces of that puzzle arranged in a likely solution .
The tentative connections between species or time of extinction , indicated by a " ? " , are open to clarification as new DNA and fossil evidence is reviewed in the scientific literature ; see comments below the chart .
Data principally from ( 1 ) Donald Johanson & Blake Edgar , From Lucy to Language ( Simon & Schuster , 1996 ) , an elegant and judicious survey of human evolution with scintillating , large format photographs of the major fossils by David Brill ; and ( 2 ) The Last Human by G.J. Sawyer , Viktor Deak , Esteban Sarmiento and others ( New Haven : Yale University Press , 2007 ) .
See also " The Dawn of Humans . " National Geographic , February 1997 ; and Goran Burenhuldt ( ed. ) , The First Humans : Human Origins and History to 10,000 BC .
New York : HarperCollins , 1993 .
NOTES  Each colored bar represents the time interval spanned by recovered fossils associated with that species .
Dotted lines indicate the conjectural evolutionary lines of descent .
( Different paleoanthropologists will connect these in different ways , while preserving the chronological sequence . ) 
Under each species name is a list of the national or geographical areas where all or most of its fossil remains have been found .

White numbers inside the species bars indicate the approximate count of distinct individuals in each species from whom fossil remains survived as of c.1995 .
( Subsequent discoveries and reclassifications will have changed these numbers . )
The number of individuals is considerably smaller than the number of fossil specimens , because a specimen can be a single tooth , bone or bone fragment .
These numbers suggest the relative reliability of the species classifications they support . 
The human fossil record from about 2.5 to 1.0 million years ago is especially sparse  only about 50 individuals are known , some of them represented by only a single tooth or bone fragment  and the evolutionary connections from Australopithecus to Homo erectus , including the evolutionary relationships between habilis , ergaster and erectus , are in dire need of clarification .

Time spans for modern humans , Neanderthals and archaic Homo sapiens ( H. heidelbergensis ) have been extended back beyond accepted fossil limits to accommodate recent genetic evidence that the divergence between the Neanderthal and human lines occurred around 500,000 years ago .

As environmental or climate context , the major Ice Age epochs in recent human experience were [ 1 ] the Wisconsin , 11,000 - 35,000 years ago ( the most extreme of recent coolings ) , and [ 2 ] the Illinoian , 130,000 - 190,000 years ago , with an intermediate ice era around 60,000 - 70,000 years ago .

Four human species proposed in the literature  H. floresiensis , H. pekinensis , H. georgicus and H. rhodesiensis  have been omitted as conjectural or controversial .
Homo rudolfensis is now assigned to the " 1470 group " variant of Homo habilis , designated by the " 1813 group " label .
( The numbers refer to the taxonomic type specimens used to anchor the species . )
Human Variation Across Space & Time Humans are remarkable for the complexity and pace of their evolutionary history .
No other mammal , perhaps no other species , has spread over such a large geographic and ecological range , and evolved so many related species and radically new forms of behavior , within just two million years .
There are at least six independent factors contributing to this remarkable evolutionary emergence : genetic variability , climate change , migration , dietary flexibility , alloparenting of extended early development , and technology .
Natural selection can only produce new species out of the genetic variation already within existing species .
The origins of human variability are genetic  in the human genome  and this variability is a characteristic fact of human nature .
The recent discovery of Australopithecus sediba shows clearly the combinatorial churning of modular components in the early hominid lineage .
Evolution was helped along by major cycles of climate change ( including changes in African ecological mosaics , sea level , land bridges and temperature ) , which likely propelled the human prehistory of migration and the resulting geographic isolation of different hominid groups  as documented in Hominid Fossil Sites and Patterns of Hominid Dispersal .
These migrations were facilitated by an opportunistic , omnivorous dietary range adapted to local food sources .
Certainly , the accumulation of hominid technology and culture gave our migrating biological variability an enormously accelerating push  primarily through the tendency of culture and in particular language groups to segregate human lineages , but also through a tool culture that allowed increasingly productive exploitation of animal , plant and mineral resources .
The prolonged period of infant and child dependence on adults , and the sharing of childrearing tasks among family or group members , ensured robust cultural transmission across generations and at the same time allowed the tool using culture to become rapidly more complex .
How Many Human Species Are There ?
Radiating into separate geographic or ecological domains , ancestral hominids evolved into regional variants that are sometimes described as different species .
Genetic variability within hominid species , and uncertainties in fossil reconstruction or geological dating , make some of the species distinctions controversial .
In all hominids , males are larger than females , and adults are larger than juveniles , although these sex and age differences vary across species .
These distinctive , within species variations in age and sex complicate the problem of distinguishing one species from another on the basis of fragmentary fossil evidence .
Academic debates about how to interpret the evidence are sometimes driven by career , partisan or political considerations : researchers have been known to hoard fossils they have discovered to extract the maximum career advantage or ideological leverage .
In my view , the reliability of the overall picture of human descent and geographic dispersal should console us for the remaining uncertainties .
Indeed , the variety discovered in the fossils , and the diversity of expert judgments as to how the variety in the fossils should be interpreted , together illustrate the physical and cultural divergences that seem characteristic of all human existence , then as now .
Fossils document the coexistence of clearly different hominid species over the last 2 million years  sometimes in adjacent or overlapping geographic regions .
Homo erectus and Homo habilis coexisted in Africa , probably in different ecological niches , for almost 500,000 years .
How these different species may have interacted , interbred or contested for resources is unclear .
More recently , the disappearance within about 20,000 years of Homo neanderthalensis , as Homo sapiens migrated from the Middle East into Europe , may have been only the uncontested and opportunistic replacement of one species by another , as some climate evidence suggests .
Or it may have been the outcome of a protracted racial struggle , as the many historical instances of predatory wars , genocide and slavery make all too plausible .
The genetic evidence of interbreeding between the species is consistent with the common practice in ancient Eurasian cultures of the sexual and labor exploitation of the defeated .
The possible tensions between coexistence and competition is a key missing piece in the story of human evolution , especially as this relates to species succession within the same geographic area , the rapid pace of human dispersal into new geographic areas , and episodes of interbreeding as lineages met after long separation .
What Is the Human " Family Tree " ?
Evolutionary biologists use a cladogram , the treelike diagram of evolutionary branches or clades , to organize species into lines of evolutionary descent across time .
Biologists use three types of evidence to deduce evolutionary connections : genetics , morphology , and geologic dating .
( Behavior , normally a key part of evolutionary studies , can only be inferred in extinct species  for example , by examining the ecology in which the species flourished and the species adaptations for eating and locomotion . )
Analyses of primate fossils and the genetic relatedness of living primates converge to the conclusion that humans and chimpanzees branched from a common ancestor about 7 million years ago .
DNA recovered from several uncontaminated Neanderthalensis fossils indicated that modern humans and extinct neanderthals diverged about 400,000 years ago ; but more recent studies show that they must have interbred within Europe or the Middle East since then .
Genetic samples collected from indigenous populations around the world indicate that the ancestors of the world human population diverged from the indigenous African population about 200,000 years ago .
These studies also provide remarkably detailed evidence for subsequent waves of human migration , including a final migration out of Africa around 90,000 years ago by the first humans similar to ourselves .
The rest of the puzzle must be deduced from morphology ( physical form , as reconstructed from the bones ) and geologic dating .
" Absolute " fossil dating can be quite reliable for fossils buried within intact rocks , but for fossils found exposed on the surface , or buried within alluvial or eroded deposits , dates can be grossly conjectural .
And morphology becomes a subtle interpretation when the available fossils are crushed and incomplete , or collated from different fragmentary fossils found in different geographic locations .
The cladogram for human evolution shown above currently lacks key pieces of evidence .
For that reason I have omitted several descent connections in the diagram , although the species distinctions and time spans shown in the diagram appear to be adequately documented .
Note that there is no dispute whatsoever among biologists that all these different species should be interconnected as a single branching history or " family tree " of hominid descent .
The diagram simply indicates that we lack sufficient evidence , at present , to state with confidence where and when those branchings occurred .
These are some of the most interesting but currently unanswered questions about human descent : ( 1 ) Does Homo ergaster or Homo habilis have chronological priority as the earlier hominid in a single line of descent to modern humans , or ( more likely ) were these separate and coexisting hominid lines by about 2 million years ago ?
( 2 ) Is Homo ergaster a distinct species , or an African variant of early Homo erectus ?
( 3 ) Are the ( mostly African ) examples of Homo erectus descended from Homo ergaster ; or are they either ( a ) descended from Homo habilis or ( b ) descended from the same ancestor as Homo habilis ?
( 4 ) Do the ( mostly Asian ) fossils of Homo erectus represent a single species that lived for 2 million years or a sequence of species flourishing around 1.6 million , 1.2 million and 200,000 years ago ?
( 5 ) Is archaic Homo sapiens ( Homo antecessor or Homo heidelbergensis ) descended directly from Homo ergaster and coexisting with Homo erectus , or is it a branching out of Homo erectus ?
These questions can only be answered with more complete fossils from the period 2.5 to 1.0 million years ago , which have so far eluded discovery .
What Is the Fossil Evidence ?
Hominid fossil remains are precious .
Complete skeletons are extraordinarily rare before recent times .
Teeth and lower jaws , and the facial and upper cranial bones of the skull , are the most common fossils to survive from any period .
Skulls are almost never found intact but must be reconstructed from fragments .
Thigh bones are next most often retrieved , while remains of the feet , hands , pelvis or spine are extremely rare .
Specific behavioral conclusions require specific parts of the skeleton .
For example , adaptation for a crouching or upright posture can be inferred from the connection of the spine to the skull , but bipedalism ( habitual walking on two legs ) requires evidence from bones involved in the thigh , knee , or foot joints .
An opposable thumb requires evidence from wrist or hand bones .
Skulls are used as evidence for the evolution of The Hominid Brain .
Endocasts ( models of the inside of a skull ) offer good evidence for the size and shape of the brain that was in the skull , and brain anatomy is sometimes ( tenuously ) used to infer the cognitive capabilities of the different species ; cognitive abilities can also be inferred from the skills required to make fire and manufacture Hominid Tools .
A diet with nuts , including pistachios , significantly lowered total and LDL - cholesterol levels , in addition to triglycerides , a new study found .
The finding , published earlier this month in the Archives of Internal Medicine , confirms other evidence that nuts can help reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease , researchers said .
The report was authored by Joan SabatÃ© of Loma Linda University 's School of Public Health , and the research was funded by the International Tree Nut Council Nutrition Research & Education Foundation .
! ADVERTISEMENT !
" Enjoying a handful or two of in - shell pistachios may provide significant heart health benefits , " said Martin Yadrick , past - president of the American Dietetic Association .
" They are known to also improve blood vessel function , blood sugar control , act as potent antioxidant and offer weight management benefits , all of which are important for improving heart health . "
The study , published in Archives of Internal Medicine , involved a review of research conducted in seven counties and involved 600 subjects and 25 clinical trials .
It is said to be the most comprehensive study of its kind .
The analysis included data from 583 men and women , aged 19 to 86 years old .
Among the studies , nut consumption ranged from less than one ounce to 4.75 ounces per day .
The average daily intake for the meta - analysis was 67 grams per day or 2.4 ounces .
The results found that when 67 grams of nuts were consumed , triglycerides were reduced by 10.2 percent among those with high triglyceride levels at the onset of the study ; and total and LDL - cholesterol were lowered by 5.1 percent and 7.4 percent , respectively .
Individuals with higher baseline LDL - cholesterol levels also experienced a greater reduction in total and LDL - cholesterol levels compared to those with normal baseline LDL levels .
Subjects following a typical Western - diet also experienced a greater reduction in total and LDL - cholesterol levels ( - 7.4 percent and - 9.6 percent , respectively ) compared to a low - fat ( - 4.1 percent and - 6.0 percent , respectively ) or a Mediterranean diet ( - 4.1 percent and - 6.0 percent , respectively ) .
Link to original article
Link to published study in Archives of Internal Medicine
I ’m not sure how many TWB readers are NBA fans , but me and Ninjasmoker are big hoop fans , and we just got done watching the NBA Finals ( game 5 ) .
At half time we started talking about how basketball and marijuana go hand - in - hand for some reason , because it seems like so many NBA players consume marijuana .
I remember listening to a classic rock station a few years back , and it was airing an interview with Tommy Chong .
When asked who his favorite celebrities are , he said that he really likes basketball players ; especially Kareem Abdul - Jabbar .
He said he smoked with him often , and that Kareem estimated 80 % of the NBA smoked pot ( including non-player staff ) .
I , of course , am not Tommy Chong or Kareem Abdul - Jabbar ( I wish ) , so I do n’t know how valid the interview statement was , but it does n’t surprise me .
As a life long Portland Trailblazer fan ( TWB is in Oregon ) , I have seen some of the biggest stoners in NBA history up close .
Whenever a conversation turns to the topic of ‘ marijuana in the NBA , ’ it is inevitable that Damon Stoudamire ’s name comes up .
One famous incident involved Damon trying to smuggle marijuana through an airport security checkpoint .
Believe it or not , the security agents found his marijuana wrapped in aluminum foil using standard METAL DETECTION equipment … who would have thought the narcs would be able to crack such a fail proof method ??
On another occasion , cops came to search Damon ’s house as part of a home security system breach , and found a pound of marijuana in a ‘ crawl space . ’
Charges were dropped in both cases ; the foil case ended up being dropped after drug tests and probation ( must be nice ) , and the house case was dropped due to an illegal search .
Damon was also caught riding home with Rasheed Wallace , another Trailblazer , and cited for marijuana possession .
The two players were on their way to Portland after a game in Seattle … BC Buds anyone ?
It was n’t the first time two NBA players were cited for marijuana at the same incident .
A couple years earlier , then Portland Trailblazer Isaiah Rider was cited along with current Laker Lamar Odom for marijuana possession at a private residence in Oakland , California .
This came after an incident in Portland where Isaiah Rider was cited for marijuana possession and paraphernalia after his car was searched during a traffic stop , and officers found a nug and a ‘ modified pop can . ’
You gotta love Isaiah Rider — making millions of dollars a year , yet smoking in the same fashion as me at the time …
I was in middle school , making chump change selling dime bags and firecrackers to rookies …
Former Portland Trailblazer forwards Qyntel Woods and Zach Randolph were also cited for marijuana possession while playing ball in Portland .
Qyntel Woods is famous around Oregon for getting pulled over , and rather than give the officer his license , he presented a basketball card of himself saying , ‘ This is me … you know me … ’
Zach Randolph is currently defending allegations that he was the financier for a multi-state marijuana selling ring .
While my Portland Trailblazers are an exceptional bunch of marijuana offenders , they are by no means the only ones in the NBA that liked to toke down .
A simple Google search of marijuana brings up all kinds of stories .
My favorite quote was from Richard Dumas , a former guard for the Phoenix Suns that was banned from the NBA .
” If they tested for pot , there would be no league . ”
One of the coolest things I saw this year was when I took my wife to see the Trailblazers play the Denver Nuggets , and there were dozens of signs that read , ‘ BLAZE THOSE NUGGETS . ’
Man , do I love Oregon …
Zoff bei der Linkspartei " Es ist ein geiles Gefühl , dich am Boden zu sehen "
Berichte über interne Querelen tut die Linkspartei gern als Erfindungen ab .
Umso vernichtender ist nun die Bilanz ihrer eigenen Bundesschiedskommission : Das höchste Parteigericht musste nach SPIEGEL - Informationen mehr als 257 Verfahren bewältigen - sie offenbaren Intrigen und Denunziationen .
to correct spelling of Professor Buck ’s name .
Edward L. Glaeser is an economics professor at Harvard .
Should teachers be paid more if their students ’ test scores improve ?
States that want access to federal funds through the Department of Education ’s Race to the Top program must make teacher evaluations “ that take into account data on student growth , ” then use those evaluations to inform decisions on “ compensating , promoting , and retaining teachers and principals . ”
Will financial incentives make our teachers more effective , or will they be yet another educational fad that comes and goes and signifies nothing ?
On Thursday and Friday of last week , Harvard ’s Program on Education Policy and Governance , which is affiliated with the Taubman Center for State and Local Government that I direct , held a two - day conference on teacher merit pay .
I remain convinced that Race to the Top was wise to include a push for merit pay , because it shakes up the compensation status quo , which is both rigid and replete with bonuses for things , like graduate degrees , that are statistically unrelated to student outcomes .
But I left the conference with little confidence in the transformative power of a federal push for merit pay .
I still believe that teachers , like pretty much everyone else , respond to incentives .
There are a number of compelling papers showing that teacher incentives can significantly affect student achievement .
Ten years ago , Israel ’s Department of Education instituted a pay - for - performance program in poorly performing schools .
Victor Lavy , a distinguished labor economist , evaluated the program and found students who were exposed to incentivized teachers passed more tests and earned more academic credits .
Karthik Muralidharan and Venkatesh Sundararaman looked at an even more ambitious program in India .
Three hundred Indian schools were randomized into three equally sized groups .
In the first group , teachers received incentives for improving their own students ’ performance .
In the second group , the payout was tied to the performance of the entire school .
The third group was the control .
Scores rose significantly in both groups with incentives , relative to the control group , and individual incentives were more effective than school - level incentives .
Test scores rose 68 percent more when the cash payments were tied to the teacher rather than the school .
So why am I skeptical about the Department of Education ’s push for merit pay ?
The problem is that any top - down push for incentives is easily subverted at the local level .
A paper by Jay Greene and Stuart Buck provides a bevy of examples where schools said they had adopted merit pay , but in reality did anything but .
Professors Buck and Greene write of one instance in Arizona : “ Algebra teachers were being rewarded merely for getting students to learn 10 percent more about algebra than they knew before studying that subject at all .
This is not a high hurdle to clear . ”
As a result , they write , “ even when a state creates a statewide merit pay program and legally bars spending the money on anything else , local school districts may still end up spending the funding on regular salaries unconnected to merit pay or on so - called merit pay programs with absurdly low standards for what constitutes ‘ merit . ’ ”
The famed work of Brian Jacob and Steven Levitt on teacher cheating provides yet another example of how ill - designed incentives can go awry .
If the people on the ground do n’t want an incentive system , they will have little desire to provide the necessary safeguards to prevent cheating that overturns that system .
Jim Stergios , the executive director of the Pioneer Institute , a public - policy research organization in Boston , discussed the paper by Professors Buck and Greene at the conference and made the quite reasonable point that it makes more sense to start with incentives for principals .
Unless school leaders want change , they wo n’t appropriately administer any system providing incentives for teachers .
A vast body of evidence now documents the differences in effectiveness among teachers , even when those teachers face the same weak incentives .
This suggests that schools could improve dramatically , even without any merit pay , if highly motivated principals had the resources to attract the best teachers and the strength to move the worst ones into other sectors .
According to this view , the biggest role of student test scores may be to ensure that decisions about teacher retention are made wisely and fairly .
But it is quite possible to be both skeptical about the efficacy of any top - down Washington - led push for merit pay and to think Race to the Top did a good thing by raising the issue .
In some cases , local leaders have long wanted pay - for - performance , and the Race to the Top helped give them credibility .
At the very least , the program brought incentives up for discussion , and no economist can really be against that .
Sony has officially unveiled the third game in the MotorStorm series , which takes place during the apocalyptic disintegration of an unnamed American city .
MotorStorm : Apocalypse will be a PlayStation 3 exclusive and is due out in early 2011 .
" So we 're just saying 2011 .
Probably first quarter 2011 , " game director Matt Southern told Eurogamer while we were doing a massive hands - on preview of the game .
Apocalypse takes place in a city smacked about by earthquakes , into which three characters have been thrown for a 48 - hour - long MotorStorm festival .
You 'll get to play as each of them over the 6 - 8 hour campaign - the Rookie , the Survivor and the Veteran .
You 'll still get involved in muscle cars , buggies , big rigs and mud pluggers among others , but races will be unrepeatable one - off events that feed into the campaign narrative .
The city itself will fall apart around you , too , and damage will be persistent , so if you revisit areas for subsequent races later on you 'll be forced to revisit terrain in whatever state you left it .
The city 's not empty either - there are factions , including a private military corporation , who may attack you as you race .
Developer Evolution Studios has said to expect the traditional multiple routes that made MotorStorm stand out originally , although has admitted that variations may not be as much about " spectacle " as tactical choice .
Beyond the campaign , " Wreckreaction " mode has Call of Duty - style levelling , where you can earn experience points and wager them against results , along with perks ( split across handling , boost and combat categories - many earned by completing in - race objectives ) .
Wreckreaction will include multiplayer modes but can also be played offline .
In terms of multiplayer , Apocalypse will support 16 players online , and four - player split - screen locally .
Rather excellently , four of you playing split - screen can go online as a group from the same console .
Multiplayer will also be bolstered by a game mode creator .
Using a kind of sentence - based construction format ( if ... then ... ) you will be able to define rulesets and then share them online with others .
Check out our hulking great MotorStorm : Apocalypse hands - on preview for way more detail , and do n't forget to check out our MotorStorm : Apocalypse screenshot gallery .
I recently wrote a blog called 386,170 unhelpful things about the messages that I get from the world about my body .
While I was researching it , some of the messages I heard were :
386,170 Unhelpful
Things I recently undertook a decidedly unscientific experiment to catalog a sample of what messages I get Read more
Advertisement
" Fat is n't sexy , it 's a fact . "
" Men just do n't want obese women "
" Everybody knows you can't be healthy and obese "
I do n't know about you , but I do n't enjoy getting those messages from society , it 's frustrating and it hurts my feelings .
Advertisement
Today while perusing some " size positive " blogs I found the following comments :
" Stick women just are n't sexy , it 's just gross . "
" What man would want a twig anyway ? "
" It 's just impossible to be healthy when you are that thin , you have to be anorexic or a drug addict to look like that " " Real women are curvy and LOOK like women "
I absolutely understand why people in the size positive community say things like this .
It 's rare to see people on television and in commercials who look like us and that can be frustrating .
We 're getting hundreds of thousands of negative messages about our bodies every year and we are tired , angry , and hurt .
People with no health credentials feel completely justified in making assumptions about our health .
Doctors make the same mistaken assumptions .
It 's easy to transfer our frustration onto the people who represent " the other side " .
Sometimes you 've just taken all you can stand and you feel like you have to lash out .
I get it – I really do , I 've been there .
That being said :
Knock it off .
Seriously .
If we want people to treat us with respect when it comes to our bodies , we should probably take a pass on bashing other people about their bodies .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
If we want people to take a good , hard look at their size prejudices , we should take a good , hard look at our own .
Health at Every Size means health at EVERY size .
If we purport that some people are naturally larger , then it follows that some people are naturally smaller .
It astounds me that someone who screams " IT'S NOT FAIR " when they are judged as unhealthy because of their size would turn around and do the same thing to someone else .
Advertisement
I want a world of body positivity .
A world where everyone is treated with respect and dignity , where everyone knows that they are beautiful , and receives acknowledgment of that from society .
Nobody should be treated the way that fat people are currently being treated in our culture .
Nobody .
So I want change , but not if it means treating thin people like fat people are treated now – that 's too high a price to pay .
I believe that if you say that you want a size positive world , you have to mean size positive for everyone .
That means not making judgments about others based on their size ; sticking up for the model being called anorexic with the same fervor you would use to defend a fat women being called lazy ; respecting other people 's decisions when it comes to their bodies – even when you do n't agree with them .
Advertisement
That 's what it means to be the change you want to see in the world .
Trying to hurt someone else in the same way that you 've been hurt never works .
You can't improve your self - esteem by diminishing someone else 's .
In the end you wo n't feel better and now there are two people in pain .
Advertisement
If you want to lash out do something really radical , something that really takes courage : respect every body like it was your own .
This post originally appeared on Dances With Fat .
Republished with permission .
Immerse Yourself in a Colourful World
The PANTONE HOTEL invites you to experience the city of Brussels through a lens of color and a spectrum of comforts .
From the moment you arrive , our “ hotel of colors ” will awaken your senses to an array of delights and playful surprises .
Impeccably designed by Michel Penneman and Olivier Hannaert , The PANTONE HOTEL , Brussels showcases the color of emotion with a distinctive hue on each colorous guest floor .
From vivid to subdued , for business or leisure , our unique boutique design hotel perfectly suits your savvy palette and colorful imagination .
From a design perspective , The PANTONE HOTEL , Brussels is built on an exceptional use of contrast ; a white canvas provides clean space for saturated colors to pop .
Guest rooms feature unique photography by esteemed Belgian photographer Victor Levy .
Welcome to the center of the color universe .
Explore Our Rooms
By Nick Triggle
Health reporter , BBC News
Priority groups and health workers have been offered the vaccine
The NHS has more than 34 million unused doses of swine flu vaccine despite agreeing deals to break its contracts .
The UK government had signed deals with two firms - Baxter and GlaxoSmithKline - for more than 120 m doses of the jabs .
But just 44 m will now be bought as cases have petered out since December .
Of these , 6 m have already been used and 3.8 m is being sent to help Africa .
Ministers said the renegotiated deal was good value , but the Tories said millions of pounds had been wasted .
This is a careless waste of precious NHS money
Andrew Lansley , shadow health secretary
Of the nearly 44 m vaccines that the UK has agreed to pay for , 6 m have already been used on priority groups and health workers , while 3.8 m are being handed to the World Health Organization for Africa .
Of the rest , 10.6 m is already with GPs who will be ready to act if more people entitled to the jab come forward .
But the remaining 23.6 m will be held in reserve .
Estimates have put the value of the stockpile at between £ 100 m to £ 150 m , although the government has refused to confirm cost saying it was commercially confidential .
Health Secretary Andy Burnham said : " I am pleased we have reached an agreement that is good value for the taxpayer and means that the department has retained a strategic stockpile to protect the UK population without incurring a cancellation fee . "
It is also possible the vaccine could be used to combat seasonal flu this winter as it is thought the swine flu virus will become the dominant strain .
Under the terms of the deal with GSK , the government is also purchasing anti-flu drugs as well as bird flu vaccine .
These will be held in reserve in case a completely different pandemic emerges .
Shadow health secretary Andrew Lansley said : " This is a careless waste of precious NHS money .
Labour failed to ensure there were proper break clauses in the contracts which means that British taxpayers have got an extremely bad deal . "
Liberal Democrat health spokesman Norman Lamb added : " Today 's announcement underscores the need for a thorough independent examination of how the NHS responded to the swine flu pandemic . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Another Storm Of The Century ( Of The Week )
By Marcus Gilmer in News on Jun 24 , 2010 3:00 PM
Another round of severe thunderstorms rumbled through the area yesterday evening , causing flooding , street closures , minor damage , heavy traffic delays , power outages , and even spurring a few tornado warnings as sirens across the city wailed .
Once the storms moved on , though , we were left with a glowing , golden sky above and a gorgeous rainbow to the east .
Enjoy these reader - submitted photos from our Flickr pool and , after the jump , check out amazing video of the storm over downtown shot by reader Craig Shimala .
Lighting strikes three of the tallest buildings in Chicago at the same time ! from Craig Shimala on Vimeo .
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Israel seems to stumble from one crisis to the next these days .
As the government continues to reel in the aftermath of the botched raid on the international aid flotilla two weeks ago , it now has a new crisis to deal with – this time with one of its last two remaining friends in Europe : Poland and Germany .
The capture of the so - called Mossad agent Uri Brodsky in Warsaw for allegedly assisting the assassins of Hamas arch - terrorist Mahmoud al - Mabhouh in Dubai six months ago raises several serious questions regarding the Mossad and its handling of this latest affair .
First , if the 43 - year - old Brodsky is in fact a Mossad agent – as appears to be the case according to the media reports originating in Germany – then why was he flying with a passport for which an international arrest warrant had been issued ?
Did the Mossad not know that Germany had issued such a warrant , and if not , why not ?
Second , the affair casts a worrisome light on Israel ’s relations with Poland and especially with Germany .
While those relations have been hailed in recent years as tighter than ever , the arrest of a Mossad agent by Poland and on behalf of Germany could deal a blow to those ties .
The fact that the affair reached the press in and of itself demonstrates a possible failure by Israel , if the Mossad was involved , as foreign reports suggest .
In the Mossad there is a branch called Tevel , which is in charge of forging ties with other foreign espionage agencies , such as the CIA in the United States , Poland ’s Agencja Wywiadu ( AW ) and Germany ’s Bundesnachrichtendienst , more commonly referred to as the BND .
According to various media reports , Brodsky , the alleged Mossad spy , was arrested by Polish authorities after he tried entering the country 10 days ago .
If true , that is , if the Mossad was involved and its Tevel branch did not succeed during the past ten days in discreetly securing his release , this could mean that something went wrong in the dialogue between the agencies .
In addition , Germany could have easily copied Australia ’s and England ’s responses to the use of passports in the Mabhouh assassination by expelling the Mossad representative .
In England ’s case it was reported that , while the Mossad representative was expelled , he has not been declared a persona non grata , which means that one day he may return to London .
The fact that Germany decided not to do this but to instead issue an arrest warrant for an Israeli speaks for itself .
All of the above calls for a reexamination of the Mabhouh assassination .
While the operation was successful – Mabhouh is dead and no Israeli agents were caught in Dubai – it has caused Israel immense diplomatic damage .
It has also revealed some of the techniques used by the Mossad – if the Mossad was in fact behind the assassination – when operating overseas , particularly the way it deploys and disguises its agents as well as its policy of borrowing passports and identities of dual citizens .
If Israel was behind the assassination , it will now have to ask itself whether it was all worth it .
This article will demonstrate how to change text in Vim ' without using a register ' .
Whenever you yank ( y ) , change ( c ) or delete ( d ) something in Vim , it goes into a register .
These registers can be used to keep track of your changes .
If you change or delete a line without using a named register , Vim still saves those changes in registers that are referenced by numbers 1 through 9 .
By line , I mean changes that are done to a whole line such as dd and cc .
Each time you change or delete a line , the contents of these 1 - 9 registers will shift down and you will lose the contents of the last register whenever it goes beyond the last position of this stack .
You will still have access to the changes via the undo ( u ) command , but you wo n't be able to access them via these registers .
The last modification is also saved in a default register called " .
The default register also holds any yanks , changes or deletes that you do to parts of a line , such as words .
To view the contents of all your registers , use the : register command .
Now , to put ( p ) text in Vim , you can specify from which register you want the contents to be retrieved from .
For example , with " ap , you will put the contents of register a in the text .
But , if you do not specify a register ( by using just p ) , Vim will take the contents of the default " register .
It can therefore get a bit cumbersome to delete some text with d ( by not specifying a named register ) that you want to place somewhere else and have to delete other text in between before placing your text where you want .
This is because , as stated earlier , once you make other modifications ( y , c , d ) in between , these changes will go into the default " register and you will lose your original contents .
black hole register :
When writing to this register , nothing happens .
This can be used to delete text without affecting the normal registers .
When reading from this register , nothing is returned .
{not in Vi}
Whenever you yank , change or delete into this register , the modifications do not go into the " register .
In fact , they do not go into any register !
This means that you can delete some text using d that you plan to move somewhere else ( without specifying a named register ) , delete some other text in between into this black hole register , and then put the contents of your original deletion where you want it via p ( again , without specifying a named register ) .
To prevent this , you can use the so called Whenever you yank , change or delete into this register , the modifications do not go into theregister .
In fact , they do not go into any register !
This means that you can delete some text usingthat you plan to move somewhere else ( without specifying a named register ) , delete some other text in between into this black hole register , and then put the contents of your original deletion where you want it via( again , without specifying a named register ) .
This black hole register is referenced by _
As an example , if you delete with " _d , the changes will not go into any register and you can only get them back via undos ( u ) .
But now , you will still have access to the contents of your default " register .
key :
: map < leader >b " _
Now you can delete a word into the black box register with \bw ( assuming your leader key is set to the default \ ) , delete 5 words with \ b5dw or change 3 words \bc3w .
Update As Ben Orenstein correctly pointed out in the comments , Vim also saves your last yank in the 0 register .
This means that you can yank text ( without using a named register ) , delete some text in between and then paste the previously yanked text with " 0 p .
Thanks for this excellent tip Ben !
Finally , it 's best to map the " _ key sequence so that it 's easier to type in .
In the following example , I am mapping it via the
Megan
Fox has admitted that she is " furious " that topless images of her surfaced on the internet earlier this year .
The actress , who was photographed shooting scenes for the film Passion Play , has insisted that she is not seeking attention and is angered that the paparazzi would pursue her while working on a closed film set .
Speaking to Allure , the 24 - year - old said : " If I knew who took this picture , I would personally cause them harm .
Physical harm .
" I 'm not a f** king reality TV star that 's courting the paparazzi and wants my f**king picture taken all the time .
" I 'm at my job and I 'm trying to play a character and I 'm trying to be serious , and this is the s**t that 's happening to me .
It makes me furious ! "
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
by | |
Whenever I give a public talk for a general audience , I always focus on the question , “ Why is it okay for some countries to have nuclear weapons , but not for others ? ”
Someone asked that question this morning on The Diane Rehm Show today in reference to Iran — note to the caller , it is not a stupid question — and former Undersecretary of State Nick Burns tried to answer it .
He flubbed it , badly .
Burns basically asserted that the five permanent members of the Security Council won World War II and wrote the Nonproliferation Treaty ( NPT ) .
( I was driving , but I expect the transcript will be on the Diane Rehm Show website . )
I nearly drove off the road .
This is both wrong and , I happen to think , a stupid answer .
The fact that the five permanent members ( P5 ) of the Security Council also happen to be the five “ nuclear weapon states ” ( NWS ) under the NPT is an unhappy accident .
Recall that the Security Council was created in 1946 , when the Chinese seat was occupied by the government we know today as Taiwan ( The Republic of China ) .
Most analysts , if they worried about the spread of nuclear weapons in 1946 , assumed that the determining factor would be technological capability , and no one put “ Red China ” near the top of list of likely aspirants .
The Nonproliferation Treaty was n’t opened for signature for another twenty - two years — in July 1968 .
There is a long story for another time about how the US came to support nonproliferation as a foreign policy goal , but a fair summary is that the Chinese bomb really got people ’s attention .
It seemed many countries were going nuclear .
There was a sense , expressed in the Gilpatric Report , that this madness needed to stop .
As a result , the NPT drew a temporal boundary :
The formal criteria that it stated for recognition of being a weapons states was having “ manufactured and exploded a nuclear weapon or other nuclear explosive device prior to 1 January 1967 . ”
It ’s like BC and AD , but the crucial event is a negotiation , rather than some supernatural phenomenon in or around a manger .
The fact that , today , the P5 and the NWS are the same is just an unfortunate coincidence .
If Israel had tested the nuclear weapon it almost certainly had in 1966 , it would have been “ in ” the club .
Same for India , had it moved more expeditiously .
Moreover , France may have been a Security Council member and nuclear - armed in 1968 , but it refused to sign the NPT until 1992 .
And although “ China ” signed , it was still the Republic of China .
The PRC , which tested a nuclear weapon in 1964 and took its UNSC seat in 1971 , also refused to sign the NPT ( just like France ) until 1992 .
As you can see , the arbitrary distinction had nothing to do with Security Council membership — indeed , one of the better arguments for Security Council reform is that the unfortunate coincidence of the P5 also being the NPT nuclear weapons states gives rather the wrong impression .
Apparently , the coincidence can mislead seasoned professionals like Burns — he was the third ranking official in the State Department , for Christ ’s sake !
And , of course , the coincidence feeds the tendentious argument out of places like Tehran that we used to hear from Paris and Beijing — that the NPT is a just a victor ’s peace or a naked atomic power grab .
It ’s kind of a bummer to learn that Burns believes that drivel .
On the other hand , this does explain Burns ’s advocacy of the US - India nuclear deal .
If the NPT is just some victor ’s peace , why not make room for India ?
Of course , the argument against the US - India nuclear deal , and for the NPT , was that some line had to be drawn .
It is hardly ideal , but can you think of another taxonomy that does n’t result in dozens of nuclear - armed countries ?
Which is the answer Burns should have given : Early on , we thought nuclear weapons were good if our allies had them , bad if our enemies had them .
Then we figured out this would lead to a world where everyone had nuclear weapons , which seemed like a bad idea when Mao joined the club .
Since it was already too late — some states already had nuclear weapons — the obvious bargain ( among others ) was that no more nuclear weapons states would be permitted after the NPT , while those that had come before would make good faith efforts toward disarmament .
It ’s imperfect , but I struggle to think of a better approach .
Each civilization gets one nuclear - armed representative ?
Each language group ?
Each continent ?
The ten most populous countries ?
The ten richest ?
Nope , January 1 , 1967 , anno nonproliferata .
Sure , maybe a date certain for disarmament might have been a nice touch , but the NPT was negotiated at the height of the Cold War when the whole Global Zero crowd still believed in nuclear deterrence .
Although there have been cheaters , holdouts and too little progress on disarmament , overall the treaty has worked very well as part of a broader international effort to restrain the further spread of nuclear weapons .
The treaty itself has attained almost universal adherence ( 189 down , 3 to go† ) and there is a strong norm against nuclear acquisition and use , something deeply in the US interest .
If the NPT did n’t exist , we ’d be feverishly trying to negotiate it .
I could understand if Burns simply disagreed about the success of the treaty , or doubted its longevity , or really wanted to build an alliance with India to contain China .
These are dubious propositions , but hardy perennials for a certain type of Washington geopolitician skeptical of the value of institutions .
But to blow a giant hole in the NPT without the slightest clue to what it is all about or how it came to be ?
That fairly galls me .
† Let ’s just not get into counting North Korean and whether we recognize Pyonyang ’s withdrawal .
Update | 10:34 pm 15 June 2010
You can listen to the segment here .
LONDON 
In a grisly case that British newspapers have compared to the Yorkshire Ripper murders of the 1970s , the police on Thursday charged a 40 - year - old man pursuing a Ph.D. in 19th - century homicides with the murders of three women identified by the police as prostitutes .
One victim was caught on closed - circuit television last week being killed with a crossbow shot to the head before her dismembered body was dumped in a nearby river .
The man charged with the killings , Stephen Griffiths , is a former van driver with a psychology degree who was enrolled in a postgraduate course in criminology .
The Times of London reported that he had told a neighbor in Bradford , the rundown industrial city in West Yorkshire where he lived until his arrest on Monday , that he was studying for “ a Ph.D. in murder and Jack the Ripper , ” the pseudonym given to the unidentified serial killer of prostitutes in London ’s Whitechapel slum district in the 1880s .
Image A police diver searched the River Aire in Shipley , West Yorkshire , after a woman ’s remains were found on Tuesday .
Credit ... Andrew Yates / Agence France - Presse — Getty Images
But it was the resonance of another serial murder case involving a man from the Bradford area that helped make the latest killings a newspaper sensation .
In a case that terrorized much of northern England and led to years of inquiries about police investigative failures , Peter Sutcliffe , the so - called Yorkshire Ripper , was convicted in 1981 of murdering 13 women , including several prostitutes , and of attempting to murder 7 others .
A boat captain working to rescue sea turtles in the Gulf of Mexico said he saw BP ships burning sea turtles and other wildlife alive , myFOXtampabay.com reported late Tuesday .
Captain Mike Ellis said in an interview posted on You Tube that the boats were conducting controlled burns to get rid of the oil .
" They drag a boom between two shrimp boats , and whatever gets caught between the two boats , they circle it up and catch it on fire .
Once the turtles are in there , they ca n’t get out , " Ellis said .
Ellis said he had to cut short his three - week trip rescuing the turtles because BP quit allowing him access to rescue turtles before the burns .
" They 're pretty much keeping us from doing what we need to do out there , " Ellis said .
Other reports corroborate Captain Ellis ' claims .
A report in the Los Angeles Times described " burn fields " of 500 square miles in which 16 controlled burns will take place in one day .
" When the weather is calm and the sea is placid , ships trailing fireproof booms corral the black oil , the coated seaweed and whatever may be caught in it , and torch it ... " the report said .
Ellis said most of the turtles he saw were Kemps Ridley turtles , a critically endangered species .
Harming or killing one would bring stiff civil and criminal penalties and fines of up to $ 50,000 against BP .
Read more at MyFoxTampaBay.com .
( Newser ) – Remember word problems ?
Those cute math class constructions where you learn a skill through real - world examples ?
Well an Alabama geometry teacher got a little too real for the Secret Service , when he used the hypothetical assassination of Barack Obama to teach his high school students about angles .
“ He said , ' If you 're in this building , you would need to take this angle to shoot the president , ” one student told the Birmingham News .
The Secret Service questioned the teacher , but did n't take him into custody or charge him with a crime .
“ We did not find a credible threat , ” one agent said .
The school says it does n't plan to fire the teacher .
But “ we are going to have a long conversation with him about what 's appropriate , ” says the superintendent .
“ It was extremely poor judgment on his part , a poor choice of words . ”
( Read more assassination stories . )
WASHINGTON — White flight ?
In a reversal , America 's suburbs are now more likely to be home to minorities , the poor and a rapidly growing older population as many younger , educated whites move to cities for jobs and shorter commutes .
An analysis of 2000 - 2008 census data by the Brookings Institution highlights the demographic " tipping points " seen in the past decade and the looming problems in the 100 largest metropolitan areas , which represent two - thirds of the U.S. population .
The findings could offer an important road map as political parties , including the tea party movement , seek to win support in suburban battlegrounds in the fall elections and beyond .
In 2008 , Barack Obama carried a substantial share of the suburbs , partly with the help of minorities and immigrants .
The analysis being released Sunday provides the freshest detail on the nation 's growing race and age divide , which is now feeding tensions in Arizona over its new immigration law .
Ten states , led by Arizona , surpass the nation in a " cultural generation gap " in which the senior populations are disproportionately white and children are mostly minority .
This gap is pronounced in suburbs of fast - growing areas in the Southwest , including those in Florida , California , Nevada , and Texas .
" A new metro map is emerging in the U.S. that challenges conventional thinking about where we live and work , " said Alan Berube , research director with the Metropolitan Policy Program at Brookings , a nonpartisan think - tank based in Washington .
" The old concepts of suburbia , Sun Belt and Rust Belt are outdated and at odds with effective governance . "
Suburbs still tilt white .
But , for the first time , a majority of all racial and ethnic groups in large metro areas live outside the city .
Suburban Asians and Hispanics already had topped 50 percent in 2000 , and blacks joined them by 2008 , rising from 43 percent in those eight years .
The suburbs now have the largest poor population in the country .
They are home to the vast majority of baby boomers age 55 to 64 , a fast - growing group that will strain social services after the first wave of boomers turns 65 next year .
Analysts attribute the racial shift to suburbs in many cases to substantial shares of minorities leaving cities , such as blacks from New Orleans in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in 2005 .
Whites , too , are driving the trend by returning or staying put in larger cities .
Washington , D.C. , and Atlanta posted the largest increases in white share since 2000 , each up 5 percentage points to 44 percent and 36 percent , respectively .
Other white gains were seen in New York , San Francisco , Boston and cities in another seven of the nation 's 100 largest metro areas .
" A new image of urban America is in the making , " said William H. Frey , a demographer at Brookings who co-wrote the report .
" What used to be white flight to the suburbs is turning into ' bright flight ' to cities that have become magnets for aspiring young adults who see access to knowledge - based jobs , public transportation and a new city ambiance as an attraction . "
" This will not be the future for all cities , but this pattern in front runners like Atlanta , Portland , Ore. , Raleigh , N.C. , and Austin , Texas , shows that the old urban stereotypes no longer apply , " he said .
The findings are part of Brookings ' broad demographic portrait of America since 2000 , when the country experienced the attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 , a historic boom in housing prices and the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression .
Calling 2010 the " decade of reckoning , " the report urges policymakers to shed outdated notions of America 's cities and suburbs and work quickly to address the coming problems caused by the dramatic shifts in population .
Among its recommendations : affordable housing and social services for older people in the suburbs ; better transit systems to link cities and suburbs ; and a new federal Office of New Americans to serve the education and citizenship needs of the rapidly growing immigrant community .
Other findings :
-- About 83 percent of the U.S. population growth since 2000 was minority , part of a trend that will see minorities become the majority by midcentury .
Across all large metro areas , the majority of the child population is now nonwhite .
-- The suburban poor grew by 25 percent between 1999 and 2008 -- five times the growth rate of the poor in cities .
City residents are more likely to live in " deep " poverty , while a higher share of suburban residents have incomes just below the poverty line .
-- For the first time in several decades , the population is growing at a faster rate than households , due to delays in marriage , divorce and births as well as longer life spans .
People living alone and nonmarried couple families are among the fastest - growing in suburbs .
------
On the Net :
Brookings Institution report : http://www.brookings.edu/metroamerica
© Copyright 2010 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
June 12th , 2010
The article below states that BP , “ Plans to burn hundreds of thousands of gallons of oil . ”
They have already started burning the oil .
The latest Big Picture includes this image from the U.S. Coast Guard :
I found this photo on a KATU.com gallery .
This woman has the right idea :
Whether or not that mask will protect her from benzene and dioxins — and other toxic substances that result from burning crude oil — is a different matter .
She gets a 10 for style points , though .
Via : Arizona Daily Star :
Plans to burn hundreds of thousands of gallons of oil from BP ’s blown - out well are raising new questions about the health and safety of the thousands of workers on nearby rigs and vessels .
BP and the federal government are in new territory once again in dealing with the nation ’s worst environmental disaster :
There ’s never been such a huge flaring of oil in the Gulf of Mexico , or possibly anywhere .
The incineration of such huge amounts of oil combined with the black clouds of smoke already wafting over the Gulf waters from controlled burns of surface oil create pollution hazards for the estimated 2,000 people working in the area .
Dozens of rigs and ships are clustered in the area around the spill site .
The Discoverer Enterprise , the main recovery ship , is recovering as much as 15,000 barrels of oil a day through a pipe from the wellhead .
A second vessel , the Q4000 , is being prepared to pull up more oil and burn it .
Experts say it could be burning 10,000 barrels , or 420,000 gallons , a day .
Dr. Phil Harber , a UCLA professor , said the burning oil could expose workers to toxins that might cause severe respiratory irritation , asthma attacks and inflamed airways depending on how the burns are handled .
Burning oil is a fairly common method of relieving pressure in refinery operations , he said .
“ But the magnitude is a concern , ” said Harber , who is also the chief of UCLA ’s division of occupational and environmental medicine .
The other worry , he said , is if the wind carries off the thick clouds , “ There are hundreds of ships in the area , and those workers could have significant exposures and perhaps less protection because the exposures would be unanticipated , ” he said .
Harmful byproducts of burning the light crude flowing into the Gulf include fine particles ; toxic gases such as sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxides and carbon monoxide ; polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons , which result from the incomplete burning of carbon - containing materials such as oil ; and volatile organic compounds such as benzene , toluene , ethylbenzene and xylene .
…
Diane Bailey , a senior scientist with the Natural Resources Defense Council , questioned why the Coast Guard decided to allow the oil to be burned .
“ It seems like a no - brainer that you would n’t want to do this , ” she said .
“ Maybe there ’s just such a logistical challenge in getting it onshore and getting it processed that they decided this is the cheapest , easiest thing to do .
But the possible acute health problems should be of a greater concern . ”
Collapse , Energy , Environment , Health | Posted in Atrocities Top Of Page
U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said Israel 's decision on Monday to raze 22 Palestinian homes in East Jerusalem is the kind of step that undermines trust fundamental to progress in the proximity talks between Israel and the Palestinian Authority .
Open gallery view Local women stand above El Bustan ( King 's Garden ) in the Silwan neighborhood in East Jerusalem on June 21 , 2010 .
Credit : Reuters
Senior U.S. officials have asked Netanyahu 's office to explain why the plan was authorized , saying that Washington will issue an official condemnation of the demolitions .
The Jerusalem municipal planning committee approved Monday a contentious plan to raze 22 Palestinian homes to make room for a tourist center that Palestinians fear would tighten Israel 's grip on the city 's contested eastern sector .
The plan , which affects the neighborhood of Silwan in East Jerusalem , risks more U.S. - Israeli friction just two weeks ahead of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's meeting with U.S. President Barack Obama .
Crowley said the United States was concerned about the project , though he said it was a preliminary step being taken by the Jerusalem municipality and not the Israeli government .
" We 've had a number of conversations with the government of Israel about it , " Crowley said .
" This is expressly the kind of step that we think undermines trust that is fundamental to making progress in the proximity talks , " referring to the indirect , U.S. - mediated peace negotiations .
The Palestinian government issued a statement on Monday in regards to the plan , in which it emphasized that " these dangerous steps require American and international intervention . "
According to Israel Radio , chief negotiator Saeb Erekat commented on the plan as well and said the move shows Israel wants to destroy the indirect peace talks with the Palestinians .
Erekat called on the international community to " halt these dangerous steps " and said that the move " proves that Israel has decided to destroy the indirect talks with the Palestinians . "
Tensions have already been raised in Jerusalem , when conflict erupted during the meeting between committee members and the residents of Silwan .
Silwan residents starkly objected to the plan and demanded the committee discuss their alternative plan , which does not include razing homes .
Several lawyers representing the residents spoke out against the committee 's decision .
" I also want to have a park in the neighborhood where I can sit on the weekends and dip my feet in the water , but if the committee has the courage to approve a plan against the will of the residents , and to raze their homes for it , then it should have the same courage to discuss their alternative plan as well , " said one of the lawyers .
Barkat first floated the plan months ago , but agreed to a last - minute request from Israel 's prime minister to consult Palestinian residents before breaking ground .
Israeli demolition of Palestinian homes has in the past provoked harsh reaction from the United States .
Palestinians hope to build the capital of a future state in East Jerusalem and see any Israeli construction there as undercutting their claims to the land .
Although Israel claims it is simply enforcing the law by knocking down illegally built structures , many of the unapproved homes have gone up without authorization because Palestinians have a hard time obtaining construction permits in East Jerusalem .
Barkat says the plan gives a much - needed facelift to Jerusalem 's decaying al - Bustan neighborhood , which Israel calls Gan Hamelech , or the King 's Garden .
The plan calls for the construction of shops , restaurants , art galleries and a large community center on the site where some say the biblical King David wrote his psalms .
The 22 displaced families would be allowed to build homes elsewhere in the neighborhood , though it 's not clear who would pay for them .
Israel annexed East Jerusalem immediately after capturing it from Jordan during the Six - Day War in 1967 .
Israeli sovereignty there has not been recognized by the Palestinians or the international community , and the fate of the city is one of the core issues dividing the two sides .
Nearly 200,000 Jews have moved to East Jerusalem since Israel captured it , living in an uneasy coexistence with 250,000 Palestinians .
Activists in Al - Bustan , who had sought to block all demolitions , said in a statement that the plan comes in the general context of ( the ) fast - track Judaization of East Jerusalem .
It pre-empts " the possibility of Jerusalem ever being a shared city , or indeed capital of a Palestinian state , " the statement said .
" This in itself precludes peace . "
The contested site is a section of a larger neighborhood called Silwan , which is home to some 50,000 Palestinians and 70 Jewish families .
Demolitions elsewhere in Silwan have made the neighborhood a hub of tension between Palestinians fearful of eviction and Jews determined to keep the city Israel 's undivided capital .
Apparently fearing stiff criticism from the U.S. , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu pressured Barkat in March to hold up the plan to consult with Palestinians who stood to lose their homes .
" Now , after fine - tuning the plan and seeking more cooperation with the residents as far as their needs and improving the quality of their lives , the municipality is ready to submit the plans for the first stage of approval , " Barkat spokesman Stephan Miller said Monday .
The prime minister 's office said Netanyahu " hopes that since this project is only in a preliminary stage , that the dialogue can continue with those who have built homes on public land and it will be possible to find an agreed solution in accordance with the law . "
The U.S. Embassy had no comment .
Since Netanyahu initially delayed the plan , he has found himself in deep conflict with the Obama administration over Jewish construction in East Jerusalem .
Posted on May 23 , 2010
Clinton Warns Yale Grads About " Unequal " And " Unstable " World
Bill Clinton to Yale graduates on today 's world : " It is too unstable ; it is too unequal , and it is completely unsustainable . "
The biggest under - appreciated political story of the day might be the news that China has finally agreed to allow its currency to rise against the U.S. dollar .
Granted , the details of this , which are not yet clear , are extremely important .
U.S. officials , however , are already trumpeting the move as a sign that U.S. diplomatic engagement with China helped to precipitate the policy change , which has long been desired by the West , and particularly by China 's debtor nations .
( That China signed on to a U.N. Security Council resolution calling for Iran sanctions , leading the E.U. to adopt unilaterally tougher sanctions , is seen as the Obama administration 's first major policy success .
The second is China 's willingness to participate in the Nuclear Security Summit . )
Military to military relations between the U.S. and China are poor , but diplomatic relations seem to be fairly stable , if not pretty good .
I 'm no expert in Chinese economic policy , but I did ask a member of my kitchen cabinet for an assessment of what China 's move really means .
" China was unlikely to appreciate the currency significantly to begin with , given its dependence on exports , " my guy says .
" In the wake of Europe 's troubles , appreciating the RMB would further weaken China 's exporters .
So I think the government is offering a bargaining chip when it 's easy for them to point to reasons not to appreciate in a significant way . "
Remember , next weekend marks the beginning of the G - 20 summit , where each nation has been asked to bring something concrete that would help stabilize the world economy .
This is China 's offer , so to speak .
As to the appreciation decision 's effect on the U.S. economy , the administration here might make a case that the move could help economic growth pick up more rapidly , but the reality is that appreciating the RMB would only help to curb inflation , which is n't much of a problem to begin with ... at least not in the short term .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Your web browser is out - of - date .
We highly recommend you to upgrade your browser for security , comfort and in order to have the best experience on this website .
Please be aware that you might have issues using this website in the future as we keep improving the security of this website which will require an up - to - date web browser in order to use it .
Either just make sure to keep your current browser up - to - date or download one of these up - to - date , free and excellent browsers :
Please do not hesitate to contact us at [ email protected ] with any related questions .
On Monday , June 14 , the Supreme Court declined to hear Maher Arar ’s case , conclusively shutting the door on the Canadian citizen ’s effort to obtain redress from US officials who stopped him in September 2002 while he was changing planes on his way home to Canada and shipped him instead to Syria , where he was tortured and imprisoned without charges for nearly a year .
In so ruling , the Court refused to reconsider the decision of the US Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , sitting en banc , which had ruled in November 2009 that Arar ’s case raised too many sensitive issues of national security and confidential information to permit its adjudication in a court of law .
If he is to obtain any remedy now , it must come from Congress and the President .
The courts have washed their hands of the affair , but that does not mean that it is resolved .
I am one of Arar ’s lawyers , along with others at the Center for Constitutional Rights in New York .
In twenty - five years as a civil rights and human rights lawyer , I have never handled a case of more egregious abuse .
US officials not only delivered Arar to Syrian security forces that they regularly accuse of systematic torture , but did everything in their power to ensure that Arar could not get to a court to challenge their actions while he was in their custody .
When they finally permitted him to see a lawyer , on a Saturday ten days into his detention , the government hastily scheduled an extraordinary hearing for the next night —
Sunday evening — and only “ notified ” Arar ’s lawyer by leaving a voicemail on her office answering machine that Sunday afternoon .
They then falsely told Arar that the lawyer had declined to participate , and questioned him for six hours , until 3 a.m. Monday .
When Arar ’s lawyer retrieved the voicemail message later that Monday morning , she immediately called the Immigration and Naturalization Service .
They told her falsely that Arar was being moved to New Jersey , and that she could contact him there the next day .
In fact , he remained in New York until late that night , when he was put on a federally chartered jet and spirited out of the country .
US officials never informed Arar ’s lawyer that he had been deported , much less that he had been delivered to Syrian security forces .
Arar was beaten and tortured while Syrian officials asked him questions virtually identical to those US officials had asked him in New York .
He was locked up for a year without charges and in complete isolation , most of the time in a cell the size of a grave .
After a year , Syria released him , finding no evidence that he had done anything wrong .
He returned to Canada — this time avoiding any change of planes in the United States .
Canada responded to Arar ’s case as a nation who has wronged a human being should .
It established a blue - ribbon commission to investigate his case , which wrote a 1,100 - page report fully exonerating Arar , and faulting Canadian officials for erroneously telling US officials that Arar was the target of an investigation into possible al - Qaeda links .
In fact , Arar was merely listed as one of many persons “ of interest ” to the investigation , because he was thought to know one of the individuals who was targeted .
The commission found , however , that Canadian officials did not know that the United States was planning to send Arar to Syria .
That decision was made by US officials with the Syrians and not shared with the Canadians .
Canada , in other words , played a relatively small part in Arar ’s injuries , as compared to the United States .
Yet Canada ’s Parliament issued a unanimous apology , and the government paid Arar $ 10 million ( Canadian ) for its role in the wrong done to him .
Here in the United States , the response could not have been more different .
US officials have never apologized to Arar .
They persist in leaving him on a “ no - fly ” list , despite the fact that Canada has cleared him of any suspicion , much less wrongdoing .
And when we filed suit in 2004 to seek damages from the US officials directly responsible for the decision to send Arar to his torturers , lawyers for the Bush administration argued that even assuming that federal officials had intentionally delivered Arar to Syria to be tortured , and blocked him from seeking court protection while he was in their custody , they could not be held liable for his injuries on the grounds that the case implicated secret communications and national security concerns not appropriate for court resolution .
Regrettably , the courts agreed with the Bush administration position — and so has Obama ’s Department of Justice .
The US Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit reasoned that hearing Arar ’s claims would present too many sensitive issues that courts were ill - equipped to decide .
These included , according to the court ,
the perceived need for the [ extraordinary rendition ] policy , the threats to which it responds , the substance and sources of the intelligence used to formulate it , and the propriety of adopting specific responses to particular threats in light of apparent geopolitical circumstances and our relations with foreign countries .
But these questions would be presented only if it is permissible under some set of circumstances for the United States to send a man to another country for the purpose of having him tortured — as Arar alleged happened in his case , and as the courts were required to take as true for purposes of deciding whether his case should be dismissed at the outset .
Even the Bush administration lawyers did not argue that sending Arar to be tortured was permissible .
Torture is directly contrary to US law and policy .
Thus , there can be no “ perceived need ” for rendering a man to a foreign country to have him tortured , regardless of the “ threats to which it responds , ” the “ geopolitical circumstances , ” our “ relations with foreign countries , ” or the “ intelligence ” that might underlie it .
If , as US law provides , torture is absolutely forbidden , none of the above “ sensitive ” issues need to be decided .
In addition , the United States did not dispute that if , as was his legal right , Arar had been able to get his claim before a court while he was being detained in the United States — before he was sent to Syria — the federal courts would have entertained his case and could have stopped his rendition .
Congress has expressly authorized the courts to review immigration decisions and to bar removal of foreign nationals to any country where they face a risk of torture .
Knowing that , US officials made sure Arar could not get to court — denying his initial requests for a lawyer , lying to him and his lawyer , and then flying him out of the country in the dead of night before he or his lawyer could file anything .
Arar therefore sought the only remedy left — damages for his injuries .
The Second Circuit never explained why Arar ’s case , which indisputably could have been adjudicated had he been able to seek review before he was removed , suddenly became too “ sensitive ” once Arar sought damages for injuries incurred as a result of that removal .
Bush administration officials sent Arar to be tortured , and Bush administration lawyers initially sought to have his damages suit dismissed .
But nothing changed when President Obama took office .
The Obama administration aggressively defended the Second Circuit ’s decision to throw Arar ’s case out of court .
It opened its brief to the Supreme Court with a paragraph reiterating that torture is never permissible , but then went on to argue at length that federal officials accused of torture should not be held accountable .
In this , the Obama administration ’s brief eerily echoed one of the Bush administration ’s own “ torture memos . ”
After retracting John
Yoo ’s infamous August 2002 memo authorizing waterboarding , the Bush administration in December 2004 replaced it with a new memo that opened with the proclamation : “ Torture is abhorrent both to American law and values and to international norms . ”
As we now know , however , that memo went on to approve of the very same torture tactics that Yoo ’s memo had approved — including waterboarding .
So , too , Obama ’s Justice Department opened its brief by proclaiming that torture is always forbidden , but then defended a ruling that said that those who send an innocent man to be tortured cannot be held liable for their actions .
In President Obama ’s May 2009 speech on national security and American values , he opposed a commission to investigate torture by arguing that there were proceedings in the courts that could provide accountability .
Yet in the Arar case — as in every other civil case that has sought accountability for torture — the Obama administration argued that the courts were not an appropriate forum .
To the Obama administration , defending government officials from suit , regardless of the gravity of the allegations , is evidently more important than holding individuals responsible for complicity in torture .
By refusing to hear the case , the Supreme Court has now effectively upheld the Bush and Obama administration positions .
The court ’s decision has no value as a precedent , because it is merely a decision not to take up the case on its merits .
But it is the end of the line for Arar in the courts .
It must not be the end of the line for the United States , however .
Canada ’s legislature and government did the right thing by Maher Arar without a judicial decision .
So , too , the United States Congress apologized to the Japanese and Japanese Americans who were interned on the basis of their race during World War II — even though the Supreme Court had years earlier upheld the internment as legal .
It took Congress more than 40 years to do right by the World War II internees .
We must do better this time around .
CHICAGO – Angered by devastating budget cuts , threatened layoffs and school privatization , Chicago Teachers Union ( CTU ) members voted in a new leadership June 10 .
New president Karen Lewis immediately vowed to fight any attempt by Chicago Public Schools ( CPS ) to layoff 2,000 teachers and increase class sizes to 35 students to deal with a projected $ 600 million budget deficit .
Lewis ’s slate , Caucus of Rank and File Educators ( CORE ) , won nearly 60 % of the vote in a runoff against incumbent President Marilyn Stewart and her slate .
CORE swept all top officer and vice president slots .
After the election both Stewart and Lewis called for a united union .
“ I want to congratulate Karen Lewis and her entire CORE team , and want them to know they can count on me for any assistance I can offer as they take on what will be one of the toughest challenges in the 73 - year history of the Chicago Teachers Union , ” Stewart said .
“ For when all is said and done , this election was never about Karen or me .
It was about the 32,000 union members whose futures and well - being are now being threatened by an uncaring and insensitive Chicago Public Schools system . ”
The unity of the union was tested immediately when CPS Board of Education held an emergency meeting to deal with the mounting budget crisis .
Teachers picketed before going inside where they testified against the Board giving authority to school ’s CEO Ron Huberman ’s plan to allow class sizes to rise to 35 and impose cuts in other areas .
The Board also agreed to a scheduled 4 % pay increase , but this was seen as a maneuver to prevent a strike by teachers .
Big business interests represented by the Civic Federation are egging Huberman to rescind the wage increase and confront the teachers union .
However , Huberman did demand concessions by the union .
He told the Board , “ The reality of the situation is that if concessions are not made , we will have to lay off teachers and raise class sizes . ”
Huberman and the Board are trying to back teachers into a corner and pit them against parents and students .
The CTU says it will let teachers decide on the 4 % raise , but maintain there are other ways to solve the crisis and demanded CPS open up its books .
In her victory speech Lewis said , “ Today marks the beginning of the end of scapegoating educators for all the social ills that our children , families and schools struggle against every day ( and ) the beginning of a fight for true transparency in our educational policy .
This election shows the unity of 30,000 educators standing strong to put business in its place – out of our schools . ”
Lewis said corporate America sees K - 12 public education as a $ 380 billion trust , which until the last 15 years it had n’t had a sizeable piece of .
She blasted Mayor Richard M. Daley ’s school reform in which scores of schools have been closed and reopened as charter schools , as not an education plan , but a business plan .
Lewis ’s victory was also a repudiation of President Obama ’s proposed federal policy for education reform which is based on the Chicago model administered by current Education Secretary Arne Duncan .
Alarmed by the potential for massive loss of jobs of teachers and other public workers , President Obama implored Congress on June 12 to pass emergency aid to the states and cities to prevent layoffs .
Obama said already 84,000 public workers had lost their jobs and 300,000 teachers are threatened with layoffs .
Legislation has been blocked by Republicans and conservative Democrats that would have provided $ 50 billion in funding .
Lewis and other speakers at the Board meeting called upon Daley to release hundreds of millions of dollars that has been accumulated by the Tax Increment Financing ( TIF ) accounts .
These entities have siphoned off property tax money destined for public education into a fund distributed by Daley for economic development that often ends up in the pockets of his cronies .
Each year $ 245 million in education funding is lost in this way .
The new CTU leadership is calling for reforming the way education is funded in Illinois .
Presently , 60 % of funds comes from property taxes and 30 % from state funding , which they say should be reversed to provide equitable education for every child .
Synopsis
Mortimer Taylor Coleridge is a unique man .
With a mind of rare mathematical precision , he is obsessed with imposing order upon the chaos of every day life .
A once brilliant student of evolutionary biology at Columbia University , he has turned his back on a promising academic career to devote his life to selling hot dogs at Papaya Queen .
There , Mortimer uses his keen intellect to become the quickest and most efficient of hot dog men , devising a numerical - based system to sell hot dogs which maximizes both time and effort .
One day while watching TV , Mortimer comes upon VH1 , and his life is instantly transformed .
While watching Behind the Music : No Doubt , he decides that he and Gwen Stefani are soul mates , destined to be together .
When Mortimer discovers that her favorite food is a Papaya Queen hot dog , he dedicates his life to preparing for the day , which he knows will come , when Gwen Stefani will walk into the Papaya Queen where he works , order a frankfurter and fall in love with him .
Dreaming of Gwen Stefani takes our culture 's obsession with celebrity to its logical - or illogical - conclusion .
So , curious what could possibly go wrong with Arizona ’s new anti-illegal immigrant law ?
Do n’t think it will be used to discriminate against Mexicans ( or people who look like Mexicans ) ?
Consider the recent case of Eduardo Caraballo .
Caraballo was held for three days by federal immigration authorities in Chicago , was told that he was an illegal immigrant and that he was going to be deported .
The only problem ?
Caraballo is a US citizen .
He was born in Puerto Rico ( yes , Puerto Rico is part of the US , in case you do n’t know that ) .
He showed authorities his Illinois state - issued ID , but that was n’t enough .
His mother even brought in his birth certificate and his social security card , but they did n’t like that either .
They finally released him , but only after his mother contacted Representative Luis Gutierrez .
According to Caraballo , officers asked him specific questions about Puerto Rico , which he could n’t answer since he left there when he was eight months old .
Apparently they thought his official papers were fake .
So , does anyone think that something like this would ever happen to someone who was n’t hispanic ?
© Matt Bors
In this video Senator DeMint discusses the issues with the way Congress currently passes the vast majority of bills .
94 % of the bills are passed with NO debate , NO amendments , NO reading , NO online disclosures , and often , NO cost estimate from the Congressional Budget Office ( CBO )
Once elected Rand Paul has pledged to never vote for a bill he has n’t read and one of the first bills he will sponsor is the Read The Bills Act .
Related posts :
My Computer Totally Hates Me !
Vicki Helmholz
Advertisement
About a month ago , I got a new computer here at my reception desk at the dentist 's office , and , boy , does that thing have it in for me !
I am not kidding .
When it sees me coming , I swear , it must be all like , " Oh , goody , here comes Vicki … time to go on the fritz ! "
I mean , my computer seriously hates me !
Now , I 'm not exactly a computer person .
I 've never been what you 'd call " user - friendly " or anything .
But , for the life of me , I can't think of what I did to make my computer despise me so much !
Whoever set it up , instead of putting in anti-virus software , must have accidentally put in anti-Vicki software !
Advertisement
I 'm pretty sure Dr. Glickman bought it used , which would explain why it 's so darn screwy .
Whenever I try to type in insurance information for a new patient , the keys always get stuck .
And whenever I try to get billing info for a current account , it totally does n't want to let me into the program !
I 'll be waiting and waiting for , like , two minutes while it groans and grinds before , finally , the screen comes up .
I 'll be like , " Well , it 's about time !
What were you doing , surfing the Internet ? "
And then there are the times when I 'll want to print out an appointment reminder for a patient , and it simply wo n't do it for me .
I 'll be like , " Come onnnnnn !
Are you trying to give me even more gray hairs than the seven I already have ? "
I am telling you , if there 's a meaner computer out there in the world , I have n't met it yet !
Advertisement
Yup , that darn computer of mine is having a great big laugh at poor Vicki 's expense .
Lots of times , I 'll be online , e-mailing a girlfriend or checking out the Dancing Hamsters if I need a pick - me - up , and the screen will just completely freeze .
I had no idea computers could have " one of those days , " but go figure !
There 's nothing I can do but unplug the thing , plug it back in , and start all over again .
Do n't get me wrong ; it 's nice to have a new computer .
But sometimes I think I 'd rather go back to my sweet old little one than spend all day fighting with Mr. Moody here .
Advertisement
God , Do I Hate That Bitch
Dell Dimension 4100
Advertisement
Jesus Christ .
Where should I start with this ignorant cow ?
Actually , let 's start with me .
I am a brand - new , state - of - the - art Dell Dimension 4100 , although , if all you had to go by was Vicki , you 'd think my name was " Tweety Bird Sticker Receptacle . "
She 's got me faggoted up like a 10 - year - old girl 's notebook .
Advertisement
Never mind that Dr. Glickman screwed up and bought this colossal ditz of a receptionist more computer than she could ever possibly need for record - keeping at a small dentist 's office .
( As if 40 unused gigs of hard drive are necessary to print Bobby Cloninger 's mom a reminder that he 's having that cavity filled on the 11th . )
I 'm powerful enough to monitor a cooling tower , but that 's not even what I 'm bitching about .
I 'd rather be owned by some acne- scarred teenage girl who only used me to write shitty poetry , so long as she actually read the manual that came with me .
" Programmed in some anti-Vicki software . "
Holy shit , I want to kill her .
I feature a one - Gigahertz Pentium III processor and 128 megabytes of RAM .
And this broad is whining that I 'm not fast enough .
A fucking Lamborghini is n't fast enough if you do n't know how to shift , brainiac .
And , believe it or not , you actually have to exit a program when you 're done with it .
Not just close the window .
You actually have to select " Close " from the File menu .
Or , better yet , Alt - F4 on your keyboard .
I 'm not gonna take the fall just because you left RealPlayer , AOL Instant Messager , Microsoft Word , ACT !
2000 , WinAmp , McAfee First Aid , and the sound - and video - card software all open , and you 're trying to open Excel !
All that stuff costs RAM , dumbass .
Maybe if you 'd check the system tray once a month .
The precise reason I'm " groaning and grinding so much " is that your stupid catalog of open programs is so taxing to my RAM that it forces me to open virtual memory , which is gonna be slow as hell no matter what computer you 're on .
Advertisement
And , hey , Vicki , if you 're having trouble with sticky keys , maybe you should think about not eating so goddamn many blueberry muffins while you 're at your desk .
( This Einstein seems to think the area beneath my keys is a gateway to an interdimensional netherworld where crumbs are magically whisked away , never to be seen again . )
Oh , and technical wizards who roamed the Earth generations ago came up with a magic fix - all for a printer that does n't work :
Turn the fucking thing on .
That cable connecting me to the printer is n't a friggin ' power cable .
You actually need actual electricity to actually flow into the actual printer for it to actually work .
Advertisement
Now , as for system freezes : Maybe if you did n't install that gay - ass shareware inspirational - saying screensaver , you would n't have had so many software conflicts .
But , with the damage already done there , you could at least hit Control - Alt - Delete and click " End Task " to close down a frozen program .
That 's Control and Alt and Delete , all at the same time !
Is n't that fascinating ?
Oh , before I forget :
If I do freeze up , my reset button is located in the front .
Press it and … voila !
Do not unplug me and then plug me back in .
Do you have any clue how much that fucking pisses me off ?
( Why did I even bother asking you that ?
Of course you do n't .
You 're Vicki Helmholz , the world 's dumbest dental - office receptionist . )
Advertisement
I do n't even have time to go into this sad excuse for a computer user 's misuse of the term " user - friendly . "
If there were a merciful God in Heaven , He would give me arms that I might strangle this bitchwad .
Desktop relevant reviews , tips , tweaks and rants related to Linux in general and PCLinuxOS in particular .
John , your training method has been going great for me !
Jumped in head first and two months later +10 lbs on my snatch , +20 lbs on my front squat , consistently hitting old 1 RM on back squat as well as volume PR's , although clean and jerk is still consistently bad technique with 90 - 96 % lifts .
Questions :-
My jerk sucks , it 's pathetic , my snatch is catching up to it , and the only way to fix it is with coaching of someone that has a good grasp on technique ... so until I get to Vegas I 'm pretty much screwed .
My problem is getting under the bar with absolutely no problem with driving the bar up .
Should I do lots of extra footwork drills and do the lighter warm - up jerks with as little dip and drive as possible and work up to max even if technique is bad , or stop when technique starts to suck ? -
Three a days are possible on some days with my school schedule ; should I ?-
Is 5ft 7in too tall to be competitive at 77kg ?
If I need to move up to 85kg , how should I go about doing it : clean or dirty bulk ? -
I do extra assistance / prehab work on Sundays but have recently been doing it during regular sessions just to make sure everything gets balanced , mostly shoulders and lats are what I feel lacking .
Should I just restrict this prehab work to Sundays or the extra volume throughout the week should n't hurt ?-
This last semester at university is going good and I 'm on track to graduate at the end of April .
Would you know of anybody looking to hire a recent construction management grad as well any cheap housing in Vegas near UNLV or your gym ; like lifters looking for roommates by next fall ?
( you can answer this privately if you want ) - I do a lot of pause squats with the lighter weights because I feel it helps my strength out of the hole and hamstring / glute strength , which is a weakness of mine .
Usually do paused squats until it gets too hard then use the bounce for the maxes , is this alright or should I just bounce for all of them ?
Edit : one more question ...-
I usually do all my jumps as +10 lb including new PR's for all lifts , should I do the smallest increments possible or stick to +10 lb increments ?
This plugin displays avatars of people who have recently followed your twitter account and tweeted your link .
It would be useful when you have a new project launch and you need to encourage people to follow & tweet it by showing their Twitter avatars !
The plugin is a mix of two of my favorite plugins : Twitter Friends & Followers Widget and Twitter Trackbacks Widget .
It first queries Topsy API to get tweeters and compares them with followers returned from Twitter API .
View these Demos ..
Each demo page contains HTML & CSS & JS you need to use ...
Few CSS lines are needed , but will not focus on it here .
* If you do n't see any avatars in these demos , you should :
1- Follow me
2- Tweet This Post
Demo 1 ►
By Default widget will fetch your latest 20 followers who tweeted your URL and append each Twitter avatar with a fade transition .
There are 2 essential options : the URL and the Twitter username , that should be placed in the options attribute of any Div element with class name as " follow - tweet " .
< script type =" text / javascript " src= "
http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.3.2/jquery.min.js "></ script>
< script type =" text / javascript " src= " http://follow-tweet-widget.googlecode.com/files/jquery.follow_tweet-1.0.min.js "></ script>
< div class= " follow - tweet " options= " {
debug :
1
, username :' mike_more '
, url : ' http://www.moretechtips.net/2010/06/follow-tweet-widget-another-jquery.html'
} "></div >
Demo 2 ►
< script type =" text / javascript " src= "
http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.3.2/jquery.min.js "></ script>
< script type =" text / javascript " src= " http://follow-tweet-widget.googlecode.com/files/jquery.follow_tweet-1.0.min.js "></ script>
< script type =" text / javascript " >
$ ( document ) .ready ( function ( ) {
$ ('# friends ' ) .followTweet ({
debug :
1
, username :' Mike_More '
, url : ' http://www.moretechtips.net/2010/06/follow-tweet-widget-another-jquery.html'
,n:60
, user_animate :' width '
, friend_calls :
2
, tweeter_calls :
2
} ) ;
} ) ;
</script >
< div id =" friends " ></div >
This demo loads the plugin on document - ready event with few options changed :
- Used the ' width ' for picture animation instead of default opacity animation .
- Changed the default users count to 60 .
- Increased number of Twitter & Topsy API Calls to aggregate more users avatars .
* Over-increasing number of calls will delay the plugin output and may result that site - users being blocked by the API when rate limits for Twitter or Topsy get exceeded .
* Plugin was also tested to work with jQuery 1.4.2 , Just replace jQuery Javascript path to " http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.4.2/jquery.min.js "
Widget Highlights :
Show your latest Twitter followers who tweeted your link .
It can work with friends instead of followers .
You can control number of API calls made to Twitter & Topsy to be able to show more avatars .
Instead of linking people avatars to their twitter page ;
You can link it to their home pages .
It can easily fit in different layouts by adjusting the number of avatars and its dimension .
Few transition options to apply to avatars like opacity , width , height .
Use a typical jQuery call on document ready or the plugin will auto - load any div elements that have " follow - tweet " class .
Widget adds a small " i " letter that links to the widget page .
You can remove it by setting ( info ) option to empty string ( '' ) , but I 'll appreciate it if you attribute / link - back to me elsewhere on your website .
Go to plugin page for more details on plugin options , request features or submit bugs .
Demo 1 | Demo 2 | Download Plugin | Plugin Options | Plugin Page
* Credits of inspiration go to Noura Yehia for motivating me to do this plugin .
References :
Allen , P.G. and Fildes , R. ( 2001 ) .
Econometric Forecasting in Armstrong , J.S. ed. Principles of Forecasting : A Handbook for Researchers and Practitioners .
Norwell , MA : Kluwer .
Anderson , R.W. and Gainor , D. ( 2006 ) .
Fire and Ice : Journalists have warned of climate change for 100 years , but ca n’t decide weather we face an ice age or warming .
Business and Media Institute , May 17 .
Available at http://www.businessandmedia.org/specialreports/2006/fireandice/FireandIce.pdf
Armstrong , J.S. ( 1980 ) .
The Seer - sucker theory :
The value of experts in forecasting .
Technology Review 83 ( June - July ) , 16 - 24 .
Armstrong , J.S. ( 1978 ; 1985 ) .
Long - Range Forecasting : From Crystal Ball to Computer .
New York : Wiley - Interscience .
Armstrong , J.S. ( 1999 ) .
Forecasting for environmental decision - making , in Dale , V.H. and English , M.E. eds. , Tools to Aid Environmental Decision Making .
New York : Springer - Verlag , 192- 225 .
Armstrong , J.S. ( 2001 ) .
Principles of Forecasting : A Handbook for Researchers and Practitioners .
Kluwer Academic Publishers .
Armstrong , J.S. ( 2006 ) .
Findings from evidence - based forecasting : Methods for reducing forecast error .
International Journal of Forecasting , 22 , 583-598 . Ascher W. ( 1978 ) .
Forecasting : An Appraisal for Policy Makers and Planners .
Baltimore : Johns Hopkins University Press . Bast , J. and Taylor , J.M. ( 2007 ) .
Scientific consensus on global warming .
The Heartland Institute : Chicago , Illinois .
Available http://downloads.heartland.org/20861.pdf.
[ The responses to all questions in the 1996 and 2003 surveys by Brat and von Storch are included as an appendix . ]
Bellamy , D. and Barrett , J. ( 2007 ) .
Climate stability : an inconvenient proof .
Proceedings of the Institution of Civil Engineers – Civil Engineering , 160 , 66 - 72 .
Carter , R.M. ( 2007 ) .
The myth of dangerous human - caused climate change .
The Aus / MM New Leaders Conference , Brisbane May 3 , 2007 .
Full text available from http://members.iinet.net.au/~glrmc/new_page_1.htm
Carter , R.M. , de Freitas , C.R. , Goklany , I.M. , Holland , D. and Linzen , R.S. ( 2006 ) .
The Stern review : A dual critique : Part 1 . World Economics , 7 , 167-198 .
Cerf , C. and Navasky , V. ( 1998 ) .
The Experts Speak .
New York : Pantheon .
Baltimore , MD : Johns Hopkins University Press . Craig , P.P. , Gadgil , A. , and Koomey , J.G. ( 2002 ) .
What Can History Teach Us ? A Retrospective Examination of Long - Term Energy Forecasts for the United States .
Annual Review of Energy and the Environment , 27 , 83 -118 .
Duncan , G. T. , Gorr W. L. and Szczypula , J. ( 2001 ) .
Forecasting Analogous Time Series , in Armstrong , J.S. ed. Principles of Forecasting : A Handbook for Researchers and Practitioners .
Norwell , MA : Kluwer .
Eccleston , P. ( 2007 ) .
Public ‘ in denial ’ about climate change .
telegraph.co.uk , 12:01 BST
03/07/2007 .
Available at http://www.telegraph.co.uk/core/Content/displayPrintable.jhtml;jse...MGSFFOAVCBQWIV0?xml=/earth/2007/07/03/eawarm103.xml&site=30&page=0
Essex , C. , McKitrick , R. and Andresen , B. ( 2007 ) .
Does a global temperature exist ?
Journal of Non-Equilibrium Thermodynamics , 32 , 1 - 27 .
Working paper available at http://www.uoguelph.ca/~rmckitri/research/globaltemp/globaltemp.html
Essex , C. and McKitrick , R. ( 2002 ) .
Taken by Storm .
The Troubled Science , Policy & Politics of Global Warming , Toronto : Key Porter Books .
14 Hegerl , G.C. , F. W. Zwiers , P. Braconnot , N.P. Gillett , Y. Luo , J.A. Marengo Orsini , N. Nicholls , J.E. Penner and P.A. Stott ( 2007 ) .
Understanding and Attributing Climate Change , in Solomon , S. , D. Qin , M. Manning , Z. Chen , M. Marquis , K.B. Averyt , M. Tignor and H.L. Miller ( eds. ) , Climate Change 2007 : The Physical Science Basis .
Contribution of Working Group I to the Fourth Assessment Report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change .
Cambridge University Press , Cambridge , United Kingdom and New York , NY , USA .
Jaworowski , Z. ( 2007 ) .
CO2 : The greatest scientific scandal of our time .
Executive Intelligence Review , 34 ( 11 ) , 38 - 53 .
Available at http://www.warwickhughes.com/icecore/zjmar07.pdf
Keepin , B. and Wynne , B. ( 1984 ) .
Technical analysis of IIASA energy scenarios .
Nature , 312 , 691-695 .
Makridakis , S. , Wheelwright , S.C. , and Hyndman , R.J. ( 1998 ) .
Forecasting : Methods and Applications ( 3rd ed. ) , Hoboken , NJ : John Wiley .
NDU ( 1978 ) .
Climate Change to the Year 2000 .
Washington , D.C. : National Defense University .
New Zealand Climate Science Coalition ( 2007 ) .
World climate predictors right only half the time .
Media release 7 June .
Available at http://www.scoop.co.nz/stories/SC0706/S00026.htm
Pilkey , O.H. and Pilkey - Jarvis , L. ( 2007 ) .
Useless Arithmetic Why Environmental Scientists Ca n’t predict the Future .
New York : Columbia University Press . Randall , D.A. , Wood , R.A. , Bony , S. , Colman , R. , Fichefet , T. , Fyfe , J. , Kattsov , V. , Pitman , A. , Shukla , J. , Srinivasan , J. , Stouffer , R. J. , Sumi , A. and Taylor , K.E. ( 2007 ) .
Climate Models and Their Evaluation , in Solomon , S. , Qin , D. , Manning , M. , Chen , Z. , Marquis , M. , Averyt , K.B. , Tignor , M. and Miller , H.L. eds. , Climate Change 2007 : The Physical Science Basis .
Contribution of Working Group I to the Fourth Assessment Report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change .
Cambridge , UK and New York , NY , USA : Cambridge University Press .
Schnaars , S.P. and Bavuso , R.J. ( 1986 ) .
Extrapolation models on very short - term forecasts .
Journal of Business Research , 14 , 27 - 36 .
Stainforth , D.A. , Aina , T. , Christensen , C. , Collins , M. , Faull , N. , Frame , D.J. , Kettleborough , J.A. , Knight , S. , Martin , A. , Murphy , J.M. , Piani , C. , Sexton , D. , Smith , L.A. , Spicer , R.A. , Thorpe , A.J. and Allen , M.R. ( 2005 ) .
Uncertainty in predictions of the climate response to rising levels of greenhouse gases , Nature , 433 , 403-406 .
Stern , N. ( 2007 ) .
The Economics of Climate Change : The Stern Review .
New York : Cambridge University Press .
Available from http://www.hmtreasury.gov.uk/independent_reviews/stern_review_economics_climate_change/sternreview_index.cfm
Stewart , T.R. and Glantz , M.H. ( 1985 ) .
Expert judgment and climate forecasting : A methodological critique of ‘ Climate Change to the Year 2000 ’ .
Climate Change , 7 , 159-183 .
Stott , P.A. and Kettleborough , J.A. ( 2002 ) .
Origins and estimates of uncertainty in predictions of twenty - first century temperature rise , Nature , 416 , 723-726 .
Taylor , M. ( 2007 ) .
An evaluation of NIWA ’s climate predictions for May 2002 to April 2007 .
Climate Science Coalition .
Available at http://www.climatescience.org.nz/assets/2007691051580.ClimateUpdateEvaluationText.pdf
Data available at http://www.climatescience.org.nz/assets/2007691059100.ClimateUpdateEvaluationCalc.xls.pdf
Tetlock , P.E. ( 2005 ) .
Expert Political Judgment : How Good Is It ? How Can We Know ?
Princeton , NJ : Princeton University Press . Trenberth , K.E. ( 2007 ) .
Predictions of climate .
Climate Feedback : The Climate Change Blog , Nature.com , June 4 .
Available at http://blogs.nature.com/climatefeedback/2007/06/predictions_of_climate.html
Vizard , A.L. , Anderson , G.A. , and Buckley , D.J. ( 2005 ) .
Verification and value of the Australian Bureau of Meteorology township seasonal rainfall forecasts in Australia , 1997 - 2005 .
Meteorological Applications , 12 , 343-355 . 15 Wittink D. , and Bergestuen T. ( 2001 ) .
Forecasting with Conjoint Analysis , in Armstrong , J.S. ed. Principles of Forecasting : A Handbook for Researchers and Practitioners .
Norwell , MA : Kluwer .
Damn , Tourists !
Eric “ The Incredimazing ” Fischer used advanced geo-logic to filter tourists from locals in his Geotagger ’s World Atlas .
Some people interpreted the Geotaggers ’ World Atlas maps to be maps of tourism .
This set is an attempt to figure out if that is really true .
Some cities ( for example Las Vegas and Venice ) do seem to be photographed almost entirely by tourists .
Others seem to have many pictures taken in places that tourists do n’t visit .
Blue points on the map are pictures taken by locals ( people who have taken pictures in this city dated over a range of a month or more ) .
Red points are pictures taken by tourists ( people who seem to be a local of a different city and who took pictures in this city for less than a month ) .
Yellow points are pictures where it ca n’t be determined whether or not the photographer was a tourist ( because they have n’t taken pictures anywhere for over a month ) .
They are probably tourists but might just not post many pictures at all .
The maps are ordered by the number of pictures taken by locals .
Full set on Flickr , a few interesting ones below ( click image to zoom )
NYC :
London :
Vancouver :
LA :
Rome :
Vegas :
Venice :
Detail of San Francisco :
Tourists are rare in the Mission , but they do seem to prefer the Castro , the southwest corner of Dolores Park and the murals on Balmy Alley .
What is forex trading ?
Forex trading is the buying and selling of currencies on the foreign exchange market with the aim of making a profit .
Forex is the world ’s most - traded financial market , with transactions worth trillions of dollars taking place every day .
Are you upset about this incident ?
Why not write a letter to the city , to Worker 's Comp , etc .
Both are investigating .
Both need to hear from us .
Maybe you can demand that this company is prohibited from doing business in our city ever again .
Do you think that the only reason innocent people ( employees or passers by ) did n't die in this incident was pure luck ?
To me it looks like pure luck and nothing but .
Twice in a row .
Would you not learn after the first mistake ?
Should you ever be allowed to do business in our city again if you did n't learn after the first almost deadly mistake ?
Kennigit Profile Blog Joined October 2006 Canada 19376 Posts Last Edited : 2010-05-13 23:08:25 # 1
Shitty posts will result in immediate warnings and bans
StarCraft II Beta -- Patch 12 ( version 0.14.0.15343 )
The latest patch notes can always be found on our StarCraft II Beta General Discussion forum .
Balance Changes
* PROTOSS
o Forge
+ Build time increased from 35 to 45 .
+ Life and shield values decreased from 550/550 to 400/400 .
o Mothership
+ Vortex now removes Force Fields within its area of effect .
* TERRAN
o Thor
+ Radius decreased from 1.375 to 0.8125 .
+ Model size reduced to match new radius .
* ZERG
o Roach
+ Supply count increased from 1 to 2 .
User Interface
* Several Hotkey changes have been made ( German client only ) .
Bug Fixes
* Fixed a crash which sometimes occurred when quitting the program .
StarCraft II Beta -- Patch 12 ( version 0.14.0.15343 ) The latest patch notes can always be found on our StarCraft II Beta General Discussion forum .
Balance Changes * PROTOSSo Forge +
Build time increased from 35 to 45 .+
Life and shield values decreased from 550/550 to 400/400.o Mothership +
Vortex now removes Force Fields within its area of effect . *
TERRANo Thor + Radius decreased from 1.375 to 0.8125 .+
Model size reduced to match new radius . *
ZERGo Roach +
Supply count increased from 1 to 2 . User Interface * Several
Hotkey changes have been made ( German client only ) .
Bug Fixes *
Fixed a crash which sometimes occurred when quitting the program .
Our first Situation Report took a look at the changes with Patch 11 and while not a large patch , we wanted to continue sharing our insight on balance changes with Patch 12 .
Please keep in mind that we are continuing to keep a close eye on many of these changes to better gauge their effects and may not apply all of our planned changes into any one patch .
This allows us to track the effects a bit better and layer in our planned changes to better set the pace of how they affect balance overall .
We have a few minor changes implemented as a part of the balance for this patch and are also planning some more ability changes for the zerg in the next .
Thor - Radius decreased from 1.375 to 0.8125 .
Model size reduced to match new radius .
We have reduced the physical and pathing size of the Thor just to make him more useable .
This will end up being a minor buff to the Thor ( which he did n’t really need ) .
We made the change just to make him less frustrating to use .
We ’ll be keeping a close eye on how this change plays out and if Thors become too dominant we will deal with them in other ways in future patches .
Forge - Build time increased from 35 to 45 .
Life and shield values decreased from 550/550 to 400/400 .
We are seeing a Photon Cannon rush against protoss and zerg .
Against protoss , players usually use a cliff edge or the enemy minerals in combination with their forge to protect their pylon .
Against zerg , you can use the Forge and Pylon to block the zerg player ’s ramp .
We have a few numbers we can tweak to fix this , build time on the Forge being the most obvious .
However if we make the build time too high it will be difficult to panic build a Forge and Cannons to block a badly played cloak attack .
So we are going to try a mixture of health nerfs to the Forge and a small timing change .
Mothership - Vortex now removes Force Fields within its area of effect .
Vortex continues to be an exciting ability with some known issues .
Limiting how Force Fields are used around Vortexes will help fix a few exploitable situations .
Our thanks go to the community for continuing to find and report issues with it . =)
Roach - Supply count increased from 1 to 2 .
Roaches are just too mighty to be a 1 supply unit .
In 200 supply battles Roaches can be very difficult to deal with even with the correct counters in play by protoss or terran players .
As always , we appreciate the ongoing constructive feedback and will continue to closely monitor the effects of these changes within the game .
http://forums.battle.net/thread.html?topicId=24702406287&sid=5000
On May 14 2010 07:48 mamelouk wrote :
Some Blizzard employee response to all of you guys :
Show nested quote +
As we mentioned in the original post , all changes we have planned are not in yet and we have been trying to be careful about layering them in and watching the results closely .
This patch is no different and we have more coming down the pipe before much longer .
StarCraft II is like an onion with many layers , but instead of peeling the layers , we 're adding them in like paper mâché only without the messy flour paste and with a slightly less predictable outcome .
http://forums.battle.net/thread.html?topicId=24702406287&sid=5000&pageNo=7
do n't know if my message will be noticed in a 50 pages conversation thou Some Blizzard employee response to all of you guys : do n't know if my message will be noticed in a 50 pages conversation thou
Although this item is nothing more than a seemingly obvious setup for a groan - inducing pun , we ’ve been receiving “ Is this true ? ” inquiries about it from readers every year since 1997 ( the year the Academy Award - winning film Titanic was released ) , particularly around May 5th ( i.e. , Cinco de Mayo ) :
Most people do n’t know that back in 1912 , Hellmann ’s mayonnaise was manufactured in England .
In fact , the Titanic was carrying 12,000 jars of the condiment scheduled for delivery in Vera Cruz , Mexico , which was to be the next port of call for the great ship after its stop in New York .
This would have been the largest single shipment of mayonnaise ever delivered to Mexico .
But as we know , the great ship did not make it to New York .
The ship hit an iceberg and sank , and the cargo was forever lost .
The people of Mexico , who were crazy about mayonnaise , and were eagerly awaiting its delivery , were disconsolate at the loss .
Their anguish was so great , that they declared a National Day of Mourning , which they still observe to this day .
The National Day of Mourning occurs each year on May 5th and is known , of course , as Sinko de Mayo .
Cosplay can be iffy .
For every time you see a fantastically done Mojo or Poison Ivy outfit , you get ten mediocre Star Wars stormtroopers walking in packs despite sometimes not knowing each other prior to the convention .
However , some costumes set a whole new standard and make you excited to wonder what other fans may do in the future .
Such is the case with Anthony Le's War Machine armor , which won " first place " and " best in show " at the Starfest 2010 Costume Contest .
This guy 's War Machine outfit , based on the character 's " Iron Man 2 " suit , allegedly took about one month and more than $ 4,000 to build ( notice I said " allegedly " , it 's not like we saw this guy 's receipts ) .
Now before you all say , " wait , it 's nice but it 's not THAT impressive , " let me explain .
The eye slits of the helmet and the arc repulsor generator actually GLOW , the shoulder gun ACTUALLY SPINS and the helmet actually OPENS AND CLOSES with the push of a button just like in the movie .
Seriously !
According to Popsci , " [ Anthony Le ] used thin , high - impact urethane for the armor , cutting it into plates and joining them with some 1,500 rivets and washers .
He sculpted a clay helmet mold and then used a liquid resin mix to create the final product .
But that was just cosmetic work .
He also added a small servo motor that opens the faceplate , as in the movie , and built a gun out of pipes and a motor .
LEDs in the eyes and chest - plate further add to the illusion . "
Mr. Le , your time and dedication to showcasing obsessive fan love makes you worthy of a salute .
If we meet , you shall get a high - five !
Researchers have released software that exposes private information and executes arbitrary code on sensitive websites by exploiting weaknesses in a widely used web development technology .
Short for Padding Oracle Exploitation Tool ,
Poet is able to decrypt secret data encrypted by the JavaServer Faces web development framework without knowing the secret key .
Attackers can use the technique to access private customer data on websites operated by banks , e-commerce companies and other businesses , according to a paper ( PDF ) released in February by researchers Juliano Rizzo and Thai Duong .
In some cases , the exploit can be used to run malicious software on the underlying server .
Released Monday ,
Poet exploits a well - known vulnerability in the way many websites encrypt text stored in cookies , hidden HTML fields and request parameters .
The text is designed to help servers keep track of purchases , user preferences and other settings while at the same time ensuring account credentials and other sensitive data can't be intercepted .
By modifying the encrypted information and sending it back to the server , the attackers can recover the plaintext for small chunks of the data , allowing them to access passwords and restricted parts of a webserver .
The fatal flaw making exploitation possible is the failure of JavaServer Faces to implement AES / DES encryption algorithms correctly .
The scheme provides no way to sign the ciphertext or authenticate the block cipher mode .
“ The tool exploits a very common mistake -- using encryption alone instead of encryption + authentication / integrity protection , " Rizzo told The Register .
" You can get information about the plaintext from the server reaction . ”
The attack can be used by crawling a target website for strings of encrypted strings and then modifying the last block of the ciphertext by a random value and sending it back to the server .
The resulting error messages are then used to decipher the text , allowing attackers to bypass CAPTCHAs , view customer account numbers and even create webpages that will execute malicious software on the underlying server .
Attackers can also use the technique to map all ciphertexts to corresponding plaintexts , a feat that breaks a website 's underlying cryptosystem .
Attackers can also use Google to find websites that are vulnerable to attack .
Queries such as “ Given final block not properly padded ” and “ javax.crypto. BadPaddingException ” reveal “ tons ” of exposed web applications , the researchers said .
The researchers tested the attack in JavaServer Faces implemented into the Apache webserver , as well as Sun 's Mojarra .
They said many other implementations are also likely to be vulnerable .
Poet runs on Windows , Mac OS X and Linux and is available here .
Video showing the exploit code in action is here . ®
" I 've been playing through it , " Woods said of pain he first felt before the Masters .
" I ca n't play through it anymore . "
Woods said he did not know what caused the injury , only that " playing does n't help it . "
He took 10 questions before going into a physical therapy trailer for 37 minutes and leaving the TPC Sawgrass .
This is Woods ' first withdrawal from a tournament since the Nissan Open at Riviera in 2006 , when he narrowly made the cut and withdrew from the final two rounds because of the flu .
He also withdrew from the 1995 U.S. Open at Shinnecock Hills as a 19 - year - old amateur because of a wrist injury from hitting out of deep rough .
The only time he has mentioned his neck was during his news conference last month at the Masters .
Woods was taken to the hospital Nov. 27 after driving his SUV over a fire hydrant and into a tree , the infamous accident that set off shocking revelations of extramarital affairs that led to his five - month break from golf .
Asked at Augusta what injuries he suffered that night , Woods said , " I had a busted - up lip and a pretty sore neck , and that was it . "
He did n't mention the pain when he missed the cut last week for the sixth time in his career at Quail Hollow .
But it became obvious something was wrong Sunday on the par - 4 seventh hole at Sawgrass .
After hitting his tee shot well right , Woods called for an official .
He hit his second shot and grimaced , then walked to the middle of the fairway , shook hands with playing partner Jason Bohn and left in a golf cart .
Fans gave him a warm ovation , with one man shouting , " Hurry back , Tiger . "
Bohn noticed that Woods loosened his neck muscles on the first tee , but he did n't see any signs Woods was in pain until they exchanged pleasantries in the seventh fairway .
" He just said , ' I 'm done , ' " Bohn said .
" Then I kind of inquired about it .
I said , ' Are you OK ? ' ... I said , ' Is it your wrist ? '
He said , ' No , it 's my neck . '
I could tell when he shook his hand ; he kind of stiffened up .
When your neck hurts , it 's pretty severe .
But you could tell when he was leaving he was in pain . "
The large gallery following Woods dispersed soon after he did .
Bohn played the final 11 holes alone -- without all the FBI agents dressed in plain clothes , sheriff 's officers and extra volunteers who followed Woods around the Stadium Course all week .
" I was a little disappointed , " Bohn said jokingly after shooting an 8 - over 80 .
" I thought they were there for me to be honest . "
Woods said he plans to have an MRI this week .
He said he was having a hard time with the pain , and that there was a tingling sensation on his right side down to his fingers .
As he was driven from the golf course , Woods continually squeezed his right hand and released his fingers .
" I might have a bulging disk , " he said .
( CNN ) --
When Billy Nungesser appears on the news , sweat - soaked and breathless , railing against BP and the government for failing to keep the oil in the Gulf of Mexico from reaching Louisiana 's shores , the anguish on the politician 's face is real .
" He takes this personally because he feels a great responsibility for the lives and livelihoods of the people of Plaquemines Parish , " said Benny Puckett , a parish employee who works for Nungesser .
" When he says things that some people take as controversial , he does n't mean to be controversial ; he 's just speaking from his heart . "
Among his more provocative statements : that the leadership of the Coast Guard and Army Corps of Engineers should be fired , that their plan of attack has been an " embarrassment . "
" They had no plan to keep the oil out , even though they said it would n't come ashore .
They had no plan to clean it up .
They had no plan to make the fishermen whole .
It 's like it 's being run with a bunch of seventh - graders , " the outspoken freshman parish president said last week .
" This is absolutely ridiculous and unacceptable . "
Nungesser , president of Louisiana 's southernmost parish , where the Mississippi River meets the Gulf , spoke with President Obama on Friday about how to minimize the spill 's impact on a community whose livelihood depends on fishing and offshore oil industries .
Nungesser has said he is confident in the president 's assurance that something would be done to protect the barrier islands , which come more than a month after the politician began sounding the alarm bell over the spill 's potential impact on Plaquemines ' extensive network of marshes and waterways .
Nungesser hopes berms can be built to protect the area from the oil , and the Coast Guard was part of a discussion on the idea Tuesday .
" [ President Obama ] has the opportunity ... to do the right thing on these berms , " Nungesser said in a phone interview Tuesday night .
" If the truth gets back to him on these berms , I 'm confident he 'll do the right thing . "
Since the early days of the massive oil spill , the Louisiana native has been going non-stop , according to friends and family , waking up around 3 a.m. and returning home at 11 p.m. , after a full day of meetings , tours of the area and rounds on local and national news networks .
" I worry about him .
I 'm concerned about him dropping dead on me because he never stops , " said friend Leo Polazzo , who has known Nungesser since his days as a local businessman .
" I talk to his fiancée to find out about him , because I can't talk to him because he 's so busy . "
Nungesser says his energy comes from wanting " to do the right thing . "
" Dad always told me I had one speed : always wide open , " he said .
" I can't rest as long as the job still needs to be done . "
His outspokenness comes as no surprise to those who know him .
Before Nungesser became the weary face representing Louisiana 's coastal communities , he was already known among friends and constituents as someone who'd do anything to help others , who 'd open his home to strangers and stray animals alike .
Like most Gulf Coast natives , his backstory is tied to the industries that have sustained the region .
He grew up in Algiers , outside of New Orleans , working in his father 's cannery before starting his own business ventures .
He was the second of four children and was known as the class clown who could never stay still and often brought home stray animals much to his parents ' chagrin , his sister , Heidi Nungesser Landry , said .
" Billy never sat down for a meal .
He probably had [ attention deficit disorder ] , but they did n't diagnose it in those days .
Our father would tell him to sit in the corner , and he could not stand still , " she said .
After high school , he attended LSU and Holy Cross but did n't graduate , she said .
Inspired by his father , William Nungesser Sr. , a local businessman and chairman of the state Republican Party , she said the younger Nungesser made an unsuccessful run for state representative and served on the state levee board in the 1980s .
Soon after he began working for his father 's business , which had evolved into a catering company for the offshore industry , providing cooks and food on oil rigs .
During trips out to check on operations or fill in for someone who called in sick , Nungesser became aware of living conditions on the rig and came up with an idea for his own business : converting old shipping containers into living quarters .
General Marine Leasing proved to be a great success , mostly due to Nungesser 's finesse with clients , said Rene Cross , a contractor who became a friend of Nungesser 's after working with him .
" He made it a priority to keep in touch with his clients and to listen to them .
If they wanted modifications or a Jacuzzi , he 'd find a way to do it , " he said .
" He 's brilliant .
He 's an idea man .
He has a million ideas , and he is determined to make them all work . "
By the time a Canadian company offered to buy General Marine Leasing from him for a reported $ 18 million , Nungesser had moved to Plaquemines Parish , bought property on a low level of land and turned his sights to raising elk .
He acquired more than 100 head in Nebraska and corralled them in an area of his property , but could never bring himself to kill them , Cross said .
" He treated them all like they were his kids , like puppy dogs , " he said .
" I think he sent a few to the butcher , but you can also use their horns for vitamin supplements , so he ended up making a profit by grinding up their horns . "
Nungesser lost most of his herd when Hurricane Katrina roared through Plaquemines in 2005 , carrying some of the elk up to 30 miles from his property , Cross said .
Yet Nungesser eagerly participated in relief efforts , taking his airboat on rescue missions , opening his home to stranded people and abandoned animals , and helping to clear roads .
On adjacent property , a riding facility that he built for handicapped children became a staging ground for relief efforts , where volunteers slept and supplies were stored , according to Puckett , who worked on Nungesser 's property coordinating relief efforts .
" Billy is probably the most compassionate person that I 've dealt with on a regular basis and that compassion has never waned .
It stays there all the time , " Puckett said .
" He was eager , at a moment 's notice , to help out .
He stepped up , and he never refused anybody that he could assist .
He 'd give you the shirt off his back and last dollar in pocket . "
Nungesser says he ran for parish president in part because he did n't see the incumbent in the community during the Katrina clean - up .
" I saw absolutely no one standing up for the people of this parish , " he said .
" People told me , ' You ought to run and quit complaining . ' "
Since taking office in 2007 , those who know him say he has cemented his reputation as a dedicated champion of the beleaguered community through a long list of accomplishments in a short period of time related to recovery efforts .
" I do n't think Billy ever really relaxes .
I can get him out on the boat or hunting , and he 'll take it easy for a bit , but within 10 minutes , it 's back to the business of Plaquemines Parish , " said Cross .
" But he loves it .
He takes great joy and pride in contributing to the improvement of the community . "
Nungesser says he 'll keeping working hard as long as the oil threatens his parish .
" Things still need to be done to keep the oil out .
...
At the end of this thing , I have to know I did everything possible to save the parish and the coast land , " Nungesser said .
CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report .
Earlier this week , I talked to Kent Peterson , past president of the American Society of Heating , Refrigerating and Air Conditioning Engineers .
This was a lot more exciting that it may sound .
ASHRAE standards on energy efficiency end up written into our building codes , which means the organization plays a big role in influencing the shape of energy policy in this country .
I talked to Peterson to find out whether zero net energy buildings — buildings that produce as much ( or more ) energy as they use — were really a practical goal .
His answer might surprise you .
" We have studies that show [ zero - energy buildings ] are practical for approximately 62 % of buildings in the U.S. , based on technologies we have today , " he said .
" That 's mostly one and two - story buildings and still leaves out a lot that can't reach it , but those buildings can be low energy .
In fact , Peterson said that currently available energy efficiency technologies alone ( not even looking at generating power from wind or solar sources ) could reduce the amount of energy used by the total U.S. building stock by 50 % .
The catch : Hitting that 50 % energy reduction goal — let alone getting to zero-energy buildings — means more than buying a better boiler .
The environmental systems in buildings — the lighting , heating , cooling , etc — are already pretty efficient , Peterson says .
When your heating system is 80 % efficient , you can't get a 50 % reduction in overall energy use by focusing on squeezing out the last few drops there .
Instead , Peterson says we have to put more thought into reducing " plug load " — a fancy way of talking about all the gadgets and appliances we plug into sockets .
Think of all the stuff you leave plugged in all day .
Like the microwave .
It 's nice having that clock function , and it really does n't take much energy to run .
But over the course of a year , all the electricity you used to run that microwave clock ends up being enough to power 30 hours of microwave cooking time , Peterson says .
All the little " phantom " draws add up , and they bite us hard .
Automation is the muzzle .
I 've gotten pretty good about remembering to shut lights off in rooms nobody 's using , but expecting me ( and millions of Americans like me ) to thoughtfully and correctly power down every electronic device they are n't using even half the time is about as unrealistic as expecting Anna Karenina to become the movie blockbuster of the summer .
Instead , we can rely on " set it and forget it " systems that turn off unused devices while we 're at work or asleep based on timers or occupancy sensors .
Peterson already has something like this in his house .
" It 's just controlled by my computer in my house , and it cuts power to specific outlets either by timer or click of a button .
So I can cut power to my TV overnight , and automatically reduce phantom loads .
That system had a bigger impact on my home energy use than all my other energy saving projects combined . "
Image courtesy Flickr user Rennett Stowe , via CC
( A young woman , about twenty years old , comes up to the counter holding a copy of The Bible . )
Me : “ Hi , did you find everything you needed today ? ”
Customer : “ Yeah , hey , can you tell me what this is about ? ”
Me : “ The Bible ? ”
Customer : “ Yeah , what ’s it about ? ”
Me : “ The Bible has two parts , the Old Testament which is scriptures , and the New Testament , which contains the story of Jesus ’ life and works as told through the gospels , written by Matthew , Mark , Luke , and John . ”
Customer : “ Huh .
Is it any good ? ”
Me : “ It ’s pretty popular . ”
Customer : “ Nah , I ’ll just get this one instead . ” * puts a copy of ‘ Twilight ’ on the counter *
This story is part of our Book Lovers roundup !
Read the next Book Lovers Roundup story !
Read the Book Lovers Roundup !
DRIVE THROUGH : A taxi ploughs into a Wellington McDonald 's this morning , seriously injuring a customer .
Debris covering a trapped McDonald 's customer had to be removed by the Fire Service , after a taxi ploughed through the store in Wellington early this morning .
The taxi , operated by Amalgamated Taxis , crashed into the dining area of the Taranaki Street McDonald 's about 2.20 am .
Fire communications shift manager Jason Phillips said ambulance staff called for assistance shortly after the accident .
" No one was trapped but they wanted us to remove debris from the shop so they had better access to theinjured man . ''
It took the fire services 14 minutes to remove the debris , including parts of the shop frontage and the counter , and help lift the man onto the ambulance , Mr Phillips said .
Senior Sergeant Anita Dixon said the trapped man was a customer .
'' What I was told ... was a customer in McDonalds standing at the counter ... has been knocked over behind the counter and the counter has collapsed on top of him . ''
A 43 - year - old man inside the restaurant was seriously injured , but in a stable condition at Wellington Hospital .
He would undergo surgery this morning , hospital spokeswoman Raylene Bateman said .
Although the crash badly damaged the fast - food outlet , the mess was cleared up and the restaurant was open this morning , a McDonald 's Taranaki Street employee said .
McDonald 's spokeswoman Kate Porter said the company 's first priority was the injured customer .
McDonald 's was liaising with police to contact the injured man and have provided police with footage from the incident .
Staff were shocked and there was considerable damage , with a ' ' significant amount ' ' of broken glass , she said .
Ms Dixon said the incident would be investigated but appeared to just be a traffic incident .
'' There 's no criminal side to it ... The taxi driver made a boo boo .
It may be a guy 's charged with careless driving ... I 'm not sure . ''
The orange ambush : How 36 stunning models posing as Holland fans gatecrashed the World Cup for a beer ad
They were one of the highlights of the World Cup so far with their gorgeous looks and orange mini-dresses .
But while armchair viewers admired the 36 gorgeous Dutch girls supporting their team against Denmark , the World Cup organisers were rather more suspicious .
And when the half - time whistle blew they moved in and gave all 36 the red card after it was revealed they were part of an elaborate piece of ' ambush marketing ' by the Dutch beer company Bavaria who are not official sponsors at the tournament .
Sea of orange : The Dutch ' football fans ' pose for photographs clutching flags before the Holland vs. Denmark game .
They were thrown out at half - time after it was revealed they were part of a beer marketing campaign
Too good to be true :
The gorgeous crowd of girls all appeared to be transfixed by the match
It was every male football fan 's dream as the stunning army of Dutch supporters cheered from the stands at Johannesburg 's Soccer City stadium as Holland played in their first game of the tournament .
But now a full investigation has been launched with World Cup pundit Robbie Earle axed by ITV today after tickets for matches in South Africa were found to have been used for ' unauthorised purposes ' .
The broadcaster said a ' substantial number ' of tickets , which were for Earle 's friends and family , had been passed to a ' third party ' .
The incident relates to the Bavaria beer stunt .
Meanwhile there were plenty of genuine Holland fans dressed up in orange , some as air crews , to provide the colour for the second half .
But it was n't quite the same ...
Red card : The Dutch ' fan club ' are ejected from the match at half - time by a Fifa official
Air we go :
Some of the genuine Dutch fans dressed up as stewardesses and pilots for the game
House
Md is for sure one of the greatest series out there , at least I think so !
The series show some really nice and intelligent battles between great doctors trying to diagnostic difficult cases .
The main character , Gregory House , is controversial , sarcastic , irreverent and polemic , he is actually just brilliant .
He acts and talks like many of us would like to do but are not brave enough to do it .
The awarded House Md is so well developed that gets our attention in a way that makes us addicted to it !
We get anxious to see what will be House 's next case and how he will diagnostic it .
The whole deal is just very good ...
House 's friendship with Wilson , his eternal unsolved love affair with Cuddy , his great ' who knows more ' discussions with also egocentric Dr. Foreman and House 's vicodin addiction can guarantee us really good episodes .
With all that and lot more , House gained tons of fans out there , fans that like the series so much that they produced some really cool artworks about it .
And it was browsing around deviantART that I found some of these fans artworks and decided to show here to you !
And do n't forget to click at the image to visit the artist 's page !
And also , in case you have an artwork about the House to share , the comments are open for you !
I hope you like it as much as I did !
And remember , it 's never lupus ! ;)
jessie145
Cataclysm-X
harmlessfangirl
CrystallineColey
SilentKW
Petite - Madame
euclase
mishinsilo
justspawn
Melwasul
conworth
rambeltoy
dongpeiyen1000
Avalantis
Dorotty
EatToast
VivalaVida
SilentPortrait
on3n0x
SaladBowl
Azzurri107
SheldonSands
GH - Graphics
hannah - dora
ChildOfPuck
x -piracy
Zenkashi
andrewchandler80
MrsGraves
ilojleen
jarah
Gp5
Since my first year of college , I 've always wanted to make linux my primary operating system .
Distros and Desktop managers were not really known to me , so these issues were n't currently present .
This was even before I started programming .
But , I was always tinkering with my computer .
As I became more and more comfortable with the $ 750 computer issued to me by the school , I began exploring my boundaries .
There 's a sexual innuendo in there somewhere , but I 'll leave it for now .
My good friend Pete showed me the ropes of programming in C .
I had never programmed before , but I picked it up quite quickly , and was soon off programming on my own , doing my own thing .
I wanted to take my technical environment a step further , and so , as has been eluded by the opening sentence and the title of this blog entry , I installed linux for the first time , my distribution of choice being Ubuntu 7.10 .
Back then , of course as many readers will remember , was when you had to fix the touch pad .
What fun for a new linux user .
I cannot count the number of times I had to revert back to windows or reinstall my operating system because something bad happened , or I needed windows for a course , or whatever .
I can remember right before a final exam , reinstalling my operating system so as to have PSpice working properly , or have Maple or Matlab installed and good to go .
I can remember my first experiance programming on linux , using just the command line , driving my entire section crazy with system beeps because I really had no clue what the hell I was doing .
I realize this only now looking back .
Looking now , I know what I am doing about 60 - 70 % of the time .
The other half of the time is google ( most people will agree with me ... do n't lie , you know it 's true ... ) .
This was all only in my first year of college .
I 'm not going to bore you with the next two , but briefly give an overview of my current system , and what open source apps have lead me into adopting Linux as my primary operating system for the last 6 months solid .
I will say that over those years , I have tried linux a number of times , and have usually gone back to windows .
Especially after my school literally gave me a copy of windows 7 .
But I digress .
My distribution of choice is currently Arch Linux .
It 's lightweight , fast , and I only install the apps I need , and can get them on the go when I need them .
Also , it is rolling release , so there really is no upgrading the distribution , there is just updating the system normally .
( As far as I am aware ? ) .
So here are my open source apps , what I use them for , why I chose them , alternatives if I know any ... etc...
General Computing
- Distro - Arch Linux x64 - Fast , lightweight , simple - Debian , Ubuntu , Fedora ... and the list goes on
- Desktop Manager - KDE - Computer spec'd out enough to run it well , I like the way it looks - Alternatives : Gnome , XFCE , LXDE ...
- Web Browser - Firefox - I 've used it for years , very customizable , fast , efficient - Alternatives : Chrome , Konqueror , Midori
- Music Player - Amarok -
Best player I 've seen for KDE , works with my iPod - Alternatives : some are distro dependant , XMMS2 , MPD , Banshee
- Video Player - VLC - Hands down best video player I 've ever used .
Supports everything - Alternatives : media player distributed with your distribution
- Monitor - Conky -
Very customizable - Alternatives : I guess opening htop or whatever every time you want to see everything ?
No thanks .
- Text Editor - Vim -
Extreamly powerful if you stfu and learn the keyboard commands - Alternatives : Emacs i guess .
- Image Editor - gimp - extreamly powerful .
that is all - Alternatives : who needs one ?
- Paint program - KolourPaint - first one I saw , works well enough .
- Alternatives :
This one 's for KDE , look for one for your DE
----------------------
Work
- PCB Design - PCB and GSchem - Well known , standardized output files ( gerber ) - Alternatives : in linux ?
i do n't know .
- Circuit Sim - Qucs -
Well built , open source circuit simulator used in a few classes - Alternatives : PSpice in a virtual box
- Virtual Machine - Virtualbox - I use the PLUA version for usb support , Works awesome !
Make sure you add yourself to vboxusers group so you can access usb devices !
( you will need to log out and back in too ) - Alternatives : Vmware ...
- IDE - Eclipse -
Does everything , and you can download different parts as it suits you - Alternatives : Netbeans , codeblocks ( C or C++ only )
- Compilers - GNU Toolchain - this includes GCC , G++ , ld , etc .
Very well made , sticks with standards - Alternatives : tcc ?
- Note taking - BasKet - Works like onenote , easy to keep everything organized - Alternatives : Distro dependant
- Office Suit - OpenOffice.org - Great features !
better than KOffice - Alternatives - KOffice or mix and match with programs like AbiWord
Any questions , thoughts , comments , rants , suggestions , beratements , compliments , flirtations , frustrations , admirations , intimidations , or the like can be left in the comments section .
Peace ,
Bodom
Veteran reporter Helen Thomas , who has covered the White House since the John F. Kennedy administration , is retiring immediately following her controversial statements about Israel , Hearst Newspapers reports .
Thomas , 89 , became a columnist for Hearst newspapers after leaving UPI , where she worked for decades .
Updated at 12:23 p.m. ET : In comments captured on video by rabbilive.com , Thomas says Israelis should " get the hell out of Palestine , " suggesting they go to Germany , Poland or the U.S .
The controversy prompted Thomas to be dropped by her speaker 's bureau .
She also agreed not to deliver a commencement speech at Walt Whitman High School in suburban Bethesda , Md. , the Associated Press reports .
Thomas later wrote on her website that " I deeply regret my comments I made last week regarding the Israelis and the Palestinians . "
Thomas did not appear today at the morning White House press briefing .
Asked today about her marks , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs called them " offensive and reprehensible " and added that they " do not reflect certainly the opinion of most of the people here and certainly not of the administration . "
Thomas , according to excerpts from her biography , is the daughter of a Lebanese immigrant who came to the United States in 1892 .
More here from The Oval .
( Posted by Doug Stanglin )
This week , Fox News anchor Greta Van Susteren posted a poll asking who was dumber :
She or a guy who sent her hate mail .
Since we last checked , those voting " Greta " rose from 58 % to 77 % .
A landslide !
Go vote !
Neurotoxin Pesticide Sprayed By BP Now Tops 1 Million Gallons
BP ’s latest oil spill response update for June 4th says the total amount of the dispersant used in the Gulf of Mexico more than 1,021,000 gallons .
But what most people do n’t know is that the active ingredient of the toxic chemical dispersant , which is up to 60 % by volume , being sprayed by BP to fight the Gulf oil spill is a is a neurotoxin pesticide that is acutely toxic to both human and aquatic life , causes cancer , causes damage to internal organs such as the liver and kidneys simply by absorbing it through the skin and may cause reproductive side effects .
In fact the neurotoxin pesticide that is lethal to 50 % of life in concentrations as little as 2.6 parts per million has been banned for use in the UK since 1998 because it failed the UK “ Rocky shore test ” which assures that the dispersant does not cause a “ significant deleterious ecological change ” – meaning it can delete an ecology or more specifically delete the entire food chain .
Corexit has also earned the highest EPA warning label for toxicity which means the effects of the toxic chemicals to the eye are corrosive resulting in irreversible destruction of ocular tissue and other tissue with corneal involvement along with an burning that can persist for more than 21 days and effects to human skin are corrosive resulting in tissue destruction into the dermis and / or scarring .
Corexit was widely used after the 1989 Exxon Valdez spill and according to a literature review performed by the group the Alaska Community Action on Toxics was later linked with widespread long lasting health impacts in people including respiratory , nervous system , liver , kidney and blood disorders .
The “ Human Health Hazards ” are said to be “ Chronic ” for Corexit EC9527A according to the EPA .
So What Are These Dispersants Made Of That Makes Them Such a Powerful Neurotoxin Pesticide ?
The main ingredients of Corexit is 2 - Butoxyethanol which can make up to 60 % of the dispersant and is known to be toxic to blood , kidneys , liver , and the central nervous system ( CNS ) .
2 -Butoxyethanol is also known to cause cancer , birth defects and has been found to cause genetic mutations and is a delayed chronic health hazard as well as an environmental hazardous material
Corexit also contains Arsenic , Cadmium , Chromium , Mercury , and Cyanide .
How effective is Corexit in dispersing Gulf crude ?
Corexit 9500 is only 54.7 % effective and Corexit 9527A is 63.4 % effective in dispersing the crude oil found off the shores of South Louisiana .
Why allow the use of these toxic dispersants ?
Well the EPA has ordered BP to stop using the dispersants but BP has refused .
The EPA justifies the use of dispersants because they are less toxic than oil and the cause less of an environment impact that oil along the coastline .
However the choice of using Corexit contradicts both of those justifications .
Corexit is lethal in as little as 2.6 parts per million where oil is lethal in 11 parts per million meaning that Corexit is over 4 times more toxic than oil .
Furthermore scientific studies show that oil dispersed with Corexit is 11 times more lethal than oil alone .
In fact the study referenced showed that crude oil was lethal at 4250 parts per million to killifish but combination of oil mixed with Corexit was lethal in as little as 317.7 ppm .
“ Dispersed oils were more toxic than crude oils , ” noted the report .
The other justification of lessening the environmental impact along the shoreline does n’t hold up either as the reason Corexit was banned in the UK is because it was in fact shown to have a “ significant deleterious ecological change ” on the shoreline .
The fact Corexit is 4 times as toxic as oil and up to 11 times as toxic when combined with oil it literally makes no sense to allow the use of such a toxic chemical that can “ delete ” the ecological systems along the Gulf coast .
A report in the journal Environmental Toxicology a decade ago concluded that lethality levels in “ dispersed oil combinations were significantly more toxic to these organisms than .. crude oil . ”
Another study , this time of snails and amphipods reached exactly the same conclusion .
What are the long term effects of Corexit ?
The EPA has stated over and over that the long term effects of the use of Corexit are unknown yet there is plenty of data documenting the long term effects on humans ( see below ) .
Further making the EPA claims questionable is EPA ’s Deepwater horizon response sites site clearly states that between 1 million and 2.5 million gallons of the neurotoxin pesticide Corexit was used in the 1979 ixtoc oil spill which makes it unfathomable that the EPA does n’t know what the long term effects are of a chemical that has been widely used , and eventually banned in certain countries , over a period of 30 years .
To the contrary of the EPA ’s statement scientific studies widely state Corexit 9527 has been tested extensively in the laboratory and used on oil spills since 1978 and a considerable number of toxicity reports exist concerning a wide variety of species .
So why does the Federal Government continue to tell us the the long term effects of the dispersant usage are unknown ?
Why does the Federal Government continue to pretend like they know so little about the dispersant BP is being used ?
What are the chemical components of the dispersants COREXIT 9500 and COREXIT 9527 ?
While the main ingredient which makes up to 60 % of Corexit is reason enough to cause concern .
If you dig any more dirt on these let me know .
The components of COREXIT 9500 and 9527 are :
CAS Registry Number Chemical Name 57 - 55 - 6 1,2 - Propanediol 111-76-2 2-butoxy - Ethanol 577-11 -7 Butanedioic acid , 2 - sulfo- , 1,4 - bis ( 2 - ethylhexyl ) ester , sodium salt ( 1:1 ) 1338 -43 -8 Sorbitan , mono-(9Z )-9-octadecenoate 9005-65 -6 Sorbitan , mono - ( 9Z ) - 9- octadecenoate , poly ( oxy - 1,2 - ethanediyl ) derivs .
9005 - 70-3 Sorbitan , tri -( 9Z ) - 9-octadecenoate , poly ( oxy - 1,2- ethanediyl ) derivs 29911 - 28 - 2 2 - Propanol , 1-(2- butoxy -1-methylethoxy ) - 64742-47-8 Distillates ( petroleum ) , hydrotreated light
The have also been found to contain Arsenic , Cadmium , Chromium , Mercury , and Cyanide among other heavy metals
What are the Chronic Health effects of Corexit ?
Here are some of the highlights from the MSDS for the active ingredient ( 2 - butoxyethanol ) – of Corexit ( up to 60 % by volume )
Severe over - exposure can result in death .
MUTAGENIC EFFECTS : Mutagenic for bacteria and / or yeast .
The substance may be toxic to blood , kidneys , liver , central nervous system ( CNS ) .
Repeated or prolonged exposure to the substance can produce target organs damage .
Repeated exposure to highly ( this ) toxic material may produce general deterioration of health by an accumulation in one or many human organs .
Hazardous in case of skin contact ( permeator ) , of ingestion , of inhalation .
May cause adverse reproductive effects ( maternal and paternal fertility , fetoxicity )
May cause birth defects ( teratogenic )
May cause cancer ( tumorigenic )
Penetrates intact skin easily and can cause systemic effects and central nervous system depression
Inhalation : May cause irritation of the respiratory tract .
May affect behavior ( analgesia ) , behavior / central nervous system ( headache , drowsiness , dizzness , stuttering , coma , weakness , ataxia , slurred speech , loss of coordination and judgement , personality changes , analgesia , blurred vision , tremor , excitement , somnolence ) , sense organs , the gastrointestinal tract ( nausea , vomiting ) , metabolism ( metabolic acidosis ) , respiration ( dyspnea ) , urinary system ( kidneys – hematuria , albuminuria , polyuria , oliguria , renal failure ) , liver ( liver damage ) .
Exposure to high vapor concentration may also cause corneal or lens opacity of the eyes .
Ingestion : Causes gastrointestinal tract irritation with nausea , vomiting , diarrhea .
May affect behavior / central
nervous system ( see inhalation ) , respiration ( dyspnea ) , metabolism , cardiovascular system .
nervous system ( see inhalation ) , respiration ( dyspnea ) , metabolism , cardiovascular system .
Chronic Potential Health Effects : Inhalation and Ingestion : Prolonged or repeated inhalation or ingestion may affect the liver , blood ( changes in red blood cell count , pigmented or nucleated red blood cells , microcytosis with or without anemia , erythropenia , reticulocytosis , granulocytosis , leukocytosis ) , urinary system ( kidneys - hematuria ) , metabolism ( weight loss ) , endocrine system ( spleen , thymus , pancreas ) .
Prolonged or repeated inhalation of high concentrations may also cause lung hemmorrhage , congestion , bronchopneumonia .
Classified in Canada as CLASS D - 1A : Material causing immediate and serious toxic effects ( VERY TOXIC ) .
Classified in Canada as CLASS D - 2B : Material causing other toxic effects ( TOXIC )
What does the EPA say about the human health effects expected as a result of using the dispersants ?
The EPA warning about human health affects says
Still feeling the strain following his hugely successful solo album debut three years previous , George Michael told the LA Times ‘ Calendar Magazine in September of 1990 that he would be shunning the limelight prior to , and during , the decidedly low - key release of his new album , Listen Without Prejudice Vol.
1 ; specifically there were to be very few interviews , no promotional music videos , and no tour .
Many fans were understandably displeased with his approach , but the reaction of one person in particular will forever stand out .
The text of the following letter , written by Mr. Frank Sinatra , appeared in the same magazine the next week .
Transcript follows .
( Source : Dolly ; Image : Frank Sinatra , via . )
Transcript
FRANK SINATRA
September 9 , 1990
Dear Friends ,
When I saw your Calendar cover today about George Michael , “ the reluctant pop star , ” my first reaction was he should thank the good Lord every morning when he wakes up to have all that he has . ,
And that ’ll make two of us thanking God every morning for all that we have .
I do n’t understand a guy who lives “ in hopes of reducing the strain of his celebrity status . ”
Here ’s a kid who “ wanted to be a pop star since I was about 7 years old . ”
And now that he ’s a smash performer and songwriter at 27 he wants to quit doing what tons of gifted youngsters all over the world would shoot grandma for – just one crack at what he ’s complaining about .
Come on George , Loosen up .
Swing , man , Dust off those gossamer wings and fly yourself to the moon of your choice and be grateful to carry the baggage we ’ve all had to carry since those lean nights of sleeping on buses and helping the driver unload the instruments
And no more of that talk about “ the tragedy of fame . ”
The tragedy of fame is when no one shows up and you ’re singing to the cleaning lady in some empty joint that has n’t seen a paying customer since Saint Swithin ’s day .
And you ’re nowhere near that ; you ’re top dog on the top rung of a tall ladder called Stardom , which in latin means thanks - to - the - fans who were there when it was lonely .
Talent must not be wasted .
Those who have it – and you obviously do or today ’s Calendar cover article would have been about Rudy Vallee – those who have talent must hug it , embrace it , nurture it and share it lest it be taken away from you as fast as it was loaned to you .
Trust me .
I ’ve been there .
( Signed , ‘ Frank Sinatra ’ )
© 1990 Frank Sinatra
This question is kind of fun , but the answer to it can reveal how we think about money at the deepest levels .
Budgeting paychecks is a matter of necessity ; we have a certain amount of income that needs to be allocated to cover a certain level of expenses .
When it comes to windfalls however , options enter the equation .
Unlike “ have to ”  situations , we have some flexibility , and it ’s in those options that we discover how we think about money and even how responsible we really are when it comes to handling it .
Some common windfall sources include :
Bonuses
Inheritance
Unusually large commission checks
Family gifts
Large tax refunds
Sale of an asset
For our purposes , let ’s assume that the amount of the windfall is at least $ 1000 , so as to be meaningful , but less than $ 20,000 , which for most of us would keep it from being a grab bag large enough that we would n’t have to make hard choices .
What would you do with it , and what might that say about your attitude toward money ?
Would you ” ¦
This eliminates both a debt and the monthly payment on it .
You ’re using the windfall to improve cash flow , and to set up a future stream of smaller windfalls from the monthly payments you no longer have to make .
This is like a gift that keeps on giving .
You see money as a means to eliminate pain .
Spend it on something you really need
There are all kinds of possibilities here , but hopefully you ’ll lean in favor of buying something that can provide a long term stream of recognizable benefits .
Exercise equipment might be one such purchase which can reap dividends for many years .
Replacing an outdated computer system is another , since it ’s practically impossible to be a vital part of the 21st century economy without a good one .
It ’s likely that you see money as a means to improve the quality of your life .
By saving the windfall , you ’re keeping your powder dry in case of an unforeseen emergency .
This type of allocation may not feel good in the short run , but there ’s much to be said for having a sufficient amount of money salted away that you can sleep better and worry less .
There ’s a good chance you see money as a form of insurance to insulate you from disaster .
Since it ’s found money , you try to make it bigger by putting it into an investment vehicle that will enable it to grow and provide an even bigger windfall in the future .
Maybe you ’re investing it in an attempt to grow it until it ’s large enough that it will enable you to buy something at a later date that the windfall is n’t large enough to cover .
Like paying off debt , investing a windfall produces a gift that keeps giving .
You ’re comfortable with delayed gratification and see money as a tool to earn still more money .
Spend it on a good time or buying something fun
Since it ’s found money that you can live without , you spend it doing something or buying something that will bring you pleasure .
You mostly see money as a means to do what you like , or you ’re an incurable optimist who expects a steady stream of windfalls in the future .
No real plan , you just roll along and see what happens
It may sound crazy to include this in the list of possibilities , but sometimes with some people , there is no plan .
The windfall is just folded into the regular budget , and you live better for as long as the windfall lasts .
When it ’s gone , you simply go back to business as usual .
You probably have a casual attitude toward money , and it mostly comes and goes in your life .
If I had to choose one over the others , it would be to bank it .
Not only does this provide increased liquidity in the event of an emergency , but it also enables you to defer spending it until you have a purpose that ’s truly out of the ordinary .
There ’s always a tendency to think “ what will we spend it on ”  when a windfall comes in , but perhaps it does n’t need to be spent , at least not in the short run .
We can all come up with a nearly infinite list of wants and needs to spend money on now , but if we think of windfalls as manna from above , perhaps it ’s best to hold them for something truly special , something that will make a difference in our lives .
What would you do with a windfall ?
Any of the above , a combination , or maybe something not listed so far ?
This post is from FiscalGeek staff writer : Kevin Mercadante .
I ’m very excited to have him contributing to the site .
You can find out more about him at his own blog OutOfYourRut.com .
( Photo courtesy of Amagill )
Corporate greed masquerading as the ' Taxpayer 's Right to Vote , ' and another example of the corporate perversion of the ' citizens initiative ' process in California ...
Ernest A. Canning Byon 5/9/2010 , 7:19 pm PT
Guest blogged by Ernest A. Canning
On California 's June ballot this year , a measure paid for and deceptively represented by one major corporate sponsor , Pacific Gas & Electric ( PG&E ) , purports to be a " Taxpayers Right to Vote Act . "
In truth , the initiative represents one corporation 's attempt to pervert the " citizen 's initiative " process by spending millions to deceive voters into believing they can push back against the vaguely socialist - sounding notion of " government - run electric service . "
The measure is anything but a " Taxpayers Right to Vote Act , " and that name itself has even been out - and - out rejected for use on the ballot by the state 's Attorney General --- not that it has stopped PG&E from misleadingly selling it that way to the public in a multi-million dollar television ad buy and direct - mail propaganda campaign ...
Perfect Corporate Storm
In " Citizens United : A Case Which Will Live in Infamy , " I urged that the expansion of unlimited " free speech " rights to private , fictional entities known as " corporations " came at the expense of the underpinnings of a vibrant " free press " as envisioned by the framers of the U.S. Constitution ; a press which would act as the ultimate check against the abuse of power by ensuring that the public has access to vital , democracy - sustaining information .
In " Meg Whitman , Wall Street , ' Billionaire Sociopaths ' and the Media ' Substance Deficit ' , " I provided a classic example of how a deficit of actual substance offered by the corporate mainstream media to citizens , coupled with the privatization of the electoral process , opened the door to a " one- sided political phenomenon which has seen a stealth candidate [ Whitman ] , with disturbing connections to Goldman Sachs , soar to the top of the polls , " virtually without notice of those ties being given by the media to the public .
I raised the concern that this one - sided phenomenon could provide Wall Street with ( yet another ) means to fleece California .
And now , the messages of the two essays cited above combine to form the perfect , deceptive corporatist storm in the guise of a blitzkrieg of corporate propaganda in support of the Prop 16 initiative scheduled to appear on the June 2010 California ballot .
Though the giant private utility company sponsoring it continues to describe the measure as the " Taxpayer Right to Vote Act , " PG&E chairman Peter Darbee , has more aptly acknowledged , per a lawsuit filed by a coalition of public utilities , that despite the populist resonance of the unforgivably misleading title used to sell it , the initiative represents little more than one corporation 's well - funded effort " to choke off competition . "
The prospects of California citizens becoming as well - informed about the truth behind the measure as they undoubtedly will be disinformed by the corporate publicity campaign in favor of it by June , remain dismal at best --- particularly given the track record of the state 's corporate mainstream media .
Corporate Perversion of ' Direct Democracy '
As observed by Robert N. Stern of the Center for Governmental Studies , the initiative process in California began as a progressive exercise in direct democracy in the early part of the last century , intended to counter the corrupting influence of corporate power over the state legislature , especially as then exercised by the Southern Pacific Railroad .
Nearly a century has passed since Governor Hiram Johnson ( R - CA ) placed three forms of direct democracy --- " initiative , referendum , and recall --- on the ballot .
They were overwhelmingly approved by the voters " in 1911 , during a progressive - era California election which also ushered in a woman 's right to vote in California elections .
That right would not be enshrined at the federal level until Aug. 18 , 1920 when the 19th Amendment was ratified .
The idea was to permit ordinary citizens to bypass the state legislature by initiating and then voting on ballot measures directly .
Unfortunately , in 1911 Governor Johnson and other progressive reformers failed to foresee the enormous difficulty ordinary citizens would encounter in effectuating this form of direct democracy .
The 1910 population in California was slightly more than 2.3 million .
Today , it is estimated to be in excess of 36 million .
In order to qualify an initiative for a new state statute , proponents must , within 150 days of the date the CA Attorney General reviews the initiative and provides a ballot title secure registered voter signatures of 5 % of the votes cast for all candidates for governor in the preceding election .
For an initiative which amends the California constitution , the proponent must gather signatures equal to 8 % of all votes cast for governor in the last election .
In 2010 , this meant garnering 433,971 validated signatures for a state statute initiative and 694,354 validated signatures for a constitutional amendment just to see a measure placed on the ballot .
As noted in a November 2000 study by the Public Policy Institute of California [ PDF ] , the difficulty in meeting these numbers led to an " initiative industrial complex " which includes " companies providing services such as signature gathering , legal services , and campaign consulting " that operates continually , and not just during election years .
" The days of romanticizing it as the citizens ' initiative process are long over . "
Of the more than 90 propositions that were either submitted to the California Elections Office or proposed by the state legislature for the June 8 and Nov. 2 , 2010 elections , only five measures qualified for the June 8 ballot .
Proposition 16 is one of only two measures on the June 8 ballot which was qualified as a constitutional amendment .
The average cost just to place those two constitutional amendments on the ballot was $ 2.2 million per initiative .
How many citizens ' groups can afford that , do you suppose ?
In " Engineering California 's Economic Collapse , " I recounted how California 's " looming economic disaster stems from a greed - based , Republican agenda which seeks to destroy government , replacing its public functions --- health , education , safety --- with a privatized , for profit system --- an agenda which has succeeded in large measure in California because it is the only state where a 2/3 majority approval is required on all revenue and budget legislation . "
I pointed to George Lakoff's " California Democracy Act , " a proposed ballot initiative , which sought to end the stranglehold the GOP held on the budget process , despite solid Democratic majorities in the California legislature , by permitting budget and revenue legislation to pass through the statehouse by a simple majority .
Michael Hiltzik of the Los Angeles Times reported that Lakoff 's effort to qualify the initiative for the June 2010 ballot fell short .
Lakoff told Hiltzik , " We had to depend on volunteers , and you absolutely need professional signature gatherers . "
And , of course , the $ 2.2 million needed to purchase them .
The enormous advantage to corporate wealth and power only begins with the near impossible numbers faced by grass roots organizations in qualifying a measure for the ballot .
Stern observes that " initiatives are frequently too long and complex .
Many voters lack the education , reading skills , or time to fully understand ballot initiatives . "
Proponents of corporate - sponsored initiatives take advantage of this by " misleading slate mailers and broadcast advertising ... Voters have few sources of objective information available to them during initiative campaigns . "
Deception has been employed even during the signature gathering process , as occurred when scores of California voters were recently duped into signing what they thought was a marijuana legalization initiative only to later learn that they had been re-registered as Republicans --- an example of voter registration fraud that James O'Keefe , Andrew Breitbart and the rest of the ACORN - bashing crowd at Fox " News " chose to ignore for some reason .
The same media substance deficit which aids the ability of a stealth Wall Street - connected billionaire to project a deceptively favorable self - image , permits wealthy corporations to mount one - sided , deceptive campaigns in order to secure special interest state constitutional amendments , which , once approved by the voters , cannot be overturned by the state legislature .
As noted in " Meg Whitman , Wall Street , ' Billionaire Sociopaths ' and the Media ' Substance Deficit , ' " citing the March 11 , 2010 USC study [ PDF ] , where 68 % of L.A. area citizens rely on local TV stations as their primary source of " news , " what they receive , when their attention is not being diverted by celebrity gossip , can in no sense be described as journalism .
As the report found , during a typical 30 - minute L.A. TV " news " broadcast , just 23 seconds are devoted to local education , health care , and law enforcement issues as compared to 8 minutes and 25 seconds of commercial advertising and an additional 2 minutes and 10 seconds to " teasers " promising coverage to come .
The 2000 Public Policy Institute of California study revealed that " two in three Californians believe that the media ... is the most influential source of information when it comes to voters ' decisions on whether to vote yes or no on initiatives ... The majority of Californians ( 53 % ) believe that voters are not receiving enough information to decide how to vote on initiatives , while 15 percent say there is ' more than enough ' information ... "
PG&E's Deceptive ' Power Play '
For many Californians the primary source of information they currently receive about the June 2010 election is coming by way of a propaganda blitz from three sources : the dueling political ads from Republican Gubernatorial candidates Steve Poizner and Meg Whitman and the pro-Proposition 16 ad ( video below ) , which Ted Redmond of Local Clean Energy described as a $ 30 million expenditure of rate - payer monies for an ad that is " breathtaking in the majesty of its lies and misinformation . "
According to the Sacramento Bee , " PG&E has spent $ 34.5 million promoting the proposition . "
Where the ad describes the measure as " The Taxpayers Right to Vote Act , " the California Attorney General 's office rejected [ PDF ] that label .
It will be described on the ballot as " The New Two - Thirds Requirement for Local Public Electricity Providers . "
Michael Hiltzik of the Los Angeles Times suggested a more apt title would be the " ' Immunize PG&E from Competition ' initiative . "
San Francisco City Attorney Dennis Herrera , discussing the city 's decision to join with a coalition of public utilities in a lawsuit which seeks to remove the measure from the ballot , said Proposition 16 has " no bearing on taxation and government spending ... Despite what its proponents would have us believe , Prop 16 does n't help taxpayers and does n't empower voters --- in fact , it does the exact opposite . "
According to a staff report by the Sacramento Public Utility District [ PDF ] , rather than protect the rights of a democratic majority , Proposition 16 would permit a minority of 1/3 - plus - one voters to block the will of the majority of the electorate to choose less expensive electricity service from a non-profit public utility .
The Contra Costa Times explained :
PG&E ... put this proposition on the ballot ... to make it more difficult for cities or counties to form CCAs --- Community Choice Aggregators .
With CCAs , cities or counties buy electricity for their residents , saving money for the consumers because they operate not - for - profit , while traditional utility companies , such as PG&E , continue to own and operate the electrical grid .
PG&E is trying to convince the public to vote yes by framing this proposition as a " taxpayers right " initiative , when its true intent is to benefit themselves by thwarting other municipalities from becoming CCAs !
In the lawsuit , the coalition of public utility companies have argued the title used to gather signatures for the petition --- " The Taxpayers Right to Vote Act " --- was so deceptive as to invalidate the signatures .
They have asked " Superior Court Judge Allen H. Sumner to order Secretary of State Debra Bowen to disqualify the initiative from the ballot . "
According to Cosimo Garvin of NewsReview.com , the true source of the initiative is a reaction by PG&E --- the state 's largest private for - profit energy provider --- to a previous effort by the non-profit Sacramento Municipal Utility District ( SMUD ) to expand its less expensive electricity service to areas currently monopolized by PG&E .
Although PG&E successfully fended off the effort by pouring millions of dollars into opposing ballot measures that would have permitted the expansion , PG&E 's margin of victory in Yolo County was less than one percent .
Garvin 's piece reflects that PG&E 's concern is not that electricity consumers did not have the right to vote on a choice between public and private energy providers , but that a simple majority could end the PG&E monopoly in a given community --- something which underscores the deception behind both the label and the television ad .
Complaints about the deception are not limited to the title or the body of the ad .
The Utilities Reform Network ( TURN ) notes that while the ad claims to be sponsored by " Californians to Protect Our Right to Vote " and that , in addition to PG&E , " major funding " was provided by " a coalition of taxpayers , environmentalists , renewable energy , business and labor , " the " ' No on 16 ' group claims that PG&E is the sole contributor to the ' Yes on 16 ' campaign . "
TURN 's Mindy Spatt described the initiative as " the worst kind of special interest ballot proposition ... Something that would basically benefit one corporation at the expense of everybody else . "
Where Garvin quoted a PG&E spokesperson as complaining about a " government takeover , " one of PG&E 's current customers posted a comment at another site : " So when do we get to vote on PG&E being our energy provider ?
I do n't recall being given that choice . "
* * *
PG&E 's deceptive ' Yes on Proposition 16 ' 30 - second ad follows ...
* * *
Ernest A. Canning has been an active member of the California state bar since 1977 .
Mr. Canning has received both undergraduate and graduate degrees in political science as well as a juris doctor .
He is also a Vietnam vet ( 4th Infantry , Central Highlands 1968 ) .
Incoming text from the Supreme Court : “ Privacy ?
LOL .
Use ur phone . ”
The court this week unanimously upheld a police department ’s search of an officer ’s personal , sometimes sexually explicit , messages on a government - owned pager , saying the search did not violate his constitutional rights .
While the ruling only applied to government workers , corporations tell employees : " When I give you this technology , you have no expectation of privacy , " said Michael Foreman , director of the Civil Rights Appellate Clinic at Penn State Dickinson School of Law .
The justices struggled with understanding the technology , and their ruling reflects that , Foreman said .
" I think that 's the issue not only of the courts , but we 're all going to be struggling with : Ultimately when you have Facebook and other kinds of technology , what is your expectation of privacy of anything ? "
The case the court reviewed involved sexually explicit text messages that Jeff Quon , a police sergeant in Ontario , Calif . , sent on his department pager .
In one month alone , Quon sent or received 456 messages during work hours and nearly 400 were personal .
Quon and three other people who sent him messages sued .
They contended the search violated their constitutional rights .
Pennsylvania workers using office technology should n’t expect privacy , said a spokesman with the Office of Administration .
“ Those devices , your computer , your Blackberry , other technology issued to you from the Commonwealth is our property and we reserve the right to monitor your use of them to make sure you are not going to sites that are not work related and engaging in behavior that is not work appropriate , ” said spokesman Dan Egan .
Of course everyone does a certain amount of personal work .
“ You need to tell your spouse to pick up eggs and milk after work , ” Egan said .
That ’s OK as long as it does n’t conflict with work and is not excessive , he said .
“ There is a certain amount of personal and work life that is blending from time to time . ”
The Associated Press contributed to this article .
We love stories as much as we need them , but a funny thing has happened to departments of literature .
The study of literature as an art form , of its techniques for delighting and instructing , has been replaced by an amalgam of bad epistemology and worse prose that goes by many names but can be summed up as Theory .
The situation seems to call for a story , and one written in the style of Jorge Luis Borges , the grand chronicler of the tragicomic struggle between humans and logic .
Rumors had reached us of a doctrine called Theory emanating from distant corners of the university .
We in the Department of Philosophy understood it immediately as a grand hoax .
I will not dwell on my particular amusement , in which I was so tragically at odds with my collaborator , Theo Rhee .
This is the story not of my particular emotions but rather of Theory .
Suffice it to say that the self - parody of the appellation , singular and majuscule as if affixed in Plato ’s firmament , appeared to rule out all interpretations competing with that of shenanigan .
So , too , did the buffoonery of the language , phraseology bloated past the point of grotesqueness .
Above all , what convinced us that we had an advanced absurdist on our hands was the localization of Theory to departments of literature , the very experts steeped in the collective genius of expression , whom we judged to be as likely to embrace violations of the laws of sense and felicity as physicists to make merry with violations of the laws of nature .
We looked to these colleagues to explain a poem to us , not to tell us our epistemology .
“ Ah , it is too good , too good , ” wheezed our affable and asthmatic chairman , Hans Furth , too much given to excessive laughter for his own aerobic good .
“ Who is it that makes such funnies ?
Is it you ? ”
That it was not I , I hastened to avow , even as he wagged an insinuating finger at my nose .
The amiable soul had sustained his exaggerated belief in my humor ever since that night , some five years ago , when we had found ourselves in a dimly lit wine cellar in Budapest , drinking Tokay , and I had discovered , with the inevitability of discoveries made late at night , that I could project the shadow puppet of an angry man on the wall behind us .
Rita Hayworth on a bicycle ...
AND bathing suit time is here .
Yeah for summer !
Anyone out there ride their bicycle in your bikini , swim suit ?!??
Big information graphics have been around for a long time .
They ’ve come in the form of maps , visualization , art , signs , etc .
That was all on paper though .
In the past couple of years , humongous , gigantic , and often really long infographics have found their way onto the computer screen , through blogs and news sites .
Some are great .
Some really suck .
The volume is booming for both .
Let ’s take a look at when this all got started , where the trend is headed , and how much we should really read into these things .
The Beginning
Like I said , information graphics have been around for centuries .
Flip through Cartographies of Time for examples , or think back to the first time you saw a pictogram on a street sign .
We ’re talking about big , modern infographics though .
For that , we turn to Google .
Here are the timelined search results :
Notice the small jump in 2007 ?
We ’re getting somewhere , but Google ’s search results are n’t quite what we ’re after .
Search results are dated by the content ’s place in time , not by when a graphic was actually made .
Search results do n’t necessarily point to an actual infographic either .
It might just be an explanation or a quote about the term .
Instead we direct our attention to Digg – where a lot of infographics go to die or live on to go viral .
A search for infographics that have hit the front page of Digg shows a surge in 2009 .
Three years before , in 2006 , was the first submission to go popular ( on August 21 ) , that contained ‘ infographic ’ in the URL , title , or description .
It got 3,226 diggs and evoked 153 comments .
To this day , I still find this graphic on the ubiquity of Starbucks and McDonald ’s in my suggestions box :
It is indeed big .
Even at today ’s resolution standards , it almost fills my entire screen .
[ Funny fact : the above , along with a series of others , were created by Jonathan Harris ( under the guise of now defunct Flaming Toast ) , who you might know from We Feel Fine and I Want You to Want Me .
We all have to start somewhere , right ? ]
There were four times as many infographics that hit the front page in 2007 as there were in 2006 .
A whole four of them .
The most popular that year , by Wade Meredith , was a timeline that explained what happens to your body when you quit smoking .
The middle portion is Meredith ’s own experience with quitting the death stick , and lines point to important stages during the quitting process .
It got 2,587 diggs and 169 comments .
The actual blog post took on a life of its own , with over 4,000 comments .
Good magazine also started publishing their weekly transparencies around this time .
They pushed their first one out in December 2006 , at least the first one that ’s available online .
Issue 002 ( I ca n’t find 001 ) showed a bunch of bubble slash pie charts that show where major charity foundations donate their money to .
It took six tries for one of the transparencies , a story of female world leaders , to make Digg ’s front page in August 2007 :
From what I can tell , Wired also started putting out infoporn around this time too , although not as regularly as Good .
This is the first one I found , which shows how much people know about the world :
In 2008 , again , there were only four infographics that made the front page , the most popular being this one from The Onion , which earned 1,218 diggs :
Of course during these early years , there were plenty of other people making graphics that were n’t popularized on Digg .
Jess Bachman ( WallStats ) published his first edition of Death & Taxes way back in 2004 .
It later became a big hit after BoingBoing posted it almost two years later .
This is important in the timeline .
As Jason Lankow of Column Five Media ( who themselves have the infographic create - and - promote program down to a science ) puts it , Jess is “ the original master of the blogroll infographic . ”
The Boom
This is when it gets interesting .
Up to this point , we ’ve seen a lot of big graphics , but the ones we ’re used to seeing nowadays are the really long infographics that fit neatly into the content column of a blog .
Well , I guess you can call 2008 the birth of the long infographic .
In late 2008 , Jess , with Column Five , created a series on beer .
It ’s not a long one quite yet though .
It ’s eight graphics designed around a single theme :
Soon after , the same group published a long infographic for Mint that looked at United States debt as an individual household .
( Click the image to view in its entirety . )
And so it began …
While in 2006 through 2008 , there was never more than four infographics that went popular , there were 225 just last year .
In January 2009 there were eight .
In December 2009 , there were 34 .
Now in 2010 , there are just under 50 that go popular per month .
Go to Digg at any time of day , and there will most likely be at least one submission labeled as “ infographic . ”
At this rate , there will probably be over three times as many big infographics that go popular this year than in 2009 .
Purpose and Audience
These are the top five most dugg infographics this year :
Notice the first two do n’t link to the original sources .
The second is an op - chart from The New York Times , and I can’t even find where the first one came from .
The third , which links to Good , is actually from the Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine ( I think ) .
The last two are more comics than anything else .
This should tell you a couple of things right off the bat .
First , a lot of digg users do n’t care about where graphics come from .
They ’ll upload it to imgur , and just submit to digg .
Attribution is really an issue for a different post ( and a different blog ) though .
More importantly , it demonstrates why people go to digg and other social media sites .
They ’re not looking for something to make them ponder their existence or explore the edges of the universe .
They ’re looking for – and digg users , correct me if I ’m wrong – humor and entertainment .
It ’s a general audience that does n’t care a whole lot about data .
They just want to see pretty pictures , and if those pictures happen to show a little bit of information , then all the better .
Oftentimes , it just has to be amusing .
No thought required .
Hence the success of sites like The Oatmeal :
So while we like to poke fun sometimes , these big infographics achieve their goal in driving traffic to the sites they appear on .
Let ’s not forget that the only reason big infographics continue to thrive is because millions of people like them .
I can tell you firsthand that whenever I post a big infographic , whether my own or someone else ’s , there is almost always more views than usual .
Of course , a lot of garbage sites have sprung up as result that pitch credit cards and sell insurance , but that ’s nothing new .
Scammers have been around since the beginning of the Web .
We ’ve managed to gain a sense of what ’s fake and what ’s real .
It should n’t be any different with these graphics .
The Evolution
This is n’t to say that all the big infographics are perfect or that it ’s okay to put out crappy work .
There ’s a lot of the latter .
People are simply learning how to analyze and display data , and on the flip side , consumers are growing more accustomed to looking at numbers .
Remember when the Web was filled with blinking buttons , brightly colored backgrounds , and Comic Sans ?
Just think of this as the prepubescent stages of infographics on the Web .
As consumers of infographics , you should be critical of them and take everything with a grain of salt .
There are going to be mistakes along the way .
Do n’t be so quick to call something a complete failure though , and if an infographic is completely off , offer something more useful than ‘ fail . ’
Nothing is going to improve with that type of comment .
As designers , always strive to improve your skills and do more with your graphics than show the numbers straight up .
Look for patterns and relationships .
Do n’t force anything , but keep an eye out .
Most importantly , do n’t just create for linkbait ’s sake .
It shows in the work if you do , and many people are already fed up with it .
As long as both groups keep up with their ends of the bargain , the evolution of these big infographics could easily be really good .
In the meantime , I ’ll do my best as your filter , only pointing you towards the high quality stuff and some of the bad from time to time , for learning ’s sake .
Investigation into direct violation of Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms should follow
Steve Watson
Infowars.net
Wednesday , Jun 30th , 2010
The Ontario government has declared that it never passed any secret emergency law allowing police to demand ID from protesters on threat of arrest in the vicinity of the G20 meeting in Toronto last weekend .
Last week multiple reports suggested that police had been given unprecedented powers to to arrest anyone near the security zone who refused to identify themselves or agree to a police search .
The Toronto Star reported :
“ The regulation was made under Ontario ’s Public Works Protection Act and was not debated in the Legislature .
According to a provincial spokesperson , the cabinet action came in response to an ‘ extraordinary request ’ by Toronto Police Chief Bill Blair , who wanted additional policing powers shortly after learning the G20 was coming to Toronto . ”
The Globe and Mail reported that there were no limits to police powers during the summit , and no clear legal precedent specifying what they could and could not do .
Throughout the weekend reports flooded in of protesters and even citizens of Toronto who were merely passers by being stopped outside the security perimeter and questioned by police under the amended law .
However , the truth has now emerged that no such amendment to the law was ever made .
“ The Ontario government did not pass a secret law that gave police additional power to arrest people during the G20 summit in Toronto , ” said Laura Blondeau , a spokeswoman for Community Safety Minister Rick Bartolucci .
Blondeau said that the rules only applied to a limited area within the security perimeter , not up to five meters outside it or beyond , as earlier reports quoting Police Chief Bill Blair had suggested .
Canadian Press reports : “ Asked Tuesday if there actually was a five - metre rule given the ministry ’s clarification , Toronto Police Chief Bill Blair smiled and said , ‘ No , but I was trying to keep the criminals out . ’ ”
As the Canadian Press article points out , police did cite the Public Works Protection
Act when detaining and searching people outside the security fences .
Furthermore , “ Neither the province nor police set the record straight .
In fact , both made comments about the necessity of such powers ” in media interviews all weekend .
Yesterday , the Chief said he was originally under the impression that the five - metre rule applied to an area outside the perimeter but once he was told otherwise , a directive was issued to officers “ on the appropriate application of that regulation . ”
Asked if failing to clarify the five - metre rule misled the public , he said : “ No , I never spoke publicly again about that regulation . ”
As The National Post points out :
So he informed the entire city of something that was n’t true , and , despite the ensuing uproar he kept his mouth shut .
And that ’s not misleading ?
Wrong , chief .
Though Blondeau , the government spokesperson has said that no arrests were made under the phantom law , there is clear evidence showing that this is not true .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
As we highlight in our feature article today , British activist Charlie Veitch was arrested last Thursday , outside the security perimeter , for failing to provide identification which , he was told , was a crime under The Public Works Act .
Veitch appeared on the Alex Jones show after he was eventually released from hours of captivity at the giant movie studio turned temporary prison during the G20 summit .
Veitch even received a form documenting his arrest that said he had been detained under the phantom amendment to the law .
Surely realizing that the truth would emerge , authorities re-arrested Veitch yesterday on the charge of “ impersonating a police officer ” – a weak accusation that stems from deadpan comments Veitch made in his exchange with his original arresting officer when he joked that he was a British police provocateur , in Toronto to instigate trouble so that a harsh crackdown by Canadian security would be justified .
As we also highlighted in a previous article , plain clothes security were witnessed literally screeching up in black vans and abducting protesters outside the security perimeter , while “ kettling ” those who remained and eventually firing rubber bullets and tear gas at them .
Below is another video of this incident which shows the makeshift movie studio prison in the background .
The building is five kilometres away from the security perimeter :
The long and short of this is that the Chief of police in Toronto knowingly misled his officers about a secret law granting them unfettered powers of arrest , which those officers then put into force aggressively , setting a new record for the largest mass arrest in Canadian history .
Further reports of the extreme threats and abuses those arrested , including journalists , were subjected to by police have also exacerbated the situation .
Despite multiple opportunities to set the record straight , Chief Blair opted to publicly state that such powers were necessary and allowed officers all over the city to detain and arrest people under laws that never existed
Given that this activity is in violation of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms and tramples over the right to peacefully protest , there needs to be an immediate investigation into the matter , and Chief Blair should face the consequences that go with such a violation .
This article was posted : Wednesday , June 30 , 2010 at 10:29 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Mr. Holmes said that while recent military operations may have weakened the L.R.A. , “ they are still capable of wreaking absolute havoc — and they still do . ”
He said he learned about the February attack on Saturday , when he met with local authorities and victims in Niangara , an old trading post hidden away in the Congolese jungle that has recently been ringed by roving bands of L.R.A. marauders .
One of the people he met was a young woman whose lips had been sliced off last month .
She was attacked by rebels while working in her field , she said Saturday , sitting in a hospital bed , her face a mask of gauze and tape .
“ They told me I was talking too much , ” she said .
The L.R.A. has been waging a brutal and bizarre rebellion for more than 20 years , starting in northern Uganda in the late 1980s .
Originally , it said it was guided by the Ten Commandments , but soon it was breaking every one , massacring and mutilating civilians and becoming notorious for kidnapping young children and turning them into 4 - foot - tall killing machines .
As I 've written before in these posts about George MacDonald , reading MacDonald is what convinced me to become a universalist .
And no sermon in Unspoken Sermons has had a more decisive impact upon me in this regard than the sermon Justice .
This sermon , in my opinion , is MacDonald 's theological magnum opus .
MacDonald begins the sermon by asking us to think about the nature of justice and punishment .
Are justice and punishment the same thing ?
This is an important question because when Christians speak of hell as " just " they are implicitly drawing an equivalence between the " punishment " of sin and God 's " justice . "
But MacDonald wants to push back on that notion , to suggest that justice is a far richer concept than punishment .
And if this is so , no amount of punishment in hell gets God closer to achieving justice .
To illustrate this MacDonald has us consider someone stealing our watch :
Suppose my watch has been taken from my pocket ; I lay hold of the thief ; he is dragged before the magistrate , proved guilty , and sentenced to a just imprisonment : must I walk home satisfied with the result ?
Have I had justice done me ?
The thief may have had justice done him — but where is my watch ?
reconciliation
peacemaking
restitution
[ My watch ] is gone , and I remain a man wronged .
Who has done me the wrong ?
The thief .
Who can set right the wrong ?
The thief , and only the thief ; nobody but the man that did the wrong .
God may be able to move the man to right the wrong , but God himself cannot right it without the man .
Suppose my watch is found and restored , is the account settled between me and the thief ?
I may forgive him , but is the wrong removed ?
By no means .
But suppose the thief to bethink himself , to repent .
He has , we shall say , put it out of his power to return the watch , but he comes to me and says he is sorry he stole it , and begs me to accept for the present what little he is able to bring , as a beginning of atonement : how should I then regard the matter ?
Should I not feel that he had gone far to make atonement — done more to make up for the injury he had inflicted upon me , than the mere restoration of the watch , even by himself , could reach to ?
Would there not lie , in the thief 's confession and submission and initial restoration , an appeal to the divinest in me — to the eternal brotherhood ?
Would it not indeed amount to a sufficing atonement as between man and man ?
If he offered to bear what I chose to lay upon him , should I feel it necessary , for the sake of justice , to inflict some certain suffering as demanded by righteousness ?
I should still have a claim upon him for my watch , but should I not be apt to forget it ?
He who commits the offence can make up for it — and he alone .
One thing must surely be plain — that the punishment of the wrong - doer makes no atonement for the wrong done .
How could it make up to me for the stealing of my watch that the man was punished ?
The wrong would be there all the same .
I am not saying the man ought not to be punished — far from it ; I am only saying that the punishment nowise makes up to the man wronged .
Suppose the man , with the watch in his pocket , were to inflict the severest flagellation on himself : would that lessen my sense of injury ?
Would it set anything right ?
Would it anyway atone ?
Would it give him a right to the watch ?
Punishment may do good to the man who does the wrong , but that is a thing as different as important .
God cannot bring justice without our participation
He who commits the offence can make up for it — and he alone .
reconciliation
participation
Punishment of the guilty may be involved in justice , but it does not constitute the justice of God one atom more than it would constitute the justice of a man .
or
is
is
Two rights cannot possibly be opposed to each other .
If God punish sin , it must be merciful to punish sin ; and if God forgive sin , it must be just to forgive sin .
We are required to forgive , with the argument that our father forgives .
It must , I say , be right to for give .
Every attribute of God must be infinite as himself .
He can not be sometimes merciful , and not always merciful .
He can not be just , and not always just .
Mercy belongs to him , and needs no contrivance of theologic chicanery to justify it .
" Then you mean that it is wrong to punish sin , therefore God does not punish sin ? "
" By no means ; God does punish sin , but there is no opposition between punishment and forgiveness .
The one may be essential to the possibility of the other . "
is
consequences
itself
sin
hell
without
or
without
punish
is
Justice then requires that sin should be put an end to ; and not that only , but that it should be atoned for ; and where punishment can do anything to this end , where it can help the sinner to know what he has been guilty of , where it can soften his heart to see his pride and wrong and cruelty , justice requires that punishment shall not be spared .
And the more we believe in God , the surer we shall be that he will spare nothing that suffering can do to deliver his child from death .
The one deepest , highest , truest , fittest , most wholesome suffering must be generated in the wicked by a vision , a true sight , more or less adequate , of the hideousness of their lives , of the horror of the wrongs they have done .
Physical suffering may be a factor in rousing this mental pain ; but ' I would I had never been born ! ' must be the cry of Judas , not because of the hell - fire around him , but because he loathes the man that betrayed his friend , the world 's friend .
When a man loathes himself , he has begun to be saved .
Punishment tends to this result .
Not for its own sake , not as a make - up for sin , not for divine revenge — horrible word , not for any satisfaction to justice , can punishment exist .
Punishment is for the sake of amendment and atonement .
God is bound by his love to punish sin in order to deliver his creature ; he is bound by his justice to destroy sin in his creation .
Love is justice — is the fulfilling of the law , for God as well as for his children .
This is the reason of punishment ; this is why justice requires that the wicked shall not go unpunished — that they , through the eye - opening power of pain , may come to see and do justice , may be brought to desire and make all possible amends , and so become just ...
For Justice , that is God , is bound in himself to see justice done by his children — not in the mere outward act , but in their very being .
He is bound in himself to make up for wrong done by his children , and he can do nothing to make up for wrong done but by bringing about the repentance of the wrongdoer .
When the man says , ' I did wrong ; I hate myself and my deed ; I can not endure to think that I did it !' then , I say , is atonement begun .
Without that , all that the Lord did would be lost .
He would have made no atonement .
Repentance , restitution , confession , prayer for forgiveness , righteous dealing thereafter , is the sole possible , the only true make - up for sin .
For nothing less than this did Christ die .
then where is the work of the Christ on Calvary in all this ?
If I , personally , am atoning for my sins , then how does Christ function as an atoning sacrifice for my sins ?
MacDonald 's response to these questions take up the second half of the Justice sermon .
And his response to the doctrine of subsitutionary atonement is diverse and multifaceted .
His first response deals with the psychological appeal of substitutionary atonement .
The doctrine of substitutionary atonement feels right to us because , as victims , we want wrong - doers to be punished .
It 's emotionally satisfying .
We want people to go to hell :
The notion of suffering as an offset for sin , the foolish idea that a man by suffering borne may get out from under the hostile claim to which his wrong - doing has subjected him , comes first of all , I think , from the satisfaction we feel when wrong comes to grief .
Why do we feel this satisfaction ?
Because we hate wrong , but , not being righteous ourselves , more or less hate the wronger as well as his wrong , hence are not only righteously pleased to behold the law 's disapproval proclaimed in his punishment , but unrighteously pleased with his suffering , because of the impact upon us of his wrong .
In this way the inborn justice of our nature passes over to evil .
It is no pleasure to God , as it so often is to us , to see the wicked suffer .
To regard any suffering with satisfaction , save it be sympathetically with its curative quality , comes of evil , is inhuman because undivine , is a thing God is incapable of .
His nature is always to forgive , and just because he forgives , he punishes .
theological product of my sin
consequences
amends
restitution
Because God loves you
!
Justice demands your punishment , because justice demands , and will have , the destruction of sin .
Justice demands your punishment because it demands that your father should do his best for you .
God , being the God of justice , that is of fair - play , and having made us what we are , apt to fall and capable of being raised again , is in himself bound to punish in order to deliver us — else is his relation to us poor beside that of an earthly father .
The notion that the salvation of Jesus is a salvation from the consequences of our sins , is a false , mean , low notion .
The salvation of Christ is salvation from the smallest tendency or leaning to sin .
It is a deliverance into the pure air of God 's ways of thinking and feeling .
It is a salvation that makes the heart pure , with the will and choice of the heart to be pure .
To such a heart , sin is disgusting .
It sees a thing as it is , — that is , as God sees it , for God sees everything as it is .
The soul thus saved would rather sink into the flames of hell than steal into heaven and skulk there under the shadow of an imputed righteousness .
No soul is saved that would not prefer hell to sin .
Jesus did not die to save us from punishment ; he was called Jesus because he should save his people from their sins .
obedience
A man who has not the mind of Christ — and no man has the mind of Christ except him who makes it his business to obey him — cannot have correct opinions concerning him ; neither , if he could , would they be of any value to him : he would be nothing the better , he would be the worse for having them .
Our business is not to think correctly , but to live truly ; then first will there be a possibility of our thinking correctly .
One chief cause of the amount of unbelief in the world is , that those who have seen something of the glory of Christ , set themselves to theorize concerning him rather than to obey him .
In teaching men , they have not taught them Christ , but taught them about Christ .
More eager after credible theory than after doing the truth , they have speculated in a condition of heart in which it was impossible they should understand ; they have presumed to explain a Christ whom years and years of obedience could alone have made them able to comprehend .
Their teaching of him , therefore , has been repugnant to the common sense of many who had not half their privileges , but in whom , as in Nathanael , there was no guile .
Such , naturally , press their theories , in general derived from them of old time , upon others , insisting on their thinking about Christ as they think , instead of urging them to go to Christ to be taught by him whatever he chooses to teach them .
They do their unintentional worst to stop all growth , all life .
Truth is indeed too good for men to believe ; they must dilute it before they can take it ; they must dilute it before they dare give it .
They must make it less true before they can believe it enough to get any good of it ... Unable to believe in the forgivingness of their father in heaven , they invented a way to be forgiven that should not demand of him so much ; which might make it right for him to forgive ; which should save them from having to believe downright in the tenderness of his fatherheart , for that they found impossible .
They thought him bound to punish for the sake of punishing , as an offset to their sin ; they could not believe in clear forgiveness ; that did not seem divine ; it needed itself to be justified ; so they invented for its justification a horrible injustice , involving all that was bad in sacrifice , even human sacrifice .
They invented a satisfaction for sin which was an insult to God .
He sought no satisfaction , but an obedient return to the Father .
What satisfaction was needed he made himself in what he did to cause them to turn from evil and go back to him .
The thing was too simple for complicated unbelief and the arguing spirit .
The device [ of substitutionary atonement ] is an absurdity — a grotesquely deformed absurdity .
To represent the living God as a party to such a style of action , is to veil with a mask of cruelty and hypocrisy the face whose glory can be seen only in the face of Jesus ; to put a tirade of vulgar Roman legality into the mouth of the Lord God merciful and gracious , who will by no means clear the guilty .
Rather than believe such ugly folly of him whose very name is enough to make those that know him heave the breath of the hart panting for the waterbrooks ; rather than think of him what in a man would make me avoid him at the risk of my life , I would say , ' There is no God ; let us neither eat nor drink , that we may die !
For lo , this is not our God !
This is not he for whom we have waited !'
But I have seen his face and heard his voice in the face and the voice of Jesus Christ ; and I say this is our God , the very one whose being the Creator makes it an infinite gladness to be the created .
I will not have the God of the scribes and the pharisees whether Jewish or Christian , protestant , Roman , or Greek , but thy father , O Christ !
He is my God .
If you say , ' That is our God , not yours ! '
I answer , ' Your portrait of your God is an evil caricature of the face of Christ . '
To believe in a vicarious sacrifice , is to think to take refuge with the Son from the righteousness of the Father ; to take refuge with his work instead of with the Son himself ; to take refuge with a theory of that work instead of the work itself ; to shelter behind a false quirk of law instead of nestling in the eternal heart of the unchangeable and righteous Father , who is merciful in that he renders to every man according to his work , and compels their obedience , nor admits judicial quibble or subterfuge .
God will never let a man off with any fault .
He must have him clean .
To believe it is your punishment for being able to believe it ; you may call it your reward , if you will .
To believe in substituionary atonement is your punishment for being able to believe it !
Christ
I believe in Jesus Christ .
Nowhere am I requested to believe in any thing , or in any statement , but everywhere to believe in God and in Jesus Christ ...
Jesus , our propitiation , our atonement .
He is the head and leader , the prince of the atonement .
He could not do it without us , but he leads us up to the Father 's knee : he makes us make atonement .
Learning Christ , we are not only sorry for what we have done wrong , we not only turn from it and hate it , but we become able to serve both God and man with an infinitely high and true service , a soulservice .
We are able to offer our whole being to God to whom by deepest right it belongs .
Have I injured anyone ?
With him to aid my justice , new risen with him from the dead , shall I not make good amends ?
Have I failed in love to my neighbour ?
Shall I not now love him with an infinitely better love than was possible to me before ?
That I will and can make atonement , thanks be to him who is my atonement , making me at one with God and my fellows !
He is my life , my joy , my lord , my owner , the perfecter of my being by the perfection of his own .
I dare not say with Paul that I am the slave of Christ ; but my highest aspiration and desire is to be the slave of Christ .
The point here , obviously , is that a " just " result can't be found through punishment alone .
No doubt punishment is a part of the picture .
But , as any victim knows , " justice " is n't reducible to punishing the perpetrators .
Crimes ( and sin ) create relational and psychological wounds that punishment cannot heal .
So what is needed for justice to be done ?
MacDonald suggests that justice involves theof the victim and the perpetrator .
Justice involvesandCritical to this process of atonement is the full engagement of the one who did the crime .
This is an important move for MacDonald : .
As MacDonald notes , " God may be able to move the man to right the wrong , but God himself cannot right it without the man ... This twofold notion of justice -- an act ofrequiring theof victims and perpetrators -- is at the heart of MacDonald 's notion of God 's justice and atonement .
This is the notion that sits behind his " universalism . "
That is , God just can't ship people off to hell to earn the label " just . "
Neither could we view hell as a manifestation of God 's justice .
Because hell does n't heal the wounds of sin .
Hell does n't mend .
Hell does n't bring peace .
Hell does n't atone .
As MacDonald writes : After distinguishing between justice and punishment MacDonald then goes on to his second important theological move , the identification of justice with mercy .
Too often in discussions about hell and God 's justice it is argued that God 's justice ( manifested in sending you to hell ) is in tension with God 's mercy and forgiveness .
That is , God will either punish youforgive you .
It 's a binary , an either / or .
Heaven or hell .
Justice or mercy .
Punishment or forgiveness .
MacDonald rejects all these as false dichotomies .
Justicemercy .
Punishmentforgiveness .
MacDonald walks through this identification of justice and mercy in an imaginary dialogue with a skeptical conversation partner :
How can this be ?
Forgivenesspunishment ?!
That 's crazy talk , right ?
It 's only crazy talk if you 've become confused about the nature of sin and salvation .
As mentioned in my earlier posts on MacDonald , the great confusion is mistaking theof sin for sin .
Jesus came to save us from , not from .
The confusion comes when people think that Jesus is saving us from hell , the consequence ( the " just punishment " ) of sin .
But the problem with this idea , as noted above , is that no amount of punishment gets us a just result .
Nor does it address the sin still sitting in our hearts .
This really is a simple idea if you ponder it .
If you have a child who is disrespectful or mean or dishonest do you really think they need forgivenesspunishment ?
The old " either / or " binary of heavenhell ?
That the child needs mercyjustice ?
Of course not !
These things are of a piece .
Youto save , love , and have mercy on the child .
Salvationhell in this case .
And as any parent knows , the salvation of the child involves his participation .
If you break Mrs. Jones ' window you have to mow her grass and make it up to her .
And , ultimately , even this punishment fails to save the child unless he becomes truly sorry and contrite .
For only in that moment is the child truly " saved . "
Punishment alone does n't bring either " justice " or " salvation . "
Punishment is only ever a tool toward these ends .
Here is MacDonald pulling these threads together at the end of the first half of the sermon : Punishment and suffering , in this view , is trying to get us to confront our own sinfulness , to create in us a contrite and broken heart .
To get us to loathe the sin in our lives :
At this point in the sermon MacDonald turns to Christ and the doctrine of substitutionary atonement .
Because , it might be asked , if all sinners are , in the end , making up for their own sins ( think of that watch thief at the start of the sermon coming to you to make atonement )
In short , the appeal and logic at work behind subsituionary atonement is really just a symptom of an evil impulse within our own hearts .
But this evil impulse does n't describe God 's justice .
God only punishes as a means , not as an end in itself :
A further problem with the allure of substitutionary atonement -- to have Jesus suffer the consequences of my sin rather than me getting into the hard work of repentance and reconciliation -- is that it is selfish , a .
Substitutionary atonement is an attempt to cling to my sin ever more tightly !
Let Christ suffer theof my sin so I do n't have to makeand .
I 'm off the hook as it were .
But you can't get off the hook .
You can't shift the punishment of your sin onto Jesus .
Why ?
This is what parents do for their children :
In short , there can be no " imputed righteousness . "
Rather , Christ stands beside you as you work through the process of repentance and atonement .
And the attempt to try to avoid this outcome , as we noted above , is just an indirect way of embracing the sin in your heart , a way of not letting it go .
And God will have none of that :
So what of the teaching of substitutionary atonement ?
Where is the work of Christ in MacDonald 's view of salvation ?
As a beginning , MacDonald suggests that there can be no meeting of minds on this topic if we approach the issue from a textual / theoretical angle .
For MacDonald the issues are n't biblical or theological at all .
He really could care less about our " theory of atonement . "
It 's irrelevant .
All MacDonald cares about is having the mind of Christ , particularly in relation to our own sinfulness .
For MacDonald the issue is pretty simple :
Do you hate your sin ?
Do you hate your selfishness , meanness , pettiness , and falseness ?
Do you , in short , want to live like Jesus ?
If you do then MacDonald has a simple question :
If going to hell would help you be a better person then would you go ?
The answer , according to MacDonald , is that if you have the mind of Christ then of course you 'd go .
Because the issue is n't about avoiding the wrath of God or the punishment of sin .
The issue is our desperate desire to conform to the image of Jesus .
And if that is what I really want and need then why would a theory of substitution hold any appeal to me ?
Or even make any sense ?
If I hate the sin in my heart how is substitutionary atonement good news ?
It 's only good news for people who love their sin but want off the hook .
In short , for MacDonald the issue boils down to , not exegesis or theology :
This lack of obedience has created a kind of faithless timidity about the true nature of salvation which has resulted in creating a system of salvation that preserved pagan notions of appeasement and sacrificial satisfaction .
It 's the only way we humans can get our minds around justice .
Grace , real grace , is just too big to get our heads around :
For MacDonald these pagan notions and the legal subterfuge involved in subsitionary atonement make it a system unworthy of God : MacDonald then summarizes all this , making a clear contrast between his view of salvation and substitutionary atonement :
I 'd also like to note that , in all of this discussion about substitutionary atonement , MacDonald offers the greatest verdict I 've ever read about substitution theory and those who subscribe to it :
Nice .
But the question is still out there , how does MacDonald seeas our atonement ?
Toward the end of the sermon he offers his positive view :
British Petroleum is now putting a special spin on the crisis caused by the explosion of its deep - sea oil well in the Gulf of Mexico .
It seems that innocent pensioners in the UK will get whacked if BP is punished , and U.S. - British relations will go down the tubes .
Almost as nauseating as the sight of dead birds , turtles and dolphins rotting in the oil that has gushed from the out - of - control spill is the media campaign that BP has launched , with teary - eyed CEO Tony Hayward telling us in TV ads how very , very sorry he is and with the multi-billion - dollar corporation buying very expensive ads in the U.S. media to tell us what a good job they are doing in fixing the problem .
But this new spin is the most revolting of all .
BP and the British government claim that a large number of people in the United Kingdom have their meager savings invested in BP bonds , and that these people will be wiped out if BP is harshly punished for its criminal greed and irresponsibility .
Furthermore , London ’s Tory Mayor Boris Johnson claims that the BP disaster is leading to “ anti- British rhetoric ” that is “ permeating America ” .
The versions of this spin that we see merrily retailed by our corporate controlled media are very short on details .
Numbers as to how many British pensioners might be hurt , and how much they may lose , are in short supply .
We are not told what percentage of the loss to such pensioners might be covered by government investment insurance like our FDIC .
Nor are we being given information on any change in the way the U.S. public sees the British people .
But never mind .
Supposing this is not just spin :
If poor and working people in the UK are harmed by whatever happens to BP , they should be compensated , just as people in the Gulf of Mexico region should be compensated .
And nobody should blame British working people for the disaster .
We in the United States would do well to remember that the current British Petroleum multinational combines capital from both the old British Petroleum , which used to rip off oil workers in Iran and elsewhere in such an arrogant way , with the U.S. - based AMOCO and ARCO petroleum giants , heirs to the old John D. Rockefeller empire and thus as American as apple pie , and no angels either .
Currently , BP is 28 percent owned by JPMorgan Chase , the U.S. financial giant .
Also , U.S. - based Halliburton and Transocean should not get a pass , and may well be in court alongside BP .
We cannot allow corporations run amuck to avoid legal sanctions because of possible harm to their modest - scale share and bondholders or indeed even their employees .
In the Enron and Arthur Anderson blowup of a decade ago , you will remember that a lot of innocent people , including many honest employees , got hurt .
They were not to blame for their employers ’ criminality and should have been compensated .
Everybody who is harmed by the actions of BP , Halliburton and Transocean should get redress .
Nationalizing these corporations , as Jarvis Tyner demands on these pages , certainly should be elevated to be one of our major demands .
But will that always suffice to compensate all who have been harmed , since some corporations are presumably going to be broke ?
Remember , corporations are just means to an end for the flesh and blood ruling class of the United States and other countries .
I recently watched the 2005 movie “ Fun with Dick and Jane . ”
Alec Baldwin plays a crooked corporate vampire who sucks his company dry , leaving employees , people who are invested in the corporate bonds for their pensions , and an entire community destitute , and then plans to live the life of Riley off money he has moved to an offshore bank .
His comeuppance arrives when one of his former employees ( Jim Carrey ) and his wife ( Tea Leoni ) manage to get hold of Baldwin ’s personal money and redistribute it to his victims .
Excellent idea !
Going after BP executives and major investors alone , stripping them to their expensive skivvies and compensating their victims with the money thus “ liberated ” from individual corporate evildoers will not , however , produce enough money .
We need to go after the whole ruling class , which has been having a massive worldwide orgy of unearned wealth and irresponsible power since Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher teamed up , and before .
And for damn sure the ruling class has not been going broke , no matter what the crisis .
The number of Aston Martins , Bentleys , Ferraris and Lamborghinis I see tooling around the streets of wealthy Northern Virginia suburbs near where I now live tells the tale .
Let ’s go get ‘em !
I long to see BP CEO Hayward running down an oil - fouled beach , pursued by angry , sharp - beaked pelicans !
Socialism forever !
First look at Celine Dion's $ 20 m Florida waterpark mansion that boasts slides , bridges and even a lazy river
After Titanic , you 'd have thought that Celine Dion would be sick of the sight of water .
But it seems she can't actually get enough of the stuff , as shown by these pictures of the aquatic additions to the multi-million dollar Florida mansion that goes on and on .
The pregnant singer , 42 , had the waterpark constructed on the $ 20 million ( £ 13.9 million ) home , which she shares with husband Rene Angelil , 68 , and their nine - year - old son Rene Charles .
Aqua crazy : Celine Dion's $ 20 m ( £ 13.9 m ) beachside Florida mansion has two swimming pools and a lazy river
The lavish pool system uses 500,000 gallons of water and includes two swimming pools , two water slides and a lazy river , which has a slow current to carry bathers around the pool .
Celine , whose signature song is My Heart Will Go On , the theme from the 1998 film Titanic , splashed out several million dollars on the aquatic wonderland at her home , which bought for $ 12.5 million ( £ 8.6 million ) in 2005 .
And if it proves not to be enough water for the singer , who is expecting twins at the end of this year , she can always take a short walk down to the beach , as the house overlooks the Atlantic .
Leisurely :
The lazy river , which has a current that takes people slowly along the water
Waterworks :
Shown from another angle , the lazy river also boasts a large spiral slide and walkways
The mansion is on Jupiter Island , which is where some of the wealthiest people in the US live , including disgraced golfer Tiger Woods .
Celine 's house , which is is a whopping 9,825 square feet , lies on 5.7acres that contains an underground garage .
The mansion also boasts eight bedrooms split up in two guest rooms , a 460 - square feet wardrobe , and a gym in the beach - side cabana .
And while she is probably thrilled to bits with her water - themed back garden , it 's not exactly gone down well with her neighbours .
Fancy a dip ?
Celine 's huge aqua garden also boasts two swimming pools , one with a poolside bar
According to reports in the States , Celine angered her local community when she used up all the fresh water supply on the island , which led to a drought and water restrictions in the area .
Celine was fined for the massive use of water and in an attempt to appease her neighbours , had six wells constructed on the property to store enough water to keep the pipes pumping the 6.5 million gallons needed for the park each year .
But even that has n't pacified the locals who , according to the National Enquirer , are furious she was even granted permission to have the wells built .
They are also concerned about the damage her actions will have on the environment , with one angry neighbour saying : ' I do n't know how she got the well permits .
The government is usually pretty restrictive with stuff like that !'
Water - loving : Celine and her husband , manager Rene Angelil , with whom she has a nine - year - old son , also called Rene .
She is also expecting twins , due to be born at the end of the year
OTTAWA
To understand why the Liberals and the Conservatives lack traction in the public opinion polls , no need to look further than the winding - down spring session of Parliament .
Since the House reopened in March , Stephen Harper and Michael Ignatieff have taken turns to drop the ball while Jack Layton and Gilles Duceppe have very much been on top of their games .
A few weeks ago , the Bloc Québécois was the only party to treat the idea of letting the Auditor - General look into the expenses of MPs for what it was : a political no -brainer .
The episode once again demonstrated that when it comes to instinct , Gilles Duceppe could give his counterparts a few tips .
Earlier this month , Duceppe , was selected “ most knowledgeable ” parliamentarian by his peers — the majority of whom do not share his sovereignist persuasion .
It is certainly a paradox that a sovereignist tenor is in the process of becoming the institutional memory of the House of Commons but few would argue the notion that Duceppe — who is about to celebrate the 20th anniversary of his first election as MP — has become a formidable parliamentarian in his own right .
To avoid precipitating an election last fall , the NDP set aside the anti-Conservative mantra that had seen its leader reject the previous budget sight unseen .
That overdue change of course brought the New Democrats back in the day - to - day mainstream of the minority Parliament ; this spring it allowed the party to grab more space under the policy spotlight .
Just before the House reconvened , Jack Layton announced that he was undergoing treatment for cancer .
Then he spent the spring session carrying as full a load as his fellow party leaders .
That hard work has translated into an enviable popularity rating .
Over the past few weeks , the notion of a Liberal / NPD rapprochement has resurfaced and along with it a poll that suggested Layton would be better placed to lead a coalition to victory than Michael Ignatieff .
He has certainly been more sure - footed in his approach to the coalition debate than his Liberal counterpart .
It is an understatement to say that Prime Minister Stephen Harper failed to live up to his reputation as a great tactician over the past six months .
His decision to prorogue Parliament for the winter was ill - advised as was his original confrontational approach to the Afghan detainee issue .
It could have led to a needless parliamentary crisis .
His maternal health initiative derailed unto the abortion rights minefield — probably the last terrain a Conservative party that seeks to expand its support among women voters should want to spend time on .
The Guergis - Jaffer controversy brought to light significant cracks in the ethical armour of the government and the Conservative free - spending approach to the G8/ G20 summits has turned the events into a public relations nightmare .
The Conservatives were on a roll in the polls at the end of last year .
Now they have a solid hold on only one in three votes .
They are very much the authors of that misfortune as one can’t credit an effective official opposition for keeping the government down in the polls .
Over the past six months , Ignatieff ’s performance has made both Harper and his own unloved predecessor Stéphane Dion look good .
A so - called thinkers conference failed to produce any sparks of original policy thinking on the Liberal leader ’s part .
In the House , he and his party have been shooting blanks on the economy — the central issue of the current federal policy debate .
In the wake of the advent of a governing coalition in the U.K. , Ignatieff missed an opportunity to lead an intelligent conversation on coalition - making in Canada .
In the face of polls that suggest only a deal with the NDP could allow the Liberals to govern after the next election , the idea has taken on a life of its own .
It is dividing the Liberal party and very much threatening Ignatieff ’s already fragile hold on his caucus .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
In the circumstances , the prescription of a summer bus tour of the barbecue circuit comes across as yet another variation on the theme of going around in circles .
It will be interesting to see whether the Liberal bus delivers Ignatieff back to Parliament Hill safe and sound next fall .
Chantal Hébert is a national affairs writer .
Her column appears Monday , Wednesday and Friday .
Read more about :
DETROIT -- Detroit Red Wings forward Henrik Zetterberg felt his apparent goal at 9:47 of the first period should not have been disallowed after a lengthy video review .
Officials at the NHL office in Toronto ruled that Zetterberg directed the puck into the net with his left skate , on a pass from Valtteri Filppula .
" My skate did not leave the ice , so I did not have a kicking motion , '' Zetterberg said .
" It was a battle with their D and I just tried to stop to be in position to play it with the stick , but he kind of pushed me and of course you 're a little off - balance and it's tough to be completely still with your skates .
But I was n't kicking . ''
Sharks goaltender Evgebi Nabokov did n't agree .
" I turned my head and I saw his skate go like that ( making a kicking motion ) , '' Nabokov said .
" I did n't see the puck , but I saw it was a kicking motion . "
Zetterberg stopped on penalty shot
Nabokov made a great glove save on Zetterberg 's penalty shot with 3:32 remaining in the first period .
" I deked him , I went to the backhand .
I thought I had an open net but he made a good save , '' Zetterberg said .
" Looking at the replay , I wish I would have put it a little bit more to the side , but it 's easy to say afterwards . ''
The shot was awarded because Logan Couture , it was ruled , closed his hand on the puck while it was in the crease .
" The battle - line is where the Infantry is " ...
On every war map the extent of progress is shown by the location of the Infantry .
The function of all other combat troops — Air Force , Armored Force , Artillery — is to help prepare the way for the Infantry .
These tough fighters must seize , mop up , and press on , or the ground is not won .
As the Infantry moves — so moves the battle - line .
[ Newsmap , U.S. War Department , Volume III , No. 8 BD . ]
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
Foursquare finally announced that it ’s raised $ 20 million in Series B funding , including money from Andreessen Horowitz , a fund that publicly walked away from the Foursquare investment because of all the attention .
( Head fake , anyone ? )
The funding news has been the subject of speculation befitting the very public - private life of Paris Hilton rather than a tech startup .
And I ’m glad it ’s out of the way , because now the focus should shift to important stuff .
Important stuff that involves New York - based Foursquare going from 1.8 million subscribers to tens and then hundreds of millions of subscribers .
Important stuff that involves Foursquare going from a product to a company .
As someone who is an unabashed fan of Foursquare and what it represents , I have to admit my usage of the service has been waning .
The early thrill of checking in at different locations has vanished , replaced by indifference .
And I am not alone in feeling that way .
As the number of folks on Foursquare ’s network have gone up , it has become virtually impossible to become the mayor of a location .
The mayorship and special badges were the “ rewards , ” and a physical manifestation of the gaming philosophy behind Foursquare , making the service enjoyable in the process .
When I asked Foursquare founder Dennis Crowley about my lack of interest , he emailed me back saying that many of these issues will be addressed as he and his team of 27 are building what is essentially Foursquare 2.0 .
He did n’t want to go into details — he ’s worried about being copied .
The whole idea of check - ins ( as we have written in the past ) , badges and mayorships have been copied ad nauseam .
Do n’t believe me ?
Take a look at Loopt ’s LoopStar .
?( Robert Scoble recently came up with a list of things Foursquare could do in order to ??escape the attack of the copy - cats . )
Crowley wrote that he and his team are working on redoing the core game mechanics , aka “ what incentivizes me to check in . ”
Why is it taking so long to launch ?
“ Because we ’re growing so quickly that we have to address our technical scaling issues first , ” he said .
Crowley also alludes to these scaling issues in a blog post announcing the Series B funding :
We ’re hoping to build a world - class engineering organization , based primarily in our headquarters in the New York City to help us develop the next generation of mobile + social + local products that will excite our users and provide unique value for local merchants .
The new investment capital will also help fund the infrastructure needed to house our team ( we ’re finally getting a new office ! ) and support our growing audience of nearly 2 m users .?
Clearly , the new money is going to come in handy for Crowley to build an operational team , which in turn should help the company transition from being merely a product to becoming a company .
As he builds a core team to handle the business issues , Crowley will have time to address what is the most important issue facing his young company : the transition from an early adopter service to one used by mainstream customers .
Incentivizing early adopters is very different from the incentives for mass market users , as many sites dependent on network effects have learned in the past .
As Stacey Higginbotham put it in a post earlier this year :
Much like it took time for people to see use cases and value in Twitter , which was an entirely new means of communicating , it will take time and a display of beneficial results before folks will see the value in displaying their location rather than focusing on the loss of anonymity .
Until that happens , many people , when faced with an unfamiliar friend request , will likely hit delete .
And without that large network of strangers , then the idea of machine - mediated serendipity remains just that — an idea .?
The good news is that Crowley and Co. now have the money to figure it all out .
Post and thumbnail photos courtesy of Flickr user schatz .
The mechanism by which ' polycomb ' proteins critical for embyronic stem cell function and fate are targeted to DNA has been identified by UCL scientists .
The discovery , which has implications for the fields of stem cell and tissue engineering , is detailed in research published in the journal Molecular Cell .
A key feature of stem cells is the suppression of genes that when later switched on lead to the differentiation of the cells into specific mature cell types , such as neurons or immune cells .
Polycomb proteins , first discovered in fruit flies , are known to play a critical role in the suppression of these developmental genes .
PRC2 ( polycomb repressive complex - 2 ) is present in all multicellular organisms and has been shown to be important in stem cell differentiation and early embryonic development .
The study authors found that PRC2 is brought to its target genes though binding to a new class of short RNAs transcribed by RNA polymerase II .
PRC2 can then methylate chromatin , preventing the activation of developmental regulator genes that would otherwise act to alter the identity of the cell .
Senior author Dr Richard Jenner , UCL Infection & Immunity , said : " We knew that different sets of genes are turned on in different cells and that polycomb proteins prevent the wrong genes from being turned on , for example polycomb prevents the activation of neuronal genes in immune cells .
However , although polycomb proteins repress genes , they are actually in a poised state -- some sort of gene activity seemed to be occurring .
" We wanted to find out what this activity was and our identification of these short RNAs explains this unusual gene state .
Discovering that polycomb also binds to these RNAs shows how polycomb might be recruited to genes , which are then repressed to maintain the identities of different cell types .
This has been a key question in the field for some time and has important implications for how we might be able to control cell fate in tissue engineering . "
The common - law wife of a computer security expert charged in a G20 - related case has also been charged in the same investigation .
Kristen Peterson , 37 , was arrested after police executed search warrants Wednesday in the Township of Tiny and in the Township of Lake of Bays .
Her husband , Byron Sonne , was arrested after police raided their Toronto home on Tuesday .
Peterson , a visual artist , was charged with possession of an explosive device and possession of a weapon “ for a dangerous purpose . ”
Peterson was remanded into custody Thursday after her scheduled court appearance , in a special court set up to hear G20 - related charges , was put over until Saturday .
Peterson and Sonne live on Elderwood Dr. in Forest Hill , where the 37 - year - old Sonne operated his computer security company , Halvdan Solutions .
The couple has been together for at least a decade , Mike Murray , a former boss of Sonne ’s , said Thursday .
Peterson referred to Sonne as her husband on art installation biographies and Sonne called her his wife , Murray said .
Police described the relationship as common law .
Peterson creates “ primarily in installation , creating site - specific drawings on buildings , ” one biography said .
Her first permanent installation was commissioned by the Toronto Transit Commission for the St. Clair West streetcar line and was to be unveiled this year .
In 2006 , she was the resident artist in the Spadina Museum ’s Lynn Donoghue Artist in Residence Program run through the city culture program .
A long - time Art Gallery of Ontario docent , Peterson used windows and mirrors inside the museum to reveal hidden areas of the building near Casa Loma .
The daughter of a well - to - do Toronto executive , Peterson holds English literature and Master of Visual Studies degrees from the University of Toronto and a fine art diploma from the Toronto School of Art .
Murray , who has known
Sonne for seven years , said he would never do anything malicious .
“ There ’s something fishy to all this .
He ’s not this kind of person , ” Murray said .
“ Reading all the stuff about explosives — that ’s not Byron .
Sonne recently joked he was the last guy counter - terrorism officials would be prone to investigate .
He made the comment about a month ago at a “ Surveillance Club ” meeting , a monthly gathering for academics and activists who enjoy discussing surveillance issues and ideas .
Sonne shared his plans to protest the G20 and mused he was hardly the type to raise security alarm bells — slightly nerdy with a receding hairline , the computer specialist lives in a million - dollar home with his artist common - law wife .
In his spare time , he likes to hang out at HackLab TO , a non-profit group for techies who delight in building everything from LED signs to computer codes .
“ He looks , you know , generic .
Kind of like a geek , ” observed Jesse Hirsh , an Internet specialist and broadcaster who met Sonne at the May 5 meeting .
“ We sort of joked . . . he was this middle - aged white guy , how he did n’t really fit the ( terrorist ) profile . ”
So Hirsh was shocked to read the headlines Wednesday and discover Sonne is at the centre of a G20 terror investigation .
On Tuesday afternoon , police converged on Sonne and Peterson ’s home and arrested him on a slew of charges , the most serious of which is possession of an explosive .
He also faces charges of mischief and intimidating a justice system participant .
While Sonne ’s family would not respond to interview requests , friends and colleagues say they are baffled by the charges .
Police are saying little other than that the charges stem from a G20 - related investigation .
Sonne appeared briefly at a bail hearing Wednesday , dressed in a black T - shirt .
He agreed to adjourn his hearing until Saturday and lawyer Kevin Tilley requested a publication ban , which was granted .
While Sonne looked tired and occasionally worried , when he walked from the courtroom he appeared to wink at some reporters .
For those who know Sonne , it is this tendency for mischief that may have landed him in hot water .
In high school , Sonne reportedly planted a fake bomb that resulted in his school being evacuated , causing classmates to vote him “ most likely to become an international terrorist ” in their yearbook , according to a former schoolmate .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Those who now know Sonne say he is a good guy with strong ethics , the farthest thing from a scheming terrorist .
With the entire city tense in the lead - up to the G20 summit , Julian Dunn wonders if security officials may have over - reacted to the stunts of an “ agent provocateur . ”
“ He ’s not a terrorist or anything like that , ” said Dunn , who worked with Sonne in 2003 .
“ If anything , he ’s what I would term an agent provocateur .
( He likes to ) push buttons and challenge the security apparatus . ”
At the Surveillance Club meeting , Sonne shared his plans to listen in on police scanners during the summit and disseminate information to protesters via Twitter , according to Hirsh and Andrew Clement , a University of Toronto professor who was also at the meeting .
This was the same tactic used by two protesters at last year ’s G20 summit in Pittsburgh , a plan that ultimately led to their arrests .
The charges were dropped .
According to Hirsh , Sonne knew his activities could attract unwanted attention from security officials .
But at the same time , he did not seem like someone bent on causing mayhem and destruction , Hirsh said .
“ He was more critical of the whole circus , as it were , ” Hirsh recalled .
“ I suspect that this may just be a stunt and perhaps a stunt that got out of hand . ”
Sonne may have also been deliberately baiting security officials , Hirsh said , and he mentioned wanting to purchase items online that would “ trigger counter - terror alarms . ”
“ It was part of a larger critique or activist exercise to show the absurdity of what ’s often referred to as security theatre , ” said Hirsh , who did n’t know what items Sonne planned to buy .
Sonne ’s
Twitter account also likely placed him on the radar , as G20 security has been actively monitoring social media .
His recent tweets link to photos and videos of the security fence , as well as a G20 counter - surveillance “ how to ” guide he created and posted on a file - sharing website .
Sonne ’s tweets suggest he has already been listening in on police communications with a radio scanner , a practice that is legal and used by many news outlets to stay abreast of breaking news .
According to Twitter , he has also had two run-ins with G20 police prior to his Tuesday arrest .
“ Some people must be stupid ; I ’ve never been arrested or forced to delete pictures of cops and I ’ve been stopped 2 times now # g20report ” he tweeted on Monday .
His last Twitter update was at 11:10 a.m. Tuesday .
While HackLab TO would n’t respond to interview requests , it released a statement on its website confirming one of its members had been arrested .
“ Byron is innocent until proven guilty , and as a member of the lab and a friend we are concerned for him , ” the statement read .
Colleagues say Sonne is well - respected in his field of computer security and has previously worked for top companies such as nCircle Network Security and FSC Internet Corp .
HOW likely are French parliamentarians to approve the proposed “ burqa ban ” ?
Deputies get their first chance to debate the idea in parliament on Tuesday May 11th .
As a first step , the National Assembly will examine a resolution , which carries symbolic value , but not legal force .
Yet it will be a good test of the political mood .
It is likely to be approved with thunderous cross-party support .
French backing for a burqa ban across the political spectrum is sometimes hard to understand .
In many multicultural quarters of Europe , the idea is linked to the extreme or nationalist right .
In Britain , for instance , the only party proposing a total burqa ban during the recent general - election campaign was the United Kingdom Independence Party , which also wants to pull the country out of the European Union .
The far - right British National Party also called for a burqa ban in schools .
One Labour minister replied that it was “ not British ” to tell people what to wear in the street .
In a speech in Cairo last year , President Barack Obama argued that Western countries should not be “ dictating what clothes a Muslim woman should wear ” .
In France , however , the proposal draws backing from the mainstream left and right .
President Nicolas Sarkozy , from the political right , said last year that the burqa , as the French call it ( in reality , they mean the niqab , or all - over face - covering veil ) , was “ not welcome ” on French soil .
Jean - François Copé , the leader of the ruling UMP party in parliament , has been the most active in pushing for a total ban ( The Economist interviewed Mr Copé last week ) .
Yet the idea is also backed by politicians of all stripes , including the Communist head of a parliamentary inquiry into a ban , and various leading Socialists .
One reason for this is France 's tradition of laïcité , a strict form of secularism , enshrined by law since 1905 , and which keeps religion out of public institutions .
At the time , the anti-clericalism behind the movement was largely inspired by the political left , and this legacy informs much left - wing thinking on secular matters today .
When the French right proposed a ban on the headscarf ( and other “ conspicuous ” religious symbols ) in state schools in 2004 , for example , the left voted massively in favour .
The Socialist Party is expected to vote in favour of this week 's parliamentary resolution .
Unlike the headscarf ban , however , the upcoming law against the wearing of the burqa is not couched in terms of secularism .
When a ban was first mooted , it was assumed that the legal basis for it would be French laïcité .
Politicians soon realised , though , that to use this argument would be to accept that the burqa is a religious prescription of Islam .
Most Muslim opinion - makers in France , including the French Council of the Muslim Faith ( CFCM ) , an official body , and female Muslim ministers , such as Fadela Amara , reject this .
The CFCM has clearly stated its “ opposition to the practice on national territory ” , although it also argues that a ban would stigmatise Islam .
Instead , the French are considering two grounds for outlawing the burqa , each of which — unlike laïcité — could potentially be applied in other countries .
One is security , and the need to be identifiable at all times .
The other is “ dignity ” and “ equality between men and women ” .
Although very few women in France cover their faces — no more than 2,000 , according to official estimates — it is a new trend .
Politicians and researchers say that the wearing of the headscarf by French Muslims , many of whom are of North African origin where there is no tradition of covering the face , is a sign of manipulation by hardline Islamic radicals keen to test the French state .
The French are unapologetic about wanting to reassert “ the values of the republic ” by going ahead with a ban .
How it would be applied in practice remains unclear .
As it is , the Conseil d'Etat , the highest administrative court , has expressed worries about the legal grounds for a ban .
If passed , Mr Copé says that it will apply not only to French Muslims , but to visitors from the Middle East too .
Would such women be fined while doing their shopping on the Champs - Elysées ?
How can the government be sure that a woman is wearing the burqa under orders from her menfolk ?
Would it not lead to their further isolation , as they felt unable to venture out of the home ?
If that were indeed the upshot , it would be paradoxical for a law designed in part to ensure equality for women .
Polygamy in France : Many wives ' tales
Google announced Android 2.2
Froyo earlier today with about 5 times system speed improvement over Android 2.1 and several other interesting features which make this the best Android OS ever .
If you are a mobile developer who loves to develop apps , you can start developing your app for Android 2.2 by download the Software Development Kit ( SDK ) for Froyo and get started with your development .
Android 2.2 platform is available for the Android SDK along with new tools , documentation and a new NDK .
You will find all the new features and details in the Froyo version notes .
To download the SDK and start development for Android 2.2 Froyo , visit the Android developer website at http://developer.android.com/.
The iPhone 4 integrates the antenna into the case A number of users are reporting problems with their iPhone 4 .
Apple 's latest device went on sale on Wednesday , with hundreds of people queuing outside Apple 's flagship store in central London for the launch .
The issue relates to the mobile phone signal , with users reporting a drop in signal strength when the phone is held .
The casing of Apple 's latest phone is made of stainless steel , which also serves as its antenna .
Richard Warner , who bought his iPhone 4 on Wednesday morning , contacted BBC News , saying that he thought the phone was " useless in its current state " .
" Apple have created a phone that has an antenna on the bottom left - hand side of the phone . "
" This means that when you hold it in your left hand , the signal bars slowly fade until there is no signal , " he wrote .
' Complaints '
A number of videos have been posted on video sharing site YouTube complaining about the reception issue .
One video had an American user running a speed test , with hands on and hands free .
In it , the user ' awington ' says that , while holding the phone " it wo n't even run the test when I am holding the phone ... once I let go , it makes a connection and runs the test .
" Hold it a second time , and the upload test will not start . "
Social networking site Twitter was full of chatter , with numerous tweets on the reception problems .
The issue might stem from the way the integrated antenna is constructed .
One section provides mobile reception , while another is for wi-fi .
Some users have speculated that touching the bottom of the phone bridges this gap , affecting signal strength .
However , it is not yet clear whether the problem affects all phones , or if the signal deteriorates when the phone is making a call or only when held in standby mode .
When Steve Jobs introduced the iPhone 4 at Apple Worldwide Developers Conference , he described the integrated antenna as " really cool engineering " .
Apple has yet to make a comment on the current controversy surrounding the latest version of its popular phone .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( View it larger on YouTube ) | Subscribe to us on YouTube
idea by Jeff Greenspan / edited by Matt Adams / song by Tyler Walker
For Improv Everywhere ‘s latest mission , they created separate walking lanes for tourists and New Yorkers on a Fifth Avenue sidewalk .
Department of Transportation “ employees ” were on hand to enforce the new rules and ask pedestrians for their feedback on the initiative .
Enjoy the video first and then go behind - the - scenes with the photos and report on IE ’s site :
Improv Everywhere : The Tourist Lane
Also check out these other recent Improv Everywhere missions :
I Love Lunch ! project page
Who You Gonna Call ?
project page
Guerrila Handbell Strikeforce project page
Where ’s Rob project page
Subscribe to Improv Everywhere on YouTube
Cyclorama : The 20 Year Rule
Celtic artwork ©1995-2002 , Cari Buziak
By Gregg Juke ( June 2002 )
There is a time - worn adage that says " everything old is new again . "
How true it is .
Especially when applied to the subject of popular culture , and specifically , popular music .
In a recent Perfect Sound Forever article , author Richie Unterberger decries the resurgence of 1970's AOR music .
It 's possible to see where he , as so many who have gone before him , has missed the bigger picture ; the causality behind the ' 70's redux that would have allowed us to predict its coming ahead of time .
As everyone who has been at least tangentially involved in the " culture business , " and specifically , the music industry ( even the astute outside observer ) is aware , many aspects of the music business are cyclical .
Certain business and aesthetic areas of popular music experience this death and rebirth phenomenon on a regular basis reminiscent of the timeless struggle between Vishnu and Shiva in some lost Hindu epic ( characterized in the Led Zeppelin classic " The Battle of Evermore " ) .
General cultural phenomena ( hipsterism , fat ties , skinny ties , Star Trek ) and specific musical styles and artists ( " Classic Rock , " Country , Blues , Jazz , and the perennial Beatles ) enjoy recurring popularity .
Let 's look at a few of these recurring cycles , before examining exactly why the ' 70's / Retro craze should have been so predictable .
Cyclical phenomena in the music business include several varieties .
The " Indie Company / Major Consolidation " cycle in the recording and publishing businesses ( whereby market and cultural factors entice entrepreneurs to start independent record labels catering to a new or under - represented style of music , which leads to commercial success , which leads to major labels and corporations purchasing the independent companies and the cycle starting all over again ) is a well established paradigm that was probably documented first by Charlie Gillet in his book The Sound of the City : The Rise of Rock and Roll .
The cycle that drives the Indie - Major machine is often perceived as no cycle at all , but actually could be called the " New Decade / Next Big Thing " cycle - somewhere , in some small town in the U.S. or abroad , something is brewing that none of are expecting , but nonetheless will emerge to become the next wave in the pop music continuum ( think of the ' 20's as the " Jazz Age , " ' 30's and ' 40's as the " Swing Era , " ' 50's as the birth of Rock & Roll , the ' 60's as the era of the emergence of Motown , Soul , the Beatles , and " Hard Rock , " the ' 70's as the incubator for Disco and Punk , the 80s as the New Wave , Heavy Metal , and later the Hip - Hop era , the early ' 90's as Grunge , etc. , etc. , and you will begin to understand this cycle ) .
There is what one could call the " Anomaly Cycle " : the recurring ( but unpredictable ) popularity of Swing , Ska / Reggae , Country , Blues , and the Beatles .
There is also a " Cover Song Cycle , " in which various " standards " and popular songs of bygone days are " rediscovered " and performed and recorded as new versions , often to great acclaim .
All of these recurring phenomena are well known and documented through disparate sources ; but is there a predictable cadence ?
What , if any , could be counted as a unifying or over - arching factor ?
Is there a cycle that drives or impacts the others ?
Perhaps the most cyclical , the most predictable , and maybe the most influential ( yet somehow most overlooked ) of all the cultural / musical cycles is something that we could call the " 20 Year Rule . "
In simple terms , the 20 Year Rule expresses the concept that something that is popular now ( a style of music or particular artist , a fashion or a " look " ) will be popular again 20 years from now , give or take a few years either way ( a possible range of 15 to 25 years , the mean cycle averaging almost exactly 20 ) .
There are always two main waves of popular music moving through the mainstream at any given time - the " new " / currently popular , and the " retro " ( generally music that was initially popular 20 years , or two decades , earlier ) .
This also seems true , perhaps to a somewhat lesser extent , for non-musical but related cultural trends .
In the ' 70's , we saw the initial rise of the " Oldies " radio format , seemingly creating an unstoppable groundswell of interest in everything " ' 50's " - music ( of course ) , leather jackets , poodle skirts , diners , and motorcycles .
The ' 70's were the '50's : Happy Days , American Graffiti ( ostensibly a movie about the ' 60's , but featuring " greasers " and ' 50's music ) , The Buddy Holly Story , Grease , and an incredible explosion of ' 50's cover bands on the local and national scenes ( led by television darlings Sha - Na - Na ) , along with attendant use of ' 50 's style music in radio and TV commercials .
In the 1980's , along with the then popular New Wave ( and later " Hair Metal " ) bands , we experienced a major ' 60 's rehash , spurred on by films like The Wanderers , Eddie and the Cruisers , and The Big Chill , which helped to re-popularize Motown and Soul music , along with a related explosion in the marketability of bands like the Doors , and more cover band activity and advertising use of ' 60 's music .
By the time the ' 90's rolled around , along with the high profile and huge record sales attained by R&B , Hip - Hop , Grunge , and Alternative artists , we also saw a major trend towards retro - '70's music and culture - " Classic Rock " radio formats , the second " Disco explosion " ( with movies Studio 54 and Boogie Nights , and the traveling party " The World 's Largest Disco " ) , the proliferation of networks such as VH1 , with their then Behind the Music / '70 's - centric focus .
The '90's also saw the " jam band " phenomenon ( which could plausibly be argued is a rehash of ' 60's and ' 70's psychedelia ) , the return of Punk and the " D.I.Y . " movement , and such culturally barometric movies and TV shows as The Brady Bunch and That 70s Show .
In the ultimate double - whammy 20 year redux example , the film Grease enjoyed a renaissance in the late ' 90's , 20 years after its initial release , creating a unique 40 year effect ( 1959 - 1979 , 1979 - 1999 ) .
And in the 2000's ?
Someone who has been predicting for several years that " In 2002 , 1982 will be the next best thing since sliced bread " would not be disappointed by early indicators of the tried and true transformative power of the 20 Year Rule .
Examples include , in no particular order , the unmitigated sampling , covering , and general mania in the Hip - Hop community for anything " Old School , " the return of Break - Dancing , the re-release of films such as E.T. and new , made - for - TV movies like The Gilda Radner Story ; television exhibiting an 80s focus with SCTV and Hill St. Blues reruns , and VH1 becoming ' 80's - centric ... the resurgence of popular 80s bands such as Blondie and the Go - Gos , comeback attempts by artists like Vanilla Ice , radio and TV commercials with a decidedly " ' 80's feel ; " an obvious ' 80's influence espoused by currently popular bands like Korn ( their latest single " Falling Through Time " ) , jazz cover versions of ' 80's hits like Roxy Music 's " More Than This , " a renewed interest in touring by ' 80's New Wave and Hair Metal bands alike ; " That 70s Show " morphing into " That 80s Show , " and the leading indicator that any musical era is experiencing a marketable resurgence , the ubiquitous Time - Life " 80s Package " ( " where else could you find so many great songs from the ' 80's in just one collection ? ! ? " ) .
The Time - Life collection is a strong ( and curious ) indicator for a few reasons .
Of course , each preceding decade of the Rock / Pop era had its Time - Life retrospective treatment - the ' 50's , ' 60's , and ' 70's .
But what is more interesting is the packaging itself ; music and cultural innovations do not necessarily occur in neat , decade - long epochs .
The popular music of 1962 has a lot more to do with the music of 1955 than say , that of 1967 or ' 69 .
The R&B of the early ' 90's is much closer in style to that of the late 80s than it is the late ' 90's .
Innovation in music occurs at much less regular intervals than marketing and promotion people would have us believe , usually across artificially imposed chronological boundaries like " decade packaging . "
What decade packaging of pop music does do , however , is make it easier for our aging minds and memories to grasp some element of time - based recognition , for nostalgia to have its simple way - " Ah , I remember how great the ' 80 's were ... "
Which leads us to some clues as to why the 20 Year Rule works .
Every 20 years or so , a new generation collectively comes to terms with adulthood , reassesses itself , its culture and achievements , and pines for the " good old days " - high school fun without the responsibility of family and career .
At the same time , a younger generation " discovers " the music and trends of 20 years past ; popular music from 10 years prior , even 5 , is " old " and " corny , " while vintage 20 - year old music is " retro " and " cool . "
Still unconvinced ?
Ian Whitcomb , in his monumental pop music tomb After The Ball , documents ( without comment , and perhaps unknowingly ) the effects of the 20 Year Rule reaching back into the 19th century , the dawn of what we now call " popular music . "
Through this and other sources ( Ben Sidran 's Black Talk , for instance ) you will find all the precedent you need - the resurgence of various early pop music forms ( Barbershop Quartet / " Gay ' 90's , " Ragtime , so - called " Dixieland " Jazz , and more ) almost to the date 20 years after their greatest initial cultural impact ( not necessarily the period of their creation or innovation ) .
news Bell Tolls For Politely Tackled G20 Looter
There are lots of bad videos from Toronto streets during the G20 .
This , though , might be the best .
It ’s just seventeen seconds long , but here ’s what happens : in the midst of Saturday ’s violence , a man holds his black hoodie up to his face and walks through the smashed window of the Bell store on Yonge Street south of College .
He grabs a white box — presumably with a phone inside — and quickly heads back out .
As he leaves , he knocks into a man in a brown t- shirt , and in a strange moment of courteousness , seems to half - apologize for the bump .
Then , a man in a light grey shirt grabs the man in the hoodie , wraps his arm around his neck , and wrestles him handily to the ground .
After he does , the man in the grey t- shirt reaches across the man in the hoodie , grabs the box , and tosses it back into the store .
( In the background , the man in the brown shirt , who seemed to be about to enter the store himself , apparently reconsiders . )
The man in the grey t- shirt pulls the man in the hoodie up , then shoves him away .
The video , uploaded to YouTube yesterday ( title : “ Looter Gets Owned During G20 Toronto Riots ” ) was shot by Corey Surge , a local writer and director .
“ I had seen on the news that there was a large group of protesters making their way down Queen , ” explains Surge , “ so I hopped on my crappy Canadian Tire bike with my camera and thought I ’d snap a few pics .
What I ended up in the middle of was pretty shocking — definitely not something you ’d expect in Canada , let alone the city you live in ….
It was overwhelming . ”
“ I just kept thinking that this is unlike anything I have seen before in person , unlike anything I ’ve been a part of , ” Surge continues .
“ I was also grateful that I had my dorky bike helmet on to protect myself from projectiles and glass . ”
Surge says , too , that he wanted to do what the man in the grey t- shirt did : “ As scrawny as I am , I ’m quite squirrelly and my instinct was actually to interject . ”
A few minutes earlier , though , Surge watched as a man who ’d tried to stop one rioter from breaking a window was “ swarmed by no less than eight to ten other people , ” so “ self preservation , and fear of my mother and father ’s scorn if they had to pick me up at the hospital ( or jail ) , dictated I not put myself at risk against this mob . ”
No such fears for the man in the grey t- shirt , though , whose identity for now remains unknown to Surge and us .
( If you do know , email [ email protected ] . ) [ :
He ’s Roger Reis , a banker who also happens to have a black belt .
Here ’s Torontoist ’s interview with him . ]
Here is some data on downloads of Haskell libraries and apps on Hackage , for the first half of 2010 .
Hackage is the central repository of open source Haskell libraries and tools .
Once they install the Haskell Platform , users get more libraries from Hackage , via “ cabal install ” .
Headlines
May was the most popular month for Hackage ever , breaking 150 k downloads in a single month for the first time .
The 2000th Haskell package was released on April 16 .
Total downloads on Hackage since 2006 have passed 2.4 million , with 780 thousand downloads in 2010 so far ( double the total from the same time in 2009 ) .
Totals
Total cabal packages : 2182 . (+ 208 in Q2 ) .
Total contributing developers : 575 ( 42 new developers in Q2 )
90 day moving average : 12 packages per day uploaded .
Total downloads from Hackage 2007 - present : 2.42 million
Average monthly downloads in 2010 : 130 thousand .
Top of the Pops
The top 15 most popular libraries in the first half of 2010 were :
HTTP parsec ( +1 ) zlib ( - 1 ) binary ( +1 ) network ( +2 ) utf8 - string ( - 2 ) Cabal ( +1 ) QuickCheck ( - 2 ) mtl ( +1 ) haskell - src-exts ( - 1 ) regex - base deepseq ( +6 ) ghc - paths ( +2 ) hslogger ( +6 ) regex - posix ( - 2 )
Top 15 most popular applications in the first half of 2010 :
cabal - install xmonad haddock ( +1 ) cpphs ( - 1 ) happy darcs ( +1 ) alex ( +1 ) hscolour ( - 2 ) pandoc hlint leksah xmobar yi hint agda
Honorable Mentions
The Galois xml library was more popular in the first half of 2010 than HaXml , dethroning HaXml for the first time .
text has made it into the top 30 libraries
HDBC continues to be the most popular database library
vector has almost surpassed array in downloads ( array is part of the Haskell Platform though )
wxHaskell is still more popular than gtk2hs on Hackage , though gtk2hs has almost caught up .
You can read all the 2010 data for your favorite packages , and ranked by 2010 popularity .
Top Libraries by Category
Networking : HTTP , network , network - bytestring , curl
HTTP , network , network - bytestring , curl Parsing : parsec , polyparse , attoparsec
parsec , polyparse , attoparsec Compression : zlib , zip - archive
zlib , zip - archive Binary formats : binary , cereal
binary , cereal
Text formats : ut f8 - string , text , dataenc
ut f8 - string , text , dataenc Markup : pandoc , xhtml , tagsoup , html
pandoc , xhtml , tagsoup , html JSON : json
json Atom / RSS : feed
: feed XML : xml , HaXml , hexpat
xml , HaXml , hexpat Web services : happstack , snap
: happstack , snap GUIs : wxHaskell , gtk2hs
: wxHaskell , gtk2hs Graphics : SDL , cairo , gd
: SDL , cairo , gd Templates : HStringTemplate
: HStringTemplate Testing : QuickCheck , HUnit , testpack , hpc
QuickCheck , HUnit , testpack , hpc Control : mtl , transformers , monads -fd
mtl , transformers , monads - fd Languages : haskell - src-exts , haskell - src , ﻿HJavaScript
haskell - src-exts , haskell - src , ﻿HJavaScript Regexes : regex - {base , posix , compat , tdfa} , pcre- light
regex - {base , posix , compat , tdfa} , pcre- light Logging : hslogger
hslogger Generics : uniplate , syb - with - class , syb
uniplate , syb - with - class , syb 3D : OpenGL
OpenGL Edit history : haskeline
haskeline Concurrency and parallelism : parallel , stm
parallel , stm Databases : HDBC
HDBC Arrays : array , vector , hmatrix
: array , vector , hmatrix Hashing : pureMD5 , SHA
: pureMD5 , SHA Data structures : containers , fingertree , dlist
: containers , fingertree , dlist Science : statistics
: statistics Benchmarking : criterion
: criterion Storage : hs3
Is there anything else you see in the data ?
Washington Post
By Nick Anderson
Thursday , May 27 , 2010 ; A01
Senior congressional Democrats and the Obama administration scrambled Wednesday to line up support for $ 23 billion in federal aid to avert an estimated 100,000 or more school layoffs in a brutal year for education budgets coast to coast .
As early as Thursday , the House Appropriations Committee expects to take up a bill that couples the school funding with spending for the Afghanistan war -- a measure that has bipartisan support .
But a parallel push in the Senate stalled this week after a leading proponent concluded that he could n't muster enough votes to surmount Republican opposition .
" We desperately need Congress to act -- to recognize the emergency for what it is , " Education Secretary Arne Duncan said Wednesday on Capitol Hill .
" We have to keep hundreds of thousands of teachers teaching . "
Republicans and some Democrats say the government can't afford an extension of last year 's economic stimulus that would add to the federal deficit .
The stimulus law kept many school budgets afloat with $ 49 billion in direct aid to states and billions of dollars more for various programs .
But the stimulus funding is trailing off before state and local tax revenue can recover from the recession .
Skeptics of a new education jobs fund point out that the teaching force in recent years has grown faster than enrollment , with schools adding instructional coaches and reducing class sizes .
" Giving states another $ 23 billion in federal education money simply throws more money into taxpayer - funded bailouts when we should be discussing why we are n't seeing the results we need from the billions in federal dollars that are already being spent , " said House Minority Leader John A. Boehner ( R - Ohio ) .
How many of the estimated 3.3 million public school teachers nationwide will lose their jobs remains unknown .
Duncan often says 100,000 to 300,000 education jobs are at risk , including support staff .
Teachers unions have put the layoff threat in the range of 160,000 -- including 9,000 in New Jersey , 16,000 in New York and 36,000 in California .
Most Washington area school systems plan relatively few layoffs but are squeezing costs , with Fairfax County scrapping most summer school , for example , and Montgomery County increasing class sizes in elementary grades .
The National Education Association , the largest teachers union , said Wednesday that it is funding TV ads in markets that are home to potential swing votes among House Democrats .
The ad features children dressed in business suits pleading for a school bailout similar to what bankers received .
If the House approves the measure , proponents hope to overcome Senate obstacles .
Sen .
Tom Harkin ( D - Iowa ) had expected to offer the school funding proposal for a Senate vote but dropped that plan Tuesday .
Harkin said he had majority support but not the 60 votes needed to beat a filibuster .
He said he would seek to include school aid in a final version of the war spending bill negotiated with the House .
Proponents say they also may need President Obama to speak out and twist arms on Capitol Hill on behalf of schools .
Deficit spending has become a tougher political sell since enactment of the stimulus law early in Obama 's term .
Democrats are on the defensive in an election year , and the president has signaled that he wants to do more to rein in spending .
California is ground zero for the school budget crisis .
The most populous state , with a budget deficit of $ 19 billion , is shedding summer school , music and art classes , bus routes , days from the school year , and yet - uncounted thousands of teachers .
The proposed aid could give the state $ 2.8 billion in relief .
Independent analysts say the state has one of the leanest education budgets in the nation .
Its Department of Education estimates that state and local funding per student is down 15 percent over three years .
To reduce layoffs , Los Angeles cut five days from the school year ; San Francisco cut four .
At El Dorado Elementary School in San Francisco , kindergarten teacher Jennifer Moless grew fed up with all of the pink slips .
She took some construction paper -- pink , naturally -- and markers and drew up her own messages .
The testimonials were hanging this month in the hallways : " Provides hot tea to thirsty , sniffling colleagues .
. . .
Tutors students after school .
. . .
Organizes many of our family events .
. . .
Collaborates with teachers across the district .
. . .
Will be pink - slipped .
. . .
We need you !
Save El Dorado ! "
Many of the school 's 300 students come from public housing and qualify for free or reduced - price meals .
But 11 out of 15 classroom teachers received preliminary layoff notices in March .
That 's a frequent result of rules that base layoffs on seniority .
" Higher - needs schools are hit inequitably , " said Moless , 33 , in her third year in the San Francisco district .
" They 're taking the worst of the cuts . "
Moless , who received one of the pink slips , said she is doubly upset because she just bought a house nearby .
" This is my neighborhood . "
Teacher layoff projections have dwindled in San Francisco from 700 to 350 to 195 , pending ratification of a labor agreement that includes furloughs .
Seniority will determine who stays and who goes .
El Dorado Principal Tai -Sun Schoeman said last week that seven teachers who received preliminary pink slips are likely to get reprieves , including Moless .
But if that is what it means to be " saved , " the school is hardly celebrating :
At least four teachers are likely to be laid off .
Methinee Thongma , 33 , came to the school last year to teach first grade after having taught for several years in Fresno .
She has no seniority and , quite possibly , no job come summer .
She has hunted for work since March .
" There are n't really a lot of jobs out there , " she said .
CONSPIRACY THEORY AS
NAIVE DECONSTRUCTIVE
HISTORY
by Floyd Rudmin
April , 2003
newdemocracyworld.org
Floyd Rudmin is a member of the Psychology Department , University of Tromsø , Tromsø , Norway .
" Conspiracy theory " is usually used as a pejorative label , meaning paranoid , nutty , marginal , and certainly untrue .
The power of this pejorative is that it discounts a theory by attacking the motivations and mental competence of those who advocate the theory .
By labeling an explanation of events " conspiracy theory , " evidence and argument are dismissed because they come from a mentally or morally deficient personality , not because they have been shown to be incorrect .
Calling an explanation of events " conspiracy theory " means , in effect , " We do n't like you , and no one should listen to your explanation . "
In earlier eras other pejorative labels , such as " heresy , " " witchery , " and " communism " also worked like this .
The charge of " conspiracy theory " is not so severe as these other labels , but in its way is many times worse .
Heresy , witchcraft , and communism at least retain some sense of potency .
They designate ideas to be feared .
" Conspiracy theory " implies that the ideas and their advocates are simple - minded or insane .
All such labels implicitly define a community of orthodox believers and try to banish or shun people who challenge orthodox beliefs .
Members of the community who are sympathetic to new thoughts might shy away from the new thoughts and join in the shunning due to fear of being tainted by the pejorative label .
There is currently a boom in books on conspiracy theory , most of them derogatory , as is evident in some recent titles : Architects of Fear : Conspiracy Theories and Paranoia in American Politics ; Conspiracy Culture : From the Kennedy Assassination to the X - Files ; Conspiracy : How the Paranoid Style Flourishes and Where It Comes From .
Within popular US culture , there is also now a boom in movies , novels , and web sites that feature conspiracy theories .
The apparent popularity of conspiracy theories is often cited as a cause of concern , that our society is breaking down .
For example , Canadian journalist Robert Sibley has said that conspiracy theory is " a nihilistic vortex of delusion and superstition that negates reality itself . "
I think that just the reverse is true .
There is nothing insane or sinister about conspiracy theory research .
It is rather matter of fact .
A wide range of ordinary people from many walks of life take an interest in the political and economic events of our era .
They think things through on their own , use the library , seek for evidence , articulate a theory , communicate with other people with similar interests .
It is heartening that some citizens invest time and effort to unearth and expose some of the conspiracies that damage our society , our economy and our government .
But it certainly does seem that some historians and journalists are quite frightened of conspiracy theory and its wide popularity .
Those are the two professions whose job it is to interpret our world for us .
When ordinary people take on the task of doing this themselves , it must mean that they do n't believe what the authorities say we should .
Maybe the professionals feel threatened when amateurs think about political events for themselves .
Perhaps we are in the middle of a new Reformation .
The high priests are again losing their monopoly , and they see us sliding into cults and chaos .
Something similar happened in 1517 , when Martin Luther challenged the Church and translated the Bible into German so that ordinary people could think about theology for themselves .
When put on trial , Luther said , " I can not submit my faith either to the Pope or to the Councils , because it is clear as day they have frequently erred and contradicted each other . "
That is exactly what a JFK conspiracy theorist would say about the Warren Commission .
People take on the task of explaining things for themselves when the orthodox experts insist on saying nonsense — for example , that Lee Harvey Oswald acting alone killed JFK .
A Reformation is a rebellion against arrogance .
If historians and journalists want to understand why they are being displaced by conspiracy theory , it would be most reasonable to examine their own failings first .
The correct big - word label for conspiracy theory would be " naive deconstructive history . "
It is " history " because it explains events , but only after they have happened .
Past - tense .
Conspiracy theory , as a political act , is an after - the - fact complaint .
To see conspiracies while they are happening would require the resources and powers of police forces and espionage agencies .
Conspiracy theory is " deconstructive history " because it is in rebellion against official explanations and against orthodox journalism and orthodox history .
Conspiracy theory is radically empirical : tangible facts are the focus , especially facts that the standard stories try to overlook .
There is a ruthless reduction down to what is without doubt real , namely , persons .
Conspiracy theory presumes that human events are caused by people acting as people do , including cooperating , planning , cheating , deceiving , and pursuing power .
Thus , conspiracy theories do not focus on impersonal forces like geo-politics , market economics , globalization , social evolution and other such abstract explanations of human events .
To call conspiracy theory " naive " does not mean that it is uncritical or stupidly innocent .
In fact , that is what conspiracy theorists might say about orthodox explanations of events promoted by government sources , by mainstream journalism , or by schoolbook history .
For example , it is naive to believe that the September 11 , 1973 , coup d'etat against Allende was not orchestrated by the United States .
Rather , to here call deconstructive history " naive " means that conspiracy theorists are unaware that they are doing deconstructive history , and they are amateurs , untrained in deconstructive history .
Conspiracy theories arise when dramatic events happen , and the orthodox explanations try to diminish the events and gloss them over .
In other words , conspiracy theories begin when someone notices that the explanations do not fit the facts .
Take the case of explaining the past two decades of US " free - trade " schemes among countries in the Americas : FTA , NAFTA , and soon FTAA .
These schemes began with two nations , then three , and soon four and more .
The first was the 1989 Canada - US Free Trade Agreement ( FTA ) which set the subservient conditions of member nations to US economic dominance .
The essence of the FTA is that US corporations get unrestricted commercial rights and resource ownership in Canada , and in exchange , Canada gets to obey US trade laws .
Why would Canadians have agreed to this ?
Well , we did n't , but historians would explain it by saying something like , " Globalization made Canadians choose free - trade . "
Conspiracy theorists would say , " Do n't be naive .
Look at the facts . "
In a decade of political opinion polls , and in three consecutive national elections ( 1984 , 1988 , 1993 ) , a majority of Canadians had consistently said that they do not want American " free - trade " schemes .
How has it happened that such a clear , strong democratic decision by so many millions of Canadians could be overthrown ?
In the 1984 and 1993 federal elections in Canada , the successful parties had explicitly campaigned against free - trade , but when elected they reversed themselves .
The 1988 vote was also not straight : of the two anti-free - trade parties , the minor one in mid-campaign began to attack the leader of the major one .
It is reasonable to see such facts and to surmise that orthodox explanations are not the real explanations .
Let 's look in the library to see what can be found .
From 1976 to 1979 , more than a decade before the FTA , US Ambassador Thomas Enders was crisscrossing Canada promoting free - trade .
Who was Thomas Enders ?
He was hired by the US government in 1958 as an " intelligence research specialist . "
In 1969 he was in Yugoslavia , in 1971 Cambodia .
His jobs there were to rig Lon Nol 's election and to use a local intelligence network to pick villages to be bombed by B52s in President Nixon 's secret war .
From 1976 to 1979 , he was in Canada weaving a web of political and business connections to promote the American version of " free - trade . "
In 1981 Enders became President Reagan 's Assistant Secretary of State for Inter - American Affairs , working on the invasion of Grenada and the illegal proxy wars against Nicaragua and El Salvador .
One of his jobs was to coordinate operations with Oliver North and Duane Claridge , head of the CIA 's covert operations in Latin America .
Considering these facts , which is more likely — that Enders was in Canada promoting free - trade as some kind of personal hobby , or that he was under orders , promoting free - trade as one more operation in a career of covert operations ?
At the time , Quebec 's populist premier , Réne Lévesque , said of Enders , " He 's the bum who launched the bombs in Vietnam .
He 's a damned spy .
He must be working for the CIA " ( quoted in Lisée , 1990 , p. 207 ) .
The idea of NAFTA first appeared in public in 1979 , to everyone 's surprise , as Ronald Reagan 's core policy when he announced his candidacy for President .
But , curiously , it was then never again mentioned in his campaign .
In 1979 , Reagan 's campaign was run by Michael Deaver and Paul Hannaford , who reportedly also ran a public relations firm that represented the right - wing Guatemalan group Amigos del Pais and its leader Roberto Alejos , who had provided the ranch used for CIA training of Cuban Bay of Pigs invasion forces in 1961 .
In early 1980 William Casey became Reagan 's campaign director .
Casey began his career directing OSS espionage operations in Germany and China in the 1940s , and he ended his career as director of the CIA .
It is not common for US presidential candidates to be so managed by those so linked to covert operations .
The information in the proceeding two paragraphs comes from library sources .
" Free - trade " comes from the dark lower bowels of Washington sometime in the early 1970s .
It seems to have been conceived and promoted , in part , by conspiracy rather than by forthright democratic processes .
This exemplifies how conspiracy theory arises : 1 ) significant political or economic events change power relationships in our society ; 2 ) contradictions are noticed by ordinary citizens in the explanations of these events ; 3 ) concern and curiosity are aroused ; 4 ) further information is sought under the presumption that power is being abused and deception is being deployed .
Most of the evidence discovered is circumstantial , as it must be when investigating conspiracies .
" Free - trade " was definitely not the democratic choice of Canadians , and maybe not of Americans or Mexicans either .
There is a history waiting to be written about these " free - trade " schemes .
Orthodox , school - book historians will probably not write that history , and mainstream journalists will not dig it out .
Conspiracy theorists might .
( Did anyone notice that the NAFTA treaty was not legally passed by Congress as a treaty ? )
Conspiracy theory has a special focus on contradictions , discrepancies , and missing facts .
The natural sciences similarly seek to find faulty explanations by focusing on facts that do n't fit the orthodox explanations .
If we want more truthful explanations of events , whether of scientific events or of political and historical events , then we must compare competing explanations .
One explanation usually fits the available observations better than the other .
By the principle of fit , the explanation that encompasses more of the observations should be preferred .
This principle can favor conspiracy theories .
For example , one gunman cannot shoot a bolt - action rifle as fast as the shots were fired at JFK .
The vast majority of eye - witnesses heard shots coming from different directions .
We can discover mis-explanations and find better ones by focusing on the facts that do n't fit .
For example , Galileo concluded that moons around Jupiter are discrepancies to the then - orthodox geocentric theory .
Galileo was called a heretic for writing that .
Mark Lane 's book , Rush to Judgment , includes hundreds of facts that did not fit the Warren Commission 's conclusion that a lone gunman killed Kennedy .
Lane was called a conspiracy theorist for writing that .
The pejorative force of the " conspiracy theory " label comes from its ad hominem attack on the author 's personality .
It is true that conspiracy theory authors doubt the orthodox explanations and suspect that there are other explanations for events .
Such doubt and suspicion , which is the same kind of doubt and suspicion as motivates many scientific discoveries , gets labeled paranoia .
Think for a moment .
Most of the US population believes that a conspiracy , not a lone gunman , killed JFK .
A society could not function if that many people were " paranoid . "
That word is pure pejorative .
Real paranoia includes : 1 ) fear , 2 ) of a prominent person , 3 ) whom you think threatens you personally , 4 ) using invisible means , like the evil - eye , x-rays , or laser beams .
Conspiracy theory entails doubt and suspicion , but that is far from clinical paranoia .
For example , I believe the Iran - Contra conspiracy theory , but I have no emotion of fear , certainly no fear that Oliver North is out to get me , using invisible rays of some kind .
However , we should remember that conspiracy theorists are ordinary people and will show ordinary failings of rationality , for example , what is referred to as " confirmation bias . "
This means that we are all biased to look for evidence that our ideas are right rather than for evidence that our ideas are wrong .
This bias has been demonstrated and replicated in many different contexts and countries .
Confirmation bias is a common mistake made by conspiracy theorists , as well as by historians , journalists , and everyone else .
David Fischer has catalogued and exemplified over 100 different kinds of faulty reasoning in the research of competent , published historians .
These would all apply to conspiracy theorists as well .
Conspiracy theory is more thoughtful than fearful .
The motivations behind conspiracy theory research are cognitive and social .
It is very much like doing family genealogy .
You begin with a few facts .
Then you puzzle out the story , make inferences and hypotheses , and seek further facts .
With help from other people , with good luck , you discover information that is sometimes difficult to find .
A story emerges , suggesting new facts that should be sought .
The satisfaction comes from finding the facts , constructing the story , and sharing the process and discoveries with other people .
Conspiracy theorists think they are serving the public good .
Often their motivations are patriotic , and with good reason .
Democracy is built on distrust of the king and all the king 's men .
Democratic safeguards like habeas corpus , jury trial , independent courts , and secret ballots all presume that we should not trust people in positions of power .
Because of distrust , opposition parties and an independent press are expected to question and criticize the government , and the government is expected to answer .
The free press is called the Fourth Estate , in opposition to the First Estate ( the Church ) , the Second Estate ( the aristocracy ) , and the Third Estate ( those who live off capital ) .
Since orthodox journalism has become an instrument of power , investigative journalism is now sometimes called the Fifth Estate .
Conspiracy theory is part of the Fifth Estate in this balance of powers .
The independent , oppositional thinking that underlies conspiracy theory is not paranoia ; it is the very foundation of freedom and democracy .
There probably appear to be more " conspiracy theories " about for three reasons :
1 ) More people have the skills and resources to look for conspiracies and to make their thinking public ;
2 ) Probably there are more conspiracies to find as political and economic power become ever more concentrated and our democracy declines ;
3 ) Mainstream journalism and schoolbook history now serve the state and corporate interests more than in the past , so now we hear more nonsense .
Conspiracy theory will certainly be a growth industry for the foreseeable future .
Conspiracy theory will decrease when conspiracies decrease and when journalists and historians increase their efforts to explain events rather than explain them away .
References :
Barkun , M. ( 2003 ) .
A culture of conspiracy : Apocalyptic visions in contemporary America .
Berkeley : University of California Press .
Barlow , M. & Clarke , T. ( 1998 ) .
MAI : The Multilateral Agreement on Investment and the threat to American freedom .
New York : Stoddart .
Brandt , D. ( 1993 ) .
NAMEBASE .
San Antonio : Public Information Research .
Camp , G. S. ( 1997 ) .
Selling fear : Conspiracy theories and end - times paranoia .
Grand Rapids : Baker Books .
Chodos , R. ( 1978 ) .
" From Enders to Chretien to Horner to you : Continentalism rears its head . "
Last Post , 6 ( 6 ) .
Clark , G. K. ( 1967 ) .
The critical historian .
London : Heinemann .
Clarke , T. & Barlow , M. 1997 ) .
MAI : The Multilateral Agreement on Investment and the threat to Canadian sovereignty .
Toronto : Stoddart .
Clarkson , F. ( 1986 ) .
" Behind the supply lines . "
Covert Action Information Bulletin , ( 25 ) , 56 , 50 - 53 .
Coughlin , P. T. ( 1999 ) .
Secrets , plots and hidden agendas :
What you do n't know about conspiracy theories .
Downers Grove , IL : InterVarsity Press .
Fenster , M. ( 1999 ) .
Conspiracy theories : Secrecy and power in American culture .
London : University of Minnesota Press .
Fischer , D. H. ( 1970 ) .
Historians ' fallacies .
New York : Harper & Row .
Hidell , A. , & D'Arc , J. ( 1999 ) .
The conspiracy reader : From the deaths of JFK and John Lennon to government - sponsored alien cover-ups .
Secaucus , NJ : Carol .
Hofstadter , R. ( 1965 ) .
The paranoid style in American politics .
New York : Knopf .
Hurtig , M. ( 1991 ) .
The betrayal of Canada .
Toronto : Stoddart .
Jackson , D. ( 2000 ) .
Conspiranoia !:
The mother of all conspiracies .
New York : Plume .
Johnson , G. ( 1983 ) .
Architects of fear : Conspiracy theories and paranoia in American politics .
Los Angeles : Tarcher .
Klepper , S. ( 1981 ) .
" The United States in El Salvador . "
Covert Action Information Bulletin , ( 12 ) , 5 - 13 .
Knight , P. ( 2000 ) .
Conspiracy culture : From the Kennedy assassination to the X - Files .
London : Routledge .
Knight , P. ( Ed. ) ( 2002 ) .
Conspiracy nation :
The politics of paranoia in postwar America .
London : New York University Press .
Lane , M. ( 1966 ) .
Rush to judgement .
New York : Holt , Rinehart and Winston .
Lisée , J. F. ( 1990 ) .
In the eye of the eagle .
Toronto : HarperCollins .
Manktelow , K. & Over , D. ( Eds. ) ( 1993 ) .
Rationality : Psychological and philosophical perspectives .
London : Routledge .
Marcus , G. E. K( Ed. ) ( 1999 ) .
Paranoia within reason .
A casebook on conspiracy as an explanation .
London : University of Chicago Press .
Munslow , A. ( 1997 ) .
Deconstructing history .
London : Routledge .
Orchard .
D. ( 1993 ) The fight for Canada .
Toronto : Stoddart .
Parish , J. , & Parker , M. ( Eds. ) ( 2001 ) .
The age of anxiety : Conspiracy theory and the human sciences .
Oxford : Blackwell .
Persico J. E. ( 1991 ) .
Casey : From the OSS to the CIA .
New York : Penquin .
Pipes , D. ( 1997 ) .
Conspiracy : How the paranoid style flourishes and where it comes from .
New York : Free Press .
Preston , W. & Ray , E. ( 1983 ) .
" Disinformation and mass deception : Democracy as a cover story . "
Covert Action Information Bulletin , ( 19 ) , 3 - 12 .
Ross , R. ( Producer ) ( 1992 , April 7 ) .
" Investigating the October Surprise . " PBS documentary .
Shawcross , W. ( 1979 ) .
Sideshow : Kissinger , Nixon , and the destruction of Cambodia .
New York : Simon and Schuster .
Sibley , R. ( 1998 , Feb. 8 ) .
" Conspiracy theories . "
Ottawa Citizen .
Sklar , H. ( 1988 ) .
Washington 's war on Nicaragua .
Boston : South End Press .
US State Department ( 1974 ) .
Biographic register .
Washington , DC : US Government Printing Office .
White , T. H. ( 1982 ) .
America in search of itself :
The making of the President 1956 - 1980 .
New York : Harper and Row .
Woodward , B. ( 1987 ) .
Veil :
The secret wars of the CIA , 1981 - 1987 .
New York : Pocket Books .
Back
More than 2,000 Britons were rescued by a luxury cruise liner Recriminations are growing over the costs of the six - day airspace shutdown as thousands of Britons continue their slow journey back to the UK .
Airlines want compensation for the volcanic ash disruption , estimated to have cost the industry more than £ 1bn .
Ryanair has now said it will abide by EU rules and pay for stranded passengers ' food and accommodation .
The Civil Aviation Authority has rejected accusations that it was too slow in reopening UK airspace .
Almost all flights across Europe are expected to go ahead on Thursday .
But large numbers of passengers stranded by the flight ban are still finding their own way back via coach and ferry , while others in far - flung destinations are facing a long wait for another flight .
Ryanair U - turn
Many airlines are angry at the length of the airspace ban and its knock - on cost to them .
In addition to seeking compensation , some - including Ryanair - had objected to paying the hotel and food bills of stranded passengers .
If governments close airspace , the governments should reimburse passengers , not the airlines
Ryanair 's Michael O'Leary
Air passenger rights Ryanair backs down over expenses Under EU regulations , if a flight is cancelled then those passengers flying on European carriers in or out of the EU have the right to a refund or to be re-routed .
If passengers choose to be re-booked by their airline , the law require carriers to cover passengers ' reasonable expenses .
Earlier , budget airline Ryanair said reimbursement would be limited to the original air fare paid by each passenger .
However it later issued a statement saying it would comply with the EU rules and would refund passengers for " reasonably - receipted expenses " .
Ryanair boss Michael O'Leary told the BBC passengers would not receive extra compensation for the inconvenience and the airline would seek to recover its costs - up to 40 m euros ( £ 35 m ) - from the EU " which closed the airspace " .
Mr O'Leary also said he would continue to lobby for a change to the " grossly unfair " rules .
The EC have indicated they will compensate airlines and British holiday companies in the same way that the American government compensated airlines in America after 9/11
Sir Richard Branson
" They 're not designed for European governments closing the entire European airspace for seven days , " he said .
" If governments close airspace , the governments should reimburse passengers , not the airlines " .
Transport Secretary Lord Adonis welcomed the change of heart , saying the government and the Civil Aviation Authority had told Ryanair in the " strongest terms " that the airline could not avoid its obligations .
Easyjet said the flight ban had cost it £ 50 m , including paying for 15,000 hotel rooms .
Oliver Aust from the airline told the BBC's Radio 4 Today programme it would compensate passengers but said that the law was " unfair " .
" We accept it is in the legislation but the legislation is not fit for purpose - it was drafted to deal with overbooking , it was never meant to make airlines the insurer of last resort in a case of natural disaster , " he said .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Some flight - only travellers with Tui - which owns Thomson - whose original flights were cancelled are also being told they would have to pay the difference if an alternative flight is more expensive .
But the official airline watchdog in the UK , the Air Transport Users Council , said passengers should not be asked to pay more money .
Many airlines are seeking financial help from the UK government or European authorities .
Sir Richard Branson , who owns Virgin Atlantic , told the BBC he would expect compensation .
" The EC have indicated they will compensate airlines and British holiday companies in the same way that the American government compensated airlines in America after 9/11 , " he said .
He also said he did not blame the UK government for the blanket ban as it was the " safe option " but lessons would be learned and it would probably never happen again .
CASE STUDY Chris Platt , from Sheffield
We 're currently stranded in Bangkok with very little information available from either airline or embassy .
There are lots of conflicting rumours circulating - we hear from the UK that there are extra slots at Heathrow yet our airline does n't know anything about this .
We 've had a heated discussion with them as we could be stuck here a further three to four weeks unless they put on some extra flights .
We 're in a party of 18 with one injured person who is being medically transferred on Friday night , without his wife or children .
One of our party is 22 weeks pregnant - she 's been given a return date four weeks from today but by then she wo n't be allowed to fly .
We just feel like we have been forgotten .
All our expenses are being funded from our own pockets and the political protests that are going on around us make the atmosphere feel very tense .
We are desperate to get back .
UK cheerleaders ' nail - biting wait Lord Adonis told the BBC the flight ban had perhaps been " too cautious " but that regulators had needed time to test the impact of the ash on aircrafts .
The Ministry of Defence said that RAF training flights on Typhoons based at RAF Coningsby in Lincolnshire have been suspended , after checks on one aircraft found ash deposits in one of its engines .
Civil Aviation Authority chief executive Andrew Haines said he " made no apologies " for the length of the airspace ban , and that any independent inquiry would back his position .
More than 95,000 flights were cancelled across Europe in the past week , with only a handful of flights taking off and landing at UK airports .
The eruption of the Icelandic volcano Eyjafjallajokull on 15 April sent vast amounts of ash into the atmosphere which can be dangerous for aircraft jet engines .
The blanket ban was lifted on Tuesday night and efforts to get tens of thousands of stranded Britons home have stepped up , with airlines , trains , ferries and coaches providing extra capacity .
British Airways was running a full service at Gatwick Airport and all its long - haul flights at Heathrow on Thursday .
But it had to axe a number of short - haul flights at Heathrow and warned disruption to services would continue into the weekend .
In other developments : • About 2,200 British tourists stranded in Spain are returning home on board a new luxury cruise ship in what is thought to be one of the largest peacetime repatriations to the UK .
The £ 500 m Celebrity Eclipse left Bilbao on Thursday and is expected to dock in Southampton on Friday evening • For Britons who are trying to cross the Channel , ferry company LD Lines is advising passengers to head for the ports of Dieppe and Le Havre , where they have foot passenger capacity on Thursday and over the next day •
Many airports around the UK are returning to business as usual .
UK air traffic control body Nats said a volume of airline traffic " approaching 90 % " was expected from 0700 BST • Easyjet says it has two extra planes in the air and there is now a standby facility for its passengers still stranded abroad • BMI is flying its full international schedule on Thursday and is also operating additional flights to and from key Middle East destinations to help repatriate stranded customers .
The airline says the majority of its UK and Ireland flight programme will also operate on Thursday • Heathrow Airport was granted permission for more night landings on Wednesday • Victoria , Paddington and Liverpool Street rail stations will remain open all night on Thursday and for the next 48 hours , as will Gatwick Airport station in West Sussex .
Rail lines serving Heathrow , Gatwick and Stansted airports will also operate through the night and extra services will run into the early hours to serve the main ferry ports , including Dover .
Engineering work on the main London to Scotland routes - the east and west coast main lines - has been cancelled to enable more direct services to run • Coach Hire Connections , a subsidiary of transport giant National Express , has sent more than 250 coaches to the Continent to bring back more than 10,000 passengers • European air traffic agency Eurocontrol said almost all European airspace is available , with a few exceptions in parts of southern Finland , northern Scotland and western Sweden • Orkney and Shetland airports are due to reopen but Stornoway airport will be closed between 1300 BST and 1900 BST
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Advertisements
If there is one small silver lining in the oil dense cloud that is consuming the Gulf Coast it is that the politicians who are owned by big oil are being exposed .
On CBS ’ Face The Nation today , Gov. Haley Barbour continued to downplay the oil spill and blame the media , without disclosing that oil and gas companies have given $ 1.8 million to his gubernatorial campaigns .
Here is the video of Barbour on Face The Nation today :
Advertisements
Watch CBS News Videos Online
When asked by Bob Schieffer about the media coverage , Barbour said , “ There should be a differentiation , Bob .
The– the– the news coverage of this is– is , of course , there ’s a lot of it .
And , it ’s very sensational and it ’s the worst pictures that you can get .
And it shows every hour on cable news and several times a day on the regular networks .
And the people of the United States have the impression the whole Gulf of Mexico is ankle deep in oil , which is simply not the case .
Everybody knows it ’s not the case .
By God ’s grace , we have n’t had any oil yet reach the shore of Mississippi .
We ’ve had a couple of incursions on our barrier islands but we have lost the first third of the tourist season .
And , as Admiral Allen said , there are a lot of people on the coast that make most of their living in three months .
And they have been clobbered because of the misperception that our whole coast is knee deep in oil .
The– the– the news media could have differentiated between what ’s going on in Louisiana and what ’s happened to us . ”
One might think that Barbour was engaging in the typical Republican speak of blaming the media while sheltering corporate America , but there is a bit more to it than that .
As Climate Progress pointed out , “ Barbour ’s rise in politics has been largely fueled by the oil and gas industry .
When Barbour served as the chairman on the RNC during the 1994 and 1996 election cycles , he courted oil and coal companies to donate over $ 30 million to Republicans — nearly three times the amount given to Democrats . ”
According to the Center for Responsive Politics , the lobbying firm that Barbour founded , Barbour , Griffith & Rogers , pulled in $ 2.24 million in energy company money in 2001 and 2002 .
( Barbour left in 2003 to run for governor of Mississippi ) .
The icing on the cake is that Barbour leveraged his ties to big energy to the tune of $ 1.8 million for each of his gubernatorial campaigns .
This means that Haley Barbour is nothing more than a paid spokesman for BP .
It is the only explanation for how Barbour can go on television repeatedly and blame the media coverage of the oil spill without acknowledging that the media would have nothing to cover if it was n’t BP causing the oil spill in the first place .
The moral of this story is next time you see a politician from either party say something outlandish , do n’t automatically assume that they are stupid or crazy , because most of the time the true answer can be found by following the money .
In the case of Haley Barbour a couple of million dollars bought BP a fine spokesman disguised as a governor .
Spain put on a stunning show in the Liepzig sunshine
Xabi Alonso headed Spain in front from a Xavi corner and David Villa doubled the lead with a free - kick that deflected past Olexandr Shovkovskiy .
Vladislav Vashchuk was sent off for pulling back Fernando Torres and Villa added a third goal from the penalty .
Spain saved their best for last when Fernando Torres finished off a sublime move by drilling home .
It was a harsh welcome to the finals for World Cup new boys Ukraine who struggled as the temperatures again hit the 30C mark as the German heat - wave continued .
Spain wasted no time in going straight at the debutants , with Torres and Villa showing why they were preferred up front to skipper Raul .
The Ukraine defence looked like they did not know what had hit them as the front pair 's direct running put them firmly on the back foot .
Ukraine had already suffered a few scares when Alonso put Spain in front with his first international goal .
MESSAGEBOARD
Villa will be the top scorer now and will probably move to Madrid or Barca in the summer
Go_Spidey_Go
Four minutes later Ukraine 's woes worsened when Villa 's free - kick clipped the head of Andriy Rusol in the wall and deflected past Shovkovskiy .
Rather than taking their foot off the gas , Spain were like a rampaging bull as the red shirts poured forward .
At the other end little was going right for Ukraine .
Andriy Shevchenko had given them a boost by being passed fit to start , but he was rarely a threat and one of his rare ventures into the Spanish area saw him tread on the ball .
It took them 32 minutes to register a shot on goal , and even then it was a scuffed effort from Andriy Gusin that was easily gathered by Iker Casillas .
The impressive Villa scored two of Spain 's goals
The defender battled back to try and prevent Torres from a clean strike on goal , but Swiss referee Massimo Busacca adjudged he had pulled Torres back and issued a red card and a penalty .
Villa stepped up to score from the spot and the three points were effectively Spain's .
The Ukraine battled on bravely with Andriy Voronin volleying just wide and substitute Serhiy Rebrov lashing their best chance of the game over the bar .
But the last word fell to Spain , with Carles Puyol starting off a fantastic move from his own half .
He carried on running and when the ball was played forward he headed into the path of Torres to drive home from the edge of the area .
It capped off a thoroughly impressive performance from a country who so often fail to deliver at the World Cup finals .
Spain : Casillas , Pernia , Puyol , Sergio Ramos , Pablo , Xavi , Alonso ( Albelda 55 ) , Senna , Luis Garcia ( Fabregas 77 ) , Villa ( Raul 55 ) , Torres .
Subs Not Used : Antonio Lopez , Canizares , Iniesta , Joaquin , Juanito , Marchena , Reina , Reyes , Salgado .
Goals : Alonso 13 , Villa 17 , 48 pen , Torres 81 .
Ukraine : Shovkovskiy , Nesmachniy , Yezerskiy , Rusol , Vashchuk , Tymoschuk , Gusev ( Shelayev 45 ) , Gusin ( Vorobey 45 ) , Rotan ( Rebrov 63 ) , Shevchenko , Voronin .
Subs Not Used : Byelik , Chigrynskiy , Kalinichenko , Milevskiy , Nazarenko , Pyatov , Shust , Sviderskiy , Yatsenko .
Sent Off : Vashchuk ( 47 ) .
Booked : Rusol , Yezerskiy .
Att : 43,000 .
Ref : Massimo Busacca ( Switzerland ) .
Fifa man of the match : Xavi .
TRIVIA
Ukraine 's 4 - 0 loss to Spain equalled their heaviest ever defeat .
Ukraine had lost by a four - goal margin only once before against Croatia in a European Championship qualifier on 25 March 1995 .
But this Group H match was not Spain 's biggest ever victory at the World Cup as they crushed Bulgaria 6 - 1 on 24 June 1998 .
The eclipse of Ukraine took Spain 's unbeaten run to 23 games , since their 1 - 0 loss to Portugal in Euro 2004 .
Spain are now also unbeaten in eight World Cup matches , winning five and drawing three .
They hold the longest current unbeaten streak with Brazil who also hold the all - time record of 13 between 1958 and 1966 .
Cesc Fabregas and Sergio Ramos became the two youngest ever Spanish players at the World Cup.
Fabregas ( 19 years , 41 days ) and Ramos ( 20 years and 76 days ) both broke the Spanish record .
The red card shown to Vladislav Vashchuk was the third of this tournament , and the first straight red .
The penalty scored by David Villa was the first spot - kick awarded during the 2006 World Cup .
It took 15 matches before the first penalty was given , and has only taken longer once previously in 1974 , when Johan Neeskens converted the first spot - kick during the 21st match .
By Finlo Rohrer
BBC News Magazine
As the US TV drama Mad Men returns to British screens , viewers are steeling themselves for a series in which the narrative is often overtaken by the sheer style of the show .
What is it about the look of early 1960s Manhattan that is so appealing ?
The 60s were cool .
No , not the flower power , tie - dye , beads in your hair end of the decade , but the beginning of the 60s , when people worked in stark , smooth modern offices , and wore sharper clothes .
Or so Mad Men would have you believe .
Enlarge Image
Since the show was first shown on the American cable network AMC in the summer of 2007 , it has caused a flutter among style aficionados on both sides of the Atlantic .
And although this tale of hotshot Madison - the " mad " in Mad Men - Avenue advertising execs in 1960s Manhattan has only been watched by a small proportion of the possible primetime audiences in the US and UK , it seems also to have sent ripples through the world of fashion .
But what 's so noteworthy about the look of Mad Men ?
THE MEN'S SUITS
If there is a spiritual predecessor to Mad Men , it surely comes in the form of Hitchcock 's North by Northwest , released at the tail end of 1959 .
The protagonist is also a Manhattan adman , Roger Thornhill , but his suit features in so much of the film it nearly qualifies for a nomination for best supporting actor .
Slate grey with a slender , but not skinny , slate grey tie , the suit has thin lapels and is fitted .
Click here for style notes
It 's not dissimilar to the suits worn by Don Draper , the complex and brooding chief Mad Man in Mad Men .
As well as the slender ties and the tailored but not tight suits , there are handkerchiefs folded into pocket squares , trousers worn high , collar pins , and unusual fabric patterns like windowpane - a wide check - materials like mohair and colours not seen as often in the modern palette , such as petrol blue .
" In the 50s and 60s men became body conscious , wearing suits showed off your figure , " says Jeremy Langmead , editor of Esquire .
" The advertising industry really blossomed .
That is why they looked good .
They were selling a dream so they had to look as though they were part of that dream . "
In today 's slightly scruffier office environment , where smart and even semi-smart office attire faces a constant war of attrition , there are many who are pleased to see a harking back to a more formal era .
" We have all got scruffier and dressed down over recent years , " says Langmead .
Suddenly seeing a TV series where everybody is smart is a reminder of how good we do look in a suit .
There is a return to it .
The power of what a suit can do for you .
Smarter , healthier , younger . "
Skinny ties were in for the last few years
In the current straitened times , people in fear of redundancy may be consciously dressing smarter to help them in their battle to avoid the axe , says Langmead .
And having just been to the latest round of fashion shows , he says the Mad Men 's influence can be seen in the domination of the suit .
But more significant is the influence at the other end of the market , where High Street and Main Street traders brand their suiting as " Mad Men " .
" It has obviously had a big influence and permeated from the top to the bottom . "
THE WOMEN'S FASHION
Then of course there 's the extraordinary outfits some of the women are wearing in Mad Men .
There are two competing female style icons in the show .
At one extreme there is Joan Holloway , the scheming , Machiavellian alpha female of the office , dressed in figure - hugging dresses that even Jayne Mansfield might feel were a little on the tight side .
Joan Holloway 's outfits and body shape are very much of the era
At the other end of the spectrum , there is Betty Draper , the protagonist 's troubled blonde wife , veering between hard - pressed mother and prom queen .
Holloway in particular , has generated acres of column and blog inches .
She is the antithesis of the size zero trend , a red- headed Amazon .
" There 's all that exaggerated femininity , " says Langmead .
" Most men really like that .
We have got her in the current issue because she 's the favourite woman in this office .
Not just because she is cocky and confident , but because she looks like a woman , confident in her curves . "
Apart from the super - glamorous Holloway , there 's a fair slice of how women dressed in 50s and 60s America .
There are pyramidal bras , puffed out dresses , and acres of bright lipstick .
THE DECOR
The look of the sets is dominated by the style known as mid-century modern , says Wallpaper * features director Nick Compton , with designer George Nelson being one of the dominant figures in the rendering of the period .
From the coloured glass ashtrays to the wacky cigarette dispensers and the gold - banded tumblers , it 's hard to spot anachronistic items in any shot .
" Every single thing in it has to be period correct , " says Amy Wells , set decorator on the show .
Along with production designer Dan Bishop , Ms Wells is responsible for the look of the sets .
" We were not trying to idealise the period in any way .
We did n't want it too clean , we did n't want it too stylised . "
While the office was super - modern and swish , the Draper home is a realistic slice of early 1960s well - to - do interior decor .
" These are people who live in Connecticut - upper middle class , Waspy , " says Ms Wells .
So one sees a colonial reproduction kitchen , a lavish living room and some items that are older than the period .
While the office is icily modern , the Drapers ' home is very different " People kept things much longer than they do now .
Every item in your house had a great value .
It was not easily replaced .
When I was growing up we had cupboards like that , linoleum floors . "
And the reason the look has been so much talked about is partly because interest in the design of the period has been intensifying in recent years , says Mr Compton .
" Over the last 10 years people have become more and more interested in that period .
Designers like Eames from that period have become pretty popular .
The show does it really well , it looks very convincing .
They get beyond the cocktails to the furniture " It is very clean and it is a rejection of everything too fancy and ornamental and stuffy . "
THE SMOKING AND DRINKING
Much comment has been passed on the smoking and drinking in the series .
The characters get up , they smoke , they finish breakfast , they smoke , they have a meeting , they smoke , they smoke in between mouthfuls of lunch .
They smoke a lot .
And when they 're not smoking , they 're usually lining up a whisky to go with their elevenses biccy .
The portrayal comes at a time when anti-smoking activists are starting to take a dim view of characters smoking in mainstream television drama .
But the realism is welcomed by Neil Rafferty , of smoking rights campaign group Forest .
" It looks really authentic - they have captured the look and the feel very well .
" Obviously , smoking , whether you like it or not was an absolutely integral part of life in the 1960s .
They smoked in offices , they smoked pretty much all day .
Television and film - makers should n't have to pretend life was different . "
It leaves the casual observer thinking that a lot of the appeal of the show is the naughtiness of the portrayal of the smoking and drinking , as well as the appalling sexual politics .
" A lot of men can't help but wish that today was n't a bit more like that time , " says Langmead .
" [ Even though ] we know it was wrong . "
1 . Collar bar holds points together and raises knot of tie 2 .
Handkerchief folded into pocket square 3 .
Coloured glass ashtray 4 .
Glass tumbler with gold band 5 .
Slender , but not always skinny , tie 6 .
Thin suit lapels 7 .
Trousers worn fairly high , suits very tailored
Return to story Mad Men is on BBC Four on Tuesday , 10 February at 2200 GMT Below is a selection of your comments .
I 've just recently started watching the show and find it to be a refreshing counterpoint to today 's sanitized television .
I love seeing a time period I remember fondly reproduced so well .
Jonathan , Edinburgh I work for a design agency .
Most days my boss looks like he 's just about to go surfing .
I have never seen either of our directors in anything even remotely resembling a suit .
I would n't mind looking smarter for work , it gives you more of a distinction between work clothes and casual .
Unfortunately it would look like I was going for an interview somewhere else if I turned up in a fancy dress and heels !
Philippa , London
Not sure if describing a picture of Joan Holloway smoking a fag as being cool is really responsible at the moment .
Alex , Dorset
The article says that " Mad Men " " has only been watched by a small proportion of the possible primetime audiences in the US and UK " .
In the case of the UK , perhaps it is because it has been tucked away on BBC4 ?
Given its critical acclaim and the popular interest in it , could it not be re-run on BBC1 or BBC2 ?
Sandra Manning , London
My husband and I have seen both series of Mad Men and are in love with the sets and period detail as much as the fantastic storylines .
We are in our mid-twenties but both feel we belong in fifties / sixties America , when style and good design went hand in hand .
We have always loved vintage clothing and love to decorate our house in a midcentury look .
I do n't think I would 've wanted to have lived in that era as I would not want to have to choose between being a bored Mrs Beaton housewife and being a secretary whose main function is not to work , but to provide eye candy for the bored , philandering husbands .
Really hoping there 'll be a third series .
Jodie , Maidstone Kent
It looks fabulous , but , I suspect rather more for the male of the species .
Anne Murphy , Durham Writing as someone who lived through the 1960s it was n't that marvellous a time for many .
The people who make these programmes seem to be locked into a nostalgic time warp .
Donal O'Brien , Guildford
This is all really just a restatement of 1986 when " Absolute Beginners " helped set off , and reflected a trendy craze for early - sixties looks and music in Britain .
Although the acting and plot in " Absolute Beginners " was ropey , I thought it evoked the period ( to different effect ) just as well as " Mad Men " and is a much - underrated film for that reason .
Dan Rubinstein , London I fail to see why this item is on the news page .
It certainly would not be on the BBC news page if it was an ITV show .
I wonder if ITV have this item on their news page ?
I think not because quite simply it 's not news , just the BBC shamelessly advertising it's own shows , mascarading as news .
The BBC did it with Strictly and now this .
The BBC really is going to the dogs nowadays .
Ben Swinnerton , Sheffield I also notice that they wear Rayon Socks or silk socks even to the office ( especially when they take their shoes off to see the boss ) .
Carl , Nottingham Joan Holloway can smoke all she wants - Responsible or not , that picture oozes cool .
Owen , Croydon
My late first husband was a print salesman in the sixties , dealing with various Ad Agencies in London - Mad Men bring it all back - it is true - what happens in the States , happens here later - all the smoking , drinking , etc etc - wives at home , expected to look good , but kept on the back - burner , with the children .
some of it was great fun - but not all of it - the men died too young - and women stayed in unhappy marriages too long .
Birdog , Isle of Wight Mad Men does an excellent job portraying the unhealthy , yet fashionable , habits of the 1960s , which so many of still engage in today in one form or another .
This show did more to get me off cigarettes than any corny non-smoking commercial or health class lecture .
We see the " cool " lifestyle of three - martini lunches and two - packs - a - day , but the writers inevitably follow up these scenes with consequences , whether it 's Roger 's heart attack or a room full of execs coughing in sync during a meeting with tobacco executives .
Karim Nathan , Boston , United States
I can remember a spell working in an ad agency in the mid 80's .
It was n't anywhere near as glam as mad men but all the senior staff wore double breasted suits , smoked all day and had decanters of spirits in their office .
A very different time .
Fraser , Glasgow I love this show so much and would n't miss an episode .
Apart from the amazing acting and the brilliant storylines , the look and feel of it takes me right back to my childhood in the 1960s .
OK so the smoking and drinking are considerably un -PC in the current climate , but the authenticity is what makes Mad Men such a bar - raiser in TV drama .
When US television gets it right there is no contest .
Ginger , Birmingham , UK " Mad Men " not only looks great but the dialogue is as sharp as the suits and the stiletto heels .
It is refreshing to watch intelligent drama that also looks good , and I think the smoking and drinking is an essential part of its faithful recreation of period detail .
In nearly every photo of my mum and dad ( both young in the late 60's ) they have either a cocktail glass and / or a cigarette .
I do n't think it appeals more to men than women , as a piece of excellent drama it is , I think , universal in its appeal , with the requisite ' eye candy ' for both sexes of course !
Liz Wallace , Cambridge
In response to Ben Swinnerton , I think as a society we should be prepared to review and look at the way we live , because essentially this not only defines us people , but also gives us a sense of direction i.e. where we are going ?
How we live also has quite a clear impact on what other countries think of us , I mean , it would be immoral of us invade say Iraq , when we ourselves are unjust and have no " sense " of " democracy " ?
We live in a world of public perception , would n't you agree ?
Adeeb Ashfaq , Bradford , United Kingdom
The series has been utterly brilliant .
As engrossing as Deadwood as far as characters go and the look and style is uber cool .
The anti Smoking brigade should know that the incessant smoking has actually put me off smoking rather than make it look cool .
I look at how much they smoke and retch , I think of how much the rooms must smell and how those super cool suits must smell .. awful .
I 'm really looking forward to this series and finding out how they 're lives change as the decade progresses .
Andy Ward , Brighton I LOVE Mad Mean and easily one of my all time favourite pieces of TVv .
The Style plays a massive part along with the amazing dialogue .
I 'm way to young to remember this time period but I have fallen in love with the look due to this show .
It 's nice to see the 60s painted as something other than flower power and hippies .
In response to Alex from Dorset I agree that smoking should not be portrayed as cool but if you watch the show it looks at the ignorance of smokers at that time towards health issues .
As for Ben from Sheffield .
This page is in the features part of the news page just like every other form of TV , radio and newspaper news coverage would contain .
News does n't always have to be aggressive .
Tommy Stoic , Glasgow
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
From time to time , I get dragged into the Mac OS X Console application .
Either it ’s because I ’m printing debugging output via NSLog and Xcode has suddenly stopped showing it in the “ Run ” window , or I ’ve just started seeing some wiggy stuff happen with my computer and I need to check under the hood .
What starts out as an innocent enough expedition often ends up with me scratching my head about something else I see in the Console log .
This is the festering trash heap where every programmer ’s worst “ it could n’t really happen ” nightmare output goes .
Well , there ’s also a lot of annoying “ forgot to remove the NSLog ” type innocuous output there , too .
But at any rate , I usually feel a little ashamed that I was n’t aware earlier that such and such app has been unable to open a window for the past 3 days .
I wish I could keep up with this stuff , but I do n’t want to be one of those nerds who leaves the Console window open all the time just waiting for junk to happen .
I want to live !
So I had an idea .
I ’ll track this junk the way I track all the other junk .
With NetNewsWire !
What is syndication for ?
It ’s for packaging data in a format conducive to my computer tracking changes in junk over time .
I want to “ subscribe ” to my Console log .
What I ’ve come up with is sort of an embarrassing hack , but it does kind of work :
But wait a minute .
If it ’s an embarrassing hack , then should n’t I keep my mouth shut ?
Why would I want to go spreading my half - assed solutions across the Internet ?
Is n’t that bad marketing ?
Yes , but I have ulterior motives :
I sort of want to show it off , anyway .
I need your help .
Yes , you !
I need your geeky , unixy , sysloggy help .
I ’ve got this fun little hack , which I ’m now prepared to let you download , because you ’ve read along so patiently .
What are you downloading ?
It ’s a small shell tool whose only purpose is to translate your Console log into RSS format .
You get no options .
You just run it , and hope that you like what you see .
If you ’re using NetNewsWire , you can “ subscribe ” directly to the executable .
So just put the file somewhere on your disk , and then select “ New Special Subscription … ” from the File menu .
You have to tell NetNewsWire that it ’s a “ Script , ” and then you have to tell it that it ’s a “ Shell Script , ” even though it ’s a binary executable .
Now update and see your last 30 console “ chunks ” directly from NetNewsWire .
What ’s a chunk ?
Aha !
Yes , this is where you and the “ help ” thing come into play .
One of the problems with syndicating something large and unwieldy is figuring out how to glom together related items .
It would be overwhelming to the point of uselessness if every single line in the Console ended up as a separate feed item .
So I have to try to be clever .
What I ’m doing right now roughly follows this logic : starting at the end of the file , move up line by line , collecting lines into a “ chunk ” until a line “ looks like ” it belongs to a particular application .
Once a particular application is identified , keep moving up the file , until a line that does n’t identify an application , or that identifies a different application , appears .
Sounds complicated , huh ?
Yeah , well that was the easy part .
That works great when output looks like this :
See – that ’s the “ dream chunk . ”
It is so easy to parse .
I could even turn the timestamp into a feed item timestamp .
It ’s just to beautiful .
Then you run into examples like these ( grouped together for convenience of presentation ) :
Bad boys like this pop up all the time .
Is n’t somebody in charge here ?
Argh – different application services are allowing logging to happen that follows different or no conventions .
So my happy little “ chunk things together ” strategy starts to fall apart .
So I drop this funny little hack in your lap in the hopes that you ’ll be inspired to try it out , and if you ’re just the kind of thing who enjoys this kind of analysis , you ’ll help me come up with a systematic approach for “ chunking ” the Console log .
The real problems are when there ’s some really well - defined line like the Xcode examples given above , followed by a dozen lines of output that were spewed by that program ’s last “ well - defined ” timestamped log -point .
I suppose I could compromise and just say “ all unidentifiable stuff ” goes into a chunk of its own .
Then you ’d end up with random spewage orphaned from its owner , but it would still be temporally near and therefore show up contiguously in the feed .
A new logic for the tool might be :
Look at this line , does it “ look like it starts with a date ” and “ have a decimal number in square brackets ” ?
If so , try to find lines above it with the same number in the square brackets .
Put all of these lines into a feed item with a date of the bottom - most line .
Look at this line , does it look unidentifiable ?
If so , group it with unidentifiable lines above it until I regain sanity .
For consistency , give this feed item the same date as either the chunk below or the chunk above .
I ’d be particularly curious to hear the opinions of anybody who ’s done this kind of log file parsing before .
Heck , one of you is probably going to post a link to something that already does exactly this .
That would be beautiful !
I ’m looking forward to hearing your thoughts .
