What happened
The Senate overcame Republican objections to clear a $ 1 billion “ cash for clunkers ” program , attached to a $ 106 billion supplemental war - funding bill .
The House already passed the “ clunker ” provision , and President Obama is expected to sign it .
The program offers vouchers of $ 3,500 or $ 4,500 to people who trade in gas - guzzling post - 1984 vehicles for new , more fuel efficient models .
( USA Today )
What the commentators said
Why would the GOP , or anyone , oppose a program that will “ boost the economy while protecting the environment ” ?
said Ashley Rindsberg in The Huffington Post .
Really , it ’s a “ win- win - win ” — the bleeding U.S. auto sector sells up to 1.5 million more new cars , Congress gets a “ substantive and political win , ” and Americans get help replacing their “ old , gas - guzzling , polar bear–killing ‘ clunker ’ . ”
That 's great , if you can afford a new car , said The Seattle Times in an editorial .
But the vouchers wo n’t help the poor , who are more likely to buy a better used car .
The program also is skewed to reward “ extreme gas guzzler ” owners over Prius drivers , and there ’s no rule , or guarantee , that the vouchers will even be used to buy American cars .
Besides , $ 4,500 will cover little more than the down payment on a $ 27,800 car , the average price for a new vehicle , said Carlos Lam in Seeking Alpha .
People will have to borrow the rest .
It ’s “ foolishness ” for the government to be tempting consumers to take on new debt , when too much debt is why we ’re in hot water in the first place .
Posted on July 1 , 2009
CBS , Helen Thomas Challenge Gibbs On " Controlled " Town Hall Meeting
CBS ' Chip Reid and Helen Thomas double teamed Robert Gibbs today at the daily press briefing on the " tightly controlled " town hall meeting President Obama will hold on health care .
Gibbs kept saying lets have this discussion AFTER the meeting .
Helen Thomas accused the White House of " controlling the press . "
She said almost all White House / Obama events are " prepackaged . "
She accused the White House of not " having any answers . "
Real Clear Politics Video now has comments .
Click the " Comments " link below or click here to comment on this article .
Overview
Ruptured eardrum
Open pop -up dialog box Close Ruptured eardrum Ruptured eardrum A ruptured ( perforated ) eardrum prevents the proper transmission of sound waves to the middle ear and leaves the middle ear vulnerable to infectious agents , water and other foreign substances .
A ruptured eardrum ( tympanic membrane perforation ) is a hole or tear in the thin tissue that separates your ear canal from your middle ear ( eardrum ) .
A ruptured eardrum can result in hearing loss .
It can also make your middle ear vulnerable to infections .
A ruptured eardrum usually heals within a few weeks without treatment .
But sometimes it requires a patch or surgical repair to heal .
Products & Services Book : Mayo Clinic on Better Hearing and Balance
Symptoms
Signs and symptoms of a ruptured eardrum may include :
Ear pain that may subside quickly
Mucuslike , pus- filled or bloody drainage from your ear
Hearing loss
Ringing in your ear ( tinnitus )
Spinning sensation ( vertigo )
Nausea or vomiting that can result from vertigo
When to see a doctor
Call your doctor if you experience signs or symptoms of a ruptured eardrum .
Your middle and inner ears are made up of delicate structures that are sensitive to injury or disease .
It is important to try to figure out the cause of your ear symptoms and determine whether a ruptured eardrum has occurred .
Causes
Middle ear Open pop -up dialog box Close Middle ear Middle ear
The middle ear includes three small bones — the hammer ( malleus ) , anvil ( incus ) and stirrup ( stapes ) .
The middle ear is separated from your external ear by the eardrum and connected to the back of your nose and throat by a narrow passageway called the eustachian tube .
The cochlea , a snail - shaped structure , is part of your inner ear .
Causes of a ruptured ( perforated ) eardrum may include :
Middle ear infection ( otitis media ) .
A middle ear infection often results in the accumulation of fluids in your middle ear .
Pressure from these fluids can cause the eardrum to rupture .
A middle ear infection often results in the accumulation of fluids in your middle ear .
Pressure from these fluids can cause the eardrum to rupture .
Barotrauma .
Barotrauma is stress exerted on your eardrum when the air pressure in your middle ear and the air pressure in the environment are out of balance .
If the pressure is severe , your eardrum can rupture .
Barotrauma is most often caused by air pressure changes associated with air travel .
Other events that can cause sudden changes in pressure — and possibly a ruptured eardrum — include scuba diving and a direct blow to the ear , such as the impact of an automobile air bag .
Loud sounds or blasts ( acoustic trauma ) .
A loud sound or blast , as from an explosion or gunshot — essentially an overpowering sound wave — can rarely cause a tear in your eardrum .
A loud sound or blast , as from an explosion or gunshot — essentially an overpowering sound wave — can rarely cause a tear in your eardrum .
Foreign objects in your ear .
Small objects , such as a cotton swab or hairpin , can puncture or tear the eardrum .
Small objects , such as a cotton swab or hairpin , can puncture or tear the eardrum .
Severe head trauma .
Severe injury , such as a skull base fracture , may cause the dislocation of or damage to middle and inner ear structures , including your eardrum .
Complications
Your eardrum ( tympanic membrane ) has two primary roles :
Hearing .
When sound waves strike it , your eardrum vibrates — the first step by which structures of your middle and inner ears translate sound waves into nerve impulses .
When sound waves strike it , your eardrum vibrates — the first step by which structures of your middle and inner ears translate sound waves into nerve impulses .
Protection .
Your eardrum also acts as a barrier , protecting your middle ear from water , bacteria and other foreign substances .
If your eardrum ruptures , uncommon problems can occur , especially if it fails to self - heal after three to six months .
Possible complications include :
Hearing loss .
Usually , hearing loss is temporary , lasting only until the tear or hole in your eardrum has healed .
The size and location of the tear can affect the degree of hearing loss .
Usually , hearing loss is temporary , lasting only until the tear or hole in your eardrum has healed .
The size and location of the tear can affect the degree of hearing loss .
Middle ear infection ( otitis media ) .
A ruptured ( perforated ) eardrum can allow bacteria to enter the ear .
If a perforated eardrum does n't heal , a small number of people may be vulnerable to ongoing ( recurrent or chronic ) infections .
In this small group , chronic drainage and hearing loss can occur .
A ruptured ( perforated ) eardrum can allow bacteria to enter the ear .
If a perforated eardrum does n't heal , a small number of people may be vulnerable to ongoing ( recurrent or chronic ) infections .
In this small group , chronic drainage and hearing loss can occur .
Middle ear cyst ( cholesteatoma ) .
Although very rare , this cyst , which is composed of skin cells and other debris , can develop in your middle ear as a long - term result of eardrum rupture .
Ear canal debris normally travels to your outer ear with the help of ear - protecting earwax .
If your eardrum is ruptured , the skin debris can pass into your middle ear and form a cyst .
A cyst in your middle ear provides a friendly environment for bacteria and contains proteins that can damage the bones of your middle ear .
Prevention
Follow these tips to avoid a ruptured ( perforated ) eardrum :
Much anticipated Capcom title Dead Rising 2 will now not be shown at this year 's E3 thanks to a Swine Flu outbreak in Osaka , Japan , Capcom told Kotaku .
Advertisement
" Our Capcom guys are not coming to E3 because of the Japanese government restrictions , " said Capcom 's Chris Kramer , Senior Director , Communications and Community .
" The company is taking the advisory very seriously . "
Japan currently advises its citizens to restrict international travel , but people can still travel if they want to .
The government there reported Tuesday that they 've had 191 confirmed cases of Swine Flu , more than in any other country other than the US , Mexico and Canada .
Advertisement
Kramer said the company , which is headquartered in Osaka , laid in a supply of surgical masks and hand sanitizers a month or so ago , to try and cut down on possible illness in the company .
The country has closed more than 4,400 schools , colleges and kindergartens for the week .
The first case of the flu in the country was reported in Osaka .
While Dead Rising 2 will no longer be at the show , all of Capcom 's other expected video games will be there , Kramer said .
The decision to not show Dead Rising 2 was driven by the fact that Capcom 's Keiji Inafune and other developers based in Japan will not be making the trip .
While Canadian - based Blue Castle is developing Dead Rising 2 , Inafune is the executive producer and keeps a close eye on the game 's development .
" Dead Rising 2 is the only game we wo n't be able to showcase at E3 , because it's at an early stage of development and the team is not comfortable having anyone else demo the code , " Kramer said .
Advertisement
We are reaching out to other Japan - based developers to see if anyone else has decided to cancel their E3 showings , but we understand Capcom is the only developer taking that step .
( Fortune Magazine ) -- Normally Paul Krugman , the liberal pundit and Nobel laureate in economics , and Paul Ryan , a conservative Republican congressman from Wisconsin , share little in common except their first names and a scorching passion for views they champion from opposite political poles .
So when the two combatants agree on a fundamental threat to the U.S. economy , Americans should heed this alarm as the real thing .
What 's worrying both Krugman and Ryan is the rapid increase in the federal debt - not so much the stimulus - driven rise to mountainous levels in the next few years , but the huge structural deficits that , under all projections , keep building the burden far into the future to unsustainable , ruinous heights .
" The long - term outlook remains worrying , " warned Krugman in his New York Times column .
Krugman strongly supports President Obama 's spending plans but bemoans the shortfall in taxes to pay for them .
Ryan flays the administration for piling new spending on top of already enormous deficits .
" This is n't a temporary stimulus but a ramp - up in debt followed by a greater explosion in spending and debt , " he told Fortune , predicting a day when America 's creditors will start viewing the U.S. Treasury as a risky bet .
" The bond markets will come after us with a vengeance .
We 're playing with fire . "
Krugman favors far higher taxes , while Ryan wants to curb spending , but for now what 's so big and so dangerous that it distresses such diverse types as Krugman and Ryan - and should scare all Americans - is the Great Debt Threat .
The bill is far too big for only the rich to pick up .
There are n't enough of them .
America will have to lean on citizens far below the $ 250,000 income threshold : nurses , electricians , secretaries , and factory workers .
Within a decade the average household that pays income tax will owe the equivalent of $ 155,000 in federal debt , about $ 90,000 more than last year .
What the Obama administration is n't telling Americans is that the only practical solution is a giant tax increase aimed squarely at the middle class .
The alternative , big cuts in spending , are n't part of the President 's agenda .
To keep the debt from wrecking the economy , the U.S. would need to raise annual federal income taxes an average of $ 11,000 in 2019 for all families that pay them , an increase of about 55 % .
" The revenues needed are far too big to raise from high earners , " says Alan Auerbach , an economist at the University of California at Berkeley .
" The government will have to go where the money is , to the middle class . "
The most likely levy : a European - style value - added tax ( VAT ) that would substantially raise the price of everything from autos to restaurant meals .
The growing debt will burden Americans not just with heavier taxes but also with higher interest rates and slower economic growth .
On June 3 , Fed chairman Ben Bernanke warned Congress that heavy borrowing is one of the factors driving up rates .
The trend is just beginning , according to Allan Meltzer , the distinguished monetarist at Carnegie Mellon .
" Rates can only stay low if foreign investors keep buying our debt , " he warns .
" I predict far higher rates over the next few years . "
The risk that the U.S. will follow Britain , which was warned recently that it could lose its triple - A bond rating , has risen from virtually nil to a real possibility , judging by the sevenfold jump in the cost of insuring Treasury debt in the past year .
The big borrowing is already spooking the bond markets .
This year rates on 10 - year Treasuries have jumped from 2.2 % to 3.7 % .
A further increase in rates would aggravate the situation , raising the interest costs on the debt and increasing its size even more .
As Krugman and Ryan point out , the problem is n't so much the big budget gaps for this year and next , though their scale is shocking .
It 's the policies that will allow the trend to become far worse in the future .
After the stimulus spending winds down and the economy recovers , our spending will still far exceed our revenues .
In 2009 the U.S. will post a deficit of $ 1.8 trillion , or 13.1 % of GDP , according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office , twice the post - World War II record of 6 % in 1983 under Ronald Reagan .
Now let 's look forward to 2019 , the final year for the budget projections for the administration and the CBO .
Even in a scenario that assumes healthy economic growth , the CBO puts the 2019 deficit at $ 1.2 trillion , or 5.7 % of GDP .
" That would n't be a huge number for an economic downturn , but it 's extremely high in a full - employment period , " says William Gale , an economist at the centrist Brookings Institution .
It gets worse from there .
Around 2020 the cost of the big entitlements , Social Security and Medicare , soar as the peak wave of baby boomers retire .
It can't go on forever , and it wo n't .
What will shock America into action is the prospect of fiscal collapse , which will grow more vivid each year .
In 2008 federal borrowing accounted for 41 % of GDP , about the postwar average .
By 2019 the burden will double to 82 % by the CBO 's reckoning , reaching $ 17.3 trillion , nearly triple last year 's level .
By that point $ 1 of every six the U.S. spends will go to interest , compared with one in 12 last year .
The U.S. trajectory points to the area that medieval maps labeled " Here Lie Dragons . "
After 2019 the debt rises with no ceiling in sight , according to all major forecasts , driven by the growth of interest and entitlements .
The Government Accountability Office estimates that if current policies continue , interest will absorb 30 % of all revenues by 2040 and entitlements will consume the rest , leaving nothing for defense , education , or veterans ' benefits .
To understand why a massive tax increase , probably a VAT , is the mostly likely outcome , it 's crucial to look at what 's driving the long - term , widening gap between revenues and spending .
Put simply , spending is following a steep upward curve , while revenues are basically fixed as a portion of GDP .
Why ?
Because future spending is driven mostly by entitlements , which are programmed to rise far faster than national income , while revenues depend heavily on the personal income tax , which yields receipts that typically rise or fall with GDP .
Under George W. Bush , the U.S. experienced a prelude to the crisis before us : Spending rose rapidly , while revenues remained reasonably flat .
Bush created an expensive new entitlement , the Medicare drug benefit ( cost this year : $ 63 billion ) , and let spending on domestic programs from education to veterans ' benefits run wild .
Over seven years the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq added a total of some $ 900 billion to the budget .
All told , Bush raised spending from 18.5 % to 21 % of GDP , setting in motion a chronic budget gap by piling on new spending without paying for it .
Under Obama the Bush trend keeps going , but this time on steroids .
It 's important to see the Obama budget projections as two phases , the crisis period of astronomical spending in 2009 and 2010 , and the normal phase , from 2011 to 2019 .
Most of his stimulus and other big programs are designed to give the economy a jolt in 2009 and 2010 and then largely disappear or be offset by tax increases - at least that 's the plan .
Then the surge in outlays comes from two forces that would wreak budget havoc for any President : the relentless rise in entitlements and the surge in debt interest .
Making the challenge far greater : Obama 's budget is packed with a wish list of expensive new programs , led by a giant health - care - reform plan .
He promises to pay for them mainly with higher taxes .
But if extra revenues do n't materialize - and most that he 's proposed now look unlikely - will he abandon many of his cherished priorities or push them through without full funding , substantially deepening the debt crisis ?
The answer could determine how fast America reaches the hour of reckoning that could usher in a VAT .
Let 's divide Obama 's budget projections into the plausible , the impossible , and the questionable .
First , the plausible :
It 's optimistic but highly possible that spending on Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , and the Troubled Assets Relief Program ( TARP ) will fall from more than $ 500 billion this year to around $ 20 billion in 2010 , and keep declining from there .
It 's also plausible that the costs of the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq will fall to around $ 50 billion a year .
Now the practically impossible : Obama is using a timeworn gimmick by pledging that nonmilitary discretionary spending , outlays that require annual approval , will rise just 2.1 % a year from 2012 to 2019 .
It wo n't happen .
Obama is raising spending in this category , which includes education , health research , and homeland security , a generous 9 % in 2009 and 10 % in 2010 , excluding the stimulus outlays .
" It 's far more likely the category will match its historical growth rate of around 6.5 % a year , " says Brian Riedl , an economist with the conservative Heritage Foundation .
The GAO says it will rise with GDP , at well over 5 % .
Let 's examine one of the questionables .
Obama 's prize initiative - and by far his biggest - is his health - care plan .
In his 2010 budget request the President proposes a $ 635 billion " down payment " or " reserve fund " toward universal health coverage over ten years .
As the administration acknowledges , the $ 635 billion does n't come close to covering the full expense of the program .
Leonard Burman , chief of the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center , estimates the total cost at $ 1.5 trillion .
Obama plans to offset the down payment from two sources : from limiting deductions for high earners - still another hit to the over - $ 250,000 crowd - and from squeezing the balance from Medicare through curbing unnecessary hospital stays and ending a plan offering HMO services .
Once again , Obama will most likely lose a big part of the revenue he counted on .
The limitation on deductions is encountering what looks like fatal opposition in Congress .
Obama and his budget director , Peter Orszag , swear that the health - care plan will not worsen the deficit .
" We are committed to making sure that health - care reform is deficit neutral , " Orszag told Fortune .
The administration 's attachment to reform goes far beyond the campaign to provide universal care .
Orszag adds , correctly , that unbridled health - care costs , chiefly for Medicare , " are the most important driver of our long - term entitlement problem . "
Obama is also counting on massive investment in infrastructure to reduce medical costs by spreading electronic record keeping , promoting prevention and wellness , and conducting research to determine the most effective therapies .
It 's impossible to predict how much money those initiatives would actually save .
The administration is n't making a forecast .
Although a VAT seems inevitable , the administration is n't ready to get behind it .
" While we are open to ideas to finance health - care reform in a deficit - neutral way , " says Orszag , " the VAT is an idea popular with academics , but not one seriously considered by policymakers . "
The problem , however , is that the income tax simply wo n't do the job .
Closing the budget deficit in 2019 by taxing only people earning more than $ 250,000 would require lifting their federal marginal tax rates to around 60 % .
The budget already calls for them to pay , on average , $ 30,000 more a year than in 2008 , with the biggest hit falling on households with income above $ 500,000 .
Raising income taxes on all the Americans who pay them would n't work either .
It would require a 55 % increase per household , a political impossibility .
The one other major new revenue raiser on the table is a tax on employer - provided health care , but that would merely help pay for a new program to cover the uninsured , rather than closing the deficit .
A VAT , on the other hand , would tax such a giant pool of purchases that a relatively low rate of 10 % to 15 % could generate the revenues needed to pay for Obama 's agenda and balance the budget .
The VAT , which would be imposed like a federal sales tax , is paid along the chain of production by wholesalers and retailers .
The cost is passed to consumers in the form of higher prices .
For the Democrats , the problem with the VAT is that it falls heavily on the middle class and low earners , who use a far higher portion of their incomes to buy things than the rich do .
Some of the sting can be removed by exempting food and clothing from the VAT or sending rebates to lower - income households .
But the middle class would be a big target in any event .
" A lot more people will pay , " says Gale .
" We can not get there from here without a VAT . "
That brings us back to Krugman and Ryan .
Wonder of wonders , they agree again - this time that a VAT is coming .
Krugman likes the idea , though he says the middle class will pay more .
" There 's probably a value - added tax in our future , " he writes .
Ryan despises the VAT as the beginning of the end of the American empire .
" The VAT is definitely the trajectory Obama is putting us on , " he laments .
Ryan believes that the big growth in government in Europe came from the easy money it provided .
He makes a good point .
It 's not a destiny to be desired .
And when the two Pauls agree , you can bet it 's where things are headed .
Have you applied for a loan modification or refinancing under the Obama administration plan ?
Did you run into roadbloacks or were you able to get a lower monthly payment and avoid foreclosure ?
We want to hear your experiences .
E-mail your story to realstories@cnnmoney.com and you could be part of an upcoming article .
For the CNNMoney.com Comment Policy , click here .
Die religiöse Härte hinter dem Lächeln Twister ( Bettina Winsemann )
Familienministerin von der Leyen und ihre Verbindungen
Inkompetenz und starres Beharren auf dem eigenen Standpunkt ist nichts Neues bei Politikern , weshalb die Kritik an der Bundesfamilienministerin und ihren " Netzsperren gegen Kinderpornographie " bei vielen lediglich auf Irritation stößt .
Sollte dieser so viel Aufmerksamkeit geschenkt werden , wie es momentan der Fall ist ?
Wer sich einmal mit der Politik von der Leyens im allgemeinen beschäftigt , kommt zu dem Schluss , dass es mehr als wichtig ist , Frau von der Leyen nicht zu unterschätzen .
Hinter ihrem Lächeln verbirgt sich eine religiöse Härte , die gerade in ihrer Position strategisch eingesetzt wird .
Pädokriminelle
Einer der Begriffe , die Frau von der Leyen in ihren Reden und Interviews immer wieder benutzt , ist der Begriff " pädokriminell " .
Nun ist die Suchmaschine Google nicht das Maß aller Dinge , dennoch ist es interessant , einmal diesen Begriff nachzuschlagen .
Ca. 9.300 Ergebnisse werden von Google vermeldet , wenig , verglichen mit Begriffen wie " pädophil " ( 36.400 ) oder " Pädophilie " ( 87.400 ) .
Wer nach Fundstellen sucht , die nichts mit den Aussagen der Frau von der Leyen zu tun haben , findet wenig bis nichts Aussagekräftiges - der Begriff steht quasi " im Raum " und lässt eine Definition vermissen .
Dafür finden sich bei der Recherche oft genug Querverweise zum Münsteraner Kinderschutzverein " Carechild " .
Der Verein , dessen Mitglieder auch in den Heiseforen anzutreffen waren , machte vor allen Dingen durch Zwangsoutings von Betroffenen sexueller Gewalt und Verleumdungen von sich reden .
Im Sprachgebrauch der Kinderschutzhardliner fanden sich Vokabeln wie " pädokriminell " oder " pädoman " wieder - Eigenkreationen , die nach und nach Eingang in andere Kreise fanden .
Der Begriff an sich kann bereits als Kampfbegriff gesehen werden .
Zum einen findet sich hier eine Verquickung von sexueller Präferenz und Taten , die suggeriert , dass die Präferenz automatisch zur Tat führen muss .
Zum Vergleich : Wohl niemand würde einen Mann , der andere Männer vergewaltigt , als homokriminell bezeichnen .
Um jemanden zu beschreiben , der straffällig geworden ist , ist es aber nicht notwendig , seine sexuelle Präferenz in den Begriff des Kriminellen mit einzubeziehen .
Zum anderen wird hier erneut durch den Begriff allein dafür gesorgt , dass sexuelle Gewalt gegenüber Kindern automatisch mit Pädophilie gleichgesetzt wird .
Somit werden nicht nur Pädophile bereits verunglimpft , ohne dass sie sich etwas haben zu Schulden kommen lassen , es wird auch ausgeblendet , dass sexuelle Gewalt an Kindern aus den verschiedensten Gründen heraus entsteht .
Ein Beispiel dafür , wie dieser Kampfbegriff genutzt wird , zeigt sich am Beispiel Marc Dutroux .
Obgleich das abschließende Gutachten ihn keineswegs als pädophil ansah , sondern vielmehr von einem " gegenüber Gewalt empfindungslosen Psychopathen [ ausging ] , der aus Machtstreben und Geldgier gehandelt habe " , wird Dutroux gerade auch von den Hardlinern innerhalb der " Kinderschutzorganisationen " weiterhin als pädophil oder pädokriminell bezeichnet .
Gleichermaßen werden auch Väter , die ihre Kinder aus einem reinen Macht - bzw .
Erziehungsdenken heraus vergewaltigen , von derartigen Organisationen kurzerhand zu Pädophilen , was keiner wissenschaftlichen Untersuchung standhalten würde .
Eine andere Organisation , die sich diesen Begriff zu Eigen gemacht hat , ist " Innocence in Danger " .
Zahlenspielereien und Vetternwirtschaft
Stefan Niggemeier hat sich bereits ausführlich mit den Verwandschafts - und Bekanntschaftsverhältnissen in Bezug auf " Innocence in Danger " und Frau von der Leyen befasst , daher reicht es , dies nur kurz darzustellen .
Julia von Weiler , die Geschäftsführerin der deutschen Sektion von " Innocence in Danger " , hatte zusammen mit Jörg Ziercke , dem BKA - Präsidenten , ein Gesetz zur Sperrung von kinderpornographischen Seiten gefordert .
In einem Beitrag der " Welt " wird gemutmaßt , dass sie auch den direkten Kontakt mit der Familienministerin suchte und an deren Vorstoß nicht ganz unschuldig war .
Äußerst aktiv zeigte sich jedenfalls auch der neue Bundeswirtschaftsminister Karl - Theodor zu Guttenberg , dessen Ehefrau als Präsidentin von " Innocence in Danger " aktiv ist .
Keine Frage - sowohl für " Innocence in Danger " als auch den Bundeswirtschaftsminister stellen die " Netzsperren gegen Kinderpornographie " ein lohnendes Ziel dar , sind sie doch sowohl dafür geeignet , von den sonstigen wirtschaftlichen Problemen abzulenken , als auch weiterhin für eine gute Reputation von " Innocence in Danger " zu sorgen .
Dabei bedient sich " Innocence in Danger " der gleichen Zahlenspielereien wie Frau von der Leyen .
Hierbei ist auch die bei Odem.org akribisch aufgearbeitete Ähnlichkeit der Zahlen , mit denen sowohl Herr Ziercke und Frau von der Leyen als auch " Innocence in Danger " agieren , zu beachten .
Nicht nur werden Fantasiezahlen genannt , die oftmals von anderen Kinderschutzorganisationen übernommen werden , auch die Quellenangaben ( so vorhanden ) sind wenig aussagekräftig oder führen ins Leere .
Für solche Fantasiezahlen eignet sich natürlich die sexuelle Gewalt vorzüglich : im Zweifelsfall kann noch mit der Dunkelziffer argumentiert werden .
Die CDU - Bundestagsabgeordnete Ingo Wellenreuther ( die Red. hat den Namen richtig gestellt , danke an den Leser ! ) stellte hier einen neuen Rekord auf , indem sie von " weltweit 11 Millionen kinderpornographischer Bilder " sprach , die " im Internet im Umlauf [ seien , und ] mit denen jährlich ein Umsatz von fünf Milliarden Euro erzielt " werde .
Dahinter stünden 120.000 vergewaltigte Kinder .
Einen Beweis oder gar Quellen für diese Angaben bleiben die Protagonisten schuldig .
Einstiegsdrogen und Heilungen
Ähnlich gerne benutzt die Familienministerin die sogenannte " Einstiegsdrogen " - Argumentation :
Es wird immer mehr über kommerzielle Websites verbreitet .
Da werden Millionenbeträge verdient .
Pornographische Videos , auf denen Kinder gequält und gefoltert werden , werden allein in Deutschland bis zu 50.000 Mal im Monat heruntergeladen .
Die Bandbreite reicht vom Pädokriminellen bis zum User , der wahllos sucht und ignoriert , dass er sich gerade die Einstiegsdroge besorgt .
Eine solche Argumentation , die davon ausgeht , dass derjenige , der unvermutet auf Kinderpornographie stößt , schlagartig davon nicht nur angezogen wird , sondern auch den Wunsch nach " mehr " verspürt , somit also nach immer " härterer Kost " verlangt , wäre von einer Fachfrau nicht zu erwarten gewesen .
Ein Mediziner schrieb mir zu dieser Einstiegsdrogenthese :
Es ist milde gesagt erstaunlich , dass die Familienministerin als approbierte Ärztin solche Aussagen öffentlich vertritt .
Sie verwechselt hier ( bewusst ? ) eine Paraphile , also eine Störung der sexuellen Präferenz ( zu der auch Sadomasochismus , Voyeurismus , Nekophilie etc. zählt ) mit einer organischen oder psychischen Abhängigkeit , sprich Sucht .
Früher galt auch die Homosexualität als Paraphilie , also als krankhaftes , von der Norm abweichendes Sexualverhalten , bis sie zumindest in den westlichen Ländern weitestgehend gesellschaftlich akzeptiert und nicht mehr unter diesem Begriff geführt wurde .
Die Argumentation von Frau v.d.L würde daher analog bedeuten , dass junge Männer beim mehrmaligen Betrachen von nackten Männerbildern homosexuell werden würden [... ] - eine höchst fragwürdige
These , die wohl so nur noch in extremen religiösen Kreisen offen vertreten wird .
Wären kinderpornographische
Bilder tatsächlich eine Einstiegsdroge , so müssten sie sich , angesichts der Zahlen , die Frau von der Leyen und Co. kolportieren , nicht nur explosionsartig verbreiten , auch die Anzahl der Fälle von sexueller Gewalt müsste ansteigen , was jedoch seit 1997 nicht der Fall ist .
Unabhängig von dieser erneuten unbewiesenen Behauptung der Einstiegsdroge ist die dahinter liegende Überzeugung ein wenig mehr Recherche wert .
Wäre eine Paraphilie durch diverse äußere Einflüsse erst formbar , so wäre sie umgekehrt natürlich auch heilbar , wie im obigen Zitat schlüssig formuliert .
In Bezug auf Homosexualität finden sich solche Ideen zur " Heilung " nicht nur bei diversen christlichen Gruppierungen in den USA , auch in Deutschland äußern sich Kirchenmitglieder weiterhin öffentlich dahingehend , dass Homosexualität heilbar ist .
Interessant ist hierbei , wie die Rolle der Kirche ausgeblendet wird .
So wird in entsprechenden Studien davon gesprochen , dass Menschen nach der " Therapie der Homosexualität " in einer sexuell funktionierenden heterosexuellen Beziehung zufrieden seien .
Susgeklammert wird , dass oftmals die Schuldgefühle sowie die Unzufriedenheit ob der Homosexualität erst durch die Kirche entstanden sind .
Einfach ausgedrückt :
Wer mit der Ansicht , Homosexualität sei eine Sünde , aufwächst , wird selbstverständlich zufriedener sein , wenn es ihm gelingt , diese Sünde größtenteils " aufzugeben " , denn die durch die Sündenidee auferlegten Schuldgefühle sowie der Selbsthass werden , zumindest oberflächlich , so dezimiert ( die Studie hat weitaus stärkere Schwachstellen , die in der obigen Analyse offengelegt werden ) .
Diesen Zusammenhang zwischen Frau von der Leyens
These und religiösen Fundamentalisten wäre noch als bloßer Zufall oder als eine bemühte Verbindung anzusehen , wäre da nicht die Tatsache , dass auf dem Christival2008 , dessen Schirmherren die Bundesfamilienministerin war , nicht nur ein anberaumtes Seminar zu den Wegen aus der Homosexualität angeboten wurde ( später wurde seitens der Familienministerin verlautbart , dass das Seminar bereits seit Januar 2008 aus dem Programm genommen worden war ) , sondern auch äußerst fragwürdige Thesen in Bezug auf die Abtreibungsmöglichkeiten von vergewaltigten Frauen vertreten wurden .
Das Seminar über den sexuellen Missbrauch von Jungen wurde , was ebenfalls gerügt wurde , von der Vereinigung Wüstenstrom geleitet , welche die Meinung vertritt , dass Homosexualität " veränderbar " ist und mit entsprechenden Hardlinern aus den USA zusammenarbeitet , die sich für die weitere Kriminalisierung homosexueller Handlungen aussprechen .
Zwar ließ Frau von der Leyen mitteilen , dass es nicht Aufgabe der Bundesregierung sei , bei einer Veranstaltung wie dem Christival , " verschiedene Kleinangebote [...] im Einzelnen zu analysieren , welche Aspekte dort wie auch immer vertreten werden " , doch stellt sich die Frage , ob hier nicht die Außenwirkung , die eine Schirmherrschaft der Familienministerin mit sich bringt , einfach beiseite geschoben wird .
Wenn innerhalb eines christlichen Festivals die " Therapie der Homosexualität " beworben wird und die Familienministerin dieses Festival bejaht , so entsteht der Eindruck , dass hier sehr wohl auch eine Zustimmung zu den umstrittenen Thesen besteht .
Und dass Frau von der Leyen die Sorgen und Probleme Homosexueller nicht wirklich versteht , ist kein Geheimnis :
Offenbar wird vielen Jugendlichen , die ihre homosexuelle Orientierung entdecken , immer noch das Leben zur Hölle gemacht .
Die Bundesregierung musste auf eine Anfrage der Grünen einräumen , dass homosexuelle Jugendliche auch heute noch ein viermal höheres Suizidrisiko haben als heterosexuelle .
Im gleichen Atemzug verkündete die schwarz - rote Bundesregierung , eine vom Bundestag 2005 geforderte Bestandsaufnahme zur Lebenssituation schwuler und lesbischer Jugendlicher nicht durchführen zu wollen .
" Eine solche Notwendigkeit wird nicht gesehen " , ließ Frau von der Leyen ausrichten .
Christliche Religion und Erziehung
Dieser Eindruck wird noch dadurch unterstützt , dass die Familienministerin seit ihrer Amtseinführung ihre Funktion als Erziehungsministerin für die Propagierung ihrer eigenen religiösen Werte missbraucht .
So blieben bei ihrem " Bündnis für Erziehung " zunächst diejenigen außen vor , die nicht der evangelischen oder katholischen Kirche angehörten .
Zwar , so Frau von der Leyen , sollte das Bündnis später durch andere Religionsgemeinschaften , Wohlfahrtsverbände und die Wirtschaft ergänzt werden , doch die Frage ist , inwiefern die Religion in einem Land , in dem von der Trennung von Kirche und Staat die Rede ist , überhaupt außerhalb des Privaten eine Rolle spielen sollte .
Ob Kinder im christlichen Glauben aufwachsen oder nicht , sollte Entscheidung der Eltern sein und bleiben .
Doch dass
Frau von der Leyen hier nicht neutral agiert , ist nicht verwunderlich .
Auf die Frage , welche Werte sie durch das " Bündnis für Erziehung " vermitteln will , antwortete sie :
Es sind die Werte , auf denen eigentlich unsere gesamte Kultur basiert , die christlichen Werte .
Man kann sie auch in ganz moderne Formen fassen : Das sind Dinge wie Aufrichtigkeit , Vertrauen , Verlässlichkeit , Rücksicht , Respekt , der Wert , dass jeder Mensch einzigartig ist .
Also zum Beispiel im Kindergarten , dass das kleine behinderte Kind , das nicht so gut malen oder basteln kann , einzigartig ist in seinen Fähigkeiten , das sind Dinge , die werden schon ganz früh im Kindesalter gelegt und da wollen wir heute mit den beiden großen Kirchen einen Auftakt starten .
Mit der christlich überzeugten Bundesfamilienministerin wird also das Christentum , noch stärker als vorher , schon möglichst vom Kindergarten an in die Familien getragen .
" Eltern suchen oftmals angemessene Antworten auf die Fragen der Kinder :
Wo komme ich her , wer bin ich , wo gehen Menschen nach dem Tode hin ?
Darauf kann nicht außerhalb eines religiösen Kontextes geantwortet werden " - so Frau von der Leyen , die damit mit der ihr eigenen Vehemenz Fragen nach Philosophie und Atheismus beiseite schiebt .
Zwar wurden Muslime und Angehörige des jüdischen Glaubens schnell noch eingeladen , dem Bündnis beizutreten , Konfessionslose haben jedoch keinen Platz , wenn es um Erziehung geht - jedenfalls nicht im Weltbild der Ursula von der Leyen .
Der geradezu fanatisch geführte Kampf gegen " Kinderpornographie im Internet " ist sicherlich für die Bundesfamilienministerin ideal , um sich zu profilieren , die Frage ist aber auch , inwiefern dies nicht nur eine " Einstiegsdroge " für sie ist , um sich , ganz im Sinne der " christlichen Werte " , auf Pornographie oder Nacktheiten im allgemeinen zu konzentrieren .
Und welchen Raum sie den neuen Formen des Zusammenlebens geben will , die sich von der traditionellen Familie unterscheiden .
Urteilt man nach dem , was bisher diesbezüglich zu finden ist , besteht die Gefahr , dass durch die Bundesfamilienministerin die Trennung zwischen Staat und Kirche weiter leiden wird und ein Rückschritt zu antiquierten Ansichten stattfindet .
( Twister ( Bettina Winsemann ) )
( CNN ) -- Jupiter is sporting a new scar after an unseen object hit the gaseous planet this week , NASA scientists say .
This NASA image shows a large impact near Jupiter 's southern pole .
An amateur astronomer in Australia noticed the new mark -- seen through telescopes as a dark spot -- on the planet early Monday and tipped off scientists at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory ( JPL ) in Pasadena , California , who then confirmed it was the result of a new impact , NASA said .
It 's not clear what the object was that crashed into Jupiter 's poisonous atmosphere .
Glenn Orton , a JPL scientist , told the magazine New Scientist that it could have been a block of ice from somewhere in Jupiter 's neighborhood , or a wandering comet that was too faint for astronomers to have detected before impact .
The object created a mark on Jupiter that has the about same diameter as Earth , though the object itself was probably only 50 to 100 miles across , said Anthony Wesley , the amateur astronomer who first noticed the scar .
The mystery object was likely moving at speeds of about 50 to 100 kilometers ( 31 to 62 miles ) per second when it struck near Jupiter 's south pole , Wesley told CNN .
" That generates an unbelievable amount of energy when it collides with pretty much anything , but especially with something the size of Jupiter , " he said .
It is only the second time scientists have been able to observe the results of such an impact on Jupiter .
The first happened 15 years ago , when comet Shoemaker - Levy 9 broke into 21 pieces and hit the planet 's atmosphere .
" Given the rarity of these events , it 's extremely exciting to be involved in these observations , " JPL astronomer Leigh Fletcher said in a NASA interview .
Thermal images taken by NASA show the scar as a bright spot , which means the crash warmed the lower atmosphere in that area , New Scientist said .
Researchers also found hints of higher - than - normal amounts of ammonia in the upper atmosphere .
The Shoemaker - Levy comet also churned up extra ammonia , the magazine said .
Jupiter 's new spot is n't likely to last long -- probably just one to two weeks , Wesley said .
He pointed out the impact scars from the Shoemaker - Levy debris lasted only two to three weeks before disappearing .
Seeing an Earth - sized spot appear so tiny on Jupiter 's surface led to some to wonder Tuesday whether our planet might be in danger of a similar collision .
But Wesley said that should n't be a concern because Jupiter functions almost like a celestial vacuum cleaner , sucking up any objects that would be of danger to Earth and its neighbors .
" Jupiter is doing a very good job in scooping up a lot of this material that 's still floating around in the solar system , " he said .
" It 's just got so much gravity as it swings around the outer part of the solar system , it can really pull in and swallow up many of the cometary objects and debris left over from the formation of the solar system .
" So it 's doing a good job in keeping us safe by cleaning out a lot of these bits and pieces . "
Jupiter is the fifth planet from the sun and the largest in our solar system .
Its colorful atmosphere is 86 percent hydrogen and 14 percent helium , with tiny amounts of methane , ammonia , phosphine , water , acetylene , ethane , germanium , and carbon monoxide .
The chemicals are responsible for producing the different colors of Jupiter 's clouds .
The temperature at the top of those clouds is about 230 degrees below zero Fahrenheit ( 145 degrees below zero Celsius ) , but it is far hotter near the planet 's center .
The core temperature may be about 43,000 degrees Fahrenheit ( 24,000 degrees Celsius ) , hotter than the surface of the sun .
The most outstanding feature on Jupiter 's surface is the Great Red Spot , a storm of gas that swirls at a speed of about 225 miles ( 360 kilometers ) per hour at its edge .
The spot -- which has been shrinking -- has a diameter equal to about three times that of Earth .
Scenes From the DC Tea Party : More Photos !
Created : April 15 , 2009 15:26 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Here ’s a supplement to Aaron ’s great photo spread from this afternoon ’s rally .
Image has not been found .
URL : http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3568/3445535150_425bec3721.jpg?v=0
Remember : Fox News reported on these rallies .
It did n’t promote them !
Image has not been found .
URL : http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3592/3444719373_ef57f6ec67.jpg?v=0
This was a popular theme , along with references to images of President Obama ’s bow to the King of Saudi Arabia .
Image has not been found .
URL : http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3579/3444717235_08c5f334d9.jpg?v=0
Another talk radio trope that made many appearances .
Image has not been found .
URL : http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3602/3444721125_8cb1952500.jpg?v=0
For some reason this woman brushed off reporters and photographers , which means we may never learn where the president was really born .
Image has not been found .
URL : http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3347/3445538352_2bb7f9dc12.jpg?v=0
Lots of kids handled signs , although the best use of the young was :
Image has not been found .
URL : http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3549/3444749823_1fe320ff15.jpg?v=0
Clarissa Knox , and her as - yet - unborn baby .
Image has not been found .
URL : http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3302/3445548124_013a285c93.jpg?v=0
This grassroots protest mysteriously attracted a number of conservative pundits .
Here ’s Steve Moore , a Wall Street Journal op - ed page editor who appears on CNBC and Fox .
Image has not been found .
URL : http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3311/3445564410_b682f5c144.jpg?v=0
Radio host and Fox News pundit Laura Ingraham , who at one point drew a bigger crowd than the speakers on the stage at the other side of the park .
Image has not been found .
URL : http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3637/3445562806_e944318679.jpg?v=0
One of Fox ’s frequent business commentators .
Image has not been found .
URL : http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3405/3444728975_a33c6e3958.jpg?v=0
Griff Jenkins does interviews for Fox News , which did not promote these protests .
Image has not been found .
URL : http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3568/3445544902_bdb81c7355.jpg?v=0
Did you know “ Obama ” rhymes with the first name of the 9/11 mastermind ?
It ’s true !
Image has not been found .
URL : http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3324/3444743063_94ee4f1d08.jpg?v=0
A surprisingly rare teabag sighting .
Image has not been found .
URL : http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3650/3445558582_2623f2ab4c.jpg?v=0
Godwin in full effect .
Image has not been found .
URL : http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3332/3445556284_a96a15befa.jpg?v=0
Some promotion for Sen. Arlen Specter ’s ( R - Pa. ) primary opponent .
Image has not been found .
URL : http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3348/3445554890_bc7604d5c9.jpg?v=0
Some New Deal revisionism .
Image has not been found .
URL : http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3404/3445554134_52157a0dca.jpg?v=0
Her tax dollars pay for illegal immigration .
Image has not been found .
URL : http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3310/3444736449_a55b5c6067.jpg?v=0
A nice combo of Birtherism and “ In Living Color ” references .
Image has not been found .
URL : http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3345/3444731695_bd3ec79b6b.jpg?v=0
And we close with Ayn Rand .
–
Follow TWI ’s Tea Party coverage on Twitter .
The Ford Mustang Mach 1 was a legendary performance version of the Ford Mustang that was produced between 1969 and 1979 .
It had a great niche market , sitting a step below the storied Shelby muscle car , and was a more affordable option for a high - performance Mustang .
In 2003 and 2004 the Mach1 made a short lived return in a limited production run .
Now , there are rumors that it might possibly make a long sought after return in 2011 .
Edmundo Cano , from the auto specialist magazine Pan American Automobile , has created a fantastic set of renderings to showcase his vision of what the Mach 1 will look like when it hopefully re-enters the Mustang line - up .
2011 looks like a possibility for the return of the Mach 1 , especially since Ford is working on an all - new , 5.0 - liter double - overhead cam V8 engine .
It has the codename of “ Coyote ” and is expected to deliver at least 400 horsepower along with 400 lb- ft of torque .
With this engine setup , a Ford Mustang Mach 1 would be able to compete directly with the Camaro SS ( 402 hp ) and Dodge Challenger SRT8 ( 425 hp ) .
Currently , the Ford Mustang GT has only 320 hp making it fall pretty short .
And at the top end , the Ford Mustang Shelby ’s 500 hp puts it in a different category entirely .
The artist from Mexico draws on past model features and attributes to present a vision that looks pretty plausable as well as impressive .
The car is painted in Hugger Orange with a nice black matte paint job running down the middle of the hood .
The instantly disguisable air shaker up front has pretty much been a staple of all Mach 1 vehicles .
As a retro tribute , there are gills in the rear windows and throwback 5 - arm 20 inch wheels .
We really hope that Ford takes notice of Edmundo Cano ’s designs and throws a Mustang Mach 1 into the mix for 2011 .
Source : Pan American Magazine
It ’s all too easy to get stuck in a routine , walking through the city on autopilot without even noticing what ’s around you .
Urban guerrilla street artists seek to shake things up , force you to take a second look , change your preconceptions about your everyday surroundings .
These ten artists use the streets as an untapped setting for personal artwork , call attention to social issues and question what kind of behavior is ‘ appropriate ’ in elevators , subways and retail stores .
Street Art That Makes You Look Twice by Mark Jenkins
( images via : xmarkjenkinsx )
Ducks made of packing tape , floating in a puddle .
A man seemingly putting his head through a concrete wall .
The startling contrast of cheerful balloons tied to what looks like a dead body .
These are all among the creative urban art installations that come from the mind of street artist Mark Jenkins , who treats public space like one big blank canvas .
Jenkins told art critic Brian Sherwin , “ There is opposition , and risk , but I think that just shows that street art is the sort of frontier where the leading edge really does have to chew through the ice .
And it ’s good for people to remember public space is a battleground , with the government , advertisers and artists all mixing and mashing , and even now the strange cross-pollination taking place as street artists sometimes become brands , and brands camouflaging as street art creating complex hybrids or impersonators . ”
Curbside Cabinet Trojan Horse
It seemed like an especially lucky curbside find : a nice , modern , brand - new cabinet left on the sidewalk for somebody to claim and take home .
But , it was n’t any ordinary cabinet .
Artist Lucas Murgida hid inside and waited until he was taken to a private space to emerge .
Of the project , Murgida said , “ Often the city seems to be ours alone to experience and we assume that it is in turn ours for the taking .
This sensibility is made evident in the U.S. by the often - quoted phrase , ‘ Possession is 9/10 of the law . ’
This means that the person who is not in possession of an item must prove that it is rightfully theirs …
A person is not sure how to look at the object at first , but will usually fall back on the golden rule of U.S. culture ( finders keepers , losers weepers ) and claim it to be theirs .
I am hoping to subvert the ‘ finder ’s ’ personal space by claiming it to be my own public space . ”
Subtle Yet Subersive Art Interventions by SpY
Spanish artist SpY subtly alters ordinary objects in urban environments , sometimes to make a statement and sometimes just for the fun of it .
He describes his work as a “ playful reappropriation of urban elements ” , replicating them or transforming them in his studio and then installing them in the streets .
He seeks to break through the automated monotony of everyday urban life and get people to notice things as if for the first time .
An Army of Fake Best Buy Employees
Best Buy from ImprovEverywhere on Vimeo .
It was a fairly simple experiment : inserting dozens of people dressed like employees into a Manhattan Best Buy to see what would happen .
The group Improv Everywhere gathered volunteers together , asked them to wear khakis and a very specific shade of blue polo shirt , and smuggled cameras inside the store to film the reaction .
The ‘ agents ’ simply spread out in the store and stood around .
If customers asked them a question , they answered as best they could .
If employees asked what they were doing , they replied , “ I ’m waiting on a friend . ”
As expected , the real Best Buy employees were confused at first … but then they became frightened .
Convinced that the prank was some kind of elaborate heist , one frantic employee began shrieking “ Thomas Crown Affair !
Thomas Crown Affair ! ”
Their hidden camera rig was discovered and the security guard called 911 .
All because a group of people were wearing blue polo shirts and khakis .
Subway Swing Disguised as a Bag
Paranoia reigns on New York City subways , but one artist wanted to bring back fun , innocence and laughter .
So , flouting the “ if you see something , say something ” dictate of the Transportation Authority , she created a swing disguised as a bag that can be hooked around the handrail .
“ I hope that the innocent amusement of swinging on the subway eclipses the atmosphere of suspicion and insulation that random searches ( and the motto “ if you see something say something ” ) produces .
May playful engagement in public space provide a plausible alternative to the monotony of routine ! ”
Trash : Any Color You Like
Neon pink with white polka dots certainly help trash bags stand out from their surroundings , highlighting just how many of them there really are in an urban environment .
It also provides a pop of bright , fun color in what can otherwise be a dreary cityscape .
New York - based artist Adrian Kondratowicz has distributed these biodegradable bags around New York City and in several countries around the world , hoping to raise environmental awareness and beautify urban spaces at the same time .
The Random Lift Button
Do you always need to know exactly where you ’re going ?
Sometimes , it ’s therapeutic to give into chaos and randomness .
Chris Speed of Arch - OS created the ‘ random lift button ’ so you can remove yourself from the system that has placed a premium on time and space , aimlessly wandering so as to enjoy a more complete experience .
Arch - OS explains , “ Lifts become a temporal slippage in the experience of a building as a whole , we skip space and avoid people , places and the opportunity to see the ‘ whole ’ .
Indeed corridors and stairwells are recognized as the most important social spaces within businesses and many more negotiations and affairs occur between office spaces than within them . ”
Trees Transformed into Giant Carrots
With the simple addition of ridged orange containers , six tall and thin trees in Portland were transformed instantly into carrots , luring passers - by to read the stickers – advertising a local farmer ’s market – and salivate over the thought of crisp , fresh produce .
This installation was a subtle advertisement , but also added a sense of whimsy to an otherwise unremarkable urban street .
Literal ‘ Street Art ’ by Roadsworth
The street itself is a blank canvas offering virtually unlimited opportunities for artistic expression , whether to communicate , beautify or engage .
Street artist Roadsworth takes full advantage of this space , and his work has evolved over the years from anti-car sentiments in his hometown of Montreal to fun , ironic and sometimes thought - provoking imagery .
FILEangels Deliver Kits for Traffic Jam Fun
When you ’re stuck in a traffic jam , you tend to sit around , bored and impatient , waiting for the chance to get out .
A Dutch group of architects called Artgineering does n’t see why we should n’t relax and have some fun while we ’re waiting .
The group had motorcycle - riding ‘ FILEangels ’ distribute ‘ FILEkits ’ ( file is Dutch for traffic jam ) containing items like a water pistol , a bible and a condom to bored motorists free of charge .
The idea was to turn a negative situation into a positive one , giving motorists a reason to step out of their cars and interact with each other .
Republicans Ray LaHood , John McHugh and Jon Huntsman all accepted positions in the Obama administration .
Stealth war : Obama sabotages GOP
Tuesday ’s announcement of Rep. John McHugh ( R - N.Y. ) as President Barack Obama ’s nominee for Army secretary makes perfect sense from a policymaking standpoint .
It ’s hard to find a member of Congress who ’s more well - respected or more steeped in military personnel issues than McHugh , a senior House Armed Services Committee member who has wrestled with issues ranging from recruitment to base closure to the role of women in combat .
Yet it ’s also hard to find a choice better calibrated to meet the Obama administration ’s political imperatives .
All at once , Obama has selected a nominee who burnishes his bipartisan credentials , opened up a seat prime for Democratic pickup and drained the GOP reservoir of one of the few remaining Northeastern moderates .
Advertisement
It ’s an event that ’s happening with enough frequency to suggest the presence of a design , a plan that not only sketches the outline of a reelection strategy but manages to drive a wedge into the opposition at the same time .
Call it a Sherman ’s March in reverse — an audacious attempt by Obama to burn down any lines of escape for Republicans from their one refuge of popularity , the deep South .
Since taking office in January , Obama has made an effort to convert GOP moderates in nearly every region of the country , ranging from a former Midwestern congressman , Ray LaHood , who became transportation secretary , to Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman , who was recently named ambassador to China .
Obama also made a play for two of the four remaining Northeastern Republican senators — meeting with success in the case of party - switching Pennsylvania Sen .
Arlen Specter and near - success in the case of New Hampshire Sen. Judd Gregg , who initially accepted the president ’s appointment as head of the Commerce Department before backing out .
And with McHugh ’s appointment , Obama has managed to cut New York ’s ever - shrinking GOP House delegation by one - third .
The state delegation now includes just two Republicans in its 29 - member contingent — down from 10 as recently as 2004 .
Between high - profile conversions from the Northeast to the Midwest to the Rocky Mountain West — not to mention Obama ’s warm relations with the nation ’s two most prominent moderate Republican governors , California ’s Arnold Schwarzenegger and Florida ’s Charlie Crist — it ’s beginning to look like a strategy that isolates conservatives , reinforces the impression that the GOP is defined by the borders of the Deep South and all the while underscores Obama ’s stated goal of working across party lines .
The Politico 44 Story Widget Requires Adobe Flash Player
“ It ’s very smart politically on a lot of levels .
First , it ’s a demonstration that he ’s keeping his promise to govern in a bipartisan way .
Second , the fact is , every time you open up a seat in the House or Senate that an incumbent Republican holds , you give your party an opportunity to win one back .
And some of those seats may come our way , ” said Tad Devine , a veteran Democratic strategist .
“ It forces Republicans to defend their own territory and spend money on defense . ”
“ Boxing the Republicans into a South - dominated party is very good strategy , because the more you reduce the Republican Party , the more conservative and reactionary it will become , and thus less attractive to moderates , ” said Tom Schaller , a University of Maryland - Baltimore County professor and the author of “ Whistling Past Dixie : How Democrats Can Win Without the South . ”
“ The Midwest and the Northeast are the places where there are still remnants of old - line Rockefeller Republicans .
And these are the places where the Democrats will build durable majorities . ”
The National Republican Congressional Committee made reference to the political calculus in a memo released after McHugh ’s nomination Tuesday .
“ Make no mistake about it , John McHugh is an incredibly qualified nominee for secretary of the Army , and he deserves a swift confirmation , ” the memo said .
“ With that being said , there is no doubt that White House chief of staff and former DCCC Chairman Rahm Emanuel was well aware of the political ramifications surrounding this selection when this plan was hatched .
The party boss in the West Wing saw a political opportunity and he seized on it . ”
“ They ’re making some really strategic moves in terms of sending them to China or plucking them out of New York , ” said Sen. John Thune ( R - S.D. ) .
“ It ’s obviously a loss to us , a loss to Republicans in the House and a loss to the party in that region of the country and generally , but obviously a great get for the new administration .
I just hope [ McHugh ] would stay here instead of going there . ”
Former moderate Rep. Jim Leach ( R - Iowa ) dismissed the notion that politics has played a significant role in White House appointments , noting instead that the administration is simply following up on campaign promises to change the climate in Washington .
“ It is a considered endeavor that is very much a part of the president ’s personal philosophy , and it ’s to be commended , ” said Leach , who himself has been mentioned for a possible Obama appointment .
“ I do n’t view this in any way as Rovian politics .
I view it as a Lincoln - esque political effort to unify . ”
“ The truth is that once you put emphasis in the campaign that you ’ll put good Republicans in the administration , the media and the pundit class starts counting , ” said Democratic strategist Bill Carrick , a veteran of numerous presidential campaigns .
“ But there ’s this value - add to it : [ McHugh ] is from a region where the Republicans are incredibly embattled .
Republicans are almost extinct in those areas . ”
Republicans were reluctant Tuesday to criticize the well - regarded McHugh , but they also were sensitive to the impression his departure might foster — that moderates like him were deserting the party because conservatives were running roughshod over them .
“ John was very dismissive to me about that , ” Rep. Mike Pence ( R - Ind . ) told reporters Tuesday , relating details of a phone conversation he had with McHugh earlier in the day , during which McHugh told Pence that he felt very welcome as one of the few remaining moderates in the conference .
Terry Nelson , a Republican strategist who served as political director for former President George W. Bush ’s 2004 reelection campaign and who worked briefly for the 2008 McCain campaign , said McHugh ’s nomination alone should n’t be viewed as a strategic play because one House seat by itself makes no difference given the current Democratic majorities .
Rather , the strategic benefit of the appointment is the message it sends .
“ Broadly speaking , it ’s clear they ’re working to put forward as bipartisan an image as they can , ” he said .
“ The strategic advantage is to put forward the bipartisan facade , because they know the American electorate is much more centrist than left - leaning , and they want to put forward a centrist face . ”
Patrick O’Connor and Manu Raju contributed to this story .
Example Facebook application in Django
Everything for developers can be found on developers.facebook.com .
Available to users apps are located in apps directory .
Usually users do some quizzes , publish their results and compare , comment with other friends .
Facebook app can be writen in many languages like PHP , Python , Ruby , Perl , Java .
Apps are hosted on your server , not on facebook .
APIs for all of this can be found on the wiki , and some support is available on the forum .
For python developers there is PyFacebook library , which helps in using the Facebook API , and in making Django apps integrated with the site .
The code can be obtained from GIT repository :
git clone git://github.com/sciyoshi/pyfacebook.git
Go to App Developers and click on Set Up New Application
Enter a name for you app and accept the terms :
Next we can set up icons and description for the app .
You can change them later .
After saving we will see a list of our apps .
To make it available on Facebook - we have to make the app in Django .
To create basic app for use with Facebook use djangofb . py from PyFacebook ( you can copy it to the project folder ) : python djangofb .py startapp zalamka Creating Facebook application ' zalamka ' ...
Writing /home / piotr/ svn/0skala/biblioteka/zalamka/models.py ...
Writing /home / piotr/ svn/0skala/biblioteka/zalamka/views.py ...
Writing /home / piotr/ svn/0skala/biblioteka/zalamka/__init__.py ...
Writing /home / piotr/ svn/0skala/biblioteka/zalamka/urls.py ...
Done !
There are a couple of things you NEED to do before you can use this app : * Set FACEBOOK_API_KEY and FACEBOOK_SECRET_KEY to the appropriate values in settings.py * Add ' facebook.djangofb.FacebookMiddleware ' to your MIDDLEWARE_CLASSES in settings.py * Add ' NAZWA_PROJEKTU.NAZWA_APLIKACJI ' to your INSTALLED_APPS in settings .py
The final step is to add ( r'^biblioteka / ' , include ('biblioteka.zalamka.urls ' ) ) to your urls.py , and then set your callback page in the application settings on Facebook to ' http://your.domain.com/biblioteka/'.
Good luck !
from PyFacebook ( you can copy it to the project folder ) :
Add to settings .py variables : FACEBOOK_API_KEY and FACEBOOK_SECRET_KEY
and set your app API KEY and Secret Key ( you can get if from your app list )
variables : and and set your app API KEY and Secret Key ( you can get if from your app list )
Add new middleware to MIDDLEWARE_CLASSES .
Add facebook.djangofb.FacebookMiddleware
. Add And finaly add this django app into INSTALLED_APPS .
In my case it's PROJECT_NAME.zalamka
.
In my case it 's Next in urls .py add rule for the new app ( I use bit different than the suggestion ) : ( r' ^zalamka / ' , include ( ' zalamka.urls ' ) )
add rule for the new app ( I use bit different than the suggestion ) : Compared to the tutorial on facebook wiki - I did n't got " templates " folder in my app , so I copied it from the example in PyFacebook package ( / examples / pyfacebook_sample ) .
If we have templates folder we can add it to TEMPLATE_DIRS in settings.py .
" folder in my app , so I copied it from the example in PyFacebook package ( ) .
If we have templates folder we can add it to in .
Edit models.py of the app and change maxlength to max_length
of the app and change to Create tables : python manage .py syncdb
If you have public IP - you can use your local django development server to create and debug the app .
If not - you have to push changes to the main server , and debug the app from there .
For public IP we have to start the Django server on port 80 , which need root / sudo permissions : python manage .py runserver 0.0.0.0:80
Then our project is available under http://Your_IP , and the facebook app in this example http://Your_IP/zalamka/ .
, and the facebook app in this example .
Now edit app settings on Facebook , and go to " Canvas " tab .
Set Canvas Callback URL to http://Your_IP/zalamka/ , and Canvas Page URL to " zalamka " - this is the URL - name of the app that will be use on facebook .
Also change Render method to FBML .
to , and to " zalamka " - this is the URL - name of the app that will be use on facebook .
Also change to .
Now under http://apps.facebook.com/NAME/ you should see a basic Facebook app comming from your server :
The basic app you see is n't anything useful , so it 's time to make one .
In this app we are using FBML which is a set of extra HTML - like tags that allows easy integration with some facebook components ( they can make forms , display comment boxes and so on ) .
My goal is to make an app that will show some pictures from a website demotywatory .
pl ( you can make the same for a lolcat site for example ) .
The basic code that extracts the URLs and info I need looks like this : # -*- coding : utf - 8 -*- from re import findall import urllib2 opener = urllib2 . build_opener ( ) opener .
addheaders = [ ( ' user - agent ' , ' Opera /9.64 ( X11 ; Linux x86_64 ; U ; en ) Presto / 2.1.1 ' ) ] d = opener .
open ( ' http://www.demotywatory.pl' ) de = d . read ( ) print findall ( '< div\sclass = " demot_pic " >< a\shref= " ( .*? ) " >< img\ssrc= " ( .*? ) " \sclass = " demot " \salt= " ( .*? ) " \s/></a></div>' , de )
I my " zalamka " test app I have one view : # -*- coding : utf - 8 -*- from re import findall import urllib2 from os . path import isfile , getmtime , join from time import time from django.http import HttpResponse from django .
shortcuts import render_to_response from models import User from django.conf import settings import facebook.djangofb as facebook @facebook.require_login ( ) def canvas ( request ) : # POST - user submitted form if request .
POST and ' demot ' in request .
POST and len ( request .
POST [ ' demot ' ] . strip ( ) ) >
0 : uid = request .
facebook .
uid request .
facebook .
feed .
publishUserAction ( ' 21106 ... TEMPLATE_ID ' , { ' demot ' : request .
POST [ ' demot ' ]} , [ ] , 1 ) return request .
facebook .
redirect ( request .
facebook .
get_url ( ' profile ' , id = uid ) ) # show the images cache_file = join ( settings .
MEDIA_ROOT , ' demotywator.cache ' ) if isfile ( cache_file ) and getmtime ( cache_file ) > time ( ) - 3600 : # use cached de = open ( cache_file ) . read ( ) else : # get new content try : opener = urllib2 . build_opener ( ) opener .
addheaders = [ ( ' user - agent ' , ' Opera /9.64 ( X11 ; Linux x86_64 ; U ; en ) Presto / 2.1.1 ' ) ] d = opener .
open ( ' http://www.demotywatory.pl' ) de = d . read ( ) cache = open ( cache_file , ' w ' ) cache .
write ( de ) cache .
close ( ) except : # log this de = '' demots = findall ( '< div\sclass = " demot_pic " >< a\shref= " ( .*? ) " >< img\ssrc= " ( .*? ) " \sclass = " demot " \salt= " ( .*? ) " \s/></a></div>' , de ) name = request .
facebook .
users .
getInfo ( [ request .
facebook . uid ] , [ ' first_name ' ] ) [ 0 ] [ ' first_name ' ] return render_to_response ( ' canvas.fbml ' , { ' name ' : name , ' demots ' : demots } ) request .
POST for now .
The rest of the code is basic - get the page and extract data .
For better performance I cache the data for 1 hour : if isfile ( cache_file ) and getmtime ( cache_file ) > time ( ) - 3600 : request .
facebook which allows us to use Facebooka API mapped to Python methods .
for now .
The rest of the code is basic - get the page and extract data .
For better performance I cache the data for 1 hour : which allows us to use Facebooka API mapped to Python methods .
Used template canvas. fbml is a Django template , in which we can ( but do n't have to ) use FBML .
In my case it looks like this : < fb:header >
It 's so demotivating .
< a href = " http://demotywatory.pl " > Demotywatory.pl </ a > now on Facebook :( </ fb:header > < style > . demot { margin - top : 2 px ; padding : 5 px ; background - color : black ; width : 490 px ; margin - left : 10 px ; } . demot p { text - align : center ; font - weight : bold ; padding - left : 20 px ; color : yellow ; } </ style > < div class = " clearfix " style = " border : 1 px # d8 dfea solid ; padding : 10 px ; width : 520 px ; margin : 0 auto 0 auto ; " > { % if demots %} < div class = " grayheader clearfix " style = " text - align : center ; " > { % for i in demots %} < h3 style = " margin-bottom:3px;margin-top:15px;background-color:black;color:white ; padding:5 px;width:490 px;margin-left:10 px ; " > {{ i.2 }} </ h3 > < a href = " {{ i.0 }} " >< img src = " {{ i.1 }} " alt = " {{ i.2 }} " /></ a >< br /> < div class = " demot " >< p >< img src = " http://www.python.rk.edu.pl/site_media/zalamka.png " alt = " " />
It 's depressing , so I want to depress others </ p > < fb:editor action = " ./ " labelwidth = " 100 " > < input type = " hidden " value = " {{ i.0 }} " name = " demot " /> < fb:editor - buttonset > < fb:editor - button value = " Submit " /> </ fb:editor - buttonset > </ fb:editor > </ div > < br />< br /> { % endfor %} </ div > { % else %} < div class = " grayheader clearfix " style = " text - align : center ; " >< b >
No pictures </ b ></ div > { % endif %} < div style = " text - align : center ; " >
In this apps icons from famfamfam and Tango projects are used . </ div > </ div >
FBML
Tags start with fb : .
In the template above I 've set page header with fb: header , and made a HTML form with fb:editor ( but I could use my own ) .
In result I get :
is a Django template , in which we can ( but do n't have to ) use FBML .
In my case it looks like this : FBML Tags start with .
In the template above I 've set page header with , and made a HTML form with ( but I could use my own ) .
In result I get : Displaying content is n't enough .
I want to allow users post infos about a picture on their profile / wall - for this purpose I 've added the form .
In the view the form is controlled by this code : if request .
POST and ' demot ' in request .
POST and len ( request .
POST [ ' demot ' ] . strip ( ) ) >
0 : uid = request .
facebook .
uid request .
facebook .
feed .
publishUserAction ( ' TEMPLATE_ID ' , { ' demot ' : request .
POST [ ' demot ' ]} , [ ] , 1 ) return request .
facebook .
redirect ( request .
facebook .
get_url ( ' profile ' , id = uid ) ) feed .publishUserAction method takes few arg : id of registered template , dictionary with extra variable for the template , ID list of user friends to notify , and message type : 1 - one line , 2 - short .
method takes few arg : id of registered template , dictionary with extra variable for the template , ID list of user friends to notify , and message type : 1 - one line , 2 - short .
To publish messages on the wall we can use templates , which need to be registered on Feed Template Console : Variables are passed in form { * name*} .
Every template must start with {* actor*} , which inserts message autor name .
If we use our own variables - we have to specify a test value in Sample Template Data .
When we register the template we will get the template ID :
Variables are passed in form .
Every template must start with , which inserts message autor name .
If we use our own variables - we have to specify a test value in .
When we register the template we will get the template ID :
If we have the template ID we can use it to send the message .
The app ends with redirecting the user to it's wall : request .
facebook .
feed .
publishUserAction ( ' TEMPLATE ID ' , { ' demot ' : request .
POST [ ' demot ' ]} , [ ] , 1 ) return request .
facebook .
redirect ( request .
facebook .
get_url ( ' profile ' , id = uid ) )
For me the APIs that Facebook provie are n't the best thing on the net .
One thing that there is no nice documentation for the PyFacebook ( you have to look at the standard API docs ) .
Second - if you go see an API description - there should be real code examples ( expecialy for Connect ) , and linkt to things I could use also ( for example you can add a comment on your website with XFBML or using JS API , but the docs on the JS API wo n't tell you that ) .
Third : JavaScript API ?
JS making queries ( FQL ) ?
It 's hard to debug , hard to integrate with server - side websites .
And some browsers do n't render XFBML :)
For me good API can be found at Flickr - clean REST API for read and write operations with various permissions that is managed by server - side language of your site .
RkBlog
Dr Kohona said he had not asked officers on the front line if they had shot the men as they surrendered : " You do n't ask questions like that .
If you 're an investigator , yes , but you do n't ask questions like that unless you already know the answer . "
Lenovo's T400s has been caught in the wild once before -- if by wild you understood us to mean a well - lit , relatively clean and sterile environment .
Well , we 've caught another several glimpses of the latest ThinkPad , but this time , it 's actually in the wild .
As in , dropped in the middle of the road to be run over by a giant truck , or left in the downpour of a tornado .
Sounds fun , right ?
No , it does n't expand our knowledge of price or availability for this puppy , but it is fun to watch in a sick , twisted sort of way .
Check both videos after the break .
Myth : Gun ownership is not the cause of America 's high murder rate .
Fact :
Gun availability is correlated with murder ; gun controls laws see the murder rate fall .
Summary
Murder can be broken down into three components : desire , ability and feasibility .
A society 's aggregate desire to commit murder depends on social factors , but its ability and feasibility to commit murder are heightened by widespread gun availability .
Indeed , most studies find a clear correlation between the murder rate and gun ownership , especially handgun ownership .
Most gun owners claim they buy guns for protection , but it appears that the problem ( murder ) and the solution ( gun deterrence ) are one and the same : 70 percent of all murders are committed with guns .
We should also consider a failure any " deterrence " that is correlated to the very crime it is supposed to deter .
But most damagingly , the FBI deems only 1 percent of all murders to be " justifiable homicides " using a firearm .
Statistics from the nation 's largest crime survey also show that a gun in 19 times more likely to be used in nonfatal crime than in nonfatal self - defense .
Pro-gun advocates respond by trying to refute these statistics , citing a study that shows that defensive uses of guns outnumber their criminal uses .
However , the survey they cite is not credible .
Even if these dubious statistics were true , one cannot praise a social pathology ( i.e. , gun violence ) that only partially cures itself ( i.e. , through gun deterrence ) .
Argument
This essay is divided into three parts : 1 ) a pro-gun control philosophy on the relationship between gun ownership and the murder rate ; 2 ) a review of the most relevant statistics ; and 3 ) an analysis of the statistics to see if they support this philosophy .
1. A PRO - GUN CONTROL PHILOSOPHY
Every act of murder can be broken down into three components : desire , ability and feasibility .
Without any one of these components , an individual cannot commit murder .
Let 's look at each one :
Desire
To be sure , not every person in society has a desire to commit murder .
Murderous impulses occur only to a very small percentage of the population , to those who are sufficiently jealous , angry , drunk , drugged , insane , irrational , pathological , self - destructive or deceived enough to seriously contemplate killing someone .
Some people may be only temporarily afflicted ; others much more permanently .
The more permanently ones we see as repeat offenders in our criminal justice system .
How many people entertain an urge to kill in society varies ; perhaps one country sees only 0.5 percent of its population in this state of mind over the course of a year , while another country sees only .001 percent .
The difference can be attributed to social factors , like the availability of mental health treatment , substance - abuse programs , family counseling , poverty , media violence , racial tensions and hostilities , or any of countless other imaginable factors that contribute to the murderous impulse .
Some social factors appear to have enormous impact on violent crime .
Two social factors in particular have been getting increased attention from researchers lately ; the first is media violence .
Many sociologists do not consider it an accident that the crime wave that hit America in the 60s and 70s coincided with the first television generation coming of age .
Dr. Brandon Centerwall has produced one of the most famous studies , which found that the mere introduction of television into a region causes its crime rate to double as soon as the first television generation comes of age .
( 1 ) In a 22 - year study of 800 children from grade 2 to early adulthood , Leonard Eron and Rowell Huesmann found that the best predictor of later aggression was a heavy childhood diet of TV violence -- more so than poverty , grades , a single parent in the home or exposure to real violence . ( 2 )
The second is income inequality .
Although absolute poverty levels do not correlate too significantly with the crime rate , income inequality does ( oddly enough ) .
Two separate studies , one from Harvard , the other from Berkeley , compared state crime rates to their income inequality rates , and found that the states with the most inequality had the highest rates of homicide , violent crime and incarceration .
This correlation holds internationally as well ; Europe has much lower levels of inequality than the U.S. , and much lower violent crime rates as well .
In the U.S. , the rising murder rate has accompanied a rising level of income inequality .
In 1968 , the Gini index of income inequality was a record low .348 ; by 1994 , it had risen to .426 , the highest level since the Great Depression . ( 3 )
Unfortunately , the social factors that contribute to a society 's overall desire to commit murder do throw a wild card into this debate .
Still , there is enough data to reach certain conclusions about the link between guns and murder .
Ability
The second component of murder is ability .
Killing a human being is a surprisingly difficult task , and that means that weapons with higher ability will kill in a greater percentage of attempts .
Among common weapons , guns are unmatched for their killing ability , and this efficiency can be seen in attempted suicide statistics .
On a national level , the statistics on suicide attempts and methods are sketchy , but there have been a number of more reliable smaller studies .
The following one from Dallas yields a typical result .
It showed that suicide attempts with a gun are fatal 76 percent of the time , compared to 4 percent when other methods are used .
( 4 ) The American Association of Suicidology gives an even higher estimate : 92 percent of all suicide attempts with a gun are fatal .
Gun researcher Josh Sugarmann writes :
" Unlike pills , gas , or razor blades -- which are of limited effectiveness -- guns are rarely forgiving .
For example , self - inflicted cutting wounds account for 15 percent of all suicide attempts but only 1 percent of all successful suicides .
Poisons and drugs account for 70 percent of suicide attempts but less than 12 percent of all suicides .
Conversely , nonfatal , self - inflicted gunshot wounds are rare -- yet three - fifths of all U.S. suicides involve firearms . " ( 5 )
Pro-gun criminologist Gary Kleck has argued that the higher fatality rate of gun suicide attempts " could be due to greater seriousness of intent among gun users .
There is evidence that suicide attempters who use more lethal methods are more intent on killing themselves , rather than merely making an attempt as a ' cry for help ' to those around them . "
( 6 ) But this observation is irrelevant , because those with more serious intent are presumably attracted to guns for their greater killing ability in the first place .
The heightened ability of guns has important implications for murder .
When people experience a murderous impulse , they may attack no matter what the situation , and with whatever weapon is handy .
Although they may attack with the same degree of ferocity and blind passion , a knife attack will probably result in injury , a gun attack in death .
Thus , enhanced ability alone will drive up the murder rate .
It follows that if a gun is lying around the house waiting for the next violent family argument to happen , the chances for tragedy are greater .
Feasibility
The third component of murder is feasibility .
A person might have both the desire and the weapon needed to kill , but if the circumstances do n't offer a feasible opportunity to carry it out , then a person will probably decide against it .
With weapons like knives or clubs , a would - be murderer faces enormous personal risk .
Here 's why :
Getting physically close to the victim might be impossible under a wide variety of circumstances .
Getting closer to the victim reduces the odds of surprise , secrecy or anonymity .
The intended victim might be taller or stronger .
The intended victim might be surrounded by friends , family , or bodyguards .
The victim might shout out for help .
A crowd might come to the victim 's rescue .
In the ensuing struggle , the murderer might be seriously wounded or even killed .
The struggle will probably leave tell - tale signs of blood , skin or hair - follicles on the murderer .
The intended victim might survive and testify against him .
A gun , however , dramatically reduces all these risks .
In order of the above , guns allow people to :
Kill victims from afar .
Maintain a much greater element of surprise , secrecy and anonymity .
Kill larger and stronger people .
Kill crowds .
Frighten away people who might otherwise help .
Assume almost no risk of injury from personal struggle .
Leave no tell - tale blood or other physical evidence on the murderer .
Leave the victim less likely to survive or see him to testify against him .
What guns do , then , is make it more feasible for a would - be killer to act out his murderous impulses .
Gun possession thus allows a crime to occur that would n't have otherwise .
A good analogy is robbery .
In medieval times , wealth was usually stolen only when it was in transit , by highway brigands who outnumbered the drivers .
But in modern times , a lone individual with a gun can walk into a bank and rob the entire establishment .
Bank robbery became a widespread phenomenon only after the invention of guns .
Certain types of guns enhance feasibility more than others .
Long - barreled guns like rifles and shotguns are difficult to hide and bulkier to carry ; therefore , easily concealed handguns are the weapon of choice among murderers .
One exception to this rule is the long - barreled gun which is super - efficient , namely , machine guns or assault weapons .
These enhance feasibility in other ways that might be preferred by a would - be killer .
For these reasons , gun-control advocates especially focus on handguns and assault weapons when it comes to regulation .
Let 's imagine now two countries , both of which have populations of 250 million .
Suppose 50,000 people in each of these countries are going to experience murderous impulses over the course of a year .
One nation has a complete ban on guns .
The other has universal gun ownership .
Which nation will see the higher murder rate ?
Common sense would dictate that the nation with guns will realize its enhanced ability and feasibility to commit murder .
However , we should never underestimate the gun advocates ' powers of rationalization !
A common counter - argument is Robert Heinlein's : " An armed society is a polite society . "
This is hardly true , as the statistics below demonstrate ; you could not get a more polite and murder - free society than Japan , which bans virtually all guns , or a more violent society than America , which owns the most guns in the world .
But let 's treat this counter - argument on a philosophical level .
If we were to arm everyone in society , then the ability to commit murder would become universal .
This is a serious step in the wrong direction ; to rescue their point , gun advocates must rely even more heavily on arguments of defeasibility .
The fear of getting shot back , they argue , will deter most murderers .
And there is a degree of truth behind this argument -- police , for example , wear sidearms precisely for their deterrence effect and protective benefits .
Surveys of criminals show that they tend to avoid targets they feel might be armed .
But ultimately this argument fails , even in principle .
A central tenet of game theory is that attackers have the advantage over defenders .
A defender must defend against all possibilities of attack , and in doing so defends none of them very well .
An attacker has to choose only one line of attack , and therefore can do it extremely well .
Attackers have the advantage of surprise , planning and initiative .
An example is a careful , well - considered plan to shoot someone in the back , even if the person is openly carrying a sidearm .
Another example is bank robbery .
The fact that banks are extremely well - protected has n't stopped their robbery even today -- criminals simply arm themselves more heavily and take advantage of the fact that they are the attackers .
Or , in the face of heavily armed targets , attackers may simply alter their line of attack , selecting weaker targets : the old , the disabled , or children .
A useful analogy here is war .
The fact that the entire world out - armed Hitler did not stop him from attacking it .
And he nearly succeeded -- because , as the attacker , he had the initiative .
Furthermore , even the certain threat of retaliatory force will not stop someone whose senses are impaired by drugs , alcohol , jealousy , anger , insanity , pathology , self - destruction or deception .
Although we can identify some groups at risk for these behaviors , we can hardly predict them all -- jealous husbands , for instance .
And the " failure to defease " is a tremendously costly one , now that the ability to commit murder is universal .
Thus , many people suggest gun control as a solution to high murder rates .
We should note there is a spectrum of gun control , ranging from licensing laws to the total banning of all guns .
Comparing different societies for gun availability alone is insufficient , since we must also consider their different gun control laws .
We should also note that gun control only reduces the ability and feasibility to commit murder -- it does not limit desire .
That 's something for other social policies to address .
The interplay between these three components is where the debate becomes complex .
Desire may sometimes counter ability and feasibility , which only confounds the issue .
Suppose two nations have the same population size , although nation A sees 50,000 people a year with the murderous impulse , but only 25,000 in nation B . If nation A has gun control , and nation B has high gun ownership , then nation A might still see a higher murder rate .
Gun advocates might then claim that this " proves " their case -- although gun control advocates would still claim that reducing gun ownership would reduce murder rates in both nations .
Many people debating these issues often fail to take these considerations into account .
The interplay between desire , ability and feasibility makes for some unique case studies .
One example is Israel , whose entire population is armed , and yet has a low murder rate .
However , their desire to commit murder is low , because Israel is usually either at war or the threat of war , and criminologists have long known that the crime rate drops during wartime .
( One could say that the desire to kill is externalized in the case of war . )
Another example is Switzerland , which also has universal gun ownership by military - aged males , and a low murder rate compared to the U.S. Contrary to the suggestions of pro-gun advocates , however , gun ownership in Switzerland is not universal ; only 32 percent of the general population own guns .
By comparison , this figure is 49 percent in the U.S. And Switzerland also has much stricter gun control laws .
All military weapons ( which are long - barreled ) must be kept locked up , with their ammunition sealed , stored in a separate place , and strictly accounted for .
Hence it is almost impossible to use these weapons for crime without detection .
Handguns are also highly regulated .
Even then Switzerland has both the highest handgun ownership and highest handgun murder rate in Europe .
Now let 's review the statistics , to see how the correlation between gun ownership and murder rates is borne out according to the above philosophy .
Although few correlations are ever exact in sociology , the ones below are generally clear ( that is , you can see them without mathematically measuring them ) .
To the extent that they vary , the differences can be attributed to other social factors , like gun control laws , income inequality , etc .
2. U.S. GUN STATISTICS
According to a 1992 review of the scientific literature , most studies find that gun density is positively associated with the murder rate . ( 7 ) .
The National Institute of Justice , for example , reports a study of U.S. cities which found a positive correlation between gun ownership levels and felony gun use and felony murder . ( 8 )
How about other violent crimes , like rape and assault ?
The NIJ report says : " Greater gun availability increases the rates of murder and felony gun use , but does not appear to affect general violence levels . "
In other words , we generally have a constant level of violence in our society , but guns allow a greater portion of that violence to become deadly .
" The fact that the United States is a violent society does not have much to do with guns , " writes researcher Philip Cook .
" The fact that our violent crime is so deadly has much to do with guns . "
( 9 ) This coheres with the above philosophy that only a certain percentage of the population experiences the impulse to commit murder , and is prevented only by its lack of ability and feasibility .
Here 's a closer look at the numbers :
In 1991 , there were 211 million privately - owned firearms in the U.S. , which then had a population of 252 million people .
Of these firearms , about 71 million were handguns .
( 10 ) The long - term trend in both handgun production and criminal use has been away from manual revolvers and towards rapid - firing , semi-automatic pistols .
( 10 ) The domestic production of pistols has doubled since 1980 , while domestic production of rifles has fallen 40 percent , and shotguns 14 percent .
In 1980 , pistols made up less than 15 percent of total firearm production in the U.S. ; by 1993 , they had climbed to 40 percent .
( 12 )
The following chart shows the general climb of both the murder rate and firearm sales in the U.S. :
Murder rate ( per 100,000 ) and firearm sales ( millions of constant dollars , CPI - U ) ( 13 ) Murder Firearm Year Rate Sales ---------------------- 1985 7.9 $ 1,548 1986 8.6 1,647 1987 8.3 1,667 1988 8.4 1,810 1989 8.7 1,777 1990 9.4 1,602 1991 9.8 1,859 1992 9.3 1,829 1993 9.5 2,095
Since 1989 , manufacturers and importers introduced an average of 3.5 million new guns into the U.S. market each year .
By contrast , the U.S. resident population has grown an average of 2.7 million a year .
That 's roughly 800,000 extra guns a year . ( 14 )
In 1993 , about 1.3 million Americans faced an assailant armed with a firearm .
Of those , 86 percent ( or 1.1 million ) of the incidents involved a handgun . ( 15 )
Here is the breakdown for all the weapons or methods used to commit murder from 1980 to 1993 .
Notice the trend for guns and handguns :
Murder method or weapons used ; 1980 - 1993 ( 16 ) Weapon or Method 1980 1993 -----------------------------------
Guns ( all types ) 62.4 % 69.6 % Handguns 45.8 56.9 Cutting or stabbing 19.3 12.7 Blunt objects 5.0 4.4 Personal weapons 5.9 5.0 Strangulations , Asphyxiations 2.3 1.9 Fire 1.3 0.9 All others 3.8 5.5
And here are the circumstances surrounding murders for 1993 .
( " Arguments " include those over money , property , romantic triangles , etc. " Felonies " include robbery , narcotics , rape etc. )
Circumstances surrounding murder , 1993 ( 17 ) Circumstances 1993
---------------------
Argument 30.8 % Unknown 27.7 Other Motives 21.7 Felonies 19.1
For murders in 1994 , almost half of the victims were either related to ( 12 percent ) or acquainted with ( 35 percent ) their killers .
Only 13 percent were killed by total strangers .
Of female victims , 28 percent were killed by their husbands or boyfriends . ( 18 )
Types of Firearm deaths , 1993 ( 19 ) Suicide 18,940 Firearm homicide 18,571 Handgun homicide 13,980 Justifiable homicide 251 Accidental 1,521 Undetermined 563 --------------------------------
Total 39,595
In 1993 , the FBI counted 24,526 murders ( 13,980 by handguns ) , yet only 251 of these were justifiable homicides by civilians using handguns .
( 20 ) This is only one percent of all murders !
However , " justifiable homicide " is a narrowly - defined legal term , meaning the killing of an assailant in self - defense , and as a last resort .
For example , shooting someone for stealing your car is not considered justifiable homicide ( unless your life is in danger ) .
More on this below .
And then there are the international statistics , which also show a clear correlation between handgun ownership and murder rates .
( Note : the first two statistics are for handguns , not guns in general . )
Percent of households with a handgun , 1991 ( 21 ) United States 29 % Switzerland 14 Finland 7 Germany 7 Belgium 6 France 6 Canada 5 Norway 4 Europe 4 Australia 2 Netherlands 2 United Kingdom 1 Handgun murders ( 1992 ) ( 22 ) Handgun 1992 Handgun Murder Country Murders Population Rate ( per 100,000 )
-----------------------------------------------------------
United States 13,429 254,521,000 5.28 Switzerland 97 6,828,023 1.42 Canada 128 27,351,509 0.47 Sweden 36 8,602,157 0.42 Australia 13 17,576,354 0.07 United Kingdom 33 57,797,514 0.06 Japan 60 124,460,481 0.05
As for overall firearm possession , the U.S. again comes in first , with half of all households owning a firearm .
Canada is also near the top of the possession list , with a 29 percent ownership rate .
Not surprisingly , they lead the list in murder rates :
Murders per 100,000 of population , 1991 ( 21 ) United States 8.40 Canada 5.45 Denmark 5.17 France 4.60 Portugal 4.50 Australia 4.48 Germany 4.20 Belgium 2.80 Spain 2.28 Switzerland 2.25 Italy 2.18 Norway 1.99 United Kingdom 1.97 Austria 1.80 Greece 1.76 Sweden 1.73 Turkey 1.45 Japan 1.20 Ireland 0.96 Finland 0.70
3. AN ANALYSIS OF THE STATISTICS
The general correlation between the murder rate and the ownership of guns , especially handguns , is clear .
Some might try to muddy this correlation by appealing to differences in gun control laws , but that does n't help much .
Europeans have far stricter gun regulation than the U.S. , so their lower murder rates are actually an argument in favor of gun control .
The correlation between gun availability and murder begs the question : which causes which ?
Before delving into this argument , we should note that the correlation itself is embarrassing to the gun lobby .
They would love nothing more than to see the U.S. with both the highest gun ownership and lowest murder rate in the world .
But this is not the case , and gun lobbyists are reduced to esoteric , " what - if " types of arguments .
For example , what if the U.S. had even fewer guns than it has now ?
Then the murder rate would be even higher , they claim . (!)
It 's only because the murder rate is soaring that people are defending themselves by buying more guns .
There are several weaknesses to this argument .
One might ask what kind of a " deterrence " is correlated to the very crime it is supposed to deter .
The gun advocate might respond , " Well , firefighters are correlated to forest fires . "
But in the latter stages of a fire there is a negative correlation , as firefighters increase and fires diminish .
A similar negative correlation between guns and murder has yet to be observed , anyplace , anywhere .
Furthermore , when guns are involved in the vast majority of murders -- 70 percent and growing -- it is clear that the " solution " and the " problem " are one and the same .
One might also ask how a nation achieves a high murder rate in the first place without guns .
After all , it 's not easy to kill by clubbing , stabbing or hanging ; these methods lack the super - ability and feasibility that guns provide .
This is borne out by the fact that the murder rate is significantly lower in places where these are the primary murder methods .
An even stronger rebuttal is the effect of gun control laws .
If the above pro-gun argument were true , we should expect to see the murder rate climb , not fall , after the passage of gun control laws .
But the introduction of gun control in Washington D.C. , Kansas City , Canada , the Massachusetts 1974 Bartley - Fox Amendment , and the Brady Law shows that the murder rate indeed falls .
( More on this in the next essay . )
But perhaps the greatest weakness of the pro-gun argument is that only 1 percent of all murders are considered by the FBI to be justifiable homicide by firearm .
Self - defense might be the intention of people who buy guns , but when these weapons actually get used , it 's almost always for murder .
The implications of this are fatal to the pro-gun argument , because people 's intentions are irrelevant -- the only thing that matters is how these guns are actually used .
If they are used mostly for murder , with little deterrence effect , then the arrow of causality runs from gun availability to murder .
Even then , causality would n't be the central issue here ; guns could be banned simply on the grounds that they are used mostly for murder .
Not surprisingly , the gun lobby has mounted a furious assault on this statistic .
They have done this in two ways :
1 ) Question the " justifiable homicide " figures .
Some criticize the FBI for reading police reports , not trial outcomes , to determine the number of justifiable homicides .
Possibly , a different truth might emerge in trial .
But if a criminal homicide may turn out to be justified in trial , there is no reason to believe that the opposite would n't occur as well : a similar number of justified homicides turning out to be criminal .
The likelihood for the latter is quite great , since , after all , self - defense is a common excuse for murder .
Pro-gun advocates have yet to provide evidence that this phenomenon alters the statistics in any significant way .
Others claim that the legal term " justifiable homicide " is too narrow .
For example , if an intruder enters your house , you are legally required to run out the back door ( if there is one ) ; shooting him is not considered justifiable homicide .
It is only considered justified if you have no back door , and his advances are such that you believe your life to be in danger .
Gun owners scoff at this law , but there is actually a good reason for it .
The intruder may be drunk , drugged , mentally ill , poisoned , and not at all predisposed to robbing your house under normal conditions .
The proper place for him could be a treatment center , a hospital , or even prison .
But to kill him is a miscarriage of justice -- especially in the case of a mentally ill person .
Better to escape and let your insurance cover any damage to your property than to have a homicide on your conscience the rest of your life .
But on the rationale that " justifiable homicide " is too narrow a term , pro-gun researchers have attempted to include other worthy categories , like " sudden combat " or " excusable homicides . "
An example is when someone pushes you down , and in the suddenness and confusion of combat you stop thinking and react instinctively , shooting him , even though he meant no further harm and your life was not in danger .
But the FBI reports that only 1.4 percent of all homicides are " excusable . "
Pro-gun criminologist Gary Kleck ( whose figures , as we shall see , are not deemed credible by the rest of the scientific community ) therefore uses the term " Civilian Legal Defensive Homicides " ( or CLDH's ) , a category which includes justifiable and excusable homicide .
Even by his more liberal definition , however , only 7.1 to 12.9 percent of all murders are firearm CLDH's .
( 23 )
This hardly proves that guns are used to kill more in self - defense than in the commission of a crime .
2 ) Adding nonfatal gun defenses .
Fatally shooting an attacker is n't the only way a gun can prevent crime ; wounding him , firing warning shots , or simply waving the gun may do the trick .
How often does this happen ?
Therein lies the controversy .
The most reliable figure comes from the National Crime Victimization Survey ( NCVS ) , one of the nation 's two main methods of measuring crime .
In recent years , incidents where victims have used a gun in one way or another against their robbers or assailants have numbered 70,000 a year .
( 24 ) This is almost three times more than the murder rate of 24,000 , which suggests guns are more beneficial than they are detrimental .
However , that 's not really the right way to look at it .
If it 's nonfatal gun defenses we are considering , then nonfatal crimes must be considered as well .
And , again , those 70,000 nonfatal gun defenses formed only 1 percent of the total robberies and assaults performed each year .
( 25 ) In 1993 , 1.3 million of these crimes involved guns .
In other words , guns are 19 times more likely to be used in a nonfatal crime than a nonfatal defense .
Kleck and others have criticized the NCVS for undercounting the number of times victims use guns against their attackers .
Kleck himself surveyed 4,979 households , and his results project that there were 2.4 million gun defenses in 1992 , 1.9 million of them with handguns .
About 72 % of these gun defenses occurred in or near the home .
( 26 ) If his results are credible , then guns protect far more than they are used in crime , and arguably have social utility .
Should Kleck 's figures be regarded as more accurate than the NCVS ?
To those familiar with both , the answer is a resounding no .
The NCVS is the nation 's second largest on - going survey .
It questions 59,000 households twice a year , and has been in operation for over 20 years .
It employs state - of - the - art methodology , with some of the nation 's finest statisticians constantly refining and testing the validity of its results .
Most of the surveys are conducted over the phone , and it has a 97 percent participation rate .
A respondent 's anonymity is also guaranteed by law .
Unfortunately , its survey results often describe a world quite different from some people 's political beliefs , so the NCVS is regularly blasted as " untrustworthy , " " inept , " " ideologically driven , " etc .
By comparison , Kleck 's survey was 12 times smaller , and not conducted by any nationally known survey organization .
His sample appears to have concentrated on urban men from the South and West , populations which identify most closely with America 's gun culture .
His projection of 2.4 million gun defenses was based on a mere 54 responses describing incidents of self - defenses with a gun .
The exact nature of these defenses , and how often they occurred per respondent , is unknown .
Why ?
Kleck did not write a paper for more than a year after his survey , and as of 1995 has still not written a technical article for peer review .
Instead , he has hit the publicity circuit , promoting his findings in newspapers , magazines and talk shows .
Ducking peer review is a common method of pseudo - scientists and cranks , one for which there is no valid reason or excuse .
Gun researcher David Hemenway writes of Kleck 's survey :
" His results are not consistent with other private surveys , and differ from the results of the National Crime Victimization Survey by a factor of thirty .
In a radio interview , Kleck seemed to imply that perhaps twenty - nine out of thirty respondents who use a gun in self - defense do not tell the NCVS of this because they either possess or are using the gun illegally .
" Kleck 's numbers imply that in an attempted robbery , the victim is far more likely to use a gun than the perpetrator is to have a gun .
His findings imply that women defend themselves with guns in more than 40 percent of sexual assaults .
His results also indicate that whenever someone is at home during a burglary , even asleep , about 80 percent of the time they are able to get and use a gun for defense , even though only half of all households have a gun
" His results also indicate that some 192,000 offenders were wounded or killed in these self - defense uses of guns .
By comparison , one published study reports the total annual number of nonfatal firearm injuries to be 140,000 .
Kleck speculates that the reason the casualties implied in his study do not show up in the medical data are that most must not have sought medical attention .
Anyway , nothing is yet available that indicates we should place much faith in Kleck 's results . " ( 27 )
Kleck has a history of producing analysis that is roundly rejected by academia .
His earlier estimates of successful gun defenses have differed substantially not only from academic consensus , but from each other -- 340,000 in 1986 , 645,000 in 1988 , and 2.4 million today .
The earlier estimates were based on eight small private surveys that asked a single , vague question about using a gun for protection or self - defense .
These studies failed to question a cross-section of the nation , or determine the nature of the self - defense , or the time period involved .
They failed to distinguish from police and military uses , or uses against humans and animals , or the " self - protection " of a guard who merely wears a sidearm , or even two fighting gangsters who draw their weapons in self - defense .
There is also a question of perception -- in almost all arguments , both parties perceive their behavior as self - defensive .
Even criminals frequently see themselves as the victims of aggression .
A National Institute of Justice report states : " Among a sample of prisoners , 48 percent of those who fired their guns while committing crimes claimed they did so in self - defense . "
( 28 ) Really , now !
The University of Maryland conducted an academic review of Kleck 's earlier work and found that " Kleck 's conclusions rest on limited data .
Small changes in the procedures would produce large differences in the findings .
The estimates are questionable , and it appears unwise to place much weight on them . " ( 29 )
Until Kleck submits formal research that can be positively appraised by peer review , there is no reason to trust his alleged and highly contradictory findings .
The NCVS remains the most authoritative source on the criminal and defensive uses of guns , and it shows that these weapons are overwhelmingly used more for crime than self - defense .
But much of the controversy over how guns are used overlooks an even more basic issue .
And that is that you cannot credit a disease for its own partial cure .
Even if Kleck could prove that guns were used in 100 million cases of self - defense each year , that still would not prove that guns have social utility , as long as they still drive up the murder rate .
Suppose that our nation , in the name of personal security , started selling everyone vials of the Ebola virus , the horrific and contagious plague that causes agonizing and certain death in a matter of days .
A few unbalanced criminals may use this virus to create plagues that kill 20,000 people a year before containment .
But that 's no problem : supporters have 100 million proven cases , with rock solid documentation , that the counter - threat of Ebola poisoning stopped criminals from further such murder .
Needless to say , we would certainly find it odd if a " National Ebola Association " were to argue that Ebola vials provide social utility and greater security based on these numbers .
Any rational society would simply choose not to hand out vials of Ebola to its population in the first place .
Return to Overview
Endnotes :
1. Brandon S. Centerwall , " Exposure to Television as a Risk Factor for Violence " , American Journal of Epidemiology , ( Vol. 129 , 1989 ) , pp. 643-652 .
2. Huesmann , Rowell L. and Leonard D. Eron. , eds. Television and the Aggressive Child : A Cross -National Comparison .
Hillsdale , NJ : Lawrence Erlbaum , 1986 .
3. U.S. Bureau of the Census , Current Population Reports , Series P60 .
4. P.J. Cook , " The Technology of Personal Violence , " in Michael Tonry , ed. , Crime and Justice : An Annual Review of Research , vol. 14 , ( Chicago : University of Chicago Press , 1991 ) .
5. Josh Sugarmann , " Reverse Fire , " Mother Jones , September 13 , 1995 .
6. Gary Kleck , " Guns and Violence : A Summary of the Field . "
Prepared for delivery at the 1991 Annual Meeting of the American Political Science Association , The Washington Hilton , August 29 through September 1 , 1991 .
Address was a summary of his book , Point Blank : Guns and Violence in America ( Hawthorne : Aldine de Gruyter , 1991 ) .
7. R.L. Ohsfeldt and M.A. Morrisey , " Firearms , firearm injury and gun control : a critical survey of the literature , " Advances in Health Economics and Health Services Research 13 , pp. 65 - 82 , 1992 .
8. Jeffrey A. Roth , " Firearms and Violence , " NIJ Research in Brief , February 1994 , National Institute of Justice .
9. P.J. Cook and M.H. Moore , " Gun Control , " in J.Q. Wilson and J. Petersillia , eds. , Crime ( San Francisco : ICS Press , 1995 ) , pp. 269-94 ; P.J. Cook , " The technology of personal violence , " in Michael Tonry , ed. , Crime and Justice : An Annual Review of Research , vol .
14 ( Chicago : University of Chicago Press , 1991 ) .
10 . Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms ( ATF ) , How Many Guns ?
ATF News Release FY - 91-36 , G.P.O. , Washington , 1991 .
11 . Marianne W. Zawitz ( BJS statistician ) , " Guns Used In Crime " ( NCJ - 148201 ) , Bureau of Justice Statistics .
12 . U.S. Firearms Production 1993 , American Firearms Industry , March 1994 , p. 41 ; and U.S. Firearms Production , American Firearms Industry , January 1995 , p. 74 .
13 . Murder rate : FBI , Crime in the United States , annual .
Firearm sales : National Sporting Goods Association , The Sporting Goods Market in 1994 ( and prior issues ) , based on a sample survey of 80,000 households , excluding Alaska and Hawaii .
Current dollars converted to constant dollars by CPI -U .
14 . Firearms : ATF , June 29 , 1994 ; U.S. Firearms Production , American Firearms Industry , March 1994 , p. 41 ; ATF , February 23 , 1993 ; and U.S. Firearms Production 1993 , American Firearms Industry , January 1995 , p. 74 .
Population : U.S. Bureau of the Census , Current Population Reports , P25 - 1045 and P25 - 1126 .
15 . Zawitz .
16 . FBI , Crime in the United States , 1980 and 1993 .
17 . FBI , Crime in the United States , 1993 .
18 . Violence Policy Center , " Firearm Facts . "
19 .
Advance data from vital and health statistics , no .
242 , National Center for Health Statistics ( NCHS ) .
20 . FBI , Crime in the United States , 1994 , 1995 .
21 . Where We Stand , Michael Wolff , Peter Rutten & Albert F. Bayers III and the World Rank Research Team ( New York : Bantam Books , 1992 ) , pp. 297,289 .
22 . Handgun murders : Handgun Control , Inc. Population Figures : July 1992 count for each country as reported by CIA World Factbook , 1992 .
23 . Kleck , Point Blank , pp. 111-114 .
24 . National Crime Victimization Survey , annual .
25 . Roth .
26 . Gary Kleck , National Self - Defense Survey , Spring , 1993 .
27 . David Hemenway , " Guns , Public Health and Public Safety , " in Dennis Henigan et al. , eds. , Guns and the Constitution ( Northampton , Mass. : Alethia Press , 1995 ) , pp. 63 -64 .
28 . Roth .
29 . D. McDowall and B. Wiersema , " The incidence of civilian defensive firearm use , " Violence Research Group Discussion , Paper 10 , Institute of Criminal Justice and Criminology , University of Maryland .
A British Columbian swimmer returned home triumphant Monday afternoon after a legendary win over superstar Olympian Michael Phelps this weekend in California .
Mission , B.C. , native Brent Hayden beat the 14 - time gold medalist in the 100 metre freestyle event at the Santa Clara US Grand Prix competition Sunday .
Hayden led most of the race , clocking a meet record of 48.44 seconds to win him the gold .
Phelps made a second half charge out of lane eight to win the silver in 48.87 .
Hayden was understandably ecstatic after the meet .
" I was really excited , " he said .
" Michael is such a great competitor and every time I get up and race him it 's such an honour .
I just wanted to get a fast time and 48.44 is my best ever in - season ( training ) time so of course I 'm going to be excited .
" A few years ago at this pool , he beat me on the turn and I did n't want that to happen again ... I had one my stronger turns . "
Hayden 's coach Tom Johnson was equally impressed .
" The level of the field was really strong and Brent rose to the occasion , " Johnson said .
" Anytime you can win a race against Michael Phelps it 's a good thing .
It 's a good indicator and puts him into the mix with just over a month to go before the world championships . "
Hayden , 25 , is currently the Canadian record holder in the 200m , 100 m and 50 m freestyle .
In 2007 , Hayden 's hometown of Mission declared May 26 " Brent Hayden Day . "
Hayden qualified one place ahead of Michael Phelps at the 2008 Beijing Games , but finished out of the finals in the 100 m freestyle .
Phelps went on to win eight gold medals at the Games , making him a world record holder for the most medals at a single Olympics .
Phelps ' win surpassed Mark Spitz 's record of seven golds during the Munich games in 1972 .
With files from The Sports Network
almost
“ In fact , one aide who raised this possibility in the course of trashing Palin ’s mental state to others in the McCain - Palin campaign was Steve Schmidt , ” Kristol wrote .
Asked about the accusation , Schmidt fired back in an email : “ I 'm sure John McCain would be president today if only Bill Kristol had been in charge of the campaign . ”
“ After all , his management of [ former Vice President ]
Dan Quayle ’s public image as his chief of staff is still something that takes your breath away , ” Schmidt continued .
“ His attack on me is categorically false . ”
Asked directly in a telephone interview if he brought up the prospect of Palin suffering from post - partum depression , Schmidt said : “ His allegation that I was defaming Palin by alleging post - partum depression at the campaign headquarters is categorically untrue .
In fact , I think it rises to the level of a slander because it ’s about the worst thing you can say about somebody who does what I do for a living . ”
But Kristol ’s charge was seconded by Randy Scheunemann , a longtime foreign policy adviser to McCain who is also close to the Standard editor and was thought to be a Palin ally within the campaign .
“ Steve Schmidt has a congenital aversion to the truth , ” Scheunemann said .
“ On two separate and distinct occasions , he speculated about about Governor Palin having post - partum depression , and on the second he threatened that if more negative publicity about the handling of Governor Palin emerged that he would leak his speculation [ about post - partum depression ] to the press .
It was like meeting Tony Soprano . ”
Schmidt said Scheunemann ’s charges were “ categorically untrue . ”
“ It is inappropriate for me to discuss personnel issues from the campaign , ” Schmidt continued .
“ But suffice it to say Randy is saying these things not because they ’re true but because he wants to damage my reputation because of consequences he faced for actions he took . ”
Schmidt is alluding , without saying so directly , to the stories that emerged after the campaign that Scheunemann had been fired ...
Schmidt unloaded in a lengthy telephone interview , suggesting that Kristol was carrying out a personal vendetta based out of anger over the attempt to fire Scheunemann in the final days of the campaign .
In doing so , Schmidt revealed what has been whispered about for months following the campaign : that he and another top aide had ordered a leak hunt in the campaign ’s internal email system .
“ What this is about is a personal issue that happened late in the campaign relating to a close , personal friend of Bill Kristol and people at the Weekly Standard , ” Schmidt said , refusing to use Scheunemann ’s name .
“ At the end of the campaign there were a series of leaks that were so damaging that it was consuming the 24 - hour cable news cycle .
Leaks to reporters where Sarah Palin was called all manner of names .
[ McCain senior adviser ]
Rick Davis and I jointly felt that was outrageous .
So we made an attempt for the first time in the campaign to try to ID who was leaking information that was so damaging and demoralizing to a campaign that was in very difficult circumstances , ” Schmidt said , noting that an IT professional executed a system - wide search by keyword .
“ What was discovered was an email from a very senior staff member to Bill Kristol that then entered into the news current and continued the negative in - fighting stories for an additional news cycle .
I recommended tough medicine for that individual that was carried out , ” Schmidt said , again referring to Scheunemann .
“ Bill Kristol might not have liked that decision , and he might be mad about what happened to his friend , but going all the way back he has been a part of this story and I ’ve preserved his confidentiality in that until now .
But his use of his public forums to take a personal fight and make character attacks is just simply dishonest and wrong . ”
Scheunemann , confirming that his email had been searched , accused Schmidt of “ acting in a manner of Iranian secret police ” in going to his account .
[ I]t was all a lie , and a particularly bad one .
At the time , it was easy to see that Lieberman 's election - year rhetoric on health care was just as mendacious on its face as his claim that " no one wants to end the war in Iraq more than I do " , or his promise to help Barack Obama " reach to the stars " , or his vow that he would help " elect a Democratic president in 2008 " and that it was his primary opponent who would " frustrate and defeat our hopes of doing that " .
Now , in 2009 , on the cusp of a 60 - seat Senate majority and at a
now - or - never moment on heath care reform , Democrats have the old Joe to deal with once again :
" If we create a public option , the public is going to end up
paying for it , " Lieberman said following an hour - long confab with public - health experts at the Ashmun Street community center of the Monterey Homes public housing complex .
" That 's a cost we can't take on . " ...
Lieberman hopes to help do that through the work of an informal ,
but busy , bipartisan group he formed last year with Republican U.S. Sen.
Lamar Alexander [ like Lieberman , an entirely owned subsidiary of the Medical - Industrial Complex ] ...
That common ground , in Lieberman 's view , has no room for the public option .
Just six months removed from being saved by political irrelevancy by President Obama , Joe Lieberman has declared that he is now working to kill Obama 's health care plan .... almost exactly 15 years after he helped kill Clinton's .
They 're in bed with the same greed - obsessed corporate predators as the Republicans and half of them are , at best , just paying lip - service to wanting to serve the interests of average American working families .
Like the Republicans , Democratic elected officials seem so preoccupied with their own career trajectories that their constituents ' come way down the priority list -- down ... and only just before an election .
That 's what makes the House of Representatives marginally better than the House of Lords -- in the lower House an election is almost always right around the corner ; the Lords do n't have to face the voters for 6 years after being elected or re-elected and even then , the costs of a statewide run by a challenger are so prohibitive that , so long as the incumbent has n't pissed off all the corporate CEOs , he or she is sure to outraise any opponent fool - hearty enough to give it a try .
Onany bread and butter issue , if a Democratic member of Congress is n't on the same side as Independent Bernie Sanders of Vermont , you can feel safe to bet that he 's earning his keep from his corporate financiers -- or in the cases of contemptible sleaze like Blanche Lincoln , Mary Landrieu and Kay Hagan -- earningkeep fromcorporate financiers .
Democrats now have 60 votes in the House of Lords -- just what they need to stop any of the knee jerk Republican filibusters which come automatically every single time a Democrat proposes something that actually does try to better the lot of working families .
But it is n't thethey need to worry about -- it 's the corporate tools , the ultimate bipartisan Insider coalition determined to uphold the status quo .
And along with every single Republican , that coalition can claim the loyalty of putative Democrats like Ben Nelson , Joe Lieberman , Tom Carper , Michael Bennet , Arlen Specter , Blanche Lincoln , Max Baucus , Evan Bayh , Mary Landrieu , Kay Hagan , Mark Pryor ... enough , with the help of one or two wafflers like Mark Begich , Claire McCaskill , Mark Udall , Kent Conrad and Tim Johnson , to water down -- if not utterly obliterate -- every single change initiative Obama ( or the House ) could possible throw their way .
Yes , the Democratic Party is very lucky .
They can get away with venality , incompetence , dishonesty , cowardice and all their other trademark qualities because , no matter how you slice it and no matter how you dice it , the Republicans are even more venal , less competent , far more dishonest , just as cowardly and weighted down with a whole grab bag of other heinous qualities ( see graphic above ) that only serve to make the Democrats look like a quasi- attractive alternative .
Before he met his Argentine honey , the right - wing fanatic governor of South Carolina would go away with male buddies and " blow off steam " by picking up random women -- but he never went beyond a quickie blow job until he met the Argentine in Uruguay .
The only thing that 's keeping him in office now is that the South Carolina GOP does n't want a gay governor -- not even a closeted one who charms little old ladies who think he 's " a devil - may - care bachelor . "
It is n't even just the legendary GOP backstabbing as much as it is their well earned spate of bad luck .
It 's pretty much all covered in these paragraphs from today ' sthough -- an example of why the Democrats manage to thrive , primarily a function of any reasonable alternative -- and it starts with GOP extreme right propagandist William Kristol in the pages of a Republican Party throw away he edits : Yeah , Tony Soprano and the Iranian secret police : today 's Republican Party .
Just add in the dirty sex .
All that remains to be answered is why -- oh why -- a real working - family political party has n't emerged to balance the class war being waged by the aristocratically - entitled -- and programmed -- zombies of corporate management against the rest of us .
You see this kind of thing has nothing whatsoever to do withDemocrats , only with the Inside the Beltway variety .
If you hate working families , why not just join the GOP , whose entire ideological basis is built on that ?
But , noooooo ...
Democrats have to get stuck with vampires like Joe Lieberman -- who , bolstered by Inside the Beltway shitheads ( like you know who ) just refuse to die -- and the 19 putative Democrats who announced they will oppose the public plan unless it becomes an anti-choice bill .
We 'll come back to that in a moment .
First , Lieberputz .
Charles Monaco compares him to " a mutant cicada funded by the insurance industry " and reminds us that " Lieberman emerges every 15 years or so to help kill health care .
This year is no different than 1994 , when CT progressives descended on Lieberman in DC to protest him on health care , even though three years ago he promised CT voters he would do a better job of getting them universal health care than Ned Lamont would .
Now , surprise ! , he 's leading the fight against the public option .
I 'm in Asia right now and Jane Hamsher is in Sweden .
When I woke up this morning she had sent me a piece in thetalking about 19 of the worst reactionary Democrats in Congress telling Speaker Pelosi that they will oppose health care legislation " unless it explicitly excludes abortion funding from the scope of any government - defined or subsidized health insurance plan . "
Please remember these names and keep in mind that when you donate to the DCCC part of your money goes towards supporting some of them , namely far right anti-family fanatics Travis Childers , Bobby Bright , Steve Driehaus , and Kathleen Dahlkemper , all of whom would likely fail to win re-election without massive financial help from unsuspecting Democrats from around the country who donate to the DCCC thinking they are promoting a progressive agenda , never suspecting they are supporting corrupt , anti-family Democrats who vote with the GOP again and again .
Dan Boren ( Blue Dog - OK ) Bart Stupak ( D - MI ) Colin Peterson ( Blue Dog-MN ; Tim Holden ( Blue Dog - PA ) Travis Childers ( Blue Dog - MS ) Lincoln Davis ( Blue Dog - TN ) Rahm Emanuel 's greatest hit , Heath Shuler ( Blue Dog - NC ) Solomon Ortiz ( D - TX ) Mike McIntyre ( Blue Dog -NC ) Jerry Costello ( D - IL ) Gene Taylor ( Blue Dog - MS ) James Oberstar ( D - MNBobby Bright ( Blue Dog - AL ) Steve Driehaus ( D - OH ) Marcy Kaptur ( D - OH ) [ consider giving her a pass on this because she 's so good on everything else ]
Charlie Melancon ( Blue Dog - LA ) John Murtha ( super corrupt D - PA ) ; Paul Kanjorski ( super corrupt D- PAKathleen Dahlkemper ( D - PA )
Labels : Culture of Corruption , Lieberman , Randy Scheunemann , reactionary Democrats , Steve Schmidt , William Kristol
Favorite Flowers for Drying and How to Dry Them
As I go through the gardening season I like to plan ahead to fall and winter so I can have a supply of dried flowers .
There are many good plants for drying in my garden but I have to catch them at the right time so I can harvest them at their best .
I like quick simple methods of drying that will be easy for me to accomplish at a time when I like to spend most of my day in the garden .
Here are some tips on flowers that dry well , how to harvest them , and on easy methods of drying them .
Most garden flowers should be harvested in the morning after the dew dries and when the flowers first open .
Some flowers are best pressed ; I use one of my many underused phone books .
I put a couple of volumes of my encyclopedia on top to increase the weight and pressure .
Others dry best when they are hung upside down in a dark , dry , well ventilated place .
A few plants require virtually nothing special ; they will dry standing upright in a vase .
In general , I find that I am disappointed in most white flowers as they often turn tan and show flaws more starkly ( but hydrangeas are a major exception . )
Dark flowers tend to get darker and can look black ( especially true of red roses ) .
Here are some of my favorite flowers ( and seed pods ) for drying with the methods that works best .
Phonebook Drying ( Newspaper works too but phonebooks are neater )
As the pansies , cornflowers , and larkspur get lanky I pull off the individual flowers and put them in the pages of a phone book .
The larkspur can also be dried by the hanging method but shatter easily so I tend to use the few flowers I have in small projects rather than arrangements .
Other flowers that dry well this way are astilbes , coral bells , Lady ’s Mantle and columbine .
As I do this I look around for attractive leaves to dry this way ; fern , columbine , rose ( especially the leaves of R. rugosa ) , and both red and green Japanese maple ( the more dissection the better ) .
I look for interesting form and color and avoid thick fleshy leaves .
Drying by Hanging
Cockscomb , yarrow , roses , lavender , and Bells of Ireland are best stripped of foliage and hung in bunches in a dry , dark , well ventilated place .
Use rubber bands to secure the clumps , and hang them from hangers , hooks , clothes bars , or on a wooden laundry dryer .
Strawflowers and globe amaranth have very weak stems and if you are going to use them in arrangements you may want to wire them .
To do so , cut the stems off at 1 ” and insert a 6 - 8 ” long piece of 22 - 23 gauge wire into ( but not through ) the flower head along side the remaining stem .
The flower will grip the wire as it dries .
Once they are dry , you can tape the wires with brown or green florist tape .
For best results with strawflowers harvest and wire them when only a couple of rows of petals are out .
Strawflowers and globe amaranth can be used in craft projects where they are glued to a surface and so do n’t need to be wired .
Dry Upright
Grasses , baby ’s breath , allium seed heads , Chinese lanterns , statice , globe thistles and hydrangea blossoms dry well upright in a vase with or without water .
Alternatively , you can insert the leafless stems through the whole of a piece of hardware cloth elevated of the ground .
The trick with hydrangeas is to wait until the flowers age a bit and produce enough structural material to keep their shape .
This stage is usually accompanied by a slight change in color from off white to green and then pink and burgundy in the South ; in cooler climates flowers turn shades of blue and purple .
This usually occurs in late summer or early fall so wait until then to harvest and dry hydrangeas .
There are several other ways to dry flowers but they take more time and have more variable results .
I find these flowers and techniques give me enough dried flowers in fall to meet my needs so I am satisfied with these simple methods .
I have used silica gel , microwave oven , and cornmeal with good results but they are much more time consuming .
If you want to make dried arrangements this fall with minimal effort and time , give these ideas a try .
Every week , millions of people buy lottery tickets in the hope that this week , finally , it will be their turn to win big .
But is being a lottery millionaire all it is made out to be ?
Not according to this sorry bunch ...
Engineers have developed a technique that saves energy and servicing costs by indicating when air conditioners are low on refrigerant , preventing the units from working overtime .
The new " virtual refrigerant charge sensor " is particularly practical for automotive air conditioners , which tend to leak refrigerant more than other types of units , and also for household central air conditioning units , said James Braun , a professor of mechanical engineering .
Maintaining the proper " charge , " or amount of refrigerant in a system , saves energy because air conditioners low on refrigerant must operate longer to achieve the same degree of cooling as properly charged units .
" Not only does the energy efficiency go down , but you also reduce the lifetime of the unit because it has to work harder , causing parts to wear out faster , " Braun said .
" It 's also very time consuming and costly to have a technician check the refrigerant and charge it up to specification .
To accurately learn how much charge is in the system , you have to remove all of the refrigerant and weigh it , a procedure that requires a vacuum pump and is quite time consuming . "
The new alternative works by using sensors to monitor the temperature of refrigerant at various points along the tubing in an air - conditioning unit .
The technique is easy to use because the sensors are simply attached to the outside of the tubing , Braun said .
Researchers tested the system on various types of air conditioners running on conventional refrigerants , including R - 22 and the more environmentally friendly R - 410A , which is replacing R - 22 in the latest units .
The research has been funded by the California Energy Commission through its Public Interest Energy Research , or PIER , program .
advertisement
Findings are detailed in a research paper presented June 22 during a meeting of the American Society of Heating , Refrigerating and Air Conditioning Engineers in Louisville , Ky .
The technique also was described in a paper published in the journal HVAC&R Research .
The paper was written by Braun and former mechanical engineering doctoral student Haorong Li , who is now an assistant professor of architectural engineering at the University of Nebraska .
Another research project at Purdue is nearing completion and has involved a more extensive evaluation of the virtual charge sensor .
The project , also funded through California 's PIER program , has been led by graduate student Woohyun Kim .
Purdue has applied for a patent on the technique , developed in research based at the university 's Ray W. Herrick Laboratories .
Li and Braun created a software algorithm that interprets temperature - sensor data to estimate the amount of refrigerant in the system .
The four sensors are attached to tubing running into and out of components called heat exchangers .
In air conditioning and refrigeration systems , liquid refrigerant evaporates in a heat exchanger called an evaporator , cooling the air .
The refrigerant vapor turns back into a liquid in another heat exchanger called a condenser .
During these evaporation and condensing steps , the refrigerant undergoes dramatic temperature changes .
Automotive air conditioning units equipped with the new refrigerant - charge system could activate a warning light on a car 's dashboard .
Technicians servicing home air conditioners might simply plug a personal digital assistant into the unit to read the refrigerant - charge information , Braun said .
Researchers began developing the technique four years ago .
" The method could be commercialized if a company invested some time in the implementation side , " Braun said .
The Surprising Benefits of Honey
Throughout history honey has been considered a food with unparalleled nutritional and physical benefits .
For over 10,000 years ( and maybe more ) honey has been used as a staple food and as a medicine .
This deliciously sweet substance is one of the few foods that can actually sustain human life all by itself .
If you ’re not already storing honey as part of your survival strategy , learning about all the surprising benefits of honey ought to convince you to start .
Storage
Honey lasts forever ; if stored properly you will never need to worry about your honey going bad , forget about FIFO with honey .
There was actually edible honey discovered in the pharaoh ’s tomb in Egypt .
It is also a healthy substitute for sugar that contains no fats or cholesterol .
My honey is hard and crystallized !
Not to worry , if your honey has become crystallized all you need to do is heat it to return it back to normal .
Or if you like , turn it into mead !
Health
Skin
Honey is great for overall skin health and can even help to reduce wrinkles and nourish the skin .
Antibacterial
Honey has been used as an antiseptic for years , it was even one of the most popular treatments for wounds in the First World War .
Recent science has explained to us why honey is such an effective antibacterial agent .
“ One New Zealand researcher says a particular type of honey may be useful in treating MRSA infections .
Antibacterial properties of honey are the result of the low water activity causing osmosis , hydrogen peroxide effect , and high acidity . “
Wounds
Honey has also been shown to reduce odor , swelling and scarring when used to treat wounds , aside from its antibacterial effects .
Stomach Ache
Got a stomach ache ?
No problem , mix one teaspoon of honey with a hot glass of water , squeeze in about half a lemon and your stomach ache should go away .
Pink Eye
While it has only been proven in rats , honey was considered an effective treatment for conjunctivitis .
Allergies
Folk medicine suggests that taking local honey will help your allergies because you gain a tolerance to local pollens .
Recent studies suggest that while it does n’t help by eliminating allergies it helps reduce allergies .
“ a recent study has shown pollen collected by bees to exert an anti allergenic effect , mediated by an inhibition of IgE immunoglobulin binding to mast cells .
This inhibited mast cell degranulation and thus reduced allergic reaction . ”
Coughs
Honey coats the throat , making it great for a sore throat .
To cure your sore throat simply take about 1 teaspoon of honey and let it slowly trickle down your throat .
Burns
Honey is also great for burns since it removes the pain and helps aid in the healing process .
Colitis
Honey is shown to reduce the damage done to the colon in Colitis .
Insomnia
Some studies suggest that honey can also help with various nervous disorders such as insomnia .
If you ca n’t sleep , mix 1 teaspoon of honey into a warm glass of water and enjoy a good night ’s sleep .
** Because of the spores contained in honey , infants under the age of 1 year cannot consume it .
While it ’s fine for older children and adults , infants under 1 year can contract botulism from honey
Some Great Books about the Benefits of Honey :
Honey : The Gourmet Medicine
The Honey Prescription : The Amazing Power of Honey as Medicine
Honey : Nature ’s wonder ingredient : 100 amazing and unexpected uses from natural healing to beauty .
References
Wikipedia
Wolfram Alfa – Computational Knowledge Engine
National Honey Board
Natural News – Honey Article
Leaf Lady
Honey As Medicine
An Oklahoma City homeowner on Tuesday shot and killed an intruder he found inside his house during his lunch break , police said .
Scott Henson saw a blue pickup in his driveway at 2200 SW 57 when he made his daily trip home for lunch , said his wife , Delores Henson .
" Apparently , there was someone inside the house , ” Delores Henson said .
" So he ( Scott ) shot and killed him .
... I do n’t know if he had to defend himself or what . ”
Scott Henson pulled out a handgun and shot the intruder about 11:30 a.m. , police Master Sgt. Gary Knight said .
Knight and Delores Henson said they did n’t know if the intruder , whose identity was not released , had a weapon .
Delores Henson said her husband has a license to carry a concealed weapon .
She was at work when Scott Henson called .
" He just called and said he had shot somebody , that was it , ” she said .
A neighbor , Daryl Kindrick , said he has lived in the neighborhood 20 years and there have been a number of home burglaries over the years .
" I ’ve been robbed twice , ” Kindrick said .
" It does n’t surprise me .
It ’s a shame someone got hurt . ”
Mr Nagin is on a 10 - day trip to China and Australia
New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin is being held in a Shanghai hotel , after a passenger on his flight from the US fell ill with suspected swine flu .
Mr Nagin 's office confirmed the quarantine of the mayor , his wife Seletha , and a security guard .
They were on a 10 - day trip to China and Australia aimed at promoting business to his city .
The World Health Organization says the flu strain , found in 64 countries , is most prevalent in North America .
New Orleans city officials told US media the Nagins had no symptoms and were being held as a precaution only .
They were seated during their flight near a passenger who showed " signs and symptoms of an influenza - like illness suspected to be of the H1N1 subtype " .
There was no word on how long the Nagins would be held .
They were to travel next to Australia .
Chinese health authorities confirmed eight cases of H1N1 swine flu on Sunday , bringing total confirmed infections on the mainland to 80 .
There have been no reports of deaths from H1N1 flu in China .
Among nearly 19,000 infections worldwide , 117 people have died .
Almost 2,000 cruise ship passengers at the centre of Australia 's swine flu outbreak were cleared and allowed out of quarantine in Sydney last week .
The second Palestine Festival of Literature will take place from 23 - 28 May 2009 .
Because of the difficulties Palestinians face under military occupation in traveling around their own country , the festival group of 17 international writers will travel to its audiences in the West Bank .
It will tour Ramallah , Jenin , al - Khalil / Hebron and Bethlehem .
To mark Jerusalem ’s status as Cultural Capital of the Arab World for 2009 , the festival will begin and end in Jerusalem .
Michael Palin will be taking part in the festival this year together with Suad Amiry , Victoria Brittain , Carmen Callil , Abdulrazak Gurnah , Suheir Hammad , Nathalie Handal , Jeremy Harding , Rachel Holmes , Robin Yassin - Kassab , Brigid Keenan , Jamal Mahjoub , Henning Mankell ( accompanied by his wife , Eva Bergman ) , Deborah Moggach , Claire Messud , Alexandra Pringle , Pru Rowlandson , Raja Shehadeh , Ahdaf Soueif and M G Vassanji .
The inaugural Palestine Festival of Literature in 2008 traveled to Jerusalem , Ramallah and Bethlehem reaching audiences of thousands .
Author Andrew O’Hagan , who was involved in the 2008 festival , said :
“ I had come as one of the writers attending the first ever Palestine Festival of Literature .
Thousands of people turned out : they wanted to believe that Palestine is not just a cause but also a culture and a country , a place not simply for stone - throwing but for ideas and for modernity . ”
Chair and Founder of PALFEST , Ahdaf Soueif said : “ We were overwhelmed by the responses of both our audience and our authors last year ; so we ca n’t wait to go back .
We found that Palestinian cities — even in the extraordinarily cruel circumstances in which they find themselves — manage to produce brilliant art and top class education .
PALFEST aims to help them carry on doing that . ”
The Palestine Festival of Literature was inspired by the call of the late great Palestinian thinker , Edward Said , to “ reaffirm the power of culture over the culture of power . ”
The Festival Patrons are Chinua Achebe , John Berger , ( the late ) Mahmoud Darwish , Seamus Heaney and ( the late ) Harold Pinter .
PALFEST 09 is organized in Cooperation with Yabous Productions , and in partnership with the British Council .
Sandra Hamrouni , British Council , Director , Palestinian Territories said :
“ PALFEST is a remarkable initiative with great reach to bring people together through creativity and shared experience .
The British Council is pleased to support the Festival for the second year running , as part of the legacy of our New Writing Project which aims to create relationships and opportunities for collaboration between writers , readers , publishers and translators , in the Arab world and the UK . ”
Rania Elias , Director , Yabous Productions Festival , said :
“ Palestinian life is jailed behind barriers , held up at checkpoints , but it insists on being part of the wider world ; this is why the Palestine International Festival of Literature enjoyed packed houses last year .
Yabous is delighted to be PALFEST ’s Palestinian partners for this year here in Jerusalem , the capital of Arab culture for 2009 . ”
Related Links
PRAGUE , June 15 ( Reuters ) - The European Union protested against reported executions in Iraq on Monday and called on Baghdad to resume a moratorium on the death penalty .
" The European Union is deeply disturbed at reports that in recent days further death sentences were carried out in Iraq , probably totalling number 20 , " the Czech EU presidency said .
" Moreover , the European Union is severely alarmed about indications that further mass executions might be imminent , " the EU said in a statement .
The presidency did not specify which executions it referred to .
A Czech official told Reuters that EU diplomatic sources in Baghdad had information of recent executions but gave no details .
Baghdad reintroduced the death penalty in 2004 after it was suspended following the U.S. - led invasion a year earlier and has been conducting executions regardless of numerous calls from the international community to suspend them .
Rights groups have warned trials ending in death sentences are often poorly conducted .
" The EU ... urges the government of Iraq to resume the de facto suspension of the execution of death penalty , which had been observed in Iraq since August 2007 , pending legal abolition , " the Czech presidency statement said .
" This suspension should include all cases still on death row in Iraq . "
The United Nations urged Baghdad in May to reconsider its resumption of the death penalty , saying Iraq 's justice system was not conducting fair trials .
Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki said on May 31 that former members of Saddam Hussein 's government on trial for ordering poison gas attacks on Kurdish villages will be executed if found guilty .
( Reporting by Jana Mlcochova ; Editing by Louise Ireland )
Iran 's protesters now have a powerful martyr , said Robin Wright in Time .
" Gruesomely captivating video of a young woman " identified as " Neda " swept YouTube , Twitter , Facebook , and other websites over the weekend .
( watch the video of Neda 's death — warning : extremely graphic and disturbing ) Neda is a symbol of the pro-democracy uprising now , and the traditional Shiite Muslim observances of her martyrdom could galvanize the movement .
" Her death may have changed everything . "
" There 's no way to be sure , " said Ulrike Putz in Der Spiegel , that the 40 - second video really shows the death of a young demonstrator , Neda Agha Soltan , who was shot in the heart by a Basij militia member .
Like all the tweets and images streaming out of Iran , " it is impossible to verify its authenticity . "
But the Neda video is everywhere , so — authentic or not — it could change history the way photos of the Shah 's troops shooting unarmed demonstrators did in 1979 .
Like the man standing in front of a tank in Tiananmen Square , said Gawker , the Neda video " is destined to become the image that few of us who saw / see it will ever forget . "
But there 's no guarantee that Neda Agha Soltan 's death will " galvanize the Iranian revolutionaries . "
This tragedy might just " scare enough of them into submission " to allow the government to get away with rigging the election to keep President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in office .
modedit : brought my office 's DSL connection to its knees ; converted images into gallery
-un13 It 's done !
As of April 24 , after two years of painting and changing / adding parts to make it match the 1993 Sahara , it 's finally done !
TODO : FIX GAL IMAGESSince it did well on many many other forums like SA and NASIOC , I hereby share with you .... my story .
Long story .
Bear with me .
Or read this and skip to the pictures !
http://forums.nasioc.com/forums/showthr … ?t=1254710 Back in 2005 at a midnight showing of Ghostbusters , I started joking to my friend Will about how funny it would be to run out of a place like the Stanley Hotel or some large building in ghostbuster uniforms , carrying smoking ghost traps , handing the manager a bill for $ 5000 , and running away .
Of course , we 'd record the whole thing and put it on the internet .
Will laughed and said he knew how to build proton packs .
I owned a white Subaru Outback at the time and I told him that if he built the packs , I 'd convert my car .
Flash forward nearly a year .
My friends Austin and Will and I are talking about doing something spectacular for Halloween .
We decide to go with the Ghostbusters idea .
In June I start researching lightbar laws , construction costs , and ways to convert my car temporarily , with nothing permanent .
By September 22 I have completed the first iteration of my Ectomobile .
We roll it out and people start going crazy .
It 's on the cover of the local newspaper , radio djs are trying to find out who we are , and the general public thinks we 're real ghostbusters .
I decide to keep the car , as it's ridiculously popular and enjoyed wherever it goes .
Flash forward to this spring .
My buddy Ben is driving around his uncles 1970s Land Rover , and I suddenly realize I have a strong desire for and open - top , 4 - wheel drive car .
It occurs to me that if I buy a jeep , I could easily repaint it as one of the Jurassic Park jeeps , thus restarting the cycle and creating a new movie car for the masses to drool over .
And so the story begins .
In June I started searching ebay , craigslist , cars.com , and many other sites for 1990s - era jeep Wrangler .
I find a white 1990 for about $ 4000 .
I needed to turn this : TODO : FIX GAL IMAGESinto this : TODO : FIX GAL IMAGESAll
I had to do was swap out the rollcage for the right shape , bolt on the correct side steps , replace the wheels , seats , and repaint it .
In early July we start stripping the paint , pulling the car apart , and prepping it to be repainted .
TODO : FIX GAL IMAGESWe eventually took it all the way down to bare metal .
I am guessing that one of the previous owners had rolled the jeep because there was extensive body damage to both sides , both rear corners , and the original color of the drivers door was actually red .
We had to pull out all the bad body work and re-bondo everything .
TODO : FIX GAL IMAGESMasking for the stripes ... TODO : FIX GAL IMAGESStriped !
Replaced the windshield , pulled out all the carpet and rhino - coated the entire interior , that way I can just hose it out whenever I want .
TODO : FIX GAL IMAGESRefinished the front bumper and attached the corner horns .
TODO : FIX GAL IMAGESRestored and painted the side mirrors .
TODO : FIX GAL IMAGESReplaced every light , lense , hinge , bolt , grill , and rubber seal on the car .
TODO : FIX GAL IMAGESFound a rollcage at a Denver junkyard that would fit .
TODO : FIX GAL IMAGESFound sidesteps at the same junkyardTODO : FIX GAL IMAGESSold off the old tires and rims , and replaced them with stock wheels and brand - new BF Goodrich tires .
TODO : FIX GAL IMAGESMounted spare tire and restored rear bumper and undercarriage .
TODO : FIX GAL IMAGESOrdered graphics ... lots of graphics !
TODO : FIX GAL IMAGESReplaced the old interior speakers ... good lord they were gross .
TODO : FIX GAL IMAGESApplied graphics .
The side 18s were originally reflective , I have since had them replaced with decals that are a flat gray .
TODO : FIX GAL IMAGESWith the Ecto at night .
TODO : FIX GAL IMAGESInstalled foglights , and took an ironic picture !
TODO : FIX GAL IMAGESGot seats from a 1992 Sahara and installed them .
TODO : FIX GAL IMAGESInternet meme , anyone ?
TODO : FIX GAL IMAGESMounted rollcage and cb antenna .
TODO : FIX GAL IMAGESAround this time I started scrambling to have the car ready to be on display at the Nan Desu Kan convention in Denver .
I was working on making a set of props to go with the car , a makeshift pelican case and a weapons / survival kit like the one used in the movie .
I bought an $ 8 gun case from wal - mart and filled it with deactivated grenades , signal flares , and a flashlight .
TODO : FIX GAL IMAGESI had a large InGen logo made and stuck on the gun case , and I also had a set of these made up , one of which ended up on the windshield as sort of an easter egg .
TODO : FIX GAL IMAGESOn the day of the con , Shauna and Ben helped me mount the fender flares .
I replaced the sun visors as well , now featuring InGen embelms .
The jeep was finally ' complete ' !
Granted , TODO : FIX GAL IMAGESOn the way to the con I picked up my license plates from ActionSigns and a set of windshield wiper arms from Mike at NAPA .
Upon arriving in Denver , I talked to the executive director of the convention and the head of security for the DTC Marriott .
They gave me permission to put the jeep up on the grass and let me park the Ecto in front of the main entrance .
Both cars were incredibly popular !
TODO : FIX GAL IMAGESMy crown jewel of the con , getting the cars in a picture with this guy !
TODO : FIX GAL IMAGESSince then there have been many many more little adventures with this car ... TODO : FIX GAL IMAGESWhaddaya think ?
The dogs died at the police headquarters at Sherwood Lodge
A police officer is to face prosecution over the deaths of two police dogs in Nottinghamshire , BBC News has learned .
The German shepherd dogs were found dead in a private vehicle outside Nottinghamshire Police 's headquarters on 30 June .
Legal proceedings will be brought against an officer for allegedly causing unnecessary suffering to the animals , the RSPCA confirmed .
Nottinghamshire Police confirmed the officer has been suspended .
A police spokesperson said : " Following a review of the circumstances into the deaths of two police dogs , Nottinghamshire Police has taken the decision to suspend the police officer involved .
" An internal inquiry is also continuing . "
The Met Office said it reached 28.1C ( 82.5 F ) in Nottingham on 30 June .
The RSPCA has said the force reported the incident to them on the day it happened and had co-operated with the charity in the investigation .
Anyone convicted of causing unnecessary suffering to an animal could face up to six months in prison and a £ 20,000 fine .
Public Employees for Environmental Responsibility News Release ( www.peer.org)
For Immediate Release : June 25 , 2009
Contact : Carol Goldberg
ONE - THIRD OF WILDLIFE REFUGES USE GM CROPS IN SOUTHEAST - Genetically Modified Seeds Okayed by Obama Fish & Wildlife Service Director Pick Hamilton
Washington , DC - One - third of National Wildlife Refuges in the Southeast U.S. are growing genetically modified crops with approval from the official tapped by the Obama White House to head the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service , according to agency records obtained today by Public Employees for Environmental Responsibility ( PEER ) .
Planting GM crops on a wildlife refuge is illegal without full prior environmental and public review under a federal court ruling won by PEER and allied groups last year , but none of the Southeastern refuges have undertaken the required reviews .
National wildlife refuges have allowed farming for decades in order to help prepare seed beds for native habitat such as grasslands and provide food for migratory birds and other wildlife .
In recent years , refuge farming programs are being converted to GM crops because that is the seed that farmers can obtain or , in some case , prefer .
Today , almost all the crops being grown on refuges are genetically modified .
By law and policy , these refuges are supposed to be administered to benefit wildlife , not local farmers .
In fact , Fish & Wildlife Service ( FWS ) policy explicitly forbids " genetically modified agricultural crops in refuge management unless we determine their use is essential to accomplishing refuge purpose (s ) " .
By contrast to this policy , in the Southeast Region , headed by Sam Hamilton , named by the Obama administration as its intended nominee to lead the entire FWS , records show 
One in three ( 41 of 128 total refuges ) are growing GM crops ;
No refuge has been denied permission for GM crops ; and
The basis for Hamilton 's Regional Office approval typically cites farmers ' profitability or their preference for GM crops .
" What is supposed to be a last resort exception has become common practice , " stated PEER Executive Direct Jeff Ruch , who obtained copies of all GM crop approvals from the FWS under the Freedom of Information Act .
" Sam Hamilton seems to embrace genetically engineered refuge management with open arms . "
Earlier this year in a lawsuit brought by PEER and other groups , a federal court ordered FWS to stop planting GM crops on its Prime Hook National Wildlife Refuge in Delaware .
The court found that FWS had illegally entered into Cooperative Farming Agreements without doing compatibility determinations required by the National Wildlife Refuge System Administration Act and environmental assessments required by the National Environmental Policy Act .
While the ruling was limited to one refuge , its legal rationale applies to every refuge across the country .
The records obtained by PEER indicated that refuges in Hamilton 's region had not done the legally required reviews .
" The next Director of the Fish & Wildlife Service should have demonstrated both the ability and willingness to follow the very laws that the agency is supposed to administer , " Ruch added .
" Sam Hamilton 's record strongly suggests business as usual will continue at the Fish & Wildlife Service . "
###
See the list of SE refuges growing GM crops
Look at the spread of GM crops across the National Wildlife Refuge System
View U.S. District Court ruling on PEER lawsuit barring GM crops on Prime Hook NWR
Examine Sam Hamilton 's record
Read some of the Southeast Region approvals for GM crops
WASHINGTON
As in all great affairs , Mark Sanford fell in love simultaneously with a woman and himself  with the dashing new version of himself he saw in her molten eyes .
In a weepy , gothic unraveling , the South Carolina governor gave a press conference illustrating how smitten he was , not only with his Argentine amante , but with his own tenderness , his own pathos and his own feminine side .
He got into trouble as a man and tried to get out as a woman .
He wanted to get his girlfriend a DVD of the movie “ The Holiday , ” presumably the Cameron Diaz - Kate Winslet chick flick about two women , one from L.A. and one from England , who trade homes and lives .
He was fantasizing about catapulting himself into an exotic life where stimulus had nothing to do with budgets .
With Maria , he was no longer the penny - pinching millionaire Mark , who used to sleep on a futon in his Congressional office and once treated two congressmen to movie refreshments by bringing back a Coke and three straws .
Open -Mesh offers mesh - network WiFi extension for $ 49
WiFi is great until you start reaching the fringes of your router ’s range , at which point throughput slows to a trickle and you start dreaming of nice , reliable ethernet cables .
Happily there ’s an alternative to snaking CAT - 5 around your skirting boards ; Open - Mesh makes Mini-Routers that , when plugged in and registered , automatically create a mesh - network and thus boost your WiFi coverage .
Mesh networking is one of the more interesting elements of the OLPC XO - 1 notebook .
Since it ’s intended to be used in areas where standard network infrastructure is patchy at best , the XO - 1 can form an ad - hoc mesh by linking with other XO - 1’s .
That way internet data is passed between notebooks and spread out from the original connection , without needing to install cables or even WiFi repeaters .
Of course , even if your plans are slightly less ambitious ( or less altruistic ) than that of the OLPC project , the Open - Mesh Mini-Router could still come in handy : extending WiFi coverage down to an outhouse or guesthouse , perhaps , or quickly boosting connectivity in a bedroom far from the router .
Two networks can run concurrently , one open ( for guests ) and the other WPA secured ( for your own use ) .
There ’s a variety of bandwidth throttling and firewall options , and by plugging a non-wireless device into the ethernet port that can get online too .
The Mini-Router is available now , priced at $ 49 for one ; or , if you want 20 of them , $ 799 ( which works out to $ 39.95 each ) .
Alternatively , since it ’s all based on an open - source project called ROBIN , you can flash a compatible router yourself should you be feeling technical .
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE -----
Hash : SHA1 I2P release 0.7.4 =====================
I2P version 0.7.4 introduces notable new features like GeoIP capability and UPnP support .
While the former can become a basis for geographically aware tunnel - building , the latter should immediately enable more routers to accept inbound TCP connections , helping distribute workload more evenly .
Inbound NTCP is now enabled automaticaly if the router does not appear firewalled , and default bandwidth limits for new installations are increased .
In addition , multiple bugfixes and updates are included , addressing issues with the NTCP transport , BOB protocol , connection limiting , behaviour of new I2PTunnel options and the SusiDNS user interface .
Improvements to the Router Console are likewise included .
Updating is recommended .
As customary , for people who do n't have the option of checking GPG signatures , supplied below are the SHA1 hashes of released files : 8d2fd8b2e5ee75f60322e727e4086548fd7a7e2b i2pheadless-0.7.4.tar.bz2 63f0a78a7b9a43e62a5fc0f5e1c6115dca275419 i2 pinstall-0.7.4.exe d2bdf6311b00994fd49adeb2c15f2e2ed2834f24 i2psource-0.7.4.tar.bz2 53059774c901f741a4be9a63a2446fdf79dde872 i2 pupdate-0.7.4.zip dd491e7cb91059783aa895bf321d848b806a5738 i2pupdate.sud
Best wishes , Complication .
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE ----- Version : GnuPG v1.4.9 ( GNU / Linux ) iEYEARECAAYFAkox/koACgkQ+h38a3n8zjPuQwCdELT2aXTVYeLNLrsrEVkZx1PQ gc8An3/HFievfAvorlpm2GzzZE57KVIy =xe6 x -----END PGP SIGNATURE -----
National broadband plan ?
We do n't need no stinking , national broadband plan , two Senators all but announced Monday , introducing a measure that would require states to build tubes for internet fiber optic cables under every bit of highway or rail they build or modify with federal funds .
And that could be a lot of tubes , given the billions flowing to the states for infrastructure projects as a way to stimulate the economy .
Democratic senators Amy Klobuchar ( Minnesota ) and Mark Warner ( Virginia ) introduced the so - called Broadband Conduit Deployment
Act of 2009 , which would require many of the so - called ' shovel - ready ' projects funded by the stimulus bill earlier this year to also lay conduits capable of carrying fiber optic cables .
If the measure were enacted before Congress 's summer break , the bill would be among the first concrete results from a renewed broadband interest from Washington politicians .
The feds have already authorized $ 7.4 billion in spending on rural broadband grants ( not yet doled out ) , and the FCC is hard at work to meet its February deadline for an official National Broadband Plan .
After that plan is created , the Obama Administration is expected to ask for even more billions to help get the U.S. out of the broadband also - rans ( the country ranked 15th last year ) .
The bill does n't require states to lay their own fiber optic cable , just that they build the tubes for the tubes to be placed later ( likely by commercial ISPs such as AT&T or Level 3 ) .
The sponsors say the bill just makes common sense saying the Federal Highway Administration estimates it 's ten times more expensive to dig up and then repair an existing road to lay fiber than it is to put it in when the road is being fixed or built .
" Nobody likes the orange cones and detour signs , or the traffic delays that go with them , " Klobuchar said in a press release .
" It 's even more aggravating when the same road gets torn up again just a year or two later to install underground communication cables . "
Congresswoman Anna Eshoo , a Democrat from Silicon Valley , has already introduced a companion measure in the House and Google recommended the idea to the FCC last week when it filed comments on the upcoming National Broadband Plan .
Klobuchar was also responsible for last year 's bill requiring ISPs to provide more data to the feds about what services are available where – key information when you are trying to eliminate gaps and figure out how much competition actually exists .
But not surprisingly , the nation 's ISPs do n't like that idea , saying they consider that info too sensitive to let their competitors see .
They 'll probably like Tuesday 's notion better , especially as it puts the cost of the conduits onto the government 's ledger .
Photo : Construction of Interstate 95 , downtown Richmond by Adolph B. Rice Studio Dated : March 28 , 1958 via Library of Virgina / Flickr
See Also :
Almost .at - Bald wieder online Überstunden ohne Ende , aber wir arbeiten unter Hochdruck daran , Almost wieder online zu bringen !
Dafür haben wir eine neue Domain geholt , nämlich Almost.at , wir bitten euch deswegen auch , eure URLs zu ändern und auf die neue URL zu verlinken !
Noch ein paar letzte Kniffe , dann kommt Almost .at wieder online !
Wir sind almost ready , noch ein bisschen !
Stay tuned !
www.Almost.at
Almost ready - And soon back Online !
The WWF says fewer than 80 dolphins are left ( Image courtesy WWF ) Pollution in the Mekong river has pushed freshwater dolphins in Cambodia and Laos to the brink of extinction , the conservation group WWF has said .
Only 64 to 76 Irrawaddy dolphins remain in the Mekong , it says , and calls for a cross - border plan to help the dolphins .
Toxic levels of pesticides , mercury and other pollutants have been found in more than 50 calves that have died since 2003 .
The Mekong flows from China through Laos , Cambodia , Thailand and Vietnam .
" These pollutants are widely distributed in the environment and so the source of this pollution may involve several countries through which the Mekong river flows , " said WWF veterinary surgeon Verne Dove in a press statement .
Critically endangered
The group said it was investigating how contamination had entered the Mekong river .
Since 2003 , the dolphin population has suffered 88 deaths , of which more than 60 % were calves under two weeks old , it said .
" Necropsy analysis identified a bacterial disease as the cause of the calf deaths , " Dr Dove said in the WWF report .
" This disease would not be fatal unless the dolphin 's immune systems were suppressed , as they were in these cases , by environmental contaminants , " he said .
Researchers found toxic levels of pesticides such as DDT and environmental contaminants such as PCBs during analysis of the dead dolphin calves .
These pollutants may also pose a health risk to human populations living along the Mekong - who consume the same fish and water as the dolphins - the group suggested .
High levels of mercury were also found in some of the dead dolphins , which directly affects the immune system making the animals more susceptible to infectious disease .
" A trans - boundary preventative health programme is urgently needed to manage the disease affected animals in order to reduce the number of deaths each year , " said Seng Teak , Country Director of WWF Cambodia .
The Mekong River Irrawaddy dolphin , which inhabits a 190 km ( 118 mile ) stretch in Cambodia and Laos , has been listed as critically endangered since 2004 , the WWF said .
The Irrawaddy dolphin is also seen in parts of South Asia .
There too it has dwindled in numbers , although last year thousands of Irrawaddy dolphins were found in Bangladeshi waters when they were previously thought to be extinct in the area .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
MOGADISHU ( Reuters ) - Sitting on a mat at home between taking orders for arms on his two mobile phones , Osman Bare gives thanks for the riches flowing from Somalia ’s war .
A militia from Somalia 's Islamic Union Courts ( ICU ) holds up a rocket propelled grenade ( RPG ) during training on the outskirts of Mogadishu , December 11 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Mowlid Abdi
“ I have only been in the weapon business five years , but I have erected three villas .
I have also opened shops for my two wives , ” said the 40 - year - old , one of about 400 Somali men operating in Mogadishu ’s main weapons market .
“ Peace means bankruptcy for us . ”
Despite a U.N. arms embargo on Somalia , the Horn of Africa nation is awash with weaponry from all over the world that has fueled one of Africa ’s longest - running conflicts .
In the latest cycle of civil war , militant Islamists have been fighting the Somali government for the last two years and 18,000 civilians have been killed in the crossfire .
Weapons are captured , sold and recycled constantly between both sides , experts say .
Many arms have come from Ethiopian soldiers who intervened in Somalia between 2006 and early 2009 .
African Union peacekeepers have been accused of trafficking arms , and regional bodies say Eritrea -- among others -- is funneling weapons toward the rebels .
Weapons are also said to pour across the porous borders of Kenya , Djibouti and Ethiopia , arriving by plane and through seas infested by pirates who are themselves armed to the teeth .
The Mogadishu arms market is just one part of an illicit global arms bazaar .
According to Geneva - based research body Small Arms Survey , there are at least 640 million firearms in the world , one for every 10 people on the planet .
Only a third of these are in the hands of armies or law enforcement agencies , the rest dispersed among non-state militia groups or the general population .
Dealers like Bare say the main Irtogte market , within the sprawling Bakara commercial area of Mogadishu , is holding its largest stock ever , and gunrunners are rolling in money .
The risks of being robbed , cheated or shot are high , however , and prices fluctuate greatly .
They are at a low right now due to the abundance of supply .
“ The good thing is that our goods are not perishable , ” Bare said .
“ We get a lot of cash , but we are always in terror . ”
Dealers say they can be arrested , or even beheaded by the Islamists , if caught outside the market .
“ But inside our market , we are cocks .
There are hundreds of retailers and wholesalers and each has four well - armed guards . ”
BIG PRICE RANGE
He said masked Islamists once picked him up , blindfolded him and took him to a well - known execution house when he was found carrying a U.S. M16 rifle ordered by a pirate .
As he was being beaten by gun-butt , a friend with good contacts in the al Shabaab insurgent movement came and rescued him .
“ The government is better than Islamists -- they do not kill people .
They take your property and jail you only for few days , ” Bare said .
While Islamists come to the market for purchases , traders said , arms are delivered to government and other buyers .
“ We dismantle weapons and then secretly take them to anyone who needs to buy . ”
Slideshow ( 3 images )
With the exception of pistols from Yemen , North Korean AK - 47s , and hand - grenades from government supplies , most arms are second - hand , the dealers said .
One of the cheapest items is an Indian AK - 47 , at $ 140 each , but fighters disparage its poor quality compared to the heat - resistant North Korean version ( $ 600 ) and the light Russian one ( $ 400 ) .
At the top of the range of light weapons , the most expensive pistol , Russian - made , goes for $ 1,000 .
Hand - grenades go for $ 25 each , landmines $ 100 .
There is no shortage of sources for such weapons .
According to a 2006 U.S. Congressional report , about 70 nations produce small arms and light weapons .
Most weapons are legally manufactured in relatively large factories , but many are diverted from their intended destination using false paperwork , according to weapons trade monitors .
In Mogadishu , the arms - dealers are not the only ones benefiting from war .
At $ 15 for each grave he digs , cemetery worker Ali Osman is in the money every time the death toll goes up .
“ Sometimes I dig around 20 graves and stay here till evening , ” Osman told Reuters , while burying a baby .
Somali bankers say the more the fighting , the more cash that arrives by wire transfers .
“ Last month has been very nice to us , ” said one banker , referring to the flare - up in Mogadishu .
The war business also benefits sellers of iron sheets -- they are cheaper than wood for coffins .
Garment dealers also have a brisk trade in shrouds .
“ Rolls of this material are bought when people die like flies , ” shopkeeper Mohamed Abdi said .
“ But I can not say I am pleased with death -- nature works this way . ”
Editor ’s note : Minor changes were made in the description of BlackRock in the first sentence and in the timing of the Treasury Department ’s decision in the second paragraph .
How much do you know about BlackRock and the hedge funds they manage ?
Better bone up fast , now that the folks at BlackRock are calling the shots in the government ’s trillion - dollar bailout program .
As both The New York Times and The Wall Street journal reported on Tuesday , BlackRock execs are now directing key elements of the government program at a time when they stand to reap great profits from the fallout of a problem they helped create .
The U.S. picked BlackRock to manage the assets once controlled by AIG and Bear Stearns and to analyze the assets of Freddie Mac and Morgan Stanley .
And as if that were not enough on its plate , the Treasury Department is widely expected to select BlackRock to be one of the few firms trusted with using U.S. taxpayer dollars to buy toxic assets from the banks and then resell them in a process that presents enormous conflicts of interest with other BlackRock operations .
Bank of America , with a 47 % ownership position in BlackRock , is also the owner of what was once Countrywide Financial , which led the pack in selling bad mortgages .
The disposition of those failed properties under BlackRock ’s tutelage will have much to do with BofA ’s future profitability .
As if that were not enough financial incest , the former president and other top executives of Countrywide now run a company created by BlackRock , which is profiting mightily by snapping up the sort of distressed loans that they originally had marketed .
Confused ?
You ’re supposed to be .
That ’s the point of a successful hedge fund , a totally unregulated activity in which very rich people pool their money in order to more effectively rip off the rest of us .
And BlackRock is at the top of that game , managing $ 1.3 trillion in assets .
But in this round the stakes are far higher because BlackRock , which did a great deal to cause the economic meltdown , has now been put in charge of the government recovery effort .
But do n’t take my word for it ; check out the accounts of BlackRock ’s leading role in managing the bailout in The New York Times and Wall Street Journal on Tuesday .
The New York Times : “ Can a company that is being paid to price and sell troubled assets for the government buy the same kinds of assets for private clients without showing preference ?
And should the government seek counsel from a company whose clients stand to make or lose billions if those policies are enacted ? ”
The Wall Street Journal : “ BlackRock helped shape the government ’s toxic - asset plan , which critics have said helps vulture investors buy assets on the cheap while exposing taxpayers to the bulk of losses if the investments sour . ”
Leading the pack of vulture capitalists profiting from the misery they inspired is the Private National Acceptance Co. ( PennyMac ) , which BlackRock bankrolled .
Stanford L. Kurland , chairman and CEO of PennyMac , is the former president of Countrywide Financial .
A New York Times story in March headlined “ Ex- Leaders of Countrywide Profit From Bad Loans ” noted that Kurland ’s new outfit was profiting from the misery it had helped cause : “ After all , the banking behemoth ( Countrywide ) made risky loans to tens of thousands of Americans , helping set off a chain of events that has the economy staggering . ”
Countrywide , under Kurland ’s leadership , specialized in those low “ teaser ” interest rates that caused people to lose their homes when rates suddenly ballooned .
As the Times observed , “ Countrywide has become synonymous with the excesses that led to the housing bubble . ”
Now Kurland ’s new company specializes in buying back those forfeited and at - risk properties for pennies on the dollar and making money off new loans and sales .
“ It is sort of like the arsonist who sets fire to the house and then buys up the charred remains and sells it , ” Margot Saunders , a lawyer with the National Consumer Law Center , told the Times .
“ Kurland is seeking to capitalize on a situation that was a product of his own creation , ” noted Blair A. Nicholas , a lawyer representing Arkansas teachers suing Kurland and his fellow Countrywide executives .
“ It is tragic and ironic . …
But then again , greed is a growth industry . ”
And once again the greediest will make out like bandits , with only a few of them ever being held accountable .
Kurland sold $ 200 million in Countrywide stock shortly before the meltdown and , in any case , the spectacular failure of his banking experience only made him all that more employable .
Quoting federal banking officials , the Times reported , “ They said it was important to do business with experienced mortgage operators like Mr. Kurland , who know how to creatively renegotiate delinquent loans . ”
Has our president never heard of recidivism ?
MongoDB is a JSON - style data store .
The documents stored in the database can have varying sets of fields , with different types for each field .
One could have the following objects in a single collection :
{ name : “ Joe ” , x : 3.3 , y : [ 1,2,3 ] }
{ name : “ Kate ” , x : “ abc ” }
{ q : 456 }
Of course , when using the database for real problems , the data does have a fairly consistent structure .
Something like the following would be more common :
{ name : “ Joe ” , age : 30 , interests : ‘ football ’ }
{ name : “ Kate ” , age : 25 }
Generally , there is a direct analogy between this “ schemaless ” style and dynamically typed languages .
Constructs such as those above are easy to represent in PHP , Python and Ruby .
What we are trying to do here is make this mapping to the database natural .
Note the database does have some structure .
The system namespace contains explicit lists of our collections and indexes .
Collections may be implicitly or explicitly created , while indexes are explicitly declared ( except for predefined _id index ) .
One of the great benefits of these dynamic objects is that schema migrations become very easy .
With a traditional RDBMS , releases of code might contain data migration scripts .
Further , each release should have a reverse migration script in case a rollback is necessary .
ALTER TABLE operations can be very slow and result in scheduled downtime .
With a schemaless database , 90 % of the time adjustments to the database become transparent and automatic .
For example , if we wish to add GPA to the student objects , we add the attribute , resave , and all is well – if we look up an existing student and reference GPA , we just get back null .
Further , if we roll back our code , the new GPA fields in the existing objects are unlikely to cause problems if our code was well written .
DanceDanceRevolution will be coming to PlayStation 3 thanks to Konami .
The game will take advantage of a new mat with 8 buttons .
DanceDanceRevolution is one of the games that many had hoped would come to the platform with as many versions as there were on the PS2 .
The game will come packed with 50 licensed songs and more than 150 classic songs ready for download on day one .
Stay here on PlayStation LifeStyle for all the latest news coming out of E3 .
[ Source ]
Ontario's McMaster University says it can produce four times the amount of medical isotopes as the failing Chalk River reactor , in a possible solution to a severe worldwide shortage .
" Our physicists have done the calculations and verified them with the literature and . . . that equals , at the end of the day , 20 per cent of the North American market , " Christopher Heysel , McMaster 's director of nuclear operations and facilities , told a House of Commons committee on Tuesday .
But the school would need $ 30 million in government funding over the next five years .
It has already received $ 22 million from both the federal and Ontario governments .
McMaster 's 50 - year - old reactor is the only other Canadian facility that can produce Technetium - 99 m ( Tc - 99 m ) , the principal medical isotope used in cancer tests .
It once filled in for the Chalk River reactor in the 1970s during a shutdown .
Meanwhile , the federal government announced $ 6 million to fund research into alternatives to Tc - 99 m , which is produced from molybdenum - 99 ( Moly - 99 ) .
With the reactor shutdown expected to last three months or longer , medical imaging experts have been struggling to meet the needs of patients requiring important diagnostic images .
Just this week , nuclear medicine leaders , meeting in Toronto , called for legislators to fund more research so they can shift dependence away from the commonly used Tc - 99 m .
" Through this funding , we hope to research into alternative , non-nuclear isotopes that could supplement or replace Tc - 99 m in certain medical imaging procedures , " Health Minister Leona Aglukkaq said .
" We will also support the production of these alternatives to reduce the time it takes to move to clinical trials . "
The president of the Society of Nuclear Medicine , Dr. Robert Atcher , is saying the long - term solution to the worldwide isotope shortages is n't necessarily in building new reactors .
" It turns out that our real problem is n't that there are n't enough reactors to make medical isotopes , " Atcher told CTV on Tuesday .
" It 's the production facilities that we use when we take those targets out of the reactor and process them to remove the medically useful isotopes -- that capacity around the world is very limited .
So we do n't need necessarily to build any more reactors ; we need to build those processing facilities . "
The nuclear medicine conference , usually a forum for celebrating new ways of diagnosing disease , is being dominated by the Chalk River shutdown , which Atcher says has caused two problems .
" One is that we 've lost a third of our capacity .
But the second point is that the Canadian reactor is also responsible for making up about 25 per cent of capacity if any of the other four reactors around the world go offline , " he explained .
" So , for example , the reactor in the Netherlands is scheduled to go down in July , and with Chalk River offline , we wo n't be able to make up for that reactor not producing as well . "
Facilities that are too old
There are only five countries with reactors that produce the raw materials for medical isotopes : Belgium , Canada , France , the Netherlands and South Africa .
Each of those reactors has been operating for about five decades .
Atcher says it 's clear that too many demands are being placed on too few facilities that are simply too old .
" It 's really too bad that we had to face this , but on the other hand , the reactor at Chalk River is at the end of its useful life .
So we anticipated that it would go offline in the next few years , " he said .
Atcher added that the announcement last week from Prime Minister Stephen Harper that Canada will get out of the medical isotope business when the 52 - year - old NRU reactor finally is mothballed ( likely by 2016 ) , helps nuclear medicine organizers to plan for the future .
" There 's a silver lining in that now we know when Canada is planning to cease activity .
So that gives us a deadline to develop more capacity and to potentially even build a new reactor that might take over , " Atcher said .
Canada had been planning to have two reactors dedicated to producing medical isotopes by now .
AECL was building two reactors at Chalk River -- the Maple project -- that were supposed to be operating by 2000 .
But after 12 years of development and cost overruns , the reactors never worked well enough to be put into commercial production .
AECL concluded last year that the Maple project would have to be cancelled altogether .
Health Canada also has a stopgap , announcing late Monday a new source for Tc - 99 m .
It said it has authorized Lantheus Medical Imaging of Boston , Mass . to use Moly - 99 produced by the Open Pool Australian Light - water ( OPAL ) reactor to make Tc - 99 m for Canadian health care facilities .
Health Canada 's approval means that the Moly - 99 produced by the OPAL reactor is safe and effective for use by Canadian health care providers .
" This is very good news for Canadian health care providers and patients , " Aglukkaq said in a news release .
In the meantime , with diagnostic tests being delayed or cancelled , deaths are possible , warns Atcher , because there is little capability to use other imaging technologies in many kinds of diagnosis .
" For patients with lung cancer , prostate and breast cancer , we use nuclear medicine to assess whether the cancer has spread to their skeleton and there 's really not other adequate way for us to do that , " he said .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Sen. Carl Levin , chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , says former Vice President Dick Cheney 's claims -- that classified CIA memos show enhanced interrogation techniques like waterboarding worked -- are wrong .
Former VP Dick Cheney has been a vocal defender of Bush - era interrogation techniques .
Levin , speaking at the Foreign Policy Association 's annual dinner in New York on Wednesday , said an investigation by his committee into detainee abuse charges over the use of the techniques -- now deemed torture by the Obama administration -- " gives the lie to Mr. Cheney 's claims . "
The Michigan Democrat told the crowd that the two CIA documents that Cheney wants released " say nothing about numbers of lives saved , nor do the documents connect acquisition of valuable intelligence to the use of abusive techniques . "
" I hope that the documents are declassified , so that people can judge for themselves what is fact , and what is fiction , " he added .
Justice Department documents released in April showed that Bush administration lawyers authorized the use of techniques such as sleep deprivation , slapping , stress positions and waterboarding , which produces the sensation of drowning .
President Obama formally banned the techniques by issuing an executive order requiring that the U.S. Army field manual be used as the guide for terror interrogations .
Watch Obama discuss the torture debate »
" I can stand here tonight and say without exception or equivocation that the United States of America does not torture , " he told a joint session of Congress in February .
Cheney , who has become a vocal public defender of the Bush administration 's controversial interrogation policies , had asked the Obama administration to declassify the documents so there can be a more " honest debate " on the Bush administration 's decision to use them on suspected terrorists .
He argued that those techniques provided valuable intelligence that saved American lives , but critics say they amounted to the illegal torture of prisoners in U.S. custody
On May 14 , the CIA rejected the former vice president 's request .
CIA spokesman Paul Gimigliano , in a written statement , said the two documents Cheney requested are the subject of two pending lawsuits seeking the release of documents related to the interrogation program , and can not be declassified .
A former State Department official has told CNN that the main purpose of the Bush - era interrogations was finding a link between Iraq and al Qaeda .
Lawrence Wilkerson , chief of staff for then - Secretary of State Colin Powell , said that the interrogation program began in April and May of 2002 , and Cheney 's office kept close tabs on the questioning .
" Its principal priority for intelligence was not aimed at preempting another terrorist attack on the U.S. but discovering a smoking gun linking Iraq and al Qaeda , " Wilkerson wrote in The Washington Note , an online political journal .
Wilkerson , a retired Army colonel , said his accusation is based on information from current and former officials .
He said he has been " relentlessly digging " since 2004 , when Powell asked him to look into the scandal surrounding the treatment of prisoners at Iraq 's Abu Ghraib prison .
Speaking before the American Enterprise Institute , a conservative think tank , on May 21 , Cheney said only detainees of the " highest intelligence value " were subjected to enhanced interrogation techniques .
He said only three detainees were waterboarded .
Bush administration lawyers have said the interrogation tactics did not violate U.S. laws against torture as long as interrogators had no intent to cause " severe pain . "
With thousands of lives potentially in the balance , Cheney argued , it did n't make sense to let high - value detainees " answer questions in their own good time . "
Obama , speaking on the same day as Cheney , said his administration is trying to clean up " a mess " left behind by the Bush administration .
He defended his plan to close the Guantanamo Bay detention center in Cuba , his ban on torture , the release of Bush - era interrogation memos and his objection to the release of prisoner photos .
Levin backed up Obama 's " mess " claims , and said the enhanced interrogations have hurt America 's image .
" Cheney 's world view , which so dominated the Bush years and dishonored our nation , gained a little traction last week -- enough to persuade me to address it head - on here tonight , " Levin said .
" I do so because if the abusive interrogation techniques that he champions , the face of which were the pictures of abuse at Abu Ghraib , if they are once more seen as representative of America , our security will be severely set back . "
On Thursday night , former President George W. Bush , who has remained virtually mum on the torture debate , said his administration 's enhanced interrogation program was legal and garnered valuable information that prevented terrorist attacks .
Bush told an audience in Benton Harbor , Michigan , that after the September 11 attacks , " I vowed to take whatever steps that were necessary to protect you . "
In his speech , Bush did not specifically refer to Obama 's decision to halt the use of harsh interrogation techniques ; he also did n't mention Cheney by name .
Bush described how he proceeded after the capture of terrorism suspect Khalid Sheikh Mohammed in March 2003 .
" The first thing you do is ask , ' What 's legal ? ' " Bush said .
" ' What do the lawyers say is possible ? '
I made the decision , within the law , to get information , so I can say to myself , ' I 've done what it takes to do my duty to protect the American people . '
I can tell you that the information we got saved lives . "
The latest charge by Levin comes as another top Democrat -- House Speaker Nancy Pelosi -- continues to defend claims that the CIA never briefed Congress on the specific interrogation methods , such as waterboarding , that were being used .
Pelosi told reporters in May that she was briefed by the CIA on such techniques once -- in September 2002 , when she was the ranking Democrat on the Republican - led House Intelligence Committee -- and that she was told at the time that techniques such as waterboarding were not being used .
She said she learned that waterboarding had been used after other lawmakers were briefed in 2003 .
CIA spokesman George Little , however , said the agency 's records indicate Pelosi was briefed on the techniques .
The claim by Pelosi , D - California , created a firestorm on Capitol Hill , with Republicans -- who have been mostly supportive of the Bush administration 's policy -- blasting Pelosi and demanding she back up the allegation .
Pelosi has urged the CIA to release information on the meetings , though the CIA admits that no detailed memos , only outlines , exist .
Until concrete evidence comes to light , the torture debate will continue to heat up the halls of Congress , with Republicans putting pressure on Pelosi , and Democrats , like Levin , continuing to lash out at the former Bush administration .
CNN 's Peter Hamby and Matt Smith contributed to this report .
All About Carl Levin • Dick Cheney • Torture • Barack Obama
Most people believe that government must regulate the marketplace .
The only alternative to a regulated market , the thinking goes , is an unregulated market .
On first glance that makes sense .
It ’s the law of excluded middle .
A market is either regulated or it ’s not .
Cashing in on the common notion that anything unregulated is bad , advocates of government regulation argue that an unregulated market is to be abhorred .
This view is captured by twin sculptures outside the Federal Trade Commission building in Washington , D.C. ( One is on the Constitution Ave. side , the other on the Pennsylvania Ave. side . )
The sculptures , which won an art contest sponsored by the U.S. government during the New Deal , depict a man using all his strength to keep a wild horse from going on a rampage .
The title ?
“ Man Controlling Trade . ”
Since trade is not really a wild horse but rather a peaceful and mutually beneficial activity between people , the Roosevelt administration ’s propaganda purpose is clear .
A more honest title would be “ Government Controlling People . ”
But that would have sounded a little authoritarian even in New Deal America , hence the wild horse metaphor .
What ’s overlooked — intentionally or not — is that the alternative to a government - regulated economy is not an unregulated one .
As a matter of fact , “ unregulated economy , ” like square circle , is a contradiction in terms .
If it ’s truly unregulated it ’s not an economy , and if it ’s an economy , it ’s not unregulated .
The term “ free market ” does not mean free of regulation .
It means free of government interference .
Ludwig von Mises and F. A . Hayek pointed out years ago that the real issue regarding economic planning is not :
To plan or not to plan ?
But rather :
Who plans ( centralized state officials or decentralized private individuals in the market ) ?
Likewise , the question is not : to regulate or not to regulate .
It is , rather , who ( or what ) regulates ?
All markets are regulated .
In a free market we all know what would happen if someone charged , say , $ 100 per apple .
He ’d sell few apples because someone else would offer to sell them for less or , pending that , consumers would switch to alternative products .
“ The market ” would not permit the seller to successfully charge $ 100 .
Similarly , in a free market employers will not succeed in offering $ 1 an hour and workers will not succeed in demanding $ 20 an hour for a job that produces only $ 10 worth of output an hour .
If they try , they will quickly see their mistake and learn .
And again , in a free market an employer who subjected his employees to perilous conditions without adequately compensating them to their satisfaction for the danger would lose them to competitors .
Market Forces
What regulates the conduct of these people ?
Market forces .
( I keep specifying “ in a free market ” because in a state - regulated economy , market forces are diminished or suppressed . )
Economically speaking , people cannot do whatever they want in a free market because other people are free to counteract them .
Just because the government does n’t stop a seller from charging $ 100 for an apple does n’t mean he or she can get that amount .
Market forces regulate the seller as strictly as any bureaucrat could — even more so , because a bureaucrat can be bribed .
Whom would you have to bribe to be exempt from the law of supply and demand ?
It is no matter of indifference whether state operatives or market forces do the regulating .
Bureaucrats , who necessarily have limited knowledge and perverse incentives , regulate by threat of physical force .
In contrast , market forces operate peacefully through millions of participants , each with intimate knowledge of his or her own personal circumstances , looking out for their own well - being .
Bureaucratic regulation is likely to be irrelevant or inimical to what people in the market care about .
Not so regulation by market forces .
If this is correct , there can be no unregulated , or unfettered , markets .
We use those terms in referring to markets that are unregulated or unfettered by government .
As long as we know what we mean , the expressions are unobjectionable .
But not everyone knows what we mean .
Someone unfamiliar with the natural regularities of free markets can find the idea of an unregulated economy terrifying .
So it behooves market advocates to be capable of articulately explaining the concept of spontaneous market order — that is , order ( to use Adam Ferguson ’s felicitous phrase ) that is the product of human action but not human design .
This is counterintuitive , so it takes some patience to explain it .
Order grows from market forces .
But where do impersonal market forces come from ?
These are the result of the nature of human action .
Individuals select ends and act to achieve them by adopting suitable means .
Since means are scarce and ends are abundant , individuals economize in order to accomplish more rather than less .
And they always seek to exchange lower values for higher values ( as they see them ) and never the other way around .
In a world of scarcity tradeoffs are unavoidable , so one aims to trade up rather than down .
The result of this and other features of human action and the world at large is what we call market forces .
But really , it is just men and women acting rationally in the world .
The natural social order greatly concerned Frederic Bastiat , the nineteenth - century French liberal economist .
In Economic Harmonies he analyzed that order , but did not feel he needed to prove its existence — he needed only to point it out .
“ Habit has so familiarized us with these phenomena that we never notice them until , so to speak , something sharply discordant and abnormal about them forces them to our attention , ” he wrote .
… So ingenious , so powerful , then , is the social mechanism that every man , even the humblest , obtains in one day more satisfactions than he could produce for himself in several centuries … .
We should be shutting our eyes to the facts if we refused to recognize that society cannot present such complicated combinations in which civil and criminal law play so little part without being subject to a prodigiously ingenious mechanism .
This mechanism is the object of study of political economy … .
In truth , could all this have happened , could such extraordinary phenomena have occurred , unless there were in society a natural and wise order that operates without our knowledge ?
This is the same lesson taught by FEE ’s founder , Leonard Read , in I , Pencil .
Most people value order .
Chaos is inimical to human flourishing .
Thus those who fail to grasp that , as Bastiat ’s contemporary Proudhon put it , liberty is not the daughter but the mother of order will be tempted to favor state - imposed order .
How ironic , since the state is the greatest creator of disorder of all .
Those of us who understand Bastiat ’s teachings realize how urgent it is that others understand them , too .
( 5 votes , average : 5.00 out of 5 )
Sometimes concept phones look nice , other times they protect the environment , but there also designs meant to make the life of people with impairments easier .
This is also the case of the B - Touch phone , created by Zhenwei You and destined to reach the hands of visually impaired persons .
This is a touchscreen device , that uses Braille ( blind touch screen ) technologies , voice activated systems and software for better interaction with the user .
Also , the handset can be used as a navigation device , book reader and object recognizer .
As you can see in the image below , the handset can also recognize text and read it out loud to the user .
Voice activated dialing is also on board , but if you want to learn more about the concept phone , you should check out the video at the end of this article .
[ youtube : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4xVMzKw4soo]
[ via Yanko Design ]
The consumption of ethanol and alcoholic byproducts such as boot polish , collectively known as " samogon " in Russia , remains common in many parts of the country .
Alcohol dependence is believed to be the main cause of low male life expectancy in Russia , which , at just 58 , is among the lowest in the world outside Africa .
When they 've had enough of heavy artillery , guests can get light relief by watching things like a dog being held aloft on a platform ...
Credit : AFP / GETTY
Creating a user in Linux is a simple task .
Well , kinda .
You can quickly create a user without specifying much of it ’s characteristics , or you can get much more in depth with security , default shells and other customizations .
I recommend taking the time to learn beyond the basics or you may find yourself making a simple mistake .
For the longest time I created my user ’s with a command like this :
sudo useradd -d / home / username -m username sudo passwd username
I had thought for a long time this was sufficient .
It created their home directory with the -m parameter and specified that location with the -d parameter .
After that I set the password and the user was now able to login to the system with basic privileges .
But after a while I began to notice some quirks with those users .
They did n’t act like the initial admin user that was created by the installation process .
I found that the prompt was a bit less informative .
It also lacked a history , and the ability to hit tab to complete a directory as you typed it .
I even found myself copying over the root . bashrc and trying to figure out what ws different between the users .
Then I typed in the following command just to make sure it was using bash :
echo $ SHELL
I looked at the response .
/ bin/sh
* face - palm *
No wonder . bashrc did n’t do anything , I was using a completely different shell for my subsequent users .
I had never taken the time to learn the difference between the various shells , most systems use bash by default so that is what I learned and got used to .
So I never even realized they were using sh instead of bash .
To quickly change the shell for an established user to bash just run the command :
chsh -s / bin / bash username
Since then I ’ve adjusted my create user command to include bash as my default shell .
sudo useradd -d / home / username -m username -s / bin / bash
There are many more parameters that you can add on to this command .
If you ’d like to read up on those then just type man useradd and read through the documentation .
Or if you want a very verbose and easy to use command to create your users you can always try adduser .
Instead of passing in which parameters you want to specify it will prompt you on every possibility .
Great for if you do n’t know which options exist , but also somewhat overwhelming in the beginning .
mradmin@microsoft $ sudo adduser username Password : ****** Adding user ' username ' Adding new group ' username ' ( 1337 ) .
Adding new user ' username ' ( 1337 ) with group ' username '
Creating home directory '/home/username '
Copying files from ' / etc/skel '
Enter new UNIX password : Retype new UNIX password : passwd : password updated successfully Changing the user information for username
Enter the new value , or press ENTER for the default Full Name [ ] : Example User Room Number [ ] : 0 Work Phone [ ] : 604-6122 Home Phone [ ] : 604-6222 Other [ ] :
Is the information correct ? [ y /N ]
The choice of which two methods to use is a mater of preference .
In the long run , what matters is that you educate yourself on what all of the available options do .
And remember , man useradd and man adduser are your friends !
The traditional steps of startups are : find something people want , build it , tell them about it , then charge for it .
The internet has radically changed this .
It is now easy enough to churn out experiments , and it ’s cheap enough that you do n’t need to charge much , if at all .
For a lot of web markets , the steps are now : build it , tell people about it , learn if they want it , then maybe charge for it .
The hardest step of this is usually telling people about it .
The downside of cheap and easy development is that others can do the same , cluttering the web with competitors for attention .
It sounds counter - intuitive but it ’s usually better to create a product with uncertain demand and killer marketing than a product with certain demand and costly marketing .
Succinctly , on the web , market risk is better than marketing risk .
Market risk is uncertainty of whether people want your product :
- How many people want your product ?
- How much do they want it ?
- How much will they pay for it ?
- How many times or how long ?
- How fast is that demand growing ?
- Is competition saturating demand ?
( This could be separated into competitive risk . )
Marketing risk is uncertainty of whether people will learn about and try your product :
- Where can you reach your target users ?
- How much will it cost to acquire a user ?
- Is your product inherently viral or word - of - mouth viral ?
- Is it new and sexy or old and boring ?
- Is it easy or hard to understand ?
While an idea ’s risks depend greatly on the details , they tend to fall today into a matrix :
[ table id=2 /]
From worst to best types :
High market and marketing risk : these are the worst type of ideas .
Not only are you unsure people want the product given alternatives , even if they do , it ’s costly to get them using it .
For instance , there are a ton of search engines , people are generally happy with their current one , and search is n’t viral .
That ’s why Microsoft is spending $ 100 million to market its new shiny toy .
This type needs to be really useful and well - funded / well - marketed .
High marketing risk , low market risk : these are typically large and established markets where it ’s clear people have a deep demand or like innovation , but they are n’t viral and have a lot of competitors .
People will want porn , gambling , and dating until the end of time , but because these ideas monetize well , incumbents are well - funded and targeted marketing is expensive .
If a marketplace gets initial users , more come and the network effect takes over , but getting initial users is often tough .
High market risk , low marketing risk : these are experimental ideas that are inherently viral or have strong word - of - mouth .
When the Facebook platform launched , developers launched a flood of programs to figure out what would stick .
When Twitter launched , it was unclear people wanted it , but its virality took over once it was clear people did .
If your idea is a unique twist of this type and can be created quickly , it ’s worth trying .
Low marketing and market risk : this is the promised land .
Niche services can often fill an ignored need and are cheaper to market due to fewer competitors and a focused audience .
Copyrighted content is in high demand and goes viral , as it did on Youtube , but has high legal risk .
If your idea has low market and marketing risk , it ’s a good candidate to start today .
I heard rumors about this a while ago , but now a trailer is out for it : " Impact " , a science fiction mini-series that 'll air on ABC next week ( starting June 21 ) .
On the plus side , it stars Natasha Henstridge , who I think is pretty cool ( I loved the first season of " She Spies " ) .
On the minus side is every other single thing about this show .
Here , suffer through this first .
I know , we 're all a little bit dumber for having watched that .
The Bad Astronomy is strong with this one .
A meteor shower that blasts the Moon is not totally implausible , but one that blows off chunks like that ?
I do n't think an asteroid big enough to do that would be hidden behind other smaller ones , which is fairly firmly in the " duh " category .
And they 're not meteors !
They 're just asteroids ; meteors are when they are burning up in Earth 's atmosphere .
But then it totally goes off the rails .
Brown dwarf chunks ?
Uh , what ?
A brown dwarf is a mega - planet , an object just barely too small to be a star but much more massive than Jupiter .
" A chunk of brown dwarf " makes as much sense as saying a chunk of Saturn 's atmosphere .
And it takes a LOT of energy to move the Moon appreciably from its orbit .
Anything massive enough to do that would vaporize or at least seriously damage the Moon upon impact .
Yet we see it later in the trailer looking exactly the same as now ( and with the same face pointed toward us , which is wrong too ) .
Do n't even get me started on the electromagnetic effects .
Erf .
The verdict : if I have time , I 'll watch it , but I expect this to set a new nadir for astronomically - based TV that previously was occupied by the likes of " Doomsday Rock " .
But just to be safe , I 'll put my brain in a jar and bury it in the back yard first .
No need to damage it any further after that trailer .
Tip o' the air sickness bag -- which I 'll need -- to io9 .
Confused by what government ’s are saying we should be eating ?
You ’re not alone !
Government guidelines are based on outdated or flawed science .
Worse , they ’re contributing to making people sick , fat and tired .
Find out more about what healthy eating is really all about .
Ben Cartwright has been a passionate advocate for gay rights for 12 years .
He is a regular at gay pride marches , has a pod-cast and writes for a gay newspaper in San Diego .
The last thing he expected was to have to put a part of himself back into the closet .
But if the military were to find out about his love for a sailor , a man with years of honorable service would face a dishonorable discharge .
One of the rarely discussed effects of the military ’s “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” rule is the burden it places on the civilian partners of gay and lesbian service members .
When their loved ones go to war , they do not have access to any of the counseling , financial assistance or support networks offered to heterosexual spouses .
And if their loved ones die , no one will come knocking at their doors to notify them .
On Thursday , gay veterans and their partners shared their experiences at the local premiere of “ Silent Partners , ” a 30 - minute documentary offering a glimpse into the lives of three gay “ military spouses ” waiting for their partners to come home .
Advertisement
“ This film , I believe , is telling a story we have n’t heard before , ” said Lt. Daniel Choi , who introduced the film .
Choi , a West Point graduate and Iraq veteran , received a discharge notice from the Army after he announced he was gay on “ The Rachel Maddow Show ” on MSNBC in March .
“ We can really see the destructive effects of ‘ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ’ . . . when you see the pain that these spouses and partners go through , ” he said .
In the film , Cartwright demonstrates what he must do to ensure their home is “ de - gayed ” every time unit members go there to pick up his partner for deployment .
Framed photographs of the couple , posters and certificates are swept into overflowing cupboards .
Advertisement
“ And then I , of course , disappear , ” he says .
“ I ’m not here . ”
“ Silent Partners ” is being launched as gay rights advocates are pressing President Obama to make good on a campaign promise to repeal the rule that bars an estimated 65,000 service members from disclosing their sexual orientation .
About 13,000 men and women have been discharged from the armed forces because of their sexual orientation since “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” took effect in 1994 .
Top brass has generally been cool to repealing the rule , saying it would damage unit cohesion and put national security at risk .
Although a May report by UC Santa Barbara ’s Palm Center think tank said the president could use his executive authority to stop the military from discharging gay personnel , the administration is looking to Congress to provide a more durable fix .
“ I ’ve thought for a while that it ’s a horribly flawed policy that should not be in place , ” said Abe Forman - Greenwald , a producer for “ In Their Boots , ” an online film series looking at the effects of the Iraq and Afghan wars in the U.S .
Advertisement
But he was not sure how to fit the subject into the series until Choi ’s revelation moved him to pick up the phone .
It was Choi who later told him about the burden the policy places on the same - sex partners of deployed service members .
“ The worst part of any of it is if anything were to happen to their partners when they are away , they are not notified , ” Forman - Greenwald said .
“ That tragically was echoed two weeks ago with the death of Seaman August Provost . ”
Provost ’s boyfriend learned from the media that the sailor ’s shot and torched body had been found in a guard shack at Camp Pendleton on June 30 .
The circumstances of the killing are under investigation .
In the film , a soldier with her face blurred sits at home scanning e-mail for word that her partner has returned safely from a mission .
It is the only way she will know if something happened .
Soon she too will be deploying to Iraq .
Advertisement
Only Cartwright was willing to be identified in the film , because his partner works on a large enough base that it would be hard to track him down .
He did not attend Thursday ’s screening .
The other two partners in the film attended but were there incognito .
They stood at the back of the theater , trying to blend in .
One of them ducked out at the end .
The other , who was identified in the film as D , said he had been stunned to learn after Sept. 11 , 2001 , that his partner of nearly 20 years wanted to rejoin the Army .
“ I could n’t understand how an out gay man could go back into the military , ” he said .
“ Then he explained to me that the military saved him .
He had been on a legacy of poverty and abuse that very few in his family have been able to escape . ”
Advertisement
Although D is grateful to the military for making his partner into the man he loves , he has struggled to cope with the anxiety of the deployment .
In the film , he describes how they must carefully censor their brief calls and messages .
Any terms of endearment could arouse suspicion .
Although D knows there must be thousands like him , he has no way to reach out to them .
So he pours his feelings into a blog called “ A Gay Soldier ’s Husband . ”
He is counting the days until his partner returns in August .
But he wo n’t be among the joyous throngs at the base .
Advertisement
“ I want to be there the moment he steps off the plane , but I ’m not going to be able to stop myself from hugging and kissing him , ” he said .
“ So I ’ll have to wait . ”
“ Silent Partners ” and other episodes of “ In Their Boots ” can be viewed at www.intheirboots.com.
--
alexandra.zavis@latimes.com
I was looking for information on how much energy my different appliances use , on average , and came across a great bar graph .
Unfortunately I can’t find it again .
It showed a huge bar for heating that was about as large as all the other appliances put together .
Obviously the graph was for a typical home where you have serious winters .
I already knew that heating and cooling were the major culprits in energy use , but seeing it on the graph gave it context and perspective that I will always remember .
The other night on Bill Maher ’s show he held up a pie chart showing the percentage of U.S. corporations now controlled by the government .
It was a tiny slice , more of a line than a wedge .
Bill ’s point is that we ’re not on the verge of becoming socialists .
That was an interesting graphic and very powerful for his argument .
I ’d love to see a newspaper or web site that is nothing but graphs putting the issues of the day in context .
For ever major issue , there ’s generally one chart that captures the essence of the argument .
I think charts would help put everyone on the same page whereas the continuous blah , blah , blah of talking heads makes you want to take sides .
Charts get a bad name .
Everyone made fun of Ross Perot for whipping out charts to make his points , but that had more to do with Ross Perot than the charts .
And people like to mock USA Today for their funny little graphs that oversimplify relatively unimportant topics .
But I think there is room for serious charts on the important topics .
And those charts should be republished often , even if they do n’t often change , so we do n’t lose sight of the context for daily events .
One of the most basic rules of management is that you need data on how you ’re doing now , and where you ’re heading .
Everyone needs to be on the same page and trying to create the same change .
What if the collective energy use for your block , or you small town , was on a chart comparing you to the energy use of the blocks or towns around you ?
I think it would automatically make you feel competitive about reducing your waste .
It ’s human nature .
Charts change behavior .
I ’d like to see a “ dashboard ” display for how the entire country is doing .
It would be one page with the graphs showing elements of our economy , crime rates , health coverage , energy use , SAT scores , and anything else we deemed important .
I think it would help to get everyone on the same page .
Obviously there is a risk of oversimplification , so every chart needs to be backed up with text and with other charts that add more context .
And in the market for news you would have plenty of room for competing charts that shine a different light on topics .
On Glenn Beck ’s show on Fox News , actor Craig T. Nelson ( Coach ) declares that he is n’t going to pay taxes anymore , because he does n’t like what the government is doing with his money .
He rants that no one takes responsibility anymore .
He then drops a stunningly hypocritical line :
I ’ve been on food stamps and welfare , did anybody help me out ?
No . No .
What does he think welfare and food stamps are ?
Beck does n’t seem to notice .
You can watch him say it on the video ( at time 2:37 ) :
Tilapia , by any other name , is still tilapia .
It 's definitely not red snapper .
That 's what a Toronto Star investigation determined after we caught sushi restaurants passing off cheap tilapia as high - cost red snapper .
The Star collected 12 sushi samples from restaurants across the city and had them genetically tested .
Ten listed on menus as the more alluring red snapper were actually tilapia .
One listed as " red snapper from Japan " was red seabream .
The 12th was correctly listed on the menu as red seabream but verbally identified as " Japanese snapper . "
" It 's common practice ...
Most people know that when they order red snapper , it comes with tilapia , " says John Yum , owner of Sushi & Bento Japanese & Korean Restaurant on King St. W .
" Of course , it 's cheaper , " he adds .
" And it 's not easy to get the red snapper , even with the higher price . "
Tilapia costs about one - fifth the price of red snapper .
At the restaurants that substituted tilapia , two pieces of nigiri sushi ( the type with a slice of fish draped over an oval of pressed rice ) ranged from $ 3 to $ 4.95 .
The restaurants with seabream charged about $ 7 .
On Japanese menus , tai or dai denotes snapper .
0 Red seabream may be called tai or madai .
Tilapia is izumidai .
" Anybody in the restaurant business that buys fish , they clearly know the difference , " Winters says .
An experienced sushi chef , however , would be able to tell the difference between seabream and tilapia .
Not so for consumers .
" Cheap restaurants , they use fake things , " says Masuda , vice - president of the Japanese Restaurant Association of Canada .
June 18 , 2009
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
TOP HEADLINE : WORLD LEADERS SIGN PACT TO AVERT CLIMATE DISASTER
Newspaper Ignites Hope , Announces “ Civil Disobedience Database ”
* Civil - disobedience database : http://BeyondTalk.net
* PDF of printed newspaper : http://iht.greenpeace.org/todays-paper/
– Online version : http://www.iht-se.com/
* Video : http://iht.greenpeace.org/video/
( coming soon )
In a front - page ad in today ’s International Herald Tribune , the leaders of the European Union thank the European public for having engaged in months of civil disobedience leading up to the Copenhagen climate conference that will be held this December .
“ It was only thanks to your massive pressure over the past six months that we could so dramatically shift our climate - change policies … .
To those who were arrested , we
thank you . ”
There was only one catch : the paper was fake .
Looking exactly like the real thing , but dated December 19th , 2009 , a million copies of the fake paper were distributed worldwide by thousands of volunteers in order to show what could be achieved at the Copenhagen climate conference that is scheduled for Dec. 7 - 18 , 2009 .
At the moment , the conference is aiming for much more modest cuts , dismissed by leading climate scientists as too little , too late to stave off runaway processes that will lead to millions or even billions of casualties .
The paper describes in detail a powerful ( and entirely possible ) new treaty to bring carbon levels down below 350 parts per million – the
level climate scientists say we need to achieve to avoid climate catastrophe .
One article describes how a website , http://BeyondTalk.net, mobilized thousands of people to put their bodies on the line to
confront climate change policies – ever since way back in June , 2009 .
Although the newspaper is a fake ( its production and launch were coordinated by Greenpeace ) , the website is real .
Beyondtalk.net is part of a growing network of websites calling for direct action on climate change , building on statements made in recent months by noted political
figures .
For example , in September Nobel laureate Al Gore asserted that “ we have reached the stage where it is time for civil disobedience to
prevent the construction of new coal plants . ”
Leading American environmentalist Bill McKibben was enthusiastic about the newspaper ’s message and the methods BeyondTalk .
net calls for .
“ We need a political solution grounded in reality – grounded in physics and chemistry .
That will only come if we can muster a wide variety of political tactics , including civil disobedience . ”
“ Non-violent civil disobedience has been at the forefront of almost every successful campaign for change , ” said Andy Bichlbaum of The Yes
Men , who helped write and edit the newspaper and are furnishing the technology for BeyondTalk .
net .
“ Especially in America , and especially today , we need to push our leaders hard to stand up to industry lobbyists and make the sorts of changes we need . ”
“ Roosevelt would never have been able to push through the New Deal if people had n’t taken to the streets , occupied factories , and demanded
it , ” noted newspaper writer / editor and University of California professor Lawrence Bogad .
“ Segregation , British rule in India , and apartheid would n’t have ended without a lot of people being creatively uncooperative – even if that meant getting arrested .
Nonviolent civil
disobedience is the bread and butter of progress . ”
The fake newspaper also has an ad for “ Action Offsets , ” whereby those who are n’t willing to risk arrest can help those who are .
A HOPEFUL NEWS PANDEMIC ?
Today ’s fake International Herald Tribune is part of a rash of recent publications which mimic prominent newspapers .
Last November , a fake edition of the New York Times announced that the Iraq War was over .
A few days earlier , a hoax USA Today featured the US presidential election result : “ Capitalism Wins at the Polls : Anarchy Brewing in the Streets . ”
And this April 1st , a spoof edition of Germany ’s Zeit newspaper triumphantly announced the end of “ casino capitalism ” and the abolition
of poor - country debt .
The rash of fakes is likely to continue .
“ People are going to keep finding ways to get the word out about common - sense solutions those in
power say are impossible , ” said Kelli Anderson , one of the designers of the fake International Herald Tribune and co-designer ( with Daniel
Dunnam ) of BeyondTalk.net .
“ We already know what we need to do about climate change , ” said Agnes de Rooij of Greenpeace International .
“ It ’s a no -brainer .
Reduce carbon emissions , or put the survival of billions of people at risk .
If the political will is n’t there now , it ’s our duty to inspire it . ”
* CONTACT :
– The Yes Men , mailto:press@theyesmen.org
– Mark Breddy ( Greenpeace ) , mailto:mark.breddy@greenpeace.org ,
( +32 ) ( 0 ) 2 2741 903 , ( +32 ) ( 0)496 15 62 29 ( mob . )
– Lawrence Bogad , mailto:l.m.bogad@gmail.com ,
+1-212 300 7943
Plans to cull badgers in Pembrokeshire will not work and amount to little more than a Welsh assembly effort to secure farmers ' votes
It would be stupid to deny that badgers are both a reservoir and a vector of bovine TB .
They are not the only ones of course : cattle are also responsible for spreading the disease among themselves .
But you do n't have to deny it to believe that the eradication programme being planned in Wales is mad .
In England last year , after listening to scientific advice , the government decided not to cull badgers .
As Lord Krebs , who previously led badger culling trials , pointed out , to have any effect on TB transmission , the government would need to kill badgers
over areas larger than 100 square kilometres – maybe 200 to 300 sq km – for five to six years and you would have to be really culling hard .
To do that is a massive operation .
If you were to implement that in all so - called hotspot areas around the country where TB is more prevalent , it would involve killing 170,000 badgers – that 's half the UK badger population over five years – to get a modest reduction in TB in cattle .
But the Welsh assembly government has just published a consultation document proposing " a proactive non-selective cull of badgers within an intensive action pilot area " .
Translated into human speech , this means the total eradication of badgers from north Pembrokeshire .
It is brutal , futile and incomprehensible .
It 's not just that .
As Krebs showed , eradication programmes like this cannot do much to control the disease .
It is also politically impossible to replicate this pilot project across the country .
Using culling to prevent badgers from spreading TB in Wales would mean eliminating the entire badger population in this country , and - because badgers do n't respect borders - in much of England as well .
Quite rightly , Welsh and English people will not put up with this , so it 's not an option .
So what is the point of a pilot project for a programme that can not be executed ?
Stranger still , the Welsh consultation document admits that
vaccination is another tool to reduce disease prevalence in susceptible [ badger ] populations .
Injectable badger vaccines will be licensed for sale by next year , and oral bait vaccines will be available from 2014 .
Oral vaccines , which can simply be left outside the setts , are likely to be much cheaper to deploy than either mass culling or mass injections .
No one would object to this , so why not wait until they become available ?
The only likely reason appears to be politics .
Many
Welsh farmers hate badgers with a passion out of all proportion to the harm they might do .
Even in areas where there is no bovine TB , you see astonishing numbers of dead badgers along the roads , often in places where there are no setts for miles .
Everyone here knows what 's going on : farmers shoot them , then dump the carcasses beside the road .
Autopsies are rarely conducted on what appears to be roadkill , and even when you do find bullets or shot in the dead badgers , it 's next to impossible to trace the people responsible .
In the snow last winter , I followed a set of badger tracks up the hill behind my house .
They stopped in a spray of blood .
At first I thought the badger must have killed something .
But then they moved off again , dragging a trail of blood all the way up the hill .
After about 300 metres , a set of human footprints converged with the badger trail , and the badger prints stopped in a mess of trampled snow and blood .
More roadkill , in other words .
For the reasons I 've put forward , the Pembrokeshire badger cull cannot possibly help to eliminate TB from Wales .
But that is not what it 's about .
It appears to be a symbolic measure , whose purpose is to show farmers that the government is doing battle with the animal they hate .
It has nothing to do with saving cattle from TB , and plenty to do with saving the backsides of assembly members at the next election .
monbiot.com
This list shows a collection of the best cycle blogs in the world .
I hope it helps you discover something new .
It took me absolutely ages to put together , so if you enjoyed it I would hugely appreciate any tweets / stumbles / diggs .
Some notes on the list :
It was calculated by looking at over 100 cycling blogs
The rank is based on a number of elements such as Google Pagerank , Twitter Rank , Alexa Rank , number of comments and Technorati Authority
Certain blogs have been excluded where the primary focus of the site was not really on the blog as I felt this would be unfair
I have not included London Cyclist on the list for two reasons .
1 . It is clearly an awesome blog 2 .
I did not want to be seen as biased
Where blogs have a twitter account I have linked to this in the rank number on the left
You may look through the list and think : “ Why did n’t you include X blog ” – I realise I may well have missed a great blog so apologies if I have but these are all the ones I could find in a reasonable time frame .
Feel free to email me any suggestions for future lists
UPDATE : I have added a few more twitter links that were originally missed .
Apologies !
I have added a few more twitter links that were originally missed .
Apologies !
UPDATE : Number 50 has been changed to Bike Noob because the Bike Geek appears to have been deleted
Number 50 has been changed to Bike Noob because the Bike Geek appears to have been deleted UPDATE : Epicurean cyclist now has a link to their new blog
Epicurean cyclist now has a link to their new blog UPDATE : I now have a list of blogs to be included in the next update .
Keep sending me more !
I now have a list of blogs to be included in the next update .
Keep sending me more !
UPDATE September 2017 : A bunch of blogs have stopped posting , I ’ve marked these .
You may also enjoy these posts :
Theora Soccer Video Comparison
This page shows a bunch of Theora samples of a soccer video to compare how well it performs .
The page also makes heavy use of the < video > tag , just in time for the upcoming Firefox 3.5 release .
Theora is a free and non patent encumbered video codec which works naturally with the new HTML 5 < video > tag , as supported by Firefox 3.5 , Safari 4 , and the upcoming Google Chrome 3 .
I do n't have any particular knowledge about video codecs , but I 'm a big fan of free and open standards on the internet , so Theora seems important and worth checking out now and again for later revisions .
Update 6-23-2009 got a suggestion that the default for ffmpeg / Mpeg - 4 allows a more lax use of key frames and buffer size .
I 've tried changing the ffmpeg options to try to tighten in up to be more like Theora , but it did n't make much difference that I could see .
See the How Made section for details .
See also our slashdot thread .
Theora is developed by the Xiph foundation which promotes open media formats .
No fee or permission is required to encode , decode , or distribute Theora content , making it an important part of keeping the web open .
In keeping with their support for a free and open internet , Mozilla supports Theora as does Wikimedia .
The 1.0 of Theora came out pretty recently ( Nov 2008 ) leaving lots of unfinished performance work , which is being worked on currently as the " thusnelda " project -- thusnelda 5-2009 status .
This page contains lots of embedded video clips using thew new HTML < video > tag , so you need to use a very new browser to see the clips inline , and I 've included direct links to the videos the old - fashioned way .
Browsers that support the < video > tag :
Firefox 3.5 ( beta ) --
This seems to work the best overall , although for Mpeg - 4 you may need to use the direct link .
Google Chrome Works well , but you need to use the Windows dev-preview version .
The Mac and Linux versions might work but are in a more primitive state .
Apple Safari 4 -- mostly works , but bogs down at times .
It may be necessary to have the xiph quicktime component installed .
Internet Explorer -- No. Microsoft has not announced support for the < video > tag in IE that I can find , but it would be great if they did .
Microsoft is heavily promoting Silverlight , which is their proprietary video system .
Likewise , Adobe naturally prefers that everyone use their proprietary Flash video system .
Mpeg - 4 Background
Mpeg -4 AVC /H.264 --
I 'll just refer to it as " Mpeg - 4 " -- is a high quality video codec in wide use on the internet and on Blu-ray disks , so Mpeg - 4 is the natural one to compare to Theora .
A lot of effort has gone into optimizing Mpeg - 4 to give good quality with minimal bandwidth , and it is heavily patented and fees must be paid to use both encoders and decoders ( in jurisdictions with software patents ) .
After 2010 , Mpeg - 4 fees are increasing to include " internet broadcast fees " which apply when distributing Mpeg - 4 content on the internet .
This means that if I host my own Mpeg - 4 clip on my own site , I owe an additional fee depending on how many times the clip is downloaded ( for clips over 12 minutes ) -- see mpeg licensing press release .
Mpeg - 4 has good performance but bad licensing if you think anyone should be allowed to publish or view video on the internet .
Hence all the interest in Theora !
Mpeg - 4 Soccer Clip
Xiph.org hosts a nice collection of uncompressed test media files , so I experimented with a few of those , and below are results with clip titled " soccer " which is a rather large and is fun to watch .
It has a significant amount of motion in it , so I expect it is demanding on the video codec .
I also made a page analyzing the " tennis " clip which is smaller and has less going on .
Mpeg - 4 Version , 1000kbps
As a baseline , here is the soccer clip encoded as Mpeg - 4 at 1000 kbps .
At this rate , my subjective sense is that the video is pretty clean and without major artifacts .
To see this , obviously your browser needs support for Mpeg - 4 , either built in or as a plugin , such as Quicktime .
( Update : see How Made section for updates to the encoding flags . )
If you can see this , your browser does not support the < video > tag
1000 kbps ( direct link ) ( adjusted VBV version )
If the video above is not working , or if the video stutters , the direct link may work better .
It may play more smoothly a second time , if the browser is smart enough to cache the 1.3 megabyte clip .
If you can't get the soccer clip to play well , try the tennis clip , since it 's much smaller .
Heh -- my fiddling around , trying to distribute video using this page happened to demonstrate the strength of open standards .
The Theora version worked on every browser I tried .
Since the licensing is trivial , it 's technologically more straightforward for a browser to include Theora support ( well , if the browser vendor wants it to work , cf. Internet Explorer ) .
In contrast , Mpeg - 4 support seems fragile , depending on the combination of computer , browser and plugin configuration .
There were some Mpeg - 4 computer / browser combinations I never could get to work .
Note that the " 1000 kbps " here means 1000 kbits per second , which seems to be the unit most video tools use to measure bandwidth .
The actual size of the clips also varies by about 5 % , since I directed the encoder to aim for 1000 kbps , but it naturally misses by a little .
Theora Version , 1600kbps
Here is the same soccer clip encoded with Theora with the bandwidth set high enough to achieve roughly the same subjective quality as the Mpeg - 4 version above .
This is not a precise way to compare codecs , but gives a good +/- 20 % measure of how the codecs stack up .
If you can see this , your browser does not support the < video > tag
1600 kbps ( direct link )
This is a very subjective matching , trying to weigh how the codecs deal with different parts of the scene ( no need to flame me about it -- you can try it yourself below ) .
In this case , Theora uses 1600 kbps , or about 60 % more bandwidth than Mpeg - 4 to reach about the same quality .
The Mpeg - 4 compression produced a slightly darker image , but I tried to ignore that and just focus on the compression artifacts .
Looking at a few different clips , Theora seems to do a good job with the active / moving parts of the scene without using too much bandwidth , but had a tougher time with the flat , boring area in the background .
I had to keep bumping up the bandwidth until the background area was n't distracting .
I tried a few different clips , but with similar results .
Take a look at the tennis page for a second example .
I must say , I was hoping that Theora would perform a little better , but it has decent performance and is improving .
The uncompressed clip is 349 megabytes , while the 1600 kbps Theora clip is 2 megabytes -- Theora may lag Mpeg - 4 at this time , but it still yields great compression .
I want Theora to succeed , and as part of that we have to look at its current performance objectively .
With this 1.1 alpha version , Theora requires somewhere around 60 % more bandwidth than Mpeg - 4 , but Theora is being actively improved , so we 'll see .
The Mpeg - 4 we have today is the result of years of tuning on the encoders .
Aside : Mpeg - 2 ( a predecessor to Mpeg - 4 ) is used in DVDs and digital cable systems , so it is probably currently the most widely used video codec on earth .
Anyway , Theora is significantly better than Mpeg - 2 . Mpeg - 2 required about 2400 kbps to hit the subjective quality level above , 50 % higher than Theora 's bandwidth .
Like Mpeg - 4 , Mpeg - 2 is heavily patented .
Try It Yourself !
Comparing different versions is highly subjective , so here 's the good part -- below are 7 Theora versions encoded with increasing bandwidth from 1000 kbps to 2400 kbps , so you can try your own comparisons .
Similarly , the tennis page shows a range of Theora versions for that clip .
Select Theora Video Bandwidth : Blank 1000 kbps 1200 kbps 1400 kbps 1500 kbps 1600 kbps 2000 kbps 2400kbps
** Video Goes Here **
The Theora clips are under a javascript control -- otherwise some browsers tried to pre-load all the clips as soon as you hit the page , causing everything to get real slow ( probably not making the Stanford servers too happy either ! ) .
Once the < video > tag is more mature , I expect browsers will become smarter about that case ... much as has happened for the < img > tag .
The tennis page does not have the intervening javascript if you want to see how that works .
It 's also nice to look at the 2400 kbps version , and appreciate for a moment that it's a free and open video codec that it looks quite good today .
And speaking of video , who can forget this educational gem : The Binky Pointer Video
Other Issues
The soccer clip is pretty active .
I tried a few other clips , but did n't find that much difference , but no doubt choosing different clips will hit different strengths and weaknesses .
In particular Greg Maxwell did a comparison like this one , but found Theora to perform better than I did .
However , he included audio and used a computer generated animation ( Big Buck Bunny ) .
It may be that Theora does especially well on animations .
He also used Youtube to do the Mpeg - 4 encoding , so perhaps Youtube does not do as good a job as ffmpeg ( the ffmpeg command I used is shown below ) .
I did not include any audio .
My understanding is that the free / open Vorbis audio codec is quite competitive with the patented alternatives , so including an audio track would make the Theora percentage disadvantage smaller .
However , to keep things simple and focus on video codec performance , I think it 's best to omit the audio .
I use the word " Theora " to refer to the clips encoded with Theora , although that 's not quite technically accurate , since it's an Ogg container holding some Theora content .
I think the word " Ogg " sounds horrible to a normal person , and I wish I could go back in time and have them choose a more user - friendly name for what has turned out to be an important , user - facing bit of technology .
What is it with nerds choosing product names loaded with ironic allusion , but which do n't actually work well as names ?
I suspect that if Theora - in - ogg - with - vorbis becomes important and widespread on the internet , it will be called just " Theora " or perhaps " ogv " ( the file extension ) , much as " mp3 " is now a word recognized by normal people .
Disclaimers !
I work part - time at Google , but I have n't talked to any Google video people about codecs and I certainly am not speaking for Google .
This is just something I did on my own time -- like most engineers , my instinct is that free and open standards are the right way forward for the internet , so I was curious about Theora .
Dirac
We do n’t know the life of Nevada Sen. John Ensign .
We do n’t know the specifics of why he separated from his wife Darlene , or how he decided to take up with a campaign staffer during the split , or why he ’s coming forward about the affair now ( blackmail , suggests Politico ) .
It ’s an unfortunate personal saga that ’s being played out publicly in the media — AS IT SHOULD .
Because while most folks are entitled to some privacy in their marriages , Sen .
Ensign voluntarily abandoned that right the moment he voted for a constitutional ban on same - sex marriage in June 2006 and followed it up two years later by violating his own union .
You see , Ensign is one of those folks who believes in the sanctity of traditional marriage … something he obviously felt A - okay about violating when he had an affair .
In 2004 , he published a release titled “ ENSIGN DEFENDS SANCTITY OF MARRIAGE ON SENATE FLOOR , ” where he “ took to the floor of the United States Senate today to defend the sanctity of marriage and urge passage of the Federal Marriage Amendment Act . ”
He told fellow senators , “ Marriage is the cornerstone on which our society was founded .
For those who say that the Constitution is so sacred that we cannot or should not adopt the Federal Marriage Amendment , I would simply point out that marriage , and the sanctity of that institution , predates the American Constitution and the founding of our nation .
Marriage , as a social institution , predates every other institution on which ordered society in America has relied . [… ]
It is not right to mold marriage to fit the desires of a few , against the wishes of so many , and to ignore the important role of marriage . ”
So while we feel for his wife and kids , we ’re absolutely fine with seeing Ensign dragged through the mud on this .
If he uses his political clout and Senate vote to deny us the right of marriage that he , as a straight person , gets to so flippantly exercise , then he ’s just as bad as a gay legislator voting against gay rights .
( Need more reason to criticize Ensign ?
He voted against adding sexual orientation to hate crimes protections . )
Given Ensign ’s proclivity for moral missteps , it ’s no wonder he was against an ethics investigation into colleague Larry Craig — and yet he was all for Craig resigning .
Some things hit too close to home , huh John ?
Ensign , who had his sights potentially set on a 2012 GOP run for president , plans to keep his U.S. Senate seat .
Hetero sex scandals are n’t as damaging , apparently .
The long - rumored news about “ American Idol ” runner - up and eyeliner spokesmodel Adam Lambert is finally out :
He has his very own record deal !
Oh , and also ?
Yes , he says , he ’s gay .
“ I do n’t think it should be a surprise for anyone to hear that I ’m gay , ” he told Rolling Stone in an interview in the magazine out today .
“ I ’m proud of my sexuality , I embrace it .
It ’s just another part of me . ”
But he also says he does n’t want to be the poster boy for gay rights .
“ I ’m trying to be a singer , not a civil rights leader , ” he said .
Lambert admits that he was nervous about coming out while “ Idol ” was still on the air because contestants are under a media embargo , and he wanted to do it on his “ own terms . ”
( He also says producers were open to him handling it however he wanted to . )
“ I was worried that [ coming out ] would be so sensationalized that it would overshadow what I was there to do , which was sing , ” Lambert said .
“ I ’m an entertainer , and who I am and what I do in my personal life is a separate thing .
It should n’t matter .
Except it does .
It ’s really confusing . ”
Lambert credits the show with helping him gain self - confidence .
“ I finally checked into my self - worth for the first time in my life , and the fact that it coincided with ‘ Idol ’ is so sweet , ” he says .
“ I mean , I still have moments where I think , ‘ Oh , my skin is terrible , and I ’m a little fat — I should really go to the gym more . ’
But for the most part , when I look in the mirror now , I finally see somebody who can do something cool . ”
Fair enough .
Now can we stop talking about this ?
A sarong is a beautiful and simple garmet ( hey , it ’s just a single piece of fabric , usually cotton ) that is typically worn as a dress or skirt by women and as
a kilt by men throughout much of Southern Asia , Southeast Asia , the Horn of Africa , the Arabian Peninsula , and many of the Pacific islands .
The sarong most often has a checkered pattern or woven plaid , and it ’s often very brightly colored which is done through the use of batik or ikat dyeing , even though , more recently , they are
more likely to have printed designs , such as plants and animals .
The sarong itself can be worn as a garment all on its own ( underwear optional 😉 ) , or it can put on over a bikini .
It should be noted that in places where the sarong is popular , such as the South Pacific Islands , it ’s quite common to use the sarong as an everyday garment , so do n’t feel like this is a ‘ beach only ’ sort of deal , it ’s perfect for use during the sort of weather that you might expect to find in the South Pacific , plus it ’s very quick and easy to put on , requiring much less fuss than any typical Western clothing that a woman might wear ( and it looks a lot better than what you would see a lot of Western women walking around in day - to - day , as well ) .
This video is a bit long ( just short of 15 minutes ) , and the reason for that is that it covers a multitude of ways of tying and wearing the sarong , but thankfully it starts with the simplest techniques first and progress to more complicated and elegant styles , so you certainly do n’t have to watch the whole thing before you try it .
Enjoy :
More Information about Sarongs and Pareos
Amazon has got a very nice selection of sarongs ( click here ) , several of which are quite inexpensive ( sub - $ 10 range 😯 ) , definitely worth a look .
Here ’s an excellent site on tying the sarong as well as wearing and maintaining it .
One British man ’s fight for the right to wear his Sarong !!
( hilarious , and he makes good points , too , especially about how uncomfortable it is to sleep in what is , essentially , a pair of pants )
As someone with more than a passing interest in ghost towns , abandoned buildings and the apocalypse , the Salton Sea has long been high on my must - visit list .
This week I finally had the chance to make the three - hour drive from LA , and my morbid curiosity was not disappointed .
The Salton Sea is the largest inland body of water in California , and easily its most toxic .
Once a haven for tourists , fishermen and boaters -- in the 1950s it was touted as " the American Riviera " -- years of polluted runoff from agricultural and industrial sites , not to mention untold amounts of untreated sewage from Mexico , pumped into the sea via one of America 's dirtiest waterways , the Northward - flowing New River , have turned the Salton into a truly foul place .
At one time the Salton Sea was among the state 's most productive fisheries .
( During WWII , when German submarines made ocean fishing dangerous , most of Southern California 's fish were harvested in the Salton . )
But steadily increasing levels of toxins , algae , salt and bacteria led to a number of massive die - offs -- the largest , in 1999 , killed 7.6 million fish -- and its once - thriving population of migratory birds are sickened each year with selenium and botulism poisoning .
The Sea is 25 % saltier than the ocean and getting saltier every year , and despite some residents ' claims that its tea-colored waters can " heal your skin , " coming into contact with the Salton or eating anything that comes out of it are heartily discouraged .
In the 1960s , there were a half - dozen booming beach towns along the Sea 's 80 - mile coastline .
That was before the days when dead fish littered the beaches -- the " sand " along the water 's edge nothing more than the crushed - and - rounded bones from millions of fish skeletons -- and before the death - and - decay stench of the Salton in the 110 - degree heat of summer became unbearable .
Flooding in the 1970s buried beachfront structures in several feet of salted mud , hastening people 's departure from the area .
These days , the beachfront is a post - apocalyptic wasteland of houses , trailers and boarded - up beach clubs slowly sinking into the toxic mud .
Usually when I go to broken - down places like this , there are suspicious people lurking on the margins , wondering what I 'm doing poking around with a camera .
There was no one in these little towns -- though some of the homes looked occupied , there was no one outside , no one walking the streets , and certainly no one on the beach .
We saw more border patrol agents than anyone , as the southern end of the Sea is just a short drive from the Mexican border .
The graffiti on this house reads " The Hills Have Eyes . "
( Click on it , or any of these pictures , for a larger size . )
Further reinforcing my feeling that this is not somewhere I 'd want to hang around after dark .
Just outside the Salton - adjacent hamlet of Niland , there rises a strange , brightly - painted , man-made hill called Salvation Mountain .
It 's a pastel shock to the system after hours of brown and gray -- an enormous adobe structure covered in 100,000 gallons of paint , all made by one man , Leonard Knight , over the course of 25 years .
Salvation Mountain is an amazing place that deserves its own post .
[ Update : Here it is ! ]
On the outskirts of Salvation Mountain : lacking a proper river for his boat , Leonard painted his own .
Update :
I returned to the Salton Sea in 2011 .
This time I shot video rather than photos , and the result is my first Strange Geographies - style short film .
Hope you like it !
You can check out more Strange Geographies columns here .
Counting sheep might put you to sleep , but counting bees is exciting work , say the ecologists organizing a nationwide citizen science project to survey the nation 's bees .
More than 65,000 Americans have signed up to plant sunflowers and watch the bees that come to them as part of the Great Sunflower Project , which was masterminded by San Francisco State University biologist Gretchen LeBeun .
Over the last month , participants in the project received a packet of Queen Lemon sunflower seeds from LeBeun , and the first bee sightings are beginning to trickle in from around the country .
" What you do is you stand out there and you time how long it takes for five bees to visit , " LeBeun said , up to thirty minutes .
Then watchers report their results on the website or by mail .
Soon participants will be able to upload time - stamped digital photographs to vouch for their observations .
The data the citizen scientists gather could help LeBeun and other bee researchers put a value on the service that little bees provide for humanity .
It 's the beekeeping world 's worst - kept secret that bees have been dying in record numbers from colony collapse disorder .
Last week , the Apiary Inspectors of America reported that in their latest audit , 29 percent of beekeepers suffered some bee deaths from the still mysterious problem .
The problem with falling honey bee numbers is there are fewer pollinators out there ensuring that plants bear fruit .
That could be a big problem for agriculture , but the relationship between colony collapse disorder and actual pollination levels still needs clarification .
" There has been a lot of data on how many bees have been lost , but there has n't been any data out there on what effect there has been on pollination , " LeBeun said .
" We could learn something interesting about whether colony collapse is having an effect on pollinator service . "
Native bee species do a lot of pollinating too , and it 's possible they could pick up at least some of the slack in the wake of colony collapse disorder .
" There have been some studies that show that where you do n't have honey bees , if you have enough habitat for regular bees , they are able to provide full pollinator service for some crops , " she said .
The number of native bee species is large and they continue to survive and even thrive in the densest urban areas .
The Center for Biodiversity and Conservation at the American Museum of Natural History in New York City runs a Great Sunflower - affiliated program called the Great Pollinator Project .
They 've had hundreds of people volunteer to help survey the bee population of New York — and they 've found it 's humming .
" Monitoring by everyday New Yorkers helps scientists understand how honey bees and the other 220 - plus bee species are doing in NYC and how their populations might change in the future , " said Liz Johnson , the manager of the metropolitan diversity program at the museum .
Last year should have been a banner year for LeBeun 's program .
She had tens of thousands of people sign up to receive sunflower seeds , but they had a tragically low germination rate .
That prevented her from achieving the kind of data depth and breadth that she wanted .
Still , she was able to get a sampling that covered the nation ( as you can see in the map above ) .
This year , the seeds are sprouting normally and she expects a torrent of data to begin flowing in her direction within the next couple weeks .
See Also :
Image : flickr / DavidWatson
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and book site for The History of Our Future ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .
Lt Eakins and his colleague , Lt Mark Renkens , will generally operate at around 400 ft , on the lookout for trouble below .
They will also assist in search - and - rescue operations , photographing crime scenes , assessing damage after disasters such as fires and hurricanes - and even in keeping an eye out for sharks loitering off Palm Bay 's beaches .
Britain , by comparison , was 35th , slightly higher than last year but one place below Botswana and one higher than Italy .
Britain also ranks below most of the rest of Europe .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 June 2
Explanation :
What causes the mysterious spokes in Saturn 's rings ?
Visible in the above image as light ghostlike impressions , spokes were first discovered in the mid-1970s and first photographed by the Voyager spacecraft that buzzed by Saturn in the early 1980s .
Their existence was unexpected .
Oddly , the spokes are more commonly observed when Saturn 's rings are more nearly edge on to the Sun , and so were conspicuously absent from initial images sent back by the robot Cassini spacecraft now orbiting Saturn .
Analyses of archived Voyager images have led to the conclusions that the transient spokes , which may form and dissipate over a few hours , are composed of electrically charged sheets of small dust - sized particles .
Hypotheses for spoke creation include small meteors impacting the rings and electron beams from Saturnian atmospheric lightning spraying the rings .
As Saturn approaches equinox , spoke sightings like that pictured above are becoming increasingly common , giving planetary scientists fresh images and data with which to test origin hypotheses .
Shift + F10 right - clicks .
Win + L ( XP Only ) : Locks keyboard .
Similar to Lock Workstation .
Win + F or F3 : Open Find dialog .
( All Files ) F3 may not work in some applications which use F3 for their own find dialogs .
Win + Control + F : Open Find dialog .
( Computers )
Win + U : Open Utility Manager .
Win + F1 : Open Windows help .
Win +
Pause : Open System Properties dialog .
Win +
Tab : Cycle through taskbar buttons .
Enter clicks , AppsKey or Shift + F10 right - clicks .
Win +
Shift +
Tab : Cycle through taskbar buttons in reverse .
Alt + Tab : Display Cool Switch .
More commonly known as the AltTab dialog .
Alt +
Shift +
Tab : Display Cool Switch ; go in reverse .
Alt +
Escape : Send active window to the bottom of the z -order .
Alt +
Shift +
Escape : Activate the window at the bottom of the z -order .
Alt + F4 : Close active window ; or , if all windows are closed , open shutdown dialog .
Shift while a CD is loading : Bypass AutoPlay .
Shift while login : Bypass startup folder .
Only those applications will be ignored which are in the startup folder , not those started from the registry ( Microsoft \ Windows \CurrentVersion \Run\ )
Ctrl +
Alt + Delete or Ctrl +
Alt + NumpadDel ( Both NumLock states ) : Invoke the Task Manager or NT Security dialog .
Ctrl +
Shift + Escape ( 2000 / XP ) or ( Ctrl + Alt + NumpadDot ) :
Invoke the task manager .
On earlier OSes , acts like Ctrl + Escape .
Print screen : Copy screenshot of current screen to clipboard .
Alt +
Print screen : Copy screenshot of current active window to clipboard .
Ctrl +
Alt + Down Arrow : Invert screen .
Untested on OS ’s other than XP .
Ctrl +
Alt + Up Arrow : Undo inversion .
Win +
B : Move focus to systray icons .
Ctrl + C or Ctrl + Insert : Copy .
Ctrl + X or Shift + Delete : Cut .
Ctrl + V or Shift + Insert : Paste / Move .
Ctrl + N : New … File , Tab , Entry , etc .
Ctrl + S : Save .
Ctrl +
O : Open …
Ctrl + P : Print .
Ctrl + Z : Undo .
Ctrl +
A : Select all .
Ctrl + F : Find …
Ctrl+W : to close the current window
Ctrl +
F4 : Close tab or child window .
F1 : Open help .
F11 : Toggle full screen mode .
Alt or F10 : Activate menu bar .
Alt +
Space : Display system menu .
Same as clicking the icon on the titlebar .
Escape : Remove focus from current control / menu , or close dialog box .
Tab : Forward one item .
Shift +
Tab : Backward one item .
Ctrl +
Tab : Cycle through tabs / child windows .
Ctrl +
Shift +
Tab : Cycle backwards through tabs / child windows .
Enter :
If a button ’s selected , click it , otherwise , click default button .
Space : Toggle items such as radio buttons or checkboxes .
Alt + ( Letter ) : Activate item corresponding to ( Letter ) . ( Letter ) is the underlined letter on the item ’s name .
Ctrl +
Left : Move cursor to the beginning of previous word .
Ctrl +
Right : Move cursor to the beginning of next word .
Ctrl +
Up : Move cursor to beginning of previous paragraph .
This and all subsequent Up / Down hotkeys in this section have only been known to work in Rich Edit controls .
Ctrl +
Down : Move cursor to beginning of next paragraph .
Shift +
Left : Highlight one character to the left .
Shift +
Right : Highlight one character to the right .
Shift +
Up : Highlight from current cursor position , to one line up .
Shift +
Down : Highlight from current cursor position , to one line down .
Ctrl +
Shift +
Left : Highlight to beginning of previous word .
Ctrl +
Shift +
Right : Highlight to beginning of next word .
Ctrl +
Shift +
Up : Highlight to beginning of previous paragraph .
Ctrl +
Shift +
Down : Highlight to beginning of next paragraph .
Home : Move cursor to top of a scrollable control .
End : Move cursor to bottom of a scrollable control .
Arrow Keys : Navigate .
Shift +
Arrow Keys : Select multiple items .
Ctrl +
Arrow Keys : Change focus without changing selection .
“ Focus ” is the object that will run on Enter .
Space toggles selection of the focused item .
( Letter ) : Select first found item that begins with ( Letter ) .
BackSpace :
Go up one level to the parent directory .
Alt +
Left : Go back one folder .
Alt +
Right : Go forward one folder .
Enter : Activate ( Double - click ) selected item (s ) .
Alt +
Enter : View properties for selected item .
F2 : Rename selected item(s ) .
Ctrl + NumpadPlus :
In a Details view , resizes all columns to fit the longest item in each one .
Delete : Delete selected item(s ) .
Shift + Delete : Delete selected item(s ) ; bypass Recycle Bin .
Ctrl while dragging item (s ) : Copy .
Ctrl +
Shift while dragging item (s ) : Create shortcut(s ) .
In tree pane , if any :
Left : Collapse the current selection if expanded , or select the parent folder .
Right : Expand the current selection if collapsed , or select the first subfolder .
Numpad Asterisk : Expand currently selected directory and all subdirectories .
No undo .
Numpad Plus : Expand currently selected directory .
As you 've probably heard by now , Obama is sending General Motors to file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy .
And , as you 've also probably heard , the United States will become the majority shareholder of the restructured company , with 60 % of the stock .
Nationalizing a large car manufacturer is interesting and controversial for all kinds of reasons ( is Ford , the " last American car company , " now competing with America ? ) , and I think Jon Cohn is making some good points here .
But this , from Politico , is kind of odd :
Even as it gets set to announce the bankruptcy of General Motors Monday , the Obama administration is struggling to set parameters on how it will act after taking a 60 percent stake in the new company that emerges -- and now that it has become the owner of a significant swath of Corporate America .
The United States " has become the owner of a significant swath of Corporate America " ?
Really ?
That has about as much perspective as , um , line drawings before Brunelleschi ( or something ) .
So I thought it would be fun to come up with a graphical representation of what the " significant swath " looks like :
In the coming week there will be much debate over what it means for the United States to be the majority shareholder of a major car company .
Much of that debate will be serious and interesting .
There will also be a lot of talk about how the United States is a socialist country in which the government has nationalized half of what was formerly known as private industry .
That debate will be a lot less interesting .
----
(* I should have a little note on methodology here : I took the value of all publicly traded companies in the United States , which is available in the CIA factbook .
The last data available is from December 31 2007 , so I adjusted that value based on the percentage declines of a few major stock indices .
I took that value -- about $ 12.5 trillion -- and subtracted the publicly traded values of the companies the United States owns .
I used AIG , General Motors , Fannie and Freddie .
I estimated values for a couple of other companies -- Amtrak , the Corporation for Public Broadcasting , the TVA , etc -- and threw them into the mix , too .
A little algebra and presto , we have the chart .
If you wanted to be very generous you could use figures other than the publicly traded values for GM and AIG -- the Obama administration certainly thinks GM is worth more than what it 's trading for .
If you wanted to be even more generous you could add a couple of the big banks that the government is implicitly guaranteeing .
I do n't think that will substantially change the picture above , but email me or post a comment with any methodological suggestions . )
Update :
The commenters have done a pretty great job of pointing out how bad I am at math ( please feel free to pile on ) , so I 've updated the post to reflect certain truths about irrational numbers .
Whoops .
The section of the chart that appears in bright , bumblebee yellow is the percentage of publicly traded American companies owned by the United States . *
I do n't see much bumblebee yellow .
What I do see is that Microsoft Excel feels the need to portray the percentage of American companies owned by the government in exponential notation .
That 's 5.07E - 2 , or %0.0507 of the value of American companies that is owned by the United States government .
( When I ask Excel to display this breakdown without the exponents it just becomes " 100 % " and " 0 % . " )
In the coming week there will be much debate over what it means for the United States to be the majority shareholder of a major car company .
Much of that debate will be serious and interesting .
There will also be a lot of talk about how the United States is a socialist country in which the government has nationalized half of what was formerly known as private industry .
That debate will be a lot less interesting .---- The commenters have done a pretty great job of pointing out how bad I am at math ( please feel free to pile on ) , so I 've updated the post to reflect certain truths about irrational numbers .
Whoops .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Megan McArdle 's Case Against National Health Insurance .
Sort of .
In my chat today , a reader asked me to respond to Megan McArdle 's lengthy case against national health insurance .
The problem is that , well , there 's not a lot to specifically respond to .
In 1,600 words , she does n't muster a single link to a study or argument , nor a single number that she did n't make up ( what numbers do exist come in the form of thought experiments and assumptions ) .
Megan 's argument against national health insurance boils down to a visceral hatred of the government .
Which is fine .
Megan is a libertarian .
That 's , like , her journey , man .
But her attack on national health insurance seems a lot more about libertarianism than it is about national health insurance .
Megan has two primary concerns .
The first is that national health insurance would succeed in reducing health - care costs , and that would limit the rewards available for medical innovation ( drugs , devices , etc ) , which would in turn reduce medical innovation and prevent future generations from enjoying wonder drugs .
" If you worry about global warming , " she writes , " you should worry at least as hard about medical innovation . "
Second , national health care gives elites license " to wrap their claws around every aspect of everyone 's life . "
Her primary example is obesity .
Megan believes that national health insurance will give the government license to decide that we can never really want a second chocolate eclair .
She also believes that the real reason most every epidemiologist in the country is worried about obesity is because they hate , and are disgusted by , poor people .
I bet you think I 'm kidding about that last bit .
I 'm not .
Let 's take these in turn .
Or try to , anyway .
Megan 's first argument is properly understood as a simple application of economic theory .
If national health insurance reduces the profit reward for medical innovation , medical innovation will decrease .
This is not an argument for or against national health insurance .
Medicare , for instance , is undoubtedly America 's largest purchaser of new drugs and devices .
That 's a big part of the reason that it is so expensive .
Without Medicare , in fact , there would be a much smaller market for medical innovations , as a substantial portion of the elderly would not be able to afford heath - care insurance -- much less unlimited health - care insurance -- and could not pay for these innovations .
National health insurance for the elderly , in other words , is one of the primary drivers of medical innovation .
Nor is there any reason to believe the status quo -- which Megan implicitly favors -- optimized the dollars we devote towards medical innovation .
Pharmaceutical companies , for instance , spend less on drug research than on administration and marketing .
You could say that administration and marketing increase their profits , which in turn let them spend more money researching drugs .
But if research is so important , then maybe the profits being enjoyed by the industry are in fact too small .
In 2002 , the pharmaceutical market totaled $ 200 billion in the United States .
Maybe we should be giving them another $ 50 billion in grants ?
Or maybe not ?
Why ?
Why not ?
And what about the evidence that drug industry innovation is declining ?
And what about the defense industry ?
For all its waste , elevating the U.S. government to sole purchaser seems to ensure a much - higher rate of military technology innovation than if we left it to the private sector .
Why would n't that apply to health care ?
Megan does n't say .
Nor does she say whether the current system works well to maximize innovation .
Or what an innovation - oriented system would look like .
Or how much of GDP we should spend on innovation .
Or what would happen to innovation if Medicare and Medicaid collapsed and the medical industry lost about 80 million purchasers .
Or what would happen if universal health insurance brought 50 million new customers into the system .
The fact that she is concerned about innovation only insofar as she can shoehorn it into an argument against national health insurance leads me to believe she is not very concerned with innovation at all .
As for Megan 's other argument ... I 'm sort of at a loss as to the appropriate response .
A wealthy white elite , she writes that national health insurance is " a way to extend and expand the cultural hegemony of wealthy white elites . "
Her argument is that " when you listen to obesity experts , or health wonks , talk , their assertions boil down to the idea that overweight people are either too stupid to understand why they get fat , or have not yet been made sufficiently aware of society 's disgust for their condition . "
I 'd be interested to know how many obesity experts Megan has listened to .
My guess : very , very few .
I actually do talk to public health experts .
Frequently .
I know , for instance , that the Rudd Center for Food Policy and Obesity , which is based out of Yale , has policy briefs arguing that weight discrimination is real , it is pervasive , and it is properly understood as a social justice issue .
Does Megan ?
If she does , she 's not mentioning it .
But it seems like the sort of thing you 'd want to address if your argument is that obesity researchers are simply revolted by fat people and want them to face more social stigma .
Indeed , none of my many talks with obesity researchers have touched on the issue of the poor being idiots .
Nor do they seem to think that the obese are insufficiently aware of society 's aesthetic standards .
Megan does n't have straw men here .
She has invented imaginary friends for her argument .
Rather , the obesity researchers I know believe a number of complicated and dispiriting things .
One is that the human brain is wired to protect against the dangers of caloric scarcity .
As a species , we have evolved to maximize caloric intake , to make the most of periods of abundance .
The problem is , we now live amid constant abundance .
Food is not only available , but cheap .
It is the center of our social lives and the respite from our workdays .
It is the way we spend time with our families and the way we connect with our culture .
It is how we meet mates and hang out with friends .
Corporations spends hundreds of billions of dollars developing ways to make food taste better and creating advertising campaigns to make us want it more .
Restaurants and drive - throughs and frozen foods have reduced the energy required to create a meal .
Portion sizes have shot up .
And even as our caloric inputs have grown , our expenditures have decreased .
We drive rather than walk .
We sit rather than stand .
We work at desks rather than in fields .
This is why obesity experts think Americans are fatter .
Megan may , again , be aware of this research .
If so , she 's not letting us know about it .
Nor does Megan suggest she understands why health wonks or obesity experts spend their days -- rather than write the occasional dismissive blog post -- on this issue .
For all her talk of elitism , poor communities are being ravaged by chronic disease .
Type II diabetes in particular .
These diseases are highly correlated with obesity .
The reason people focus on obesity is that , in general , it comes first , and so you can address it earlier , and the things you do to prevent obesity -- better diet , more exercise -- are the things you do to prevent chronic disease .
It 's also worth noting the disconnect between Megan 's first argument and her second .
In her first argument , she is worried that future generations will not have access to the very best medical technology .
In her second argument , she is worried that the government will swoop into poor communities and ... give them access to medical technology , and develop programs to reduce the incidence of chronic disease based on the best preventive health - care research .
That will interrupt their natural state of being fat and sick , and that 's pretty much the definition of imperialism .
I 've left out the last part of her essay because , again , I 'm not sure what to do with it .
Eventually , she stops saying that wealthy whites will simply sneer at poor blacks and decides that national health insurance is one - stop before fascism .
We learn , for instance , that a national health insurance program will lead to the government deciding we can't eat a second chocolate eclair .
It 's like she totally forgot that France existed .
And that 's only a few sentences after she writes that national health insurance will remind us that " the elderly are also wasting a lot of our hard earned money with their stupid ' last six months ' end - of - life care . "
It 's like she totally forgot that Medicare existed .
But I do n't believe Megan is unaware of France or Medicare .
I do n't believe she is incapable of understanding why people care about chronic disease or think obesity is a problem .
I have n't seen any evidence that she 's interested in medical innovation for its own sake or has thought hard about how to maximize it .
As such , I do n't really think Megan 's post is an argument against national health insurance .
It 's not even really about national health insurance .
It 's about the government as it appears to a libertarian , if not to the rest of us .
There are two ways to look at world population numbers .
By one measure , the world has grown beyond its capacity .
As Hillary Rodham Clinton ’s science advisor , Nina V. Fedoroff , recently told the BBC : “ The planet ca n’t support many more people . ”
But in parts of Europe and other developed countries , the problem is n’t too many people but too few : Dwindling birthrates have prompted concerns about whether a shrinking pool of young people will be able to maintain the social safety net for the previous generation .
Politically , the discussion about population is deeply polarized .
Conservatives talk about falling birthrates in almost apocalyptic terms , suggesting Europe is being punished for its sins of secularism and feminism .
Bestselling author Mark Steyn has predicted “ the demise of European races too self - absorbed to breed , ” while 2008 Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney warned that “ Europe is facing demographic disaster . ”
Liberals , meanwhile , tend to see the Malthusian specter of overpopulation as a far greater threat .
Advertisement
So who is right ?
Is our future endangered by overpopulation or underpopulation ?
The answer is both .
But in an elegant irony , the two problems have the same solution : giving women more control over their fertility and their lives .
Both very high birthrates and very low ones threaten social stability , and both , it turns out , are symptoms of countries ’ failures to meet women ’s needs .
Right now , the world ’s population is growing at the unsustainable rate of 78 million people a year , and according to the United Nations , it will probably keep growing at 70 million or 75 million a year through 2020 .
Almost all of that growth is in the slums of the Third World .
As former CIA Director Michael V. Hayden said in a speech last year , “ By mid-century , the best estimates point to a world population of more than 9 billion .
That ’s a 40 % to 45 % increase -- striking enough -- but most of that growth is almost certain to occur in the countries least able to sustain it .
Places where swelling population is likely to fuel instability and extremism -- not just in those areas but beyond them as well . ”
The ethical and effective way to counter rapid population growth is to bolster women ’s rights and improve their access to family planning .
Education is crucial -- study after study has found that girls who go to school marry later and have fewer , healthier children .
Access to contraception is also key .
According to the Guttmacher Institute , almost a quarter of married women in sub-Saharan Africa have an unmet need for birth control .
In a number of Latin American and African countries , more than 40 % of recent births are said to be unwanted .
Meanwhile , high rates of unsafe , illegal abortion -- responsible for 13 % of maternal mortality globally , according to the World Health Organization -- speak to women ’s desperation to control their fertility .
At the same time , several developed countries , including Japan , Russia , Italy and Spain , have what appears to be the opposite problem .
A stable population requires each woman to have an average of 2.1 children .
( The extra tenth of a percent accounts for early deaths . )
Demographers say that countries can adapt without much trouble to fertility that is a few tenths of a percent less than that .
However , below about 1.7 children per woman , economic growth , pension systems and general cultural viability all come into question as a shrinking pool of young people is forced to support a growing number of the aged .
Advertisement
Italy , for example , has a fertility rate of 1.3 children per woman .
One leading demographer estimated that if Italy ’s 1995 birthrate remained stable over 100 years , then without immigration its population a century hence would be a mere 14 % of what it is today .
That kind of population decline can’t simply be remedied with immigration without causing major cultural upheavals and nationalist backlashes .
Some social conservatives are using the threat of rapid First World population decline to argue for restrictions on women ’s rights .
But that gets it precisely backward .
In developing countries , lower social status for women is associated with higher fertility , but once societies become highly industrialized and women taste a certain amount of freedom , the reverse is true .
Advertisement
Fertility is reaching dangerously low levels in countries where social attitudes and institutions have n’t caught up with women ’s desire to combine work and family .
When faced with men who are unwilling to share domestic burdens , inflexible workplaces and day - care shortages , many women respond by having fewer children or forgoing motherhood altogether .
But when societies make it possible for women to combine having children with pursuing their other ambitions , fertility rates are fine .
It works differently in different cultures .
In Scandinavia and France , working mothers are aided by lavish state support .
Britain and the United States lack such generous benefits , but their flexible , even volatile labor markets lessen the importance of working uninterrupted at a single job , providing more on - ramps for mothers to return to the workforce .
As one group of Yale political scientists wrote , a mother ’s “ job insecurity becomes less of a liability when everyone is insecure . ”
It ’s counterintuitive at first , but it turns out that the more opportunity women in developed countries have to work , the more likely they are to have children because they can do so without giving up their other dreams .
“ The evidence from Italy , and indeed from Spain , is that a traditional family structure now leads to very low birthrates , ” David Willetts , a British member of Parliament and a Tory renowned for his intellect , concluded in a report on Europe ’s pension woes .
Modern family policy , he wrote , must be about enabling women ’s choices so that they need n’t forgo childbearing in order to have satisfying careers and egalitarian marriages .
“ Feminism , ” he wrote , “ is the new natalism . ”
Advertisement
In coming decades , Europeans will constitute a declining percentage of the world ’s people .
When the 20th century began , the population of Europe was three times that of Africa .
In 2050 , the population of Africa will be three times that of Europe .
One can accept and even welcome the prospect of this new world and still want to see the changes happen in a way that allows countries to adapt .
Give women freedom and support , and they will find reproductive equilibrium , so that when societies do shrink or grow , they do so in a manageable way .
The lesson of these twin demographic dangers is clear :
Take care of women , and they ’ll take care of the rest .
John Rendall and Ace Bourke bought a lion cub from Harrods in 1969 , before hand - rearing the animal at their club on the Kings Road in Chelsea .
After the pair met Virginia McKenna of Born Free in 1971 , they flew to Kenya to release the lion , whom they named Christian , into the wild .
John and Ace were then reunited with Christian nine months later when they returned to Kenya on a visit .
Channel 5 aired a documentary on this Wednesday , and is going out again at 12.00 noon on the 29 March .
He said that left the Obama administration to decide whether to allow “ a laissez - faire , uncontrolled bankruptcy , which would have had an enormous cost , ” or a “ controlled process , ” in which the goal was to make sure that the auto companies not only restructured , but were not overburdened with debt .
So , in return for what amounted to debtor - in - possession financing , Mr. Obama chose to accept equity in the new company  while insisting that he had no intention of exercising day - to - day control over the company .
“ It ’s a fine line , ” Mr. Summers said , “ but we think it is manageable . ”
To assist in the restructuring , the automaker is expected to hire the consulting firm Alix Partners , which has worked on several major bankruptcies , including those for Enron and Kmart .
One of the firm ’s partners , Al Koch , is expected to manage the liquidation of corporate assets that G.M. will shed during its Chapter 11 restructuring , people with knowledge of the strategy said .
Mr. Obama is taking several risks under the plan .
None may be bigger than the decision that the United States government will take its 60 percent share of the stock in a new G.M. , leaving taxpayers vulnerable if the overhaul is not successful .
( Canada , for its part , is taking a 12 percent stake . )
“ We do n’t think that after this next $ 30 billion , they will need more money , ” one administration official said .
“ But the fact is there are things you do n’t know  like when the car market will come back , and how much Toyota and Honda and Volkswagen will benefit from the chaos . ”
On Monday , Mr. Obama is expected to argue that any alternative to his plan would be worse , and that a liquidation of G.M.  the only other real option  would send the unemployment rate soaring over 10 percent and would radiate damage throughout the economy .
But aware of the hardships the plan will impose on regions across the country that depend on auto production , the White House is dispatching a dozen Cabinet members and other officials across four states this week to reassure residents .
Aides say Mr. Obama will portray himself on Monday as a reluctant shareholder , eager to sell the company back to private investors , perhaps within 6 to 18 months .
" Department of Defence policy is and always has been to treat detainees humanely , " said Lt Col Wright .
" There have been well documented instances where that policy was not followed , and service members have been held accountable for their actions in those cases . "
Jammie Thomas - Rasset , whose P2P file - sharing retrial begins June 15 in Minneapolis , has a new lawyer named " Kiwi " Camara , and he 's doing all he can to have the main evidence against her tossed out .
Camara has attacked MediaSentry , the firm that investigated the case on behalf of the RIAA , then went further to attack the ethics of all the lawyers involved .
The RIAA has just dropped a scathing filing of its own on the court , saying that Camara 's motion to dismiss is " premised on an entirely fictional set of facts and law " and that the ethics claim is " merely an unfortunate and unprofessional attack made in a desperate attempt to suppress evidence that Defendant and her counsel know is ruinous to her defense . "
Such an accusation " merits no further response . "
There 's nothing like condescension , hostility , and personal dislike to keep a court battle interesting ; judging from the recent filings by both legal teams , this case will be a fiery one .
Reading the RIAA response , one can practically see the disdain dripping from the page .
In the view of recording industry lawyers , the debate over MediaSentry is little more than a circus sideshow .
That 's because MediaSentry collected only publicly available information which was sent to its machines over the public Internet .
Investigators did not " break into " anyone 's machine , they did not " wiretap " anyone 's communications , and they were not " private investigators " because they simply noted some very public information .
" It can not be a violation of either the ethics rules or the law to log on to a peer - to - peer network , " says the RIAA , " as any other user of the network could do , request copyrighted files being offered by users on the network , and then record the information sent .
Indeed , Defendant has not — and cannot — cite a single authority that holds this conduct to be violative of laws or ethics . "
One of Camara 's arguments against MediaSentry was that the company had not secured a private investigator license in the state of Minnesota .
This is a charge that has repeatedly been made against the company in states like North Carolina , Michigan , Oregon , and Massachusetts , but it's one that the recording industry has repeatedly called baseless .
In this case , RIAA lawyers say that MediaSentry did not violate the Minnesota Private Detectives Act ( MPDA ) because , quite simply , it has never operated in the state of Minnesota .
" The MPDA does not apply to persons or companies operating outside of the State of Minnesota , " says the new filing .
" Minnesota 's licensing scheme cannot apply to non-Minnesota entities conducting activities in other states , especially where such entities may be subject to other licensing requirements .
Here , MediaSentry does not operate in the State of Minnesota and conducted no investigation within the State of Minnesota that could possibly subject it to the State ’s licensure requirements .
MediaSentry has no employees in the State of Minnesota and does not conduct any activities in the State . "
Camara also made the claim that it was illegal for MediaSentry to record even basic information like IP addresses as part of its work , since such behavior basically amounted to operating an unsanctioned " pen register . "
Pen register devices are used by law enforcement to collect routing and signaling information , but not the contents of communications .
Such devices are often placed on a phone line to find out who a suspect is calling ( and being called by ) in order to generate more leads .
But , according to RIAA lawyers , laws regulating such devices are " not intended to prevent individuals who are receiving communications from recording information sent to them .
If that were the case , standard computer operations that require recording of IP addresses supporters may communicate over the Internet would be prohibited and the Internet could not function . "
Bottom line : " If simply recording an IP address and metadata sent to someone over the Internet was illegal , copyright holders would be unable to protect their content on the Internet . "
The judge in the case will rule on the issue soon .
AMY GOODMAN : We ’re going to turn now to look more at the anti-abortion movement .
We ’re going to Chicopee , Massachusetts , joined by the researcher Frederick Clarkson , who ’s written extensively on anti-abortion violence since the ’90s , the author of many books , the latest called Dispatches from the Religious Left : The Future of Faith and Politics in America .
His latest article on the Tiller murder was published on Women ’s eNews and is called " Beware ‘ Lone Nut ’ Theory in Tiller ’s Murder . "
Welcome to Democracy Now ! , Fred Clarkson .
You ’ve been listening to this broadcast , watching the broadcast .
Does any of this surprise you ?
And what do you mean by the " beware " of " the ‘ lone nut ’ theory " ?
FREDERICK CLARKSON :
Well , no , it does n’t surprise me at all .
It ’s typical in the major crimes that I ’ve looked into around anti-abortion violence over the years , where people case out locations .
And they also increase their level of activism , including the degrees of their crimes .
So , gluing a lock and doing things repeatedly over a period of time is not only a violation of the FACE law , it ’s an indication of an escalation of activity around violent anti—and potentially violent anti-abortion activists .
But the other part of it is that we have a tendency in society , where heinous crimes are committed , to think of somebody as crazy and acting alone .
With the history of anti-abortion violence and major crimes is that typically people are neither nuts or alone .
They ’re actually pretty well - planned crimes .
You have to do a great deal of intelligence gathering , casing out a place , knowing locations .
In the case of Dr. Tiller , he was known for wearing a bulletproof vest , for example , as most abortion providers do because of the constant threat and danger to their lives .
So a headshot would be key to doing a death blow to any abortion provider , if you were serious about trying to get him .
AMY GOODMAN : But this issue of the " lone nut " theory that you ’re saying beware of , talk more about this .
FREDERICK CLARKSON :
Well , it ’s easy to look at people as isolated individuals , when they ’re usually operating in a context .
It ’s easy for people , for example , to have lots of degrees of assistance .
For example , Shelly Shannon , who did the attempted assassination of Dr. Tiller in 1993 , one of the precipitary factors to the FACE law , was on a crime spree all over the West for months and years doing arsons and butyric acid attacks .
That ’s the chemical attack that creates a powerful , unbelievable stench that just clears out buildings .
And she would have — she had a network of safe houses , including one where a couple provided gas cans .
And it was kind of a " do n’t ask , do n’t tell " situation , where the less people know about what you ’re doing , the better it is for everyone .
And there ’s an extensive network of support for itinerant clinic protesters , some of whom turn out to be violent criminals in this way .
So , history has shown that there are always these concentric circles of support , some witting and some unwitting , of people who participate in these kinds of crimes .
AMY GOODMAN : We ’re also joined by Democracy Now !
video stream by the senior analyst at Political Research Associates , Chip Berlet , joining us from Boston , co-author of Right - Wing Populism in America : Too Close for Comfort and editor of Eyes Right ! : Challenging the Right Wing Backlash .
You begin your piece , Chip , with " The anti-abortion movement harbors within it a subculture of militant activists who believe the slogan , ‘ If abortion is murder , then act like it . ’ "
Explain how this fits into this picture .
CHIP BERLET : Well , it ’s essentially the same thing that Fred ’s been saying .
It has to do with the fact that there is this social movement , this overlapping network of social movements , that the anti-abortion activists in the 1990s began to merge into — and in both directions , merge into — the patriot and armed militia movement , move into the tax protest movement , and move into the white supremacist movement .
And it became a very broad network of people with a wide range of ideas .
But a social movement provides for institutional support , in a sense .
So , as Fred says , there are safe houses .
We know that Roeder was involved in the sovereign citizen movement , like the Freemen .
It ’s not clear at all that he was a Freeman .
But the term here is being used to talk about this package of views .
They ’re not really anti-government ; they ’re anti-equality , they ’re anti-civil rights .
It ’s a movement that has a white supremacist understanding of the Constitution as amended .
And this network , which is — the umbrella term would be the patriot movement , has all of this set of support .
They have radio programs that talk about their line .
You know , there ’s members of Congress that parrot this line .
And it ’s sometimes secular ; it ’s often religious .
It ’s totally awash with conspiracy theories about a new world order or a North American union or Obama is selling us out to UN tyranny .
And the religious side is this apocalyptic understanding that argues that the Second Coming of Christ is being held up by sin in America , and the two major sins are the provision of abortion to women and gay rights .
AMY GOODMAN : You talk about the sovereign movement , the Freeman movement .
I do n’t know that people understand what these groups are .
CHIP BERLET : It ’s tough .
It ’s — basically it ’s an idea that came out of the Posse Comitatus , which was a racist movement that challenged the authority of the federal government as constituted .
And basically , it argued that the federal courts and the state courts were misinterpreting constitutional law , and they rejected the participation in the federal government .
And that ’s why people like Roeder would put a license plate that was hand - drawn on their car , because they rejected the authority of both the federal and state government .
So , these are people who really have decided that they ’re rebelling against the laws of the United States and of the state they ’re in .
And part of — this is part of a broader package , that the government is run by secret elites who are , you know , about to turn us over to jackbooted UN troops coming in black helicopters .
So , you know , you have a range of beliefs here .
They ’re sometimes called constitutionalists .
They ’re — some of them are tax protesters .
Some of them are survivalists .
So there ’s no real central organization .
It ’s a constellation of beliefs that are kind of a right - wing anarchism and right - wing populism .
AMY GOODMAN : Chip Berlet , this issue of — or let me put this question to Fred Clarkson .
This issue of how different domestic groups are treated and the issue of domestic terrorism , whether we ’re talking about animal rights groups , environmental groups , which the FBI , I think , puts at the top of their domestic terror list .
FREDERICK CLARKSON :
Well , yeah .
There ’s been a big controversy about whether any of the anti-abortion groups should be called domestic terror organizations .
There is one called the Army of God that ’s an above - ground organization of largely veterans of anti-abortion violence or proponents of anti-abortion violence .
And the Justice Department has decided that it ’s not a terrorist organization , even though it publicly espouses crimes that could be called terrorism by any reasonable definition and has many convicted felons .
It ’s — I think for many of the same reasons that Susan was talking about earlier , law enforcement keeps an arm ’s length on these kinds of things .
In fairness , the Justice Department , under both Presidents Clinton and Bush , vigorously went after issues of violence using the counterterrorism task force and prevented some major crimes .
But that said , area district attorneys , federal prosecutors have considerable prosecutorial discretion .
So , if these groups are not defined as domestic terrorism organizations or that crimes against doctors are not viewed as terrorism , FACE is all we ’ve got .
And as we ’ve seen , the enforcement of FACE is highly selective , to be generous .
AMY GOODMAN : Chip Berlet , what would you like to add to this ?
CHIP BERLET : Well , I think in the current context of the PATRIOT
Act and other repressive legislation , we have to be very careful about the use of the term " terrorism . "
Arguably , if you look at the Federal Criminal Code , many active anti-abortion violence would not be classified as terrorism in some interpretations .
I do n’t think the issue here is urging the government to expand its repressive powers .
I think that ’s a mistake .
I think what we have here are groups of criminals and criminal individuals who need to be pursued and prosecuted , as appropriate .
And I think it ’s important to understand that , for many years , clinic violence was not treated with the same aggressive attention by the federal government and state governments as other forms of vandalism and violence .
And I think that that ’s because the anti-abortion movement has a very large political and religious constituency that makes it very difficult for state and federal officials to try and actually enforce the existing laws that they should be doing .
You know , under the Clinton administration , we had a hotline into the Justice Department that you could call for acts of violence or potential acts of violence , so that it was n’t some clinic worker from Wichita or Kansas City calling a local FBI agent .
It was the federal government ’s Justice Department calling the local FBI agent and saying , " Get on this . "
And I think that needs to be reinstituted , because , of course , it was canceled , you know , after the Democrats lost out to the Republicans .
So , we know that there ’s an anti-abortion constituency for many elected officials , primarily in the Republican Party , and we know that these political pressures have an effect on how aggressively criminal laws are enforced .
So I ’ve been messing with Splunk > a bit recently , and as part of that I ’ve been sending logs from iptables , snort , and apache –not to mention the other stuff that naturally lands within / var / log / messages .
As you can see , the reason I ’m doing this is to get a brutally powerful data view in one interface .
Here I ’m showing some GET requests within my Apache logs , but I currently have saved searches for all these various types of information :
drops on my firewall
accepts on my firewall
successful SSH logins ( password or key )
failed SSH logins ( password or key )
associations to my wireless
incoming GET requests to Apache
user agents
The key with Splunk > is the quickness in which you can search raw data , and create powerful visualizations of the results .
firewall drops by port within 3 hours
Syslog Setup
So this all requires that Splunk > see your log data ; here ’s how to set up syslog -ng to forward your various log types to an arbitrary destination .
netfilter / iptables
Log your desired traffic ( this is my default - deny at the bottom of my ruleset )
[ bash ] / sbin/iptables -A INPUT - i eth0 -d $ SENECA -j LOG –log - level 7 –log- prefix " Firewall : Default Deny : " [ / bash ]
This will automatically go to syslog on most systems .
Apache
You do n’t do anything specific in Apache , other than make sure you ’re logging the stuff you want .
I prefer to get user - agent and such in my logs :
[ bash ] LogFormat " %h %l %u %t " %r " %>s %b " % { Referer}i " " % { User - Agent}i " " combined LogFormat " %h %l %u %t " %r " %>s % b " common LogFormat " % {Referer}i -> %U " referer LogFormat " % { User - Agent}i " agent LogFormat " %v %h %l %u %t " %r " %>s %b %T " script LogFormat " %v %h %l %u %t " %r " %>s %b " % { Referer}i " " % { User - Agent}i " VLOG= % {VLOG}e " vhost [ / bash ]
syslog
Then for the most important piece you have to :
Tell syslog-ng to parse your Apache logs
Tell syslog -ng to send logs to your remote system ( Splunk , in this case )
First , here ’s how you get arbitrary , quickly expanding logs into syslog - ng :
[ bash ] source access { file ( " /var/log/apache2/access_log " < em>follow_freq</em > ( 1 ) flags ( no - parse ) ) ; } ;[ / bash ]
This names a source access ( for access_log ) that will be harvested from a file .
The file is my main Apache log .
The important bit is the follow_freq ( 1 ) , as it keeps you from having to do crazy tail / pipe tricks to get access_log ’s input into syslog - ng .
The 1 says to parse the file for new content every second .
Then you need to define a destination for your logs :
[ bash ] destination logserver { udp ( " your.remote.logserver.dns " port ( 514 ) ) ; } ;[ / bash ]
And then give the log command , which calls your custom source and your custom destination :
[ bash ] log { source ( access ) ; destination ( logserver ) ; } ;[ / bash ]
[ ** Do n’t forget to also add log lines for your default syslog source as well . ]
And that ’s pretty much it .
Configure Splunk to listen on UDP / 514 and you will have some decent data to start playing with . ::
Links
[ Splunk Search Syntax | splunk.com ]
Faces of this planet is everywhere around us , while we ’re at home , in the car or just taking a walk .
You just need to notice them and have a camera next to you so you can take a picture .
Some of them have different face expressions , some are funny , some sad or just disturbing .
The Associated Press
It is so hot in Texas that record amounts of energy are being used — and the state is asking people to turn off their lights and go easy on their air conditioners .
The energy guidelines , put forth by the Texas Public Utility Commission , ask Texans to conserve energy especially between the hours of 3 p.m. and 7 p.m. , when electricity usage typically peaks .
Some utilities have been making similar requests for weeks , but on Wednesday , the state saw its highest electricity usage ever , as air - conditioners were cranked up in the stifling weather .
The state ’s suggested guidelines :
• Turn off all unnecessary lights , appliances , and electronic equipment . •
When at home , close blinds and drapes that get direct sun , set air conditioning thermostats to 78 degrees or higher , and use fans to cool the air .
•
When away from home , set air conditioning thermostats to 85 degrees and turn all fans off before you leave .
Block the sun by closing blinds or drapes on windows that will get direct sun .
•
Do not use your dishwasher , laundry equipment , hair dryers , coffee makers , or other home appliances .
•
Avoid opening refrigerators or freezers more than necessary .
Use microwaves for cooking instead of an electric range or oven . •
Set your pool pump to run in the early morning or evening instead of the afternoon .
The conservation requests come after the state legislature failed to pass a number of bills that would have increased production of solar power and created incentives for energy efficiency .
Some efficiency advocates were displeased .
“ What is this , socialism ?
We all have to join in and give up something ? ” said John Berger , the chief executive of Houston - based Standard Renewable Energy , a company that helps homeowners with energy efficiency and solar power .
“ Every person who ’s a Republican ought to be screaming bloody murder about this . ”
Texas , Mr. Berger said , “ certainly could have been way more encouraging of energy efficiency , but we have nobody to blame ourselves . ”
During the legislative session that ended a month ago , a bill failed at that last minute which would have increased energy efficiency requirements and also — crucially — boosted funding for them , according to David Power of Public Citizen Texas , a consumer and environmental advocacy group .
Also falling short were bills that would have set efficiency standards for appliances such as water coolers , and a bill that would have established a more energy - efficient building code .
Mass .
woman backs car out of garage 's 4th floor
Posted Wednesday , June 24 , 2009 6:21 am
Do n't miss the big stories .
Like us on Facebook .
Police say on Monday the woman accidentally put her car in reverse , then crashed through a metal barrier and out of the Dwight Street garage .
The car landed on its roof on the pavement below , but police say the driver was treated for non-life threatening injuries at a local hospital .
They say she was wearing a seat belt .
Police did n't identify the driver , except to say she was in her mid-20s .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
The previous Sunday I decided to play a little with graphical interpretation of files again .
Graphical interpretation , or visualizations as one may call it , is a large topic , there are even some interesting sites dedicated to that , in which the authors present colorful bitmaps representing files , that are commonly made moving file bytes directly to Red , Green and Blue channels .
However , in my case , the bytes will not be mapped to RGB , instead , I choose to map them to X and Y .
The assumption is , as always , simple : we take a white bitmap 256 x 256 , and then , for each byte of the file , we take that byte , and the next one , and say that the first one is the X coordinate and the second one is the Y , and we darken a pixel a little in that place ( X , Y ) , causing the place to be dark when there are many occurrence of given pair of bytes , and white if the pair does not occur to much / at all ( so we have file_size - 1 byte pairs that create some image ) .
Because everything sounds simple , let 's add some " hardeners " : 1 ) let 's use a logarithmic scale for the pair occurrence count being mapped into color2 ) let 's normalize the colors / occurrence count , so that the minimal occurrence ( not always 0 ) would be always white , and the maximum occurrence would always be black3 ) let 's use some colors ( sepia or something similar ) OK .
Now , when we have the app ready , let 's feed it all the files we can find on the hard drive , and see the results !
Let 's start with some Vista system 32 files :
This is a standard boring bitmap .
However , not all bitmaps are so boring !
Let 's look at another one : Some " spider legs " appear .
Interesting ... let 's search some more ... The above object is a little more interesting , with visible tendencies .
Some other files :
And , one of the most interesting DLL files I 've found : Huh !
Is it a bird ?
Is it batman ?
No !
It 's neither a bird , nor batman , nor any other devil ( if it would be a devil I 'm sure someone would digg this post with a title like ' Hidden satan finally found in Windows Vista ! ' ; D ) .
These are just BMP files in resources with some gradient - like bitmaps of buttons , and icons .
It happens so that images like photos , drawings , etc , converted into BMP / RAW / TGA / something other without compression and fed to the described math formula give veeeery interesting results !
Let 's look at a couple of bitmaps representing gfx files : I 've places a full gallery of interesting ( imho ) files is here : Full Gallery
The source code ( ugly , as always ) + executable : file2d.zip ( ZIP SRC + BIN , 7 kb ) ( BSD - style license
If you 'll find some interesting visualization , leave a link in the comments :) ( also take a look at the Polish side of this blog in the comments to this post ) .
And thats it .
P.S. I 've just realized that my blog was entered into the " CONFidence Security Evangelist " competition in category " A Polish - language blog about IT security " .
Huh ;)
Thx guys , I 'm really positively surprised ;)
However , I admit that I think that my blog does n't fit there well , since only about 25 % things I write about are somewhat related to security ;) P.S.2 . A friend of mine has shown me a message he received on GG ( a Polish - originating IM ) that goes like " I love you ...
http://www.wyznanie.mx.tc " .
On the destination page ( that looks almost pro ; p ) the reader is convinced to send an SMS to get information about WHO loves him .
Of course , at the bottom of the page there is an info about the price of such SMS , that costs over 23 PLN ( thats over 5 EUR , and over 7 USD ) !
I 'll just add that this message is send to everyone by a bot , and it 's just a scam .
Crazy idea , however I 'm really interested in knowing how many people fell for this .
More LLVM
main = do let f :: Double ->
Double Just f = compile " \\ ( x : : Double ) -> if x == 0 then 0 else 1 /( x*x ) " print ( f 2 , f 3 , f 0 )
( 0.25,0 . 1111111111111111,0.0 )
compile
Maybe
compile
compile :: ( Translate a ) => String ->
Maybe a compile = fmap translate .
to TFun <=< mParseUFun
Translate
Maybe
compile = translate .
toTFun .
mParseUFun
UFun
TFun a
TFun a
a
The UExp module
UFun
UExp
{-# OPTIONS_GHC - fno-warn - unused - binds #-} {-# LANGUAGE RecordWildCards #-} module UExp ( Id , UFun (.. ) , UTyp (.. ) , UExp ( .. ) , parseUFun , showOp , mParseUFun ) where import Data .
Maybe import Data .
List import Data .
Function import Text.ParserCombinators .
Parsec import Text.ParserCombinators .
Parsec.Expr import Text.ParserCombinators .
Parsec.
Token import Text.ParserCombinators .
Parsec.Language type Id = String data UFun = UFun [( Id , UTyp ) ] UExp data UTyp = UTBol | UTDbl data UExp = UDbl Double -- ^ Double literal | UBol Bool -- ^ Bool literal | UVar Id -- ^ Variable | UApp Id [ UExp ] -- ^ Function application | ULet Id UExp UExp -- ^ Local binding
Show
instance Show UFun where shows Prec p ( UFun [ ] e ) = shows
Prec p e shows
Prec p ( UFun vts e ) = showParen ( p>0 ) ( showString " \\ " . foldr (. ) ( showString " -> " ) ( map f vts ) . shows Prec 0 e ) where f ( v , t ) = showParen True ( showString v . showString " :: " . shows Prec 0 t ) .
showString " " instance Show UTyp where shows Prec _ UTDbl = showString " Double " shows Prec _ UTBol = showString " Bool " instance Show UExp where shows Prec p ( UDbl d ) = shows Prec p d shows Prec p ( UBol b ) = shows Prec p b shows Prec _ ( UVar i ) = showString i shows Prec p ( UApp " if " [ c , t , e ] ) = showParen ( p>0 ) ( showString " if " .
shows Prec 0 c . showString " then " .
shows
Prec 0 t . showString " else " . shows Prec 0 e ) shows
Prec p ( UApp op [ a , b ] ) = show Op p op a b shows Prec _ ( UApp op _ ) = error $ " Uxp.show " ++ op shows Prec p ( ULet i e b ) = showParen ( p>0 ) ( showString " let " . showString i .
showString " = " . shows
Prec 0 e . showString " in " . shows Prec 0 b ) show Op :: ( Show a , Show b ) => Int -> String -> a -> b ->
String ->
String show
Op q sop a b = showParen ( q > mp ) ( shows Prec lp a .
showString sop .
shows Prec rp b ) where ( lp , mp , rp ) = case lookup sop ops of Just ( p , AssocLeft ) -> ( p , p , p+1 ) Just ( p , AssocRight ) -> ( p+1 , p , p ) Just ( p , AssocNone ) -> ( p+1 , p , p+1 ) Nothing -> ( 9 , 9 , 10 ) ops :: [( String , ( Int , Assoc ) ) ] ops = [ ( " + " , ( 6 , AssocLeft ) ) , ( " - " , ( 6 , AssocLeft ) ) , ( " * " , ( 7 , AssocLeft ) ) , ( " / " , ( 7 , AssocLeft ) ) , ( " == " , ( 4 , AssocNone ) ) , ( " <= " , ( 4 , AssocNone ) ) , ( " && " , ( 3 , AssocRight ) ) , ( " || " , ( 2 , AssocRight ) ) ]
Parsec
Parsec
TokenParser
RecordWildcard
TokenParser{..}
parseUFun :: SourceName -> String -> Either ParseError UFun parseUFun = parse $ do f <- pFun ; eof ; return f where TokenParser {..} = haskell pFun = do vts <- between ( reserved Op " \\ " ) ( reservedOp " - > " ) ( many $ parens $ do v <- identifier ; reserved Op " : : " ; t <- pTyp ; return ( v , t ) ) < |> return [ ]
e <- pExp return $ UFun vts e pTyp = choice [ do reserved " Bool " ; return UTBol , do reserved " Double " ; return UTDbl ] pExp = choice [ pIf , pLet , pOExp ] pIf = do reserved " if " ; c <- pExp ; reserved " then " ; t <- pExp ; reserved " else " ; e <- pExp ; return $ UApp " if " [ c , t , e ] pLet = do reserved " let " ; i <- identifier ; reserved Op " = " ; e <- pExp ; reserved " in " ; b <- pExp ; return $ ULet i e b pOExp = buildExpressionParser opTable pAExp pAExp = choice [ pDbl , pVar , parens pExp ] pVar = fmap eVar identifier pDbl = fmap ( either ( UDbl . fromInteger ) UDbl ) naturalOrFloat eVar i = if i == " False " then UBol False else if i == " True " then UBol True else UVar i opTable = reverse . map ( map mkOp ) .
groupBy ( ( == ) `on` prec ) .
sortBy ( compare `on` prec ) $ ops where mk Op ( s , ( _ , a ) ) = Infix ( do reserved Op s ; return $ \ x y -> UApp s [ x , y ] ) a prec = fst .
snd mParseUFun :: String ->
Maybe UFun mParseUFun = either ( const Nothing ) Just . ( parseUFun " " )
m ParseUFun
The TExp module
TExp
{-# LANGUAGE GADTs , ExistentialQuantification , PatternGuards #-} module TExp ( Id , TFun ( .. ) , TTyp (.. ) , TExp (.. ) , DblOp (.. ) , BolOp (.. ) , CmpOp (.. ) , Equal (.. ) , test , Type (.. ) , AFun (.. ) , extractFun , typeCheck , toTFun ) where import Data .
Maybe import Control .
Monad import UExp data TFun a where TBody :: TExp a ->
TFun a TLam :: Id -> TTyp a -> TFun b ->
TFun ( a -> b ) data TTyp a where TTBol :: TTyp Bool TTDbl :: TTyp Double TTArr :: TTyp a -> TTyp b -> TTyp ( a -> b ) data TExp a where TDbl :: Double -> TExp Double TBol :: Bool -> TExp Bool TDblOp :: DblOp -> TExp Double -> TExp Double -> TExp Double TBolOp :: BolOp -> TExp Bool -> TExp Bool -> TExp Bool TCmpOp :: CmpOp -> TExp Double -> TExp Double -> TExp Bool TIf :: TExp Bool -> TExp a -> TExp a -> TExp a TLet :: Id -> TTyp a -> TExp a -> TExp b -> TExp b TVar :: Id ->
TExp a data DblOp = DAdd | DSub | DMul | DDiv deriving ( Eq , Show ) data BolOp = BAnd | BOr deriving ( Eq , Show ) data CmpOp = CEq | CLe deriving ( Eq , Show )
UApp " + " [ UVar " x " , UDbl 2.2 ]
TDblOp DAdd ( TVar " x " ) ( TDbl 2.2 )
TExp Double
UTyp
{-# LANGUAGE GADTs , ExistentialQuantification , PatternGuards #-} module TExp ( Id , TFun ( .. ) , TTyp (.. ) , TExp (.. ) , DblOp (.. ) , BolOp (.. ) , CmpOp (.. ) , Equal (.. ) , test , Type (.. ) , AFun (.. ) , extractFun , typeCheck , toTFun ) where import Data .
Maybe import Control .
Monad import UExp instance Show ( TFun a ) where shows Prec p ( TBody e ) = shows Prec p e shows Prec p ( TLam i t e ) = showParen ( p>0 ) ( showString " \\ " . showParen True ( showString i .
showString " :: " . shows Prec 0 t ) .
showString " -> " . shows Prec 0 e ) instance Show ( TTyp a ) where shows Prec _ TTBol = showString " Bool " shows Prec _ TTDbl = showString " Double " shows Prec p ( TTArr a b ) = showParen ( p>5 ) ( shows Prec 6 a .
showString " -> " . shows Prec 5 b ) instance Show ( TExp a ) where shows Prec p ( TDbl d ) = shows Prec p d shows Prec p ( TBol b ) = shows Prec p b shows Prec _ ( TVar i ) = showString i shows Prec p ( TDbl Op op a b ) = show Op p ( fromJust $ lookup op [ ( DMul , " * " ) , ( DAdd , " + " ) , ( DSub , " - " ) , ( DDiv , " / " ) ] ) a b shows Prec p ( TBol Op op a b ) = show Op p ( fromJust $ lookup op [ ( BAnd , " && " ) , ( BOr , " | | " ) ] ) a b shows Prec p ( TCmp Op op a b ) = show Op p ( fromJust $ lookup op [ ( CEq , " == " ) , ( CLe , " < = " ) ] ) a b shows Prec p ( TIf c t e ) = showParen ( p>0 ) ( showString " if " .
shows Prec 0 c . showString " then " .
shows
Prec 0 t . showString " else " . shows Prec 0 e ) shows
Prec p ( TLet i _ e b ) = showParen ( p>0 ) ( showString " let " . showString i .
showString " = " . shows
Prec 0 e . showString " in " . shows Prec 0 b)
UExp
TExp
typeCheckExp :: UExp -> TExp a
TExp
Maybe
typeCheckExp :: UExp -> Maybe ( TExp a )
UExp
typeCheckExp :: forall a .
UExp -> Maybe ( TExp a )
typeCheckExp :: exists a .
UExp -> Maybe ( TExp a )
data ATExp = forall a .
TExp a ::: TTyp a data AFun = forall a .
AFun ( TFun a ) ( TTyp a )
typeCheckExp :: UExp -> Maybe ATExp typeCheckExp ( UDbl d ) = return $ TDbl d ::: TTDbl typeCheckExp ( UBol b ) = return $ TBol b ::: TTBol
typeCheckExp ( UApp op [ a , b ] ) | Just dop
First we conveniently look up the operator among the arithmetic operators , then we recursively call the type checker for the operands .
We do this in the Maybe monad .
If the type checking a subterm fails that 's automatically propagated , and furthermore , if the type checking of a subterm does not yield a TTDbl type then this will cause the pattern matching to fail , and this will generate a Nothing in the maybe monad , so we used failing pattern matching to our advantage here .
The interesting case is checking UIf , because here both arms have to have the same type , but we do n't know which one .
Here 's an attempt : typeCheckExp ( UApp " if " [ c , t, e ] ) = do c' ::: TTBol <- typeCheckExp c t ' ::: tt <- typeCheckExp t e' ::: te <- typeCheckExp e guard ( tt == te ) return $ TIf c' t' e ' ::: tt But this does n't type check .
The guard ensures that the two arms have the same type , but that 's something we know , but the Haskell type checker does n't .
So it rejects the TIf , because it can't see that both arms have the same type .
We need to be trickier in doing the equality test so that it reflects the equality on the type level .
There 's a standard trick for this , namely this type : data Equal a b where Eq :: Equal a a
If you ever have a value ( which must be Eq ) of type Equal foo bar then the type checker will know that foo and bar are actually the same type .
So let 's code equality for TTyp .
test :: TTyp a -> TTyp b ->
Maybe ( Equal a b ) test TTBol TTBol = return Eq test TTDbl TTDbl = return Eq test ( TTArr a b ) ( TTArr a ' b' ) = do Eq <- test a a ' Eq <- test b b' return
Eq test _ _ = mzero
This code is worth pondering for a while , it 's actually rather clever ( I take no credit for it ; I stole it from Tim Sheard ) .
Why does even the first clause type check ?
Because TTBol has type TTyp Bool , so both the type variables ( a and b ) must be Bool in the first clause , which means that Eq :: Equal Bool Bool is what we 're returning .
Equipped with this equality we can try type checking again .
typeCheckExp ( UApp " if " [ c , t, e ] ) = do c' ::: TTBol <- typeCheckExp c t ' ::: tt <- typeCheckExp t e' ::: te <- typeCheckExp e Eq <- test tt te return $ TIf c' t' e ' ::: tt And amazingly this actually works !
( A tribute to the hard working ghc implementors . )
One ( rather large ) fly is left in the ointment .
What about variables ?
What do we do when we type check UVar ?
We must check that there 's a bound variable with the right type around .
So the type checker needs to be extended with an environment where variables can be looked up .
It 's mostly straight forward .
The environment simply maps a variable to ATExp .
So here 's the complete type checker as it's actually defined .
type Env = [( Id , ATExp ) ] typeCheckExp :: Env -> UExp ->
Maybe ATExp typeCheckExp _ ( UDbl d ) = return $ TDbl d ::: TTDbl typeCheckExp _ ( UBol b ) = return $ TBol b ::: TTBol typeCheckExp r ( UApp op [ a , b ] ) | Just dop <- lookup op [ ( " + " , DAdd ) , ( " - " , DSub ) , ( " * " , DMul ) , ( " / " , DDiv ) ] = do a ' ::: TTDbl <- typeCheckExp r a b ' ::: TTDbl <- typeCheckExp r b return $ TDbl Op dop a' b' ::: TTDbl typeCheckExp r ( UApp op [ a , b ] ) | Just bop <- lookup op [ ( " && " , BAnd ) , ( " || " , BOr ) ] = do a ' ::: TTBol <- typeCheckExp r a b ' ::: TTBol <- typeCheckExp r b return $ TBol
Op bop a ' b' ::: TTBol typeCheckExp r ( UApp op [ a , b ] ) | Just cop <- lookup op [ ( " == " , CEq ) , ( " <= " , CLe ) ] = do a ' ::: TTDbl <- typeCheckExp r a b ' ::: TTDbl <- typeCheckExp r b return $ TCmpOp cop a ' b' ::: TTBol typeCheckExp r ( UApp " if " [ c , t, e ] ) = do c ' ::: TTBol <- typeCheckExp r c t ' ::: tt <- typeCheckExp r t e' ::: te <- typeCheckExp r e Eq <- test tt te return $ TIf c' t' e ' ::: tt typeCheckExp r ( ULet i e b ) = do e ' ::: te <- typeCheckExp r e b ' ::: tb <- typeCheckExp ( ( i , TVar i ::: te ) : r ) b return $ TLet i te e' b' ::: tb typeCheckExp r ( UVar i ) = lookup i r typeCheckExp _ _ = mzero
Note the ULet case which extends the environment .
First we type check the expression that 's being bound , and then add a variable to the environment and type check the body .
Finally we need to type check the top level : typeCheck :: UFun -> Maybe AFun typeCheck = typeCheckFun [ ] typeCheckFun :: Env -> UFun -> Maybe AFun typeCheckFun n ( UFun [ ] b ) = do e ::: t <- typeCheckExp n b return $ AFun ( TBody e ) t typeCheck Fun n ( UFun ( ( x , typ ) : vts ) b) = case typ of UTBol -> f TTBol UTDbl -> f TTDbl where f t = do AFun e r <- typeCheckFun ( (x , TVar x :: : t ) : n) ( UFun vts b ) ; return $ AFun ( TLam x t e ) ( TTArr t r )
When encountering the expression we just type check it , and for an argument we add a variable with the right type to the environment .
A small test in ghci : TExp UExp > mParseUFun " \\ ( x :: Double ) -> x+1 " >>= typeCheck Just ( \ ( x :: Double ) -> x+1.0 :: Double -> Double )
To be able to extract a function from ATFun we need some small utilties .
class
Type a where the Type :: TTyp a instance Type Double where the Type = TTDbl instance Type Bool where the Type = TTBol instance ( Type a , Type b ) =>
Type ( a -> b ) where the Type = TTArr the Type the Type extractFun :: ( Type a ) => AFun -> Maybe ( TFun a ) extractFun = extract the Type extract :: TTyp a -> AFun ->
Maybe ( TFun a ) extract s ( AFun e t ) = do Eq <- test t s return e toTFun :: ( Type a ) => UFun -> Maybe ( TFun a ) toTFun = extractFun <=< typeCheck
The class Type allows us to construct the TTyp corresponding to a Haskell type via overloading .
Using this and the test function we can then extract a TFun at any type we like .
If we try to extract at the wrong type we 'll just get Nothing and at the right type we get Just .
The Compiler module Now all we need to do is to write a function translate that translates a TFun a into the corresponding a .
Naturally , using LLVM .
Let 's start with some simple cases in translating literals to LLVM code .
compileExp :: TExp a -> CodeGenFunction r ( Value a ) compileExp ( TDbl d ) = return $ valueOf d compileExp ( TBol b ) = return $ valueOf b
The valueOf function is simply the one that lifts a Haskell value into an LLVM value .
Note how nice the GADT works out here and we handle both Double and Bool with any need to compromise type safety .
What about arithmetic ?
Equally easy .
compileExp r ( TDbl Op op e1 e2 ) = bind2 ( dbl Op op ) ( compileExp r e1 ) ( compileExp r e2 ) dblOp :: DblOp -> Value Double -> Value Double -> CodeGenFunction r ( Value Double ) dblOp DAdd = add dblOp DSub = sub dblOp DMul = mul dblOp DDiv = fdiv --
This should be in Control .
Monad bind2 :: ( Monad m ) => ( a -> b -> m c ) -> m a -> m b -> m c bind2 f m1 m2 = do x1 <- m1 x2 <- m2 f x1 x2
And we can just carry on : compileExp ( TBol Op op e1 e2 ) = bind2 ( bol Op op ) ( compileExp e1 ) ( compileExp e2 ) compileExp ( TCmp Op op e1 e2 ) = bind2 ( cmpOp op ) ( compileExp e1 ) ( compileExp e2 ) compileExp ( TIf b t e ) = mkIf ( compileExp b ) ( compileExp t ) ( compileExp e ) bolOp :: BolOp -> Value Bool -> Value Bool -> CodeGenFunction r ( Value Bool ) bolOp BAnd = and bolOp BOr = or cmpOp :: CmpOp -> Value Double -> Value Double -> CodeGenFunction r ( Value Bool ) cmpOp CEq = fcmp FPOEQ cmpOp CLe = fcmp FPOLE
( The && and || are not short circuiting in this implementation .
It would be easy to change . )
It 's rather amazing that despite these different branches producing and consuming different types it all works out .
It 's perfectly type safe and free from coercions .
This is the beauty of GADTs .
Oh , yeah , mkIf .
It 's just a piece of mess to create some basic blocks , test , and jump .
mkIf :: ( IsFirstClass a ) => CodeGenFunction r ( Value Bool ) -> CodeGenFunction r ( Value a ) -> CodeGenFunction r ( Value a ) ->
CodeGenFunction r ( Value a ) mkIf mb mt me = do b <- mb tb <- newBasicBlock eb <- newBasicBlock jb <- newBasicBlock condBr b tb eb defineBasicBlock tb t <- mt br jb defineBasicBlock eb e <- me br jb defineBasicBlock jb phi [ ( t , tb ) , ( e , eb ) ]
OK , so was lying .
The translate function is not quite as easy as that .
Just as with type checking we need an environment because of variables .
It 's easy to add though , and here 's the real code .
compileExp :: ( Type a , IsFirstClass a ) => Env ->
TExp a -> CodeGenFunction r ( Value a ) compileExp _ ( TDbl d ) = return $ valueOf d compileExp _ ( TBol b ) = return $ valueOf b compileExp r ( TDbl Op op e1 e2 ) = bind2 ( dbl Op op ) ( compileExp r e1 ) ( compileExp r e2 ) compileExp r ( TBol Op op e1 e2 ) = bind2 ( bol Op op ) ( compileExp r e1 ) ( compileExp r e2 ) compileExp r ( TCmp Op op e1 e2 ) = bind2 ( cmpOp op ) ( compileExp r e1 ) ( compileExp r e2 ) compileExp r ( TIf b t e ) = mkIf ( compileExp r b ) ( compileExp r t ) ( compileExp r e ) compileExp r ( TLet i t e b ) = do e' <- compileExp ' r t e compileExp ( ( i , AValue e ' t ) :r ) b compileExp r ( TVar i ) = return $ fromJust $ castAValue the Type =<< lookup i r -- lookup cannot fail on type checked code compileExp ' :: Env ->
TTyp a -> TExp a -> CodeGenFunction r ( Value a ) compileExp ' r TTDbl e = compileExp r e compileExp ' r TTBol e = compileExp r e compileExp ' _ _ _ = error $ " compileExp ' : functions not allowed yet " data AValue = forall a .
AValue ( Value a ) ( TTyp a ) castAValue :: TTyp a -> AValue -> Maybe ( Value a ) castAValue t ( AValue v s ) = do Eq <- test t s return v type Env = [ ( Id , AValue ) ]
Exactly as for the type checking environment we stick the code generation in an environment , and use castAValue project it out of the existential container .
The fromJust call in the TVar case cannot fail on type checked code , but with my string based variable representation I have no evidence of this in the TExp so there 's actually a cast in the variable case that can fail if scope and type checking has not been performed .
The compileExp ' is placate the type checker and help it with some evidence about that we are only binding base values .
The rest of the code generation module is just house keeping .
It 's a little ugly , but not terrible .
-- | Compile a TFun into the corresponding LLVM code .
compileFunction :: ( Translate a ) => TFun a -> CodeGenModule ( Function ( RetIO a ) ) compileFunction = createFunction ExternalLinkage .
compileFun [ ] class Compile a where type CG a type RetIO a type Returns a compileFun :: Env ->
TFun a -> CG a instance Compile Double where type CG Double = CodeGenFunction Double ( ) type RetIO Double = IO Double type Returns Double = Double compileFun r ( TBody e ) = compileExp r e >>= ret --
TLam is not well typed instance Compile Bool where type CG Bool = CodeGenFunction Bool ( ) type RetIO Bool = IO Bool type Returns Bool = Bool compileFun r ( TBody e ) = compileExp r e >>= ret --
TLam is not well typed instance ( Type a , Compile b ) => Compile ( a -> b ) where type CG ( a-> b ) = Value a -> CG b type RetIO ( a -> b ) = a -> RetIO b type Returns ( a-> b ) = Returns b --
TBody is not well typed compileFun r ( TLam i t e ) = \ x -> compileFun ( ( i , AValue x t ) :r ) e
The verbosity and large number of type functions in this section has convinced me that I need to simplify some of the types and classes involved in the LLVM code generation .
To convert and LLVM module we call the JIT .
This produces a function that returns a value in the IO monad ( to be on the safe side ) so we need to get rid of the IO , and finally we can get rid of the top level IO , because externally what we are doing is really pure ( in some sense ) .
translate :: ( Translate a ) => TFun a -> a translate = unsafePerformIO . fmap unsafePurify .
simpleFunction .
compileFunction
The Translate context is just an abbreviation for a big context enforced by the LLVM functions .
It looks horrendous , but the type checker figured it out for me and I just pasted it in .
{-# LANGUAGE TypeFamilies , FlexibleContexts , ExistentialQuantification , FlexibleInstances , UndecidableInstances #-} module Compile ( Translate , translate ) where import Data .
Maybe import Prelude hiding ( and , or ) import TExp import LLVM .
Core hiding ( CmpOp ) import LLVM.ExecutionEngine import System.IO.Unsafe(unsafePerformIO ) class ( Type a , Unsafe ( RetIO a ) a , FunctionArgs ( RetIO a ) ( CG a ) ( CodeGenFunction ( Returns a ) ( ) ) , IsFunction ( RetIO a ) , Compile a , Translatable ( RetIO a ) ) =>
Translate a instance ( Type a , Unsafe ( RetIO a ) a , FunctionArgs ( RetIO a ) ( CG a ) ( CodeGenFunction ( Returns a ) ( ) ) , IsFunction ( RetIO a ) , Compile a , Translatable ( RetIO a ) ) =>
Translate a Conclusion
And that concludes the three parts of the compiler .
In about 400 lines of code we can compile a small subset of Haskell expressions to ( efficient ) machine code .
After type checking the rest of the processing is done in a type safe manner ( except for a cast in TVar ) which is the intention of the high level LLVM interface .
Oh , and if you instrument the code generator a little you can peek at the machine code being produced .
For instance , for this input to compile \ ( x :: Double ) -> let y = x *( x - 1 ) in let z = x/y + 1 in if y <= 0 then 0 else 1 /( y - z ) we get __fun1 : subl $ 12 , %esp movsd LCPI1_0 , %xmm0 movsd 16 ( %esp ) , %xmm1 movapd %xmm1 , %xmm2 subsd %xmm0 , %xmm2 mulsd %xmm1 , %xmm2 pxor %xmm3 , %xmm3 ucomisd %xmm2 , %xmm3 jae LBB1_3 LBB1_1 : divsd %xmm2 , %xmm1 addsd %xmm0 , %xmm1 subsd %xmm1 , %xmm2 movsd LCPI1_0 , % xmm0 divsd %xmm2 , % xmm0 LBB1_2 : movsd % xmm0 , ( %esp ) fldl ( %esp ) addl $ 12 , %esp ret LBB1_3 : pxor %xmm0 , %xmm0 jmp LBB1_2
Recently someone asked me on #haskell if you could use the Haskell LLVM bindings to compile some abstract syntax to a Haskell function .
Naturally I said yes , but then I realized I had only done it for a boring language with just one type .
I had no doubt that it could be done for more complicated languages with multiple types , but it might not be totally obvious how .
So I decided to write a simple compiler , and this blog post is the result .
First , a simple example : Running this program produces ( as expected ) What has happened is that the string has been parsed to an abstract syntax tree , translated into LLVM code , then to machine code , and finally turned back into a Haskell callable function .
Many things can go wrong along the way , like syntax and type errors , soreturns atype to indicate if things went right or wrong .
( A more serious version of thefunction would return an error message when something has gone wrong . )
The definition of the compilation function is simple and illustrates the flow of the compiler
The contextis there to limit the types that can actually be translated ; it 's a necessary evil and exactly what types are allowed depends on how advanced we make the compiler .
Had we ignored thetype the definitions would have beenwhich says , first parse to the type ( untyped expressions ) , then type check and turn it into the type , and finally translateinto anby LLVM compilation .
Let 's see how this all works .
The first step is to just define an abstract syntax for the expressions that we want to handle .
I 'm only allowing leading lambdas ( this a very first order language ) , so there 's a distiction between the top leveltype and the expression type .
The U prefix indicates that this version of the syntax is not yet type checked .
The definition is pretty boring , but here it is : Naturally , we want to be able to show the expressions , if nothing else so for debugging .
So I make ainstance that shows them in a nice way respecting operator precedences etc .
There 's nothing exciting going on , the large number of lines is just to cover operator printing .
We also want to be able to parse , so I 'm usingto parse the string and produce an AST .
Again , there 's nothing interesting going on .
I use the Haskell lexical analysis provided by .
This is available as arecord , which can be conveniently opened with thenotation
The parser is packaged up inwhich returns an AST if it all worked .
Since the LLVM API is typed it 's much easier to translate a typed abstract syntax tree than an untyped abstract syntax tree .
Themodule contains the definition of the typed AST and the type checker that converts to it .
There are many ways to formulate type safe abstract syntax trees .
I 've chosen to use GADTs .
I 've also picked to represent variables ( still ) by identifiers , which means that the syntax tree is not necessarily type safe .
Furthermore , I 've chosen a very limited way to represent function application since this is all I need for this example .
The variantions on this are endless .
So for instance , will be represented bywhich has type .
So the type of the expression is now accurately reflected in the type of the syntax tree .
Even thetype now has a typed equivalent where the real type is reflected .
For completeness , here 's some code for pretty printing etc .
The aim of the type checker is to transform from thetype to thetype , so basically But things can go wrong , so it 's impossible to always return a , so let 's use atype :
But wait !
This type is totally wrong .
Why ?
Because it promises that given athe type checker can returntype , i.e. , writing out the ( normally implicit ) quantifier the type is :
But this is not the case , the type checker will figure out a type and return an expression with this specific type , so the type we really want is Haskell does n't allow this type to be written this way ; we need to package up the existential type in a data type .
Like so :
It might look funny that the existential type is written with a forall , but it makes sense when looking at the type of the constructor function ( but not when doing pattern matching ) .
Now we can attempt a couple of cases of the type checker :
They look quite nice , and they actually work .
So what about something more complicated , like arithmetic ?
Denials of US interference in Iran not credible
By Peter Symonds
29 June 2009
The US administration has responded to Iranian allegations of manipulating opposition protests inside the country with flat denials .
President Obama declared last week that the United States respected Iran ’s sovereignty “ and is not at all interfering in Iran ’s affairs ” .
The American and international media , which has mounted a strident campaign in support of defeated Iranian presidential candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi , has similarly dismissed out of hand any suggestion that the US and its European allies had a hand in the events since the presidential poll on June 12 .
Just as the press never examines the claims of Mousavi and his supporters that the election was rigged , so it ignores the considerable evidence of extensive US operations against Iran , spanning a range of diplomatic , intelligence and military activities .
USA Today last week noted that the US Agency for International Development ( USAID ) was handing out $ 20 million in grants this financial year to unnamed organisations “ to promote democracy , human rights , and the rule of law in Iran ” .
For next year , the Obama administration is seeking another $ 15 million via the Near Eastern Regional Democracy Initiative , which has similar aims .
Asked whether such grants constituted interference , White House spokesman Tommy Vietor disingenuously declared : “ Let ’s be clear .
The United States does not fund any movement , faction or political party in Iran .
We support ... universal principles of human rights , free speech , and the rule of law . ”
In reality , the funding is the continuation of the Bush administration ’s efforts to establish ties with opposition groups in Iran and undermine the government .
One of the funnels for funding is the state - funded National Endowment for Democracy , which has been intimately involved in “ colour revolutions ” in Eastern Europe and the former Soviet republics .
The NED website lists a number of Iranian organisations including the National Iranian American Council as recipients of its funds .
This openly acknowledged program is , however , just the tip of the iceberg .
In a series of articles in the New Yorker , investigative journalist Seymour Hersh provided details of the Bush administration ’s efforts to foster “ regime change ” in Tehran and prepare for a military strikes .
There is no reason to believe that the Obama administration has ended any of these covert activities by the CIA and the Pentagon .
In one of his first articles entitled “ The Coming Wars ” in January 2005 , Hersh reported that the US military had been staging commando operations inside Iran for months to accumulate “ intelligence and targeting information on Iranian nuclear , chemical and missile sites ” for future military strikes .
US special forces were operating from bases inside neighbouring , US - occupied Afghanistan and Iraq .
The use of the military for covert operations avoided the formal legal constraints under which the CIA operated .
( “ US carrying out acts of war against Iran , magazine reports ” )
The WSWS also noted an article in the Guardian reporting that the Pentagon was using members of the Iranian opposition group Mujahedin - e - Khalq ( MEK ) for intelligence operations inside Iran .
The MEK , which is listed as a terrorist organisation by the US State Department , had been under the protection of Saddam Hussein , having fought on Iraq ’s side during the Iran - Iraq War in the 1980s .
Following the US occupation of Iraq , the group was based at Camp Ashraf near Baghdad , watched over by American troops .
In 2006 , US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice sought an extra $ 75 million to fund anti-Tehran propaganda and support opposition groups inside and outside the country .
While avoiding the use of the term “ regime change , ” Rice told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee that the US intended to “ actively confront ” Iran .
Congress eventually approved $ 66 million — a major expansion from the previous year ’s $ 10 million .
Lacking any diplomatic presence in Iran , the State Department set up a small outpost in Dubai in the United Arab Emirates — the Iranian Regional Presence Office — ostensibly to monitor Iranian state television and talk to Iranians who travelled there .
The extra funding was part of stepped - up US activities against the Iranian regime amid increasingly strident , but unsubstantiated , claims that Tehran was building nuclear weapons , arming anti-US insurgents inside Iraq and Afghanistan , and supporting “ terrorism ” throughout the Middle East .
In a February 2007 article entitled “ The Redirection , ” Hersh focussed on US efforts to counter Iran throughout the Middle East by forging a coalition of “ moderate ” states , including Saudi Arabia and Israel .
The article provided details of US covert operations inside Lebanon , Syria and Iran , including the use of Al Qaeda - linked Sunni groups deeply hostile to Shiite Iran .
( “ The Bush administration ’s new strategy of setting the Middle East aflame ” )
In January 2007 , the Boston Globe reported that the Bush administration had established the Iran Syria Policy and Operations Group ( ISOG ) , involving senior officials from the Pentagon , State Department , Treasury , the CIA and National Security Council , with a broad brief to consolidate the US military alliance against Tehran , covertly finance Iranian dissidents and opposition groups and isolate Iran economically .
Elizabeth Cheney , daughter of former Vice President Dick Cheney , had initially headed ISOG , having been in charge of the State Department ’s Iranian Affairs office that dispensed “ pro-democracy ” funding to Iranian opposition groups .
The Los Angeles Times noted in 2006 that the Pentagon had already established its own Directorate for Iran , modelled on the notorious Office of Special Plans that played a major role in concocting the lies to justify the invasion of Iraq .
( “ The Bush administration ’s committee for regime change in Iran ” )
Reports also emerged in 2006 and 2007 that the US was covertly assisting armed guerrillas based among Iran ’s ethnic minorities to wage war against the Iranian regime .
Two bombings in Zahedan in southeastern Iran that killed members of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps raised questions about US support for a Sunni extremist group , Jundallah , based among Iran ’s Baluch minority .
In other circumstances , the US would brand Jundallah as Al Qaeda .
In a November 2006 article , Hersh noted that the Pentagon had established “ covert relationships with Kurdish , Azeri and Baluchi tribesmen and had encouraged their efforts to undermine the regime ’s authority in northern and southeastern Iran ” .
ABC
News published several reports in April 2007 indicating that US officials were in regular contact with the Jundallah leader , Abd el Malik Regi .
( “ Is the Bush administration behind the bombings in Iran ? ” )
The Pentagon was further implicated in backing Party for Free Life in Kurdistan ( PJAK ) guerrillas operating from northern Iraq against targets inside the neighbouring Kurdish areas of Iran .
A spate of articles appeared in the US press after Iran retaliated by shelling PJAK bases .
Journalists met with PJAK leaders who were clearly operating with tacit US approval .
While both sides were coy about acknowledging direct American support , PJAK leader Rahman Haji Ahmadi had travelled to Washington in 2006 to meet with senior US officials .
The US was clearly walking a fine line as the PJAK “ freedom fighters ” were linked to the Kurdistan Workers Party ( PKK ) , which was carrying out its own war inside Turkey , a US ally , and was branded a “ terrorist ” organisation by the US State Department .
( “ Washington ’s proxy war inside Kurdish Iran ” )
In mid-2007 , ABC News reported that President Bush had signed a formal presidential finding earlier in the year , authorising “ a CIA plan that reportedly includes a coordinated campaign of propaganda , disinformation and manipulation of Iran ’s currency and international financial transactions ” .
A detailed article by Hersh last July entitled “ Preparing the Battlefield ” provided further details of the presidential finding , which authorised the CIA to engage in extensive activities in support of dissident groups inside Iran , as well as minority Ahwazi Arab and Baluchi groups , at a cost of $ 400 million .
The CIA was working hand in hand with US special forces , who , according to Hersh , were involved in “ seizing members of Al Quds , the commando arm of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard , and taking them to Iraq for interrogation , and the pursuit of ‘ high - value targets ’ in the President ’s war on terror , who may be captured or killed ” .
Hersh noted that the scale and the scope of such operations had been significantly expanded .
Significantly , the presidential finding had been approved by four senior Democrats — House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , Senate Intelligence Committee chairman Jay Rockefeller and House Intelligence Committee chairman Silvestre Reyes .
The Democrat backing for Bush ’s finding underscores the bipartisan character of the US operations against Iran , which are aimed at securing a regime in Tehran more amenable to US strategic and economic interests in the energy - rich Middle East and Central Asian regions .
( “ As war clouds gather : Democrats back covert US attacks on Iran ” )
The advent of the Obama administration resulted in a tactical shift in US foreign policy , not a fundamental change in direction .
Sections of the US political establishment regarded the Bush administration ’s war in Iraq as disastrous to America ’s standing and interests in the region and pressed for a refocussing on the rapidly deteriorating situation in Afghanistan and neighbouring Pakistan .
Iran , which is at the strategic crossroads between the Middle East and Central Asia , was always central to US plans .
While Obama has mooted negotiations with Iran to reach a political accommodation , his administration is undoubtedly keeping all its options open .
It is not possible at this stage to determine the full extent of US involvement in the recent Iranian presidential elections and the subsequent protests .
However , the entire campaign run by Mir Hossein Mousavi before and after the poll bears an uncanny resemblance to previous US - backed “ colour revolutions ” in Eastern Europe and former Soviet Republics .
Given the intensive activities of the CIA , Pentagon and State Department , not only in recent years , but going back to the 1953 US - backed coup that overthrew the nationalist Prime Minister Mohammad Mossadeq , it certainly can be ruled out that the Obama administration has simply sat back and watched events unfold .
The dating scene is not an easy one .
There are the usual quandaries – dinner or just drinks ; sleep over or the token kiss on the cheek ?
Add to those basic issues the meltdown of all things economy - related , and the idea of going on a date might send even the most romantic Romeo & Juliet running for the hills , or a monastery .
Never fear , your resident cupid is here .
And it is n’t my first time playing the part , I might add .
I ’ve encouraged you to have more sex ( safely , please ) , taught you tips for lassoing yourself a green goddess girlfriend and researched how to eco your “ toys ” .
But since everyone ’s handbag is hurting of late and doling out more dough for a date is n’t easy , why not try some simple serenading ?
Indoors or out , it ’s easier than you ’d expect to find fun for free .
Here are a few suggestions :
Play board games .
Add “ strip ” to the name if you ’re feeling frisky .
Pick up a free weekly ( i.e. LA Weekly ) and peruse it for outdoor concerts .
Free music is good for the soul and your solvency .
Volunteer at a pet rescue .
The best filter for a good guy or gal is whether they play well with animals .
Visit a gallery and immerse yourselves in art for an afternoon .
Walk “ ¦without a destination .
Just walk somewhere , anywhere ; then turn around and walk back .
Also a good excuse to hold hands .
Window shop .
Tiffany & Co. is as good a place as any to get the juices flowing .
Or maybe it ’s just me that salivates at the sight of sparkly , shiny things .
Take a hike , but hike to the hike rather than drive , if possible .
( Yes , hiking is somewhat similar to walking but give me a break , I ’m making a long list here ) .
Skinny dip .
What ’s more freeing than a swim in your birthday suit ?
People watch .
There really is n’t an easier or more amusing activity , and it can happen anywhere at any time .
Stargaze .
This one happens at night , in the dark , of course .
Go swinging .
No , not that kind of swinging !
I ’m referring to the playground type of swing .
Slides are fun too .
Read a book or magazine .
Add cuddle and couch for the perfect recipe .
Play a sport .
Any sport with a ball of some sort will do , like soccer , football , basketball or volleyball .
A little healthy competition while working up a sweat is a good thing .
Spend Sunday morning cruising the neighborhood yard sales for free stuff .
Make a meal with what you find in the kitchen .
No shopping allowed .
Use your collective palettes to whip up something yummy out of nothing .
Bon appetit .
Trade massages .
Flip a coin to see who “ gives ” first because once you get rubbed it ’s not as easy to summon up the strength to give .
Enjoy nature , which is n’t as easy as you might think .
Whether you live in the mountains or by the beach , make a date to really experience your surroundings .
Wiggle your toes in the sand or dirt .
Dance with your bare feet in the water .
Take a bubble bath ( note : suggested for a date other than the first ) .
Peruse a book store for an hour or two and make use of your hard - earned ( unused ) English B.A .
Go on a bike ride – short or long ; rigorous or relaxing .
Whatever works with your schedule and way of life .
House - hunt , even if you ’re not in the market for a house .
Walk through your neighborhood scoping homes and planning the design of your dream house .
Take turns telling each other stories – the imaginary kind , because creativity is a lovely way to lure you toward all sorts of fun activities .
Make out .
Yes , I mean kissing .
Try it in the car or living room ; at the book store or while on a hike .
But ignore the person who tells you to “ get a room ” , because … that ’ll cost you .
Images : pospressure , Jacob Davies , Lee Coursey , POSITiv , wickenden , brewbooks , Sklathill , matticgn , Katie@ ! , joebeone , TheTruthAbout
Buyer 's remorse .
It ’s been around forever and is especially rife in the gadget world , where every year there is a smaller , faster or cuter version of every device you own .
But where a product ’s life used to be measured in years , now it can be just months .
In the cellphone market , this is particularly dangerous :
You sign up for a 24 month relationship with a single gadget , but even as you pen your name on the line you know you ’ll be tempted to cheat in less than a year .
Now , right or wrong , buyers are fighting back and trying to force manufacturers to give them cheap upgrades .
Sometimes they have a case , but most of the time they ’re just whining .
Here are five of the worst examples we 've seen this year .
i Phone 3G and 3GS
Apple seems to attract a lot of upgrade envy , possibly because of a relatively small and easy - to - understand product lineup , or possibly because the company gets publicity like no other .
Right now the problem is the iPhone 3GS .
Current iPhone 3G owners wanting to get their hands on the new phone will have to pay $ 700 for the top - of - the - line 32 - GB handset , $ 400 more than the cost for new customers .
This is n’t the first time Apple has annoyed its customers with iPhone pricing — the original iPhone cost $ 600 on launch and then dropped to $ 400 just a couple of months later .
In that case , Apple actually listened to all the whiners and issued a $ 100 store credit to early adopters .
The difference this time , though , is that people who signed up for a two - year contract are now complaining , even though they knew this would happen .
They bought a subsidized handset in return for being a customer for the next two years , and now they want to change their minds .
Our advice ?
Suck it up , and quit whining .
Kindle 2 and DX
Amazon certainly engaged in some questionable product - launch scheduling this year .
The Kindle 2 replaced the original Kindle , and barely a month after it started shipping , along came the Kindle DX , a bigger , more expensive version of the e-book reader with PDF - compatibility and a display viewable in landscape format .
There was an outcry , and many Kindle 2 buyers tried to return their perfectly good devices so they could upgrade to the new one .
“ Unfair ! " they cried , saying that Amazon was somehow in the wrong for announcing two products so close to each other .
But this is , again , nonsense .
The Kindle and the Kindle DX are quite different products .
One is a reader for novels and the like , the other is for textbooks and research papers .
The DX is really too big to carry for most people , but it is still a lot smaller than a suitcase full of reference books .
Analog TV and Digital TV
You might laugh , but it ’s possible that somebody , somewhere , has bought an analog - only TV this year .
If the message about the big switch - off was so badly communicated that the Obama administration delayed the throwing of that switch until today , it was badly communicated enough that some hillbilly might have sprung for a new set in the last few months .
In this case , though , there really is someone to blame .
Sure , the cousin - marriers might be excused for not keeping on top of the tech news , but the TV stores cannot .
We imagine , though , that it is very unlikely : Most of the suppliers , and even the cable companies , are lying about the digital switch to get people to upgrade to unneeded new plans and equipment .
Personal GPS and Every Cellphone
If you have recently bought a personal GPS device , then you really should n’t have bothered .
Many cellphones have one already , and in the next year or so we think that GPS will become as ubiquitous in phones as cameras have .
While in - car GPS units still have advantages — they ’re harder to steal if they come as standard , they can hook into the car ’s speakers , and they can have a big , juicy antenna to suck in the satellite signals , personal GPS devices have little to recommend them over the ones in phones .
Megapixels and More Megapixels
Believe it or not , we 've actually read complaints from D3 owners that they felt cheated by Nikon 's announcement of the D3x , despite the fact that the cameras have almost completely opposite purposes .
The older D3 is a dream camera for many .
It has a 12 - megapixel sensor which can see in the dark , and it costs around $ 5,000 .
If you have bought one of these , it 's likely you know a lot about cameras and have plenty of experience .
The D3x , on the other hand , is a 24.5 - megapixel monster that weighs in at $ 8,000 and is better suited to a brightly lit fashion studio than a dark sports stadium .
As we said , two completely different cameras in purpose , and yet even smart people , people willing to pay thousands for a camera , are seduced by megapixels .
Is this buyer 's remorse ... or just buyer 's stupidity ?
Brenda Brathwaite was in a bit of a rut .
After 28 years in the game industry and a couple dozen titles shipped , she wanted a change of pace .
As much as she enjoyed designing games and passing them onto burgeoning teams of programmers , artists and animators , she missed the satisfaction of doing everything herself .
Digital games were great and all , but when she played a pair developed by different teams that felt nearly identical , she realized it was time to pull the plug .
Thus began perhaps the most shocking , entertaining and awe - inspiring talk at this year 's Triangle Game Conference , " How I Dumped Electricity and Learned to Love Design . "
Brathwaite 's presentation focused on six experimental tabletop games she created on her short hiatus from digital development and how they re-ignited her passion for game design .
The first game came about after a discussion with her 10 - year - old daughter about an elementary school lesson on the slave trade .
While her daughter had all the facts memorized , Brathwaite was dismayed to learn that she did n't grasp what the Middle Passage was like for the Africans who were kidnapped and shipped across the Atlantic .
So she did what any game designer worth her salt would do :
She made a game out of it .
Brathwaite assembled a collection of tiny wooden figures , then had her daughter group them into " families . "
After her daughter was finished , she picked them up by the handful and placed them on a makeshift boat .
Her daughter was confused :
Why would she take the parents but leave the baby ?
Why would n't brothers stay with their sisters ?
" No one wants to go , " Brathwaite explained .
That 's when it started to click .
Then Brathwaite devised a primitive resource management mechanic .
It took 10 turns for the boat to cross the Atlantic .
The boat had 30 units of food .
Each turn , the player had to roll a d6 , and reduce their food stores by that number .
By the trip 's halfway point , it was clear to her daughter that her " cargo " would n't make it .
It was n't a " fun " game by any means , but it served a different purpose :
It helped her daughter intuitively understand the emotional experience of the slave trade , a lesson that numbers on a chalkboard could n't provide .
At that point , Brathwaite was hooked .
Her subsequent projects dealt with other uncomfortable historical moments .
One simulated Oliver Cromwell 's invasion of Ireland in the mid-17th century , a game wherein the object was n't to win , but " to lose the least . "
But no one in the audience was prepared for her third game , unassumingly titled Train .
The object of Train is to get a collection of people from Point A to Point B by placing them in a boxcar and sending them on their merry way .
Played among a group of three people , players draw cards from a pile that can impede other players or free them from existing obstacles .
The first player to reach the end of the line wins .
The destination ?
Auschwitz .
The " game " did n't stop there , however .
The game board , pictured above , is an allusion to Kristallnacht - Brathwaite explained that she needed to break a fresh piece of glass each time she " installed " her work in a new location to properly evoke the violence of the experience .
She even typed the game 's instructions on an actual SS typewriter , which she purchased solely for that purpose .
There were audible gasps in the audience when Brathwaite revealed Train 's shocking conclusion ; one attendee was so moved by the experience that she left the conference room in tears .
But Brathwaite 's intention was n't to invite controversy - just like her game about the Middle Passage , she wanted to create a game that affected people deeply .
Judging from Train 's reception so far , she succeeded .
Commandant Louis Joseph Lahure has a singular distinction in military history — he defeated a navy on horseback .
Occupying Holland in January 1795 , the French continental army learned that the mighty Dutch navy had been frozen into the ice around Texel Island .
So Lahure and 128 men simply rode up to it and demanded surrender .
No shots were fired .
Vanessa George was arrested at her home A nursery worker has been charged with four counts of sexual assault and three counts relating to the distribution of indecent images of children .
Vanessa George , 39 , of Plymouth , Devon , was arrested at her home in the Efford area of the city on Monday night .
Police said they believed some images found may have been taken inside the Little Ted 's nursery where she worked .
Ms George is in police custody and due to appear before Plymouth Magistrates ' Court on Thursday , officers said .
As well as the sexual assault charges , Ms George faces one count each of making , possessing and distributing indecent images of children .
Little Ted 's nursery , in Laira , remains closed .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
About 40 police officers are working on the case , including internet crime investigators .
Children 's care specialists are also involved in the operation , police said .
At a police press conference on Wednesday afternoon , Ch Supt Jim Webster of Devon and Cornwall Police said officers realised it was a " very sensitive issue " and a " significant and distressing situation " .
Police said work was under way to identify the children in the images , some of which were found on a camera phone , but added it was possible that not all of them would be traced because some pictures were only of torsos .
However , Det Ch Supt Russ Middleton , head of Devon and Cornwall CID , told the conference : " It is safe to say we believe some of the images were taken in the nursery , but others ... it is impossible to say where that may be . "
The nursery remains closed Police added that they were to carry out investigations on computer equipment that had been seized , and that a caravan near Harlyn Bay , near Padstow in Cornwall , had been searched as well .
Plymouth City Council and the NHS in Plymouth said that support would be provided for the children and families who used the nursery .
The council 's director of Children 's Services , Bronwyn Lacey , said about 95 families were being contacted .
She said : " Our plan is that today every family that we know about will have had either a phone call or a visit by a social worker and a police family liaison officer . "
Police said they were continuing to speak to staff and parents of children who used the nursery .
About 100 people attended a meeting on Tuesday evening held by police and local council child care staff for parents whose children attended the nursery .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Ch Supt Webster said : " Last night 's meeting was well attended by those people associated with the nursery and we took the opportunity to allay their fears where possible and also further the police investigation into the allegations .
" We will continue to liaise with local groups and people associated with the nursery and are committed with our partners to update concerned and interested parties at the earliest opportunity . "
Police gave no indication as to when the nursery , which caters for about 60 children , would reopen .
Ms George was arrested after Devon and Cornwall Police were contacted by officers in Manchester after a 38 - year - old man from near Rochdale was charged in connection with the investigation .
The man , from Littleborough , appeared at Trafford Magistrates ' Court on Tuesday charged with possessing and distributing indecent images .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Even if times are tough , working parents are happier on the job
This is a slash : /.
Because the top of it leans forward , it is sometimes called a “ forward slash . ”
This is a backslash : \. Notice the way it leans back , distinguishing it from the regular slash .
Slashes are often used to indicate directories and subdirectories in computer systems such as Unix and in World Wide Web addresses .
Unfortunately , many people , assuming “ backslash ” is some sort of technical term for the regular slash , use the term incorrectly , which risks confusing those who know enough to distinguish between the two but not enough to realize that Web addresses rarely contain backslashes .
Back to list of errors
BUY THE BOOK !
Palin informs us this week that John McCain ’s presidential campaign staff was unworthy of being prayed with .
Considering Jesus reached out to even the harlots , that ’s quite a charge from Palin .
It ’s hard to come up with a better example of what ’s wrong with the Republican party today .
Sarah Palin , and the rest of the conservative wing that runs the Republican party , think they literally speak for God , judging who is and is n’t worthy of the Lord .
It ’s pretty sickening that this deluded woman had a chance at running our country .
Later in the speech , she told a story about praying for strength before last October ’s Vice Presidential debate with Joe Biden in St. Louis .
“ So I ’m looking around for somebody to pray with , I just need maybe a little help , maybe a little extra , ” she said .
“ And the McCain campaign , love ’em , you know , they ’re a lot of people around me , but nobody I could find that I wanted to hold hands with and pray . ”
As the crowd laughed , Palin grinned and said she meant no disrespect to the McCain campaign .
She said she ultimately prayed with her daughter Piper .
Posted by Sander_Marechal on Dec 10 , 2007 3:28 PM EDT
LXer Linux News ; By H. Kwint ( The Netherlands )
Mail this story
Print this story
LXer Feature : 10 - Dec - 2007
Back in 1999 I remember the first PC entered our house coming preloaded with Windows 98 .
One of the things I liked about it was the defragmentation screen where blocks presenting ' datablocks ' on the harddrive were moving over the screen for almost eternally .
I remember at that time it seemed like a logical maintenance requirement for any filesystem .
However , when I started using Linux four years later , I was told that with Linux I did n't need to defragment my filesystems anymore , since Linux filesystems do n't get fragmented in first place .
At that time it left me puzzled , but after a few years of using Linux without defragmenting my filesystems - and without any problems !
- it seemed defragmentation was something antique .
Nonetheless I still wondered how on earth it was possible the 100k + files in Gentoo 's portage system - updated every time I synchronize the portage tree - did n't fragment my filesystem .
Or was my filesystem fragmented and did I not know ?
Only recently , I found a script that is actually able to put numbers to all this gut - feelings , and the results were quite surprising in my opinion .
It was in a LXer discussion one of our readers suggested all those portage updates and temporary files in the compilation process lead to serious fragmentation of a Gentoo Linux system .
That 's true , when looking at the output of an ' emerge ' process , there 's a tremendous lot of files being created , copied or moved , and finally deleted .
Not to speak about when the portage tree is updated .
Probably , for normal usage , a Gentoo Linux system has one of the biggest numbers of this kind of file operations .
Therefore , I figured , filesystems on a Gentoo Linux system were the ideal test to see if the Linux filesystems could live up to my expectations .
However , since most people believe Linux filesystems do n't need defragmentation , it was quite hard to find a tool which measures filesystem fragmentation .
Nonetheless , I found one in the Gentoo forums .
Here 's the great part :
You can use it yourself to measure filesystem fragmentation of your own filesystems !
I do n't know under what license the content of Gentoo - forums is , so therefore I 'll provide a short HOWTO .
Credits go to Gentoo - user _droop_ for producing this perl script .
Copy over the perl code from the forum , and paste it in your favourite editor .
Save , for example as frag.pl , change the file - modes so it becomes executable ; for example
$ chmod 750 frag.pl Run on a filesystem !
$./ frag.pl << argument >>
The argument should be the mount - point of one of your mounted filesystems if you want to know the fragmentation of a particular file system , like / or /usr or so .
More interesting maybe is the ability to fill in any directory you like , for example I tested it on a directory where my P2P program occasionally puts some music ; / home / kwint / music - only to find out my average mp3 in that dir consists of more than 50 fragments !
It seems you must be root to do this scan , so I advise you to use sudo .
A typical outcome would be : $ sudo ./ frag.pl /root
Password :
3.2258064516129 % non contiguous files , 1.04838709677419 average fragments .
Now , let 's look at some actual numbers , from my two Gentoo boxes .
In both cases , the portage tree has been synchronized more than fifty times , and both boxes are in use for about one year and a half .
The results are , less than 4 % of the files on my /usr and / var partition are fragmented .
On Gentoo , / var is where the actual compile takes place , once compiled Gentoo moves the files to /usr .
The files over there have a maximum of consisting of an average of 1,11 fragments .
I would consider that as a very neat score - especially since I use the - notail and - noatime options for ReiserFS .
It seems those options make my ReiserFS more susceptible to file fragmentation .
Back to my results , I 'm sure the Windows defragmentation utility would say I do n't need to defragment .
But what if I _would_ like to defragment my filesystem , would that be possible ?
Well , though there 's no official ' compiled ' application for it as far as I could find , you can try Con Kolivas ' script .
For example , my / home partition contains 13G of files .
Some of them are rather large like one - Gigabyte VMWare image files and some Linux iso's , all of it is on ReiserFS again by the way .
Results were really bad : 6 fragments per file on average .
This seemed like a good testing ground for Con 's script , so I gave it a spin .
The results were quite stunning .
I first tested it on my / home / kwint / music directory , where the average number of fragments per file were the 50 I mentioned above .
After running Con 's script this was reduced to 1.1 , and the percentage of non-contiguous files dropped from 70 % to 10 % !
This took only seven seconds to complete , and only 21 large files were touched .
For your information , I 'm running 2x5400rpm PATA disks in software RAID0 by means of EVMS here .
Since this was a success , I decided I might as well ' defragment ' my whole / home partition .
This time , over 6000 files had to be defragmented , which of course took far more time , 22 minutes eventually .
It was worth it , while the number of fragmented files only dropped from 7 % to 8 % - that must be because only some large files are defragmented , the average number of fragments per file dropped from 6 to 1,5 .
Conclusion
Though I only tested two PC's , here 's what I found :
File fragmentation mainly happens in filesystems which contain some large files .
You do n't have to worry about your / usr or / var directory being fragmented , since they do n't contain many large files .
As the results show , it 's worth the effort to try Con Kolivas defragmentation script .
Please , if you try the scripts share your findings and react in the threads below !
Civil Disobedience : A Proposal
Longtime gay activist Cleve Jones is leading the charge for the " National Equality March , " a gay march on Washington called for October 11 of this year .
Many folks are opposed — there 's not enough time to organize a march , Congress is n't in session that week , marches do n't accomplish much , a march eats up resources and energy — and Queerty has a good point / counterpoint interview / argument with Cleve .
I 'm officially agnostic : if people want to march , they can march .
But I have suggestion for an ongoing , smaller - scale action that would have a larger impact than a one - off " march " through an empty city .
My idea would need fewer than a 1000 people to succeed — 730 to be exact — and it would n't be over in a day .
It would go on , day - in , day - out , every day , for a year .
Hell , it could go on indefinitely .
It involves civil disobedience and the 730 volunteers would have to be willing to get arrested .
People who are unable to participate could make donations to help cover the expenses — legal expenses and travel expenses — of those who can .
Here 's the idea : one gay or lesbian couple — a couple currently denied their rights under DOMA — shows up at the entrance to the White House grounds .
A different couple every day .
They ask to speak to the president about DOMA .
They 're refused .
They sit down .
They refuse to leave .
They 're arrested , carried away by the police .
Couples would be recruited from all over the country , demonstrating that gay marriage is n't just an issue in liberal California or godless New England , and the media in each couple 's home city and state would be notified in advance of their arrest .
The occasional famous couple — Rosie and Kelli ? Ellen and Portia ? — would participate to pull in celeb media .
But most of the couples who come to D.C. to get arrested would be average folks .
The couples would need support , legal and logistical , and we would need someone to organize media outreach and maintain a website .
The website would include a photo and profile of each couple that comes to D.C. to get arrested , collect all the press , and be used to recruit couples willing to travel to D.C. and get arrested .
The action would be small scale — it would be human scale — and it would go on and on and on .
It would demonstrate better than another gay march just how seriously we take this issue : we take it seriously that we 're willing to travel to D.C. and get arrested .
It would n't be a one - day event that the White House could ignore or bluff its way through with some lame statement about its " commitment " to ending DOMA .
The couples would keep coming .
Every day an arrest .
Drip , drip , drip .
Members of the White House press corps would see couples getting arrested every day on their way to work .
Gibbs would be forced to address DOMA on a near - daily basis .
The president would be asked about the issue again and again .
My boyfriend — who does n't do demonstrations ( or interviews or photos or anything public ) — is so upset about the DOMA brief that he 's willing to go to D.C. and get arrested .
So am I .
We can't be the only couple that feels this way .
Instead , the House and Senate provided $ 37.5 million program for Arrow - 3 , meant to enable the destruction of Iran 's Shihab - 3 intermediate - range and Syria 's Scud D medium - range missiles .
Congress also increased the U.S. contribution for David 's Sling by up to $ 25 million .
Obama had requested $ 45.8 million for David 's Sling , which received $ 72.9 million in 2009 .
David 's Sling has been a project of Israel 's Rafael Advanced Defense Systems and the U.S. firm Raytheon .
The sources said they do not expect the administration to battle the congressional decision to restore U.S. aid to Israel .
The House Foreign Affairs Committee , in an amendment to the foreign aid bill , expressed support for " complete accelerated co-production of Arrow missiles . "
" It is the sense of Congress that Israel has the inalienable right to defend itself in the face of an imminent nuclear or military threat from Iran , terrorist organizations and the countries that harbor them , " Rep. Pete Sessions , a Texas Republican , said .
Congress also ordered an early transfer of U.S. military aid to Israel as part of the supplemental budget , signed by Obama on June 24 .
Under the bill , Israel would receive $ 555 million meant for fiscal 2010 .
The WWLLN – World Wide Lightning Location Network - is an experimental , collaborative project headquartered at the University of Washington in Seattle .
They gather data from sensors located around the globe , then process the data so it can be plotted and regularly updated on maps for scientific use .
The project is continually being updated and improved , and recently they installed a new main computer for the central processing work .
Professor Robert Holzworth is the director of this project and discussed some of the technical aspects and challenges of this work .
Q : Can you give a brief historical background of your career and the creation of this network project ?
RHH : In my PhD experiment at the University of California , Berkeley , I studied space physics problems using electric field measurements on stratospheric balloons .
During that project we had to throw away about 10 % of our data , because the balloons were too near thunderstorms and therefore those fields had no relationship to the magnetosphere or ionosphere ( which have much smaller electric fields than seen near thunderstorms ) .
So , as a result of my PhD research I got interested in lightning and thunderstorms because we had some of the best vector electric field data above thunderstorms .
Since then I have launched over 50 scientific balloons , 5 rocket payloads and three satellite instruments , for research projects funded by NSF , NASA and the DOD .
As a result of our good data on thunderstorms and lightning , my research has moved into detailed studies of the upward coupling of lightning and thunderstorm energy into the upper atmosphere and ionosphere .
Many of the outstanding problems relate to the global electric circuit which is believed to be driven by the action of global thunderstorms .
However , no one had a method for determining the instantaneous level of global lightning activity , so we looked into that problem .
In my PhD thesis I developed a crude index of global lightning activity from some radio data that was collected at a few stations round the globe .
These stations counted ‘ sferics ’ or ‘ atmospherics ’ which are radio noise transients caused by lightning .
In my early research I often worked with a colleague from New Zealand ( Richard Dowden , now long retired ) , who built payloads for some of my balloon experiments .
Dowden and his Physics students at the University of Otago studied space physics using radio waves in the VLF ( Very Low Frequency ) band , which also turns out to be the band with the peak power from lightning .
Dowden and his student James Brundell had patented a technique for locating lightning using the VLF radio waves from lightning .
Because of my interest in the global physics problems that can be addressed with a global lightning network , I became involved with the fledgling network , originally called the Toga network , operating primarily in the southern Pacific region ..
The WWLLN ( World Wide Lightning Location Network ) grew out of the Toga network , and now covers the globe , locating over 10 million strokes per month globally .
I have been directing the WWLLN network since its global expansion and presently operate it with help from colleagues at the University of Washington , as well as two of Dowden ’s former students : Drs. James Brundell and Craig Rodger .
24 hr. lightning animation
click for current data Q :
What method does the system use to detect a lightning discharge ?
Does it use a form of triangulation , similar to the GPS system , to plot location ?
RHH : Not triangulation but time of arrival , or TOA .
TOA systems use a well timed transient detection from multiple locations to work backwards and figure out where the lightning must have originated in order to reach all those stations at the times they were detected .
We have 40 or more receiving stations all around the world , which ‘ listen ’ to the radio noise from lightning ( called sferics ) .
When a station decides a transient pulse is probably lightning , then it time - tags the transient , and sends that exact time , accurate to about a few microseconds , to the WWLLN computers in Seattle , and the backup in Dunedin , New Zealand .
These computers then calculate the best fit for lightning strokes to match the times of arrival at the stations .
Actually this system works as well as it does because we use the time of Group arrival , or TOGA , not just the time of arrival ( TOA ) .
The TOGA is essentially the time of arrival of the peak energy at each station .
Since the peak lightning energy is usually generated at about 10 to 15 kiloHertz , the TOGA is not the first energy to arrive , but a time in the middle of the lightning pulse .
When we were first using just the TOA , we were only able to achieve location accuracies of within about 100 km .
Now , using the TOGA , we can locate lightning anywhere in the world to within about 5 to 10 kilometers , which is about the wavelength of these VLF waves .
That means the lightning is located within the storm , since most thunderstorms have dimensions of about 10 km or so .
Q : Is there a threshold where a discharge can't be reliably detected ?
RHH : Yes , WWLLN locates lightning which has peak current above about 40 kiloAmps .
That means we detect the most energetic tail of the lightning distribution .
So we only locate about 10 to 20 percent of all lightning , but our studies have shown that we do locate nearly 100 % of lightning - generating storms .
This is not an intrinsic limitation on the method .
That is , we have to limit the total amount of data sent over the internet so our computers can handle all the calculations in real - time , and so our remote stations with poor or expensive internet connections can keep up .
We do that by setting a threshold at each station , so the station does not send too many TOGAs .
We therefore concentrate on the largest lightning strokes , which are also the ones that are often of most scientific interest for global studies .
Q : You 're now in the process of improving the " plot " accuracy by increasing the number of global detectors .
What areas of the globe currently have the best coverage , and what areas would you like to have more ?
RHH : We have great coverage in the Pacific , North and South America , Europe and in Southeast Asia .
We need to improve our coverage in Africa , and central and northern Asia .
Since our technique requires stations to have a continuous broad band internet connection , we have had difficulty getting partners in politically unstable , or developing countries .
Since the VLF radiation from lightning propagates very well over oceans , but not so well over land , we have tried to place many of our stations at the margins of the continents , such as our Antarctic stations .
No , there is not a lot of lightning in Antarctica , but a station there , along the coast , can detect lightning sferics from great distances , well into the northern hemisphere .
We will install over a dozen new stations this year , and hope to have 60 stations by late in 2010 .
Q : Does the latency of the Internet have much effect or pose much of a problem with the ideal operation of the system ?
RHH : Not really .
The longest internet delay for a packet , assuming it gets through at all , is usually less than 1 second .
So , we typically accumulate data for several seconds before we start trying to find solutions for the best fit to the TOGAs .
We loose a few percent of data because of packet collisions which are never sorted out .
This is because we use the UDP packet protocol , which does not have a handshake .
It is a send - and - forget system , but it has a very low overhead in internet bandwidth .
Each TOGA is sent as a UDP internet packet which has about 50 bytes of information including the time to very high accuracy .
Each packet is sequentially numbered , so we know when we loose a packet , and the total lost is very , very small overall .
In fact , without the internet , and without GPS for cheap , high timing accuracy we could not do this network .
Q : On your website you 're welcoming individuals or organizations to host a new detector location in order to improve the networks detection capability .
Can you describe what a detector consists of , what the responsibilities of the " host " would be , and what your criteria is to become a host ?
RHH : Each WWLLN receiving station consists of a VLF antenna ( about 2 - m of wire , inside a 2 inch PVC pipe ) , along with a preamp , and a GPS antenna .
These antennas and the preamp are mounted on a rooftop , and connected to a small electronic box which houses the GPS engine , and electronics for the preamp .
This small electronics box sits inside , next to a PC , which is connected to the internet .
Both the GPS and the VLF radio signals are fed into the computer from the small electronics box .
Except for the VLF antenna ( inside a 3 - meter 2 " diameter PVC pipe ) , all the rest of the extra electronics fits into a box the size of a small suitcase for shipping .
Each host typically provides the PC , which does not have to be the latest and fastest , but it does need to have a Linux operating system to run our code .
Yes , we welcome new hosts especially at locations that will help fill in our holes in north and east Asia , India , and anywhere in Africa .
WWLLN provides all the receiving hardware , and the host provides the Internet , as well as keeps the power and Internet connected .
In exchange , WWLLN gives ALL the global lightning data to each host , either by monthly CD or weekly download .
The host does not need to monitor their equipment , WWLLN operators do that .
We inform the host if there is any problem .
Many stations have been on and operating without interruption for years at a time .
This is possible because we use dedicated Linux systems that are very , very reliable , and originally designed ( Unix ) for network control ( such as the phone system ) .
We have a lot of information on line at our main website : http://wwlln.net or potential hosts can contact me directly at bobholz@uw.edu
The only limitation we have on hosts is that we need to build and test all these systems before we send them .
So , we are concentrating on filling in our weak places before we welcome anyone in any random location .
A potential host can look at our maps at our main web page , and decide if your location is , say , about 1,000 km from any other WWLLN station , and then , we would very much welcome your participation immediately .
Q : Our business office last year suffered significant equipment damage as a result of an unexpected lightning strike - even with a multi- layered surge suppression system .
Are there practical ways for computer users to receive warning when they should shut - down and disconnect their valuable equipment ?
RHH : WWLLN is not really the best system for immediate lightning protection .
We do a great job at predicting , or ‘ now casting ’ the location and movement of severe storms , but I do n’t want your readers to think that WWLLN can be effectively used for lightning protection .
If you have a golf course , or if you have particularly sensitive equipment that needs to be protected from lightning transients , I recommend one of many commercially available lightning monitors , which do n’t really tell you exactly where the lightning is located , but can give you an idea that lightning is occurring nearby .
Also , for computers , if you want to isolate yourself from the main power glitches , which could be caused by nearby lightning , then you should power your computer and your network switch with a UPS ( uninterruptible power supply , often called a ‘ No Break ’ ) .
Then , when your hair stands on end , or you hear static on your radio , just unplug the UPS from the power mains , without messing up your computer , or your connectivity !
A UPS that will power a PC for about 20 minutes costs about $ 100 in the USA .
Q : How can people access your network data for their own use ?
RHH : WWLLN .
net has many plots of our data which cover the globe .
A casual user can learn a lot from the online plots we provide .
If you want more detail , our main web page also shows a link to a Google Earth overlay with all the lightning for the last hour .
These are all available free .
If the user wants more control over the plotting , or use of the data , then please contact us and we will gladly sell you access to the WWLLN data set .
WWLLN is a consortium of universities and government labs , and we operate solely by sale of the data along with the UW contribution of my salary , since this is one of my research project .
Q : What are the future plans and projects that you 're working on or excited about ?
RHH :
We are very actively working on providing the energy per stroke , along with the location of lightning .
The energy per stroke is closely related to the Peak Current , so we will then be able to give our users both location and ‘ strength ’ of the stroke .
We already have this working at the individual station level , and hope to have the entire system working in the next 6 to 12 months .
It ’s tricky because the radio wave propagation is not uniform everywhere .
But we have some very smart students , and former students working on solving the problem in an efficient manner .
For most of its history , science has always been done by individual or at best a small group of scientists .
World War II changed that : during the war , government - sponsored laboratories employing thousands of scientists sprung up to do large - scale research on weapons and technology .
Since then , scientific research has entered a new era dubbed " Big Science " .
Whether " big " science is any better than " small " science is a matter of controversy .
Director of Oak Ridge National Laboratory Alvin Weinberg ( who coined the term " Big Science " in the 1960s ) defended the organization and big - budget financing of Big Science as the only way to continue research into progressively more complex scientific matters .
On the other hand , science historian Paul Forman posited that defense - related funding by the government shifted the focus in physics from basic to applied research .
Whatever the answer , Big Science is here to stay .
So let 's take a look at some of the biggest Big Science projects in the World :
1. The Manhattan Project
During World War II , urged by physicists Albert Einstein and Leó Szilárd , President Franklin Roosevelt sanctioned a secret government project to develop the world 's first atomic bomb .
Dubbed the Manhattan Project , this secret weapon program employed more than 130,000 people over 30 different research and production sites and cost $ 2 billion ( $ 24 billion in today 's dollar ) .
The Manhattan Project was initially called the Laboratory for the Development of Substitute Metals ( a purposely deceptive cover name by the military ) .
Concerned that even that name would attract too much attention , the military changed it to the Manhattan Engineer District or the Manhattan Project for short .
The very first problem facing the scientists was how to initiate a controlled and self - sustaining nuclear chain reaction .
In 1942 , scientists at the University of Chicago 's " Metallurgical Laboratory " ( yes , another cover name ) achieved such a reaction .
Physicist Arthur Compton promptly placed a coded telephone call to Washington , D.C. , saying " The Italian navigator has landed in the new world , the natives are friendly . "
And so began the atomic age .
What Happens in Oak Ridge , Stays in Oak Ridge : World War II - era billboard at the Oak Ridge Facility , part of the Manhattan Project .
( Photo : Life )
Calutron at the secret Y - 12 Plant in Oak Ridge , Tennessee .
It was used to enrich the uranium fuel required for nuclear weapons .
( Source : DOE )
Perhaps what 's more remarkable than making the first atomic bomb was that the scientists managed to keep the mega project secret , even from their wives :
At a social gathering a few days later , Laura Fermi noticed her husband being bombarded with congratulations .
She wanted to know why , but no one would give her a reason .
Woods finally whispered to her : " He has sunk a Japanese admiral ! "
When Laura Fermi asked her husband if that was true , he replied , " Did I ? "
The obvious next question was asked : " So you did n't sink a Japanese admiral ? "
Without changing his sincere expression , Fermi said , " Did n't I ? " Laura Fermi would not learn of the events of December 2 for another two - and - a - half years .
The very first nuclear explosion was conducted on July 16 , 1945 in Alamogordo , New Mexico .
The detonation was equivalent to the explosion of about 20 kiloton of TNT .
It marked the beginning of the Atomic Age .
[ YouTube Clip ]
( Note : the history of the Manhattan Project is very fascinating .
Interested readers are highly recommended to read the early history of the Manhattan Project over at Argonne National Laboratory : Link )
2. Space Race
Although it 's debatable whether " science " was much of a part of the Space Race , there 's no doubt that it definitely filled the " Big " part of " Big Science . "
From 1957 to 1975 , the United States spent approximately $ 100 billion competing with the Soviet Union in space exploration .
The Space Race was kicked off in 1957 , when the Soviet Union launched Sputnik - 1 , making it the first space power .
A couple of months later , they launched Sputnik - 2 with the first living passenger to go to space , Laika the dog .
Then Soviet cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin became the first human in space when he orbited Earth in 1961 .
There 's no question that the Soviet Union took the early lead ( United States ' first attempt at space exploration , the Vanguard rocket , pathetically blew up on the launching pad ) .
In 1961 , President Kennedy proclaimed that Americans would land a man on the Moon before the decade was out .
In public , Kennedy said that NASA 's Apollo Program would benefit the economy , close the missile gap in which the Soviets have more ballistic missile weapons than the Americans , and spur science and technology in the United States .
In private , Kennedy said that his main motivation was to beat the Soviet Unions and show them who 's better .
Astronaut Buzz Aldrin on the moon , photo taken by Neil Armstrong ( Photo : NASA )
Video of the very first moon landing of the Apollo 11 mission [ YouTube Clip ]
In 1969 , Apollo 11 astronaut Neil Armstrong became the first man to set foot on the lunar surface .
The momentous event marked the apex of the Space Race , and intense rivalries between the US and the Soviet Union dwindled from that point on .
In 1975 , the Space Race came to an end with the rendezvous of the Apollo and the Soyuz spacecraft in orbit .
3. Human Genome Project
Fluorescent In - Situ Hybridization identification of human chromosomes ( better known as " chromosome painting " ) .
This technique uses DNA probes attached to fluorescent markers to identify the various human chromosomes .
Photo : Steven M. Carr
Not all Big Science projects are physics and engineering .
The Human Genome Project is a project to sequence the entire 3 billion chemical base pairs that make up the human DNA and identify all the estimated 20,000 to 25,000 genes that make up our genome .
The project formally began in 1990 , and was estimated to take 15 years to complete .
In contrast to other Big Science projects listed here , the Human Genome Project was actually completed two years earlier than expected due to better technology ( take that , physics ! ) .
The final sequencing of human DNA was completed in 2003 , though analysis of the data is ongoing till today .
It 's easy to envision the benefits that the Human Genome Project for humanity : advances in understanding our genetics would undoubtedly aid medicine and research to cure diseases .
But some people point out that the ethical , legal and social costs may be high : who owns and should have access to our genetic information ?
Do people 's genes make them behave in a particular way and if so , how would this factor in determining guilt or innocence when it comes to criminal behaviors ?
4. International Space Station
Space Shuttle Atlantis docked to the Russian Mir Space Station in 1995 ( Photo : NASA )
The International Space Station in 2009 ( Photo : NASA )
Hands down , the biggest Big Science project ever launched is so big , so expensive , and so ambitious that it is - literally - out of this world .
The International Space Station , a joint collaboration of space agencies of a couple dozens of countries , is not so much a scientific project as an exercise of engineering prowess and political will .
The ISS is so expensive that it 's hard to pin down its actual cost .
The European Space Agency estimates that the entire station costs € 100 billion over a period of 30 years .
Critics pointed out that the amount of science being done is paltry as compared to the sums of money being spent , but its advocates defended the program as a necessary first step towards manned exploration of space .
5. Hubble Space Telescope
In 1923 , pioneers of modern rocketry imagined that rockets could propel a telescope in Earth 's orbit , but it was n't until the late 1970s that the Hubble Space Telescope project got off the ground ( after an intense lobbying of Congress by astronomers , no less ) .
Hubble Space Telescope released by the Space Shuttle Discovery in 1990
( Photo : NASA / IMAX )
Hubble Space Telescope , as seen from the Space Shuttle Discovery on its second servicing mission in 1997 ( Photo : NASA )
Like many Big Science projects , the Hubble Space Telescope was fraught with errors and setbacks .
The Challenger disaster brought US space program to a halt and forced the project to be postponed for years .
When the telescope was finally launched , scientists found that it was out of focus because its primary mirror had been ground to the wrong shape !
The telescope became the butt of jokes ( an editorial cartoon likened the telescope as being built by the nearsighted Mr. Magoo )
Three years later , scientists gave the telescope a new set of " eyeglasses " and Hubble began producing some of the most fantastic images from space ever seen .
The telescope went from being the butt of jokes into the apple of Big Science 's eye .
" Pillars of Creation " , the star - forming pillars in the Eagle Nebula , one of Hubbles ' most famous photos .
Image : NASA , Jeff Hester , and Paul Scowen ( Arizona State University )
In its nearly two decades of service , the Hubble Space Telescope has snapped over 570,000 pictures of the birth and deaths of stars and galaxies .
6. Super Kamiokande
Every second , 50 trillion solar neutrinos pass through your body so it's no wonder that this " ghostly " elementary particle is so darned difficult to detect .
But that does n't deter physicists building the Super Kamiokande ( Super - K , if you want to be cute ) neutrino detector in Japan .
All photos from the Super Kamiokande Photo Gallery
The Super - K is basically a tank filled with 50,000 tons of ultra-pure water , buried some 1,000 m ( 3,280 ft ) underground .
The idea is that once in a great while , a neutrino will interact with electrons or nuclei of water that will create a detectable electromagnetic radiation called the Cherenkov radiation ( the blue glow we usually see in nuclear reactor cores ) .
7. Superconducting Super Collider
Perhaps the most difficult part of a Big Science project is actually not science - it's the politics , and there 's no better example of this fact than the birth and demise of the Superconducting Super Collider ( SSC ) in Texas .
In late 1982 , Fermilab Director Leon Lederman proposed a gigantic particle accelerator that would be the world 's largest .
Dubbed " The Machine in the Desert " or Desertron , the particle accelerator would be 54 miles long tubes of capable of producing enough energy to snag the Holy Grail of particle physics , the elusive Higgs Boson .
Initial estimate of the project pegged the cost at $ 3 billion , but in just a couple of years , the projected total cost had quadrupled to $ 12 billion and the SSC became a political football .
In 1992 , the Collider was killed by the House only to be resurrected by the Senate ( " It 's not the science , it 's the jobs " ) .
The next year , the House killed it again and the Senate revived it again ( " It 's actually not the jobs , it 's America 's supremacy in science " ) .
A few months later they ran out of excuses , the House killed the SSC again and this time , it stayed dead .
Photo : Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory
When it was cancelled , $ 2 billion had been spent and some 23 km ( 14 mi ) of tunnels had been dug , thus leaving Texas with a super - sized hole in the ground .
8. Very Large Array
Remember the scene in the 1997 movie Contact , where the character played by Jodie Foster received signals from outer space ?
All those antennas are actually real - they 're part of the radio astronomy observatory in New Mexico called the Very Large Array ( VLA ) .
Very Large Array ( Photo : Lee Otis [ Flickr ] )
Very Large Array and the Moon ( Photo : NRAO / AUI )
The National Radio Astronomy Observatory 's VLA is composed of 27 radio antennas in a Y - shaped configuration , located on the Plains of San Agustin , New Mexico .
Each antenna is 25 m ( 82 ft ) in diameter and weighs about 230 - ton .
They 're programmed to work together as a single instrument ( hence the name ) .
The Very Large Array is actually going to be even larger - 8 new stations as distant as 250 km ( 155 mi ) from the current array are planned ( but not yet funded ) .
9. National Ignition Facility
Laser beams entering the target chamber at the NIF .
Photo : Dave Bullock ( more at his gallery at Wired )
The interior of the NIF target chamber ( Photo : Lawrence Livermore National Lab )
The mild name of the National Ignition Facility belies one big fact : it is the world 's largest laser , capable of heating and compressing a small amount of hydrogen fuel to the point of nuclear fusion .
Simply said , the NIF recreates the condition of an exploding star right here on Earth .
The NIF is designed to deliver nearly 2 million joules of ultraviolet laser energy in billionth - of - a - second pulses onto a target of hydrogen fuel smaller than a match head , heating it up to 100 million degrees while simultaneously subjecting it to pressures 100 billion times Earth 's atmosphere .
If everything goes well ( and that 's a very big if - there 's a lot that could go wrong .
For instance , the NIF has some 60,000 points of control , 30 times as many as on the space shuttle ) , it would deliver the holy grail of energy : nuclear fusion .
The NIF is so full of technical marvels that it 's hard to pick just one to highlight .
But if we had to pick one , it would be this : when fired , the pulses of NIF 's 192 laser beams - comprised of nearly 60 miles of mirrors , fiber optics , crystals and amplifiers - must arrive within trillionths of a second of each other and must strike within 50 micrometers on the target .
The NIF website describes it as such :
NIF 's pointing accuracy can be compared to standing on the pitcher 's mound at AT&T Park in San Francisco and throwing a strike at Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles , some 350 miles away ( Source ) .
10 . Large Hadron Collider
Photo : Maximilien Brice , CERN
CMS Detector commissioning in Cessy , France , VR Photography by Peter McCready
If there 's a science project that is synonymous with Big Science , it 's CERN 's Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) .
Everything about this project is big : at 27 km ( 17 mi ) circumference , the LHC is the world 's largest and highest - energy particle accelerator .
It is built by over 10,000 scientists and engineers from hundreds of universities and laboratories from over 100 countries .
It 's expensive , too : the LHC cost the member countries of CERN and other participating countries an estimated € 4.6 billion ( about US $ 6.4 billion ) , not including extras like detectors and computing capacity ( an additional € 1.43 billion ) .
The risks are also big .
Doomsday scenarios include micro black holes with a mass of Mt. Everest , killer strangelets , magnetic monopoles , and vacuum bubbles which would pop all of us out of existence .
For more , see :
- 10 Things About the LHC You Wanted to Know But Were Afraid to Ask
- I Survived the Large Hadron Collider T - Shirt
More Fun Science & Tech Articles on Neatorama :
Audio signal processing featuring both low - level functions and high - level functions which use physical units , abstract from the sample rate and are really fast due to StorableVector , Stream - like list type and aggressive inlining .
For an interface to Haskore see http://darcs.haskell.org/haskore-synthesizer/.
For introductory examples see Synthesizer .
Plain .
Tutorial and Synthesizer .
Generic .Tutorial .
For an overview of the organization of the package and the discussion of various design issues see Synthesizer .
Overview .
After winning the Canadian " Queer Idol " singing competition , performer Stacey Tennen decided to build a website to promote her music -- only to find that the Staceytennen.com domain had been claimed by someone else several weeks after her win , and now redirects to a site full of anti-gay religious tracts by Jack Chick that literally demonize homosexuals .
One strip titled " The Gay Blade " depicts gays as living in " Satan 's shadowy world of homosexuality , " claims that " demonic power controls them " and laments that they now live openly in society and " no longer try to hide their identity . "
Nor is Tennen alone -- a search using an e-mail from the Staceytennen.com site revealed numerous domains based on misspellings of celebrity names that redirect to sites with thematically related Chick tracts .
A few involve vampire properties , like RobertPatinson.com ( based on a minor misspelling of " Twilight " actor Robert Pattinson 's name ) and PaulWesly.com ( " Vampire Diaries " star Paul Wesley ) .
Both sites redirect to Jack Chick strips that focus on the evils of the occult , like the oft - mocked anti-D&D tract " Dark Dungeons . "
Other sites include OliviaMun.com , which seems to comment on G4 host Olivia Munn by linking to a tract called " Party Girl , " TerminatorSalvatoin.com ( based on the " Terminator Salvation " film ) , which mystifyingly tries to trade of the imaginary popularity of the summer flop , and several more .
live deer capture , this crew head out on a hunt for live stag for breeding stock in a Hughes 500 D .
Study shows how college major and religious faith affect each other
College students who major in the social sciences and humanities are likely to become less religious , while those majoring in education are likely to become more religious .
But students majoring in biology and physical sciences remain just about as religious as they were when they started college .
Those are among key findings of a University of Michigan study on the connection between college attendance , college major and religiosity released this week ( July 27 ) by the National Bureau of Economic Research .
The study , funded by the John Templeton Foundation , is based on long - term data from the Monitoring the Future Study conducted by the U - M Institute for Social Research ( ISR ) .
" Education majors are clearly safe havens for the religious , " said U - M economist Miles Kimball , who co-authored the study .
" Highly religious people seem to prefer education majors , tend to stay in that major , and tend to become more religious by the time they graduate . "
For the study , Kimball and colleagues Colter Mitchell , Arland Thornton and Linda Young DeMarco analyzed data on approximately 26,200 individuals who graduated from high school between 1976 and 1996 .
They reviewed information on religious attitudes and college attendance and major for a period of six years .
Among the questions participants were asked :
How often do you attend religious services ?
How important is religion in your life ?
How good or bad a job is being done for the country as a whole by churches and religious organizations ?
Of those who did not attend college right away , those who were more religious were more likely to attend college eventually .
One of the reasons for this might be a " nagging effect " of church friends who ask repeatedly about college attendance plans , the researchers speculate .
For the analysis of impact of college major on religiosity , the researchers used business majors as a reference point .
" We wanted a major that was culturally neutral and that attracted a large number of students , " Kimball said .
" The content of most business courses does not touch on values . "
The authors theorize that three powerful streams of thought interact with choice of college majors to amplify the impact on religiosity .
These are science , developmentalism ( the belief in progress ) , and postmodernism ( the belief that everything is relative ) .
" There are important differences among the college majors in world views and overall philosophies of life , " Kimball said .
" At the same time , students recognize to some degree the differences among majors and chose a major based , at least in part , on religiosity .
" Our results suggest that it is Postmodernism , not Science , that is the bête noir of religiosity .
One reason may be that the key ideas of Postmodernism are newer than the key scientific ideas that challenge religion .
For example , religions have had 150 years to develop resistance or tolerance for the late 19th century idea of Evolution , but much less time to develop resistance or tolerance for the key ideas of Postmodernism , which gained great strength over the course of the 20th century . "
True Blood 2.1 – What Can Wash Away My Sin ?
Welcome to the “ True Blood ” blog , the first time Premium Hollywood has deigned to tackle HBO ’s top - notch vampire series on a weekly basis .
If you ’re a regular reader , then you know that I ventured into the first few episodes of the show and enjoyed what I saw , but other responsibilities kept me from delving any further into the adventures of Sookie Stackhouse and company until the Season 1 DVD was released .
After absorbing all twelve episodes , I was definitely chomping at the bit to see the Season 2 premiere , so when the call went out for someone to blog the second season , I figured I ’d accept .
Hey , at the very least , it ’s a series that my wife and I both love …and as I ’m sure many readers know , it goes a long way toward maintaining marital bliss when both of you enjoy watching the same series .
So let ’s get rolling , shall we ?
For those who ’ve been waiting in suspense ‘ til the end of last season to find out whose body was in the car , the mystery is solved almost immediately … and it ai n’t Lafayette .
Of course , that was always gonna be a little too easy , anyway , but I still did n’t expect it to be Miss Jeanette , the exorcist from season 1 .
And based on her scream , Tara did n’t , either .
She starts off in denial , claiming no knowledge of the woman , but with Sookie barely able to tune out her frantic thoughts , she eventually concedes and reveals who the woman is .
“ My mama ’s gonna fall to pieces when she finds out , ” says Tara .
( Was I the only one who briefly thought that her mama might ’ve been the one who did it ?
I thought maybe she ’d figured out the woman was a fraud , gone on a bender , and killed her . )
Not long after the case gets underway , it looks like Andy ’s going to call it a night , but after his protestations that he ’s not overworked ( nice lack of denial about his state of inebriation , though ) , he ends up sticking around , despite the sheriff ’s annoyed reminder that , “ at best , you ’re a material witness to a homicide ; at worst , you could be a suspect . ”
Yeah , but there ’s one big thing keeping me from buying into Andy as the killer : does anyone see that hillbilly as the kind of guy who’d be able to pull off that kind of acting performance ?
Once the crew get back to the station , Mama Thornton comes by and gets the grisly details about Miss Jeanette ’s demise , which she takes about as well as her daughter had expected .
Still , she refuses to concede that the woman may have been a fraud , and as she and Tara are departing the station , Mama starts in on Tara…until Maryann Forester turns up .
Man , talking about giving someone the verbal smackdown .
Oh , snap !
Well , if there ’d been any doubt about whether Tara had fallen for Maryann ’s schtick before , you ca n’t blame her for being squarely in her camp now .
Hey , everybody , it ’s Bill Compton !
And , look , there ’s Jessica Hamby , the former goody - two - shoes who immediately went hog wild with her vampiric abilities after Bill was forced to “ turn ” her .
Maybe it ’s just me , but listening to a vampire rhapsodize about the importance of recycling seemed hilarious for some reason , as did the back - and - forth between Bill and Jessica .
( “ Can we eat her ? ” “ You may not . ” )
I can imagine that Jessica would be a really annoying character in the real world , but in the series , I find her hilarious .
Unsurprisingly , however , Sookie does n’t necessarily share that opinion ; she only gets in a little bit of snuggling with Bill before Jessica rears her head , wrapped in a towel , all dripping wet and acting coquettish .
What an intro…and what a way to force Bill to explain her existence to Sookie .
It was funny to have both of them denying that they ’ve had sex .
( “ Ew , OLD ! ” )
But , clearly , Sookie is uncertain enough about Jessica to wonder if she could ’ve been the one who killed the exorcist .
( I ’m a little skeptical of that theory , though .
Removing the heart seems a bit harsh for someone who ’s only just getting the hang of her abilities . )
And it ’s also clear that Sookie is not going to accept the fact that Bill had to turn Jessica , especially given that he had n’t bothered to tell her about her yet .
“ What else are you keeping from me ? ” “ Nothing ! ” Suuuuuuurrrrrrre .
Lafayette appears to be on some sort of torturous merry - go - round from Hell when we first see him .
Is that Royce down there , too ?
Clearly , there are a couple of members of the Redneck Trio – you know , the ones who featured in last season ’s already - immortal “ AIDS Burger ” scene – who ’ve been sharing Lafayette ’s fate .
Royce shares a delightful anecdote about his head being crushed between a woman ’s tits , and the two share a lovely bit of bonding about letting his camp roommate blow him .
Jason Stackhouse is clearly still dealing with the loss of his beloved Amy , not that you can blame him for that .
But , wow , this Sun Church thing just ca n’t be a good idea for a guy who ’s as easily swayed as Jason is .
So TBBN suggests that the verbal sparring between the Sun Church ’s Rev. Steve Newlin and Nan Flanagan of the American Vampire League is the opening shots of the human - vampire war… ?
Ah , we can only hope .
It ’s so damned creepy to watch the reverend pitch Jason on the idea of joining with them , particularly when you know he ’s going to get a sign to make him spend the money to join their cause .
And what ’s that sign ?
It ’s when Sookie refuses to accept any part of the inheritance she ’s received from her dead uncle Bartlett ’s estate .
( Not that you can blame her , given the history . )
By the way , I enjoyed the discussion between Hoyt and Jason , where it indicated quite profoundly that they do n’t see eye to eye about vampires .
Hoyt plays the Christian card and Jason argues the point … ?
Yep , he ’s suckered in .
This can only come to ill .
Sam paid a visit to Maryann ’s house , offering the hilariously casual observation , “ There was a bit of a murder in my parking lot , ” and spying a statute inspires him to have flashbacks to when he was just a wee shapeshifter , trying to break into her house many moons ago .
So Sam and Maryann had some kind of fling in the past , but are we to presume that she ’s a vampire ?
At the very least , she vibrates like one .
When she shows up at the bar , he tries to give her back the money that he stole many moons ago , but she ’s derisive of his efforts and assures him that it ’s not about him .
Things seem to be moving along quite well with Tara and Eggs , her new boy at Maryann ’s pad .
He ’s clearly been around the block a few times , having smoked pot since he was 10 and seen his share of dead bodies , and it ’s obvious that Maryanne has a reason for wanting the two of them to get together .
How else to explain the beatdown Carl received for interrupting their flirtation by offering them towels ?
Fortunately , Eggs gets a second shot when he visits Tara at work , and he makes the most of it .
After a downright hysterical sequence of Bill trying to help Jessica figure out her blood type of choice ( apparently , the A - negative tastes “ less like ass than the A - positive , but more like ass than the B- negative ” ) , Sookie convinces Jessica to leave her and Bill alone , at which point she confronts him about her uncle ’s death …and , to his credit , he admits it without hesitation .
She immediately drifts into sad - Sookie - speechmaker mode , however , and bemoans the fact that he ’s able to take someone ’s life as easily as he does .
He manages to come back with the most romantic monologue in all of Louisiana , and they proceed to kiss and get down to some good ol ’ fashioned human / vampire love - makin ’ .
Man , I ’m still not used to seeing Anna Paquin nekkid , but nor am I complaining about it .
With that said , however , I ’m quite up to seeing anyone ’s face smeared with blood in mid-coitus .
As usual , the episode ends with a moment that leaves you already ready for next week ’s episode , offering a vicious battle inspires by the fire that went down last season .
Royce gives it the old college try , going with the famous desperate - stab defense , but it ’s ultimately a poor effort , leaving poor Lafayette coated in blood .
We do , however , find out who ’s responsible for the merry - go - round from Hell … and it ’s District Sheriff Eric !
Well , I ’ll be …
Random comments :
• As “ Hello Walls ” plays , Sookie dares to enter her grandmother ’s room , a place which – to look at the state of things – she has n’t touched since Grandma ’s demise .
It ’s touching to watch her get a scent of the past from sniffing the unfinished knitting .
• Daphne – last name possibly McHottie , but that ’s still unconfirmed as of this writing – seems to be a nice addition to the staff of Merlotte ’s , what with all that vaunted Cracker Barrel experience .
• Tara ’s expression when the square - dancers entered the bar was priceless , just as Terry ’s moment of hair - sniffing was creepy but hilarious .
• Andy sounds downright pitiful when , after the sheriff takes him off the case , he admits that his work is the only thing he has going on in his life anymore .
By Brian Deagan
Though direct digital marketing encompasses a variety of different channels , mobile marketing is rightly garnering a great deal of attention , and not just from those predicting its eminent explosion in adoption .
No doubt , mobile marketing programs are becoming more robust and powerful , and going beyond one - off pilots and short - lived efforts .
However , the day - to - day , tactical reality of successful mobile marketing is still difficult for many to grasp and execute .
For mobile to continue growing , it is important to identify three key elements to successfully leverage mobile as a channel strategy deserving of its increasingly larger voice in the overall direct digital marketing landscape .
The first key to developing a successful mobile channel strategy is data .
It is vital not just to have good strategies for collecting data , but smart strategies for segmenting the data .
Mobile data is like email data in that there are myriad opportunities to create segments around specific user groups .
The ability to store and access data points that are not exclusive to mobile activity is also important .
For example , if a consumer already has a stored email coupon preference in the database , extending that same coupon type to her mobile device increases the likelihood of redemption .
The second key is to seek out mobile marketing software that can successfully interact with existing business systems and data repositories .
Not only will a successful partnership preserve the ability to extend the email and Web experience to the mobile device , it opens the door for additional channel programs such as triggered SMS - messages .
For example , getting a next - purchase savings offer to retail customers before they walk out of the store is an effective mobile tactic that directly affects important retail metrics such as sales - per- customer - visit .
Accessing the customer data in real - time unlocks the immediacy and true power of the mobile channel .
The third key is support .
Navigating the common short code provisioning and carrier approval ecosystem can be challenging and time - consuming .
As a result , treating mobile marketing as an important direct digital marketing strategy means making a long - term commitment to scalable programs that a good mobile partner helps to design and implement .
A good mobile partner will help migrate away from short - term programs with shaky results and build long - term program strategies that are a wise investment of time and resources .
The popularity and feasibility of mobile marketing will grow in tandem with the consumer adoption of various mobile devices and practices .
Text messaging is still the most popular consumer use of a mobile device , behind voice .
Therefore , a text - centric mobile strategy is an easy way to engage and communicate with consumers .
While short codes and text - centric strategies are important factors to consider , remember that quality data is what enables the personalization and message relevance necessary for mobile to take its rightful place as a full - scale channel strategy in the direct digital marketing mix .
Brian Deagan is CEO of Knotice , a direct digital marketing services company in Akron , OH .
Reach him at .
MIAMI ( Reuters ) - A teenager has been arrested in a string of cat killings and mutilations that horrified residents of Miami ’s southern suburbs , police said on Sunday .
Tyler Weinman , 18 , of Cutler Bay , Florida , was charged with 19 counts of animal cruelty , 19 counts of improperly disposing of an animal body and four counts of burglary .
Police have said more than two dozen pet and stray cats were killed at night in the Palmetto Bay and Cutler Bay neighborhoods during the past two months .
In some cases , the cats were skinned or gutted and the corpses left on the lawns or driveways of their owners .
“ I sincerely hope that with this arrest , the residents will feel relieved and their cats will be safe once again , ” Miami - Dade County State Attorney Katherine Fernandez Rundle said .
“ It is expected that the vicious crimes that have plagued these communities will not be repeated . ”
The killings had put residents of the areas on high alert and prompted them to take their own cats and strays into their homes at night .
The Humane Society and Crimestoppers both offered rewards for information leading to the killer ’s capture .
{ H/t Dave ]
Well , at least Charles Krauthammer did n't call Sonia Sotmayor a racist on Fox News Sunday .
He just argued that she 's basically a Latina supremacist :
KRAUTHAMMER :
It ’s a big deal because it tells you it was not a slip .
It is who she is and who she thinks she is .
And the reason it ’s disturbing is because Obama -- the premise of Obama ’s candidacy was always that he was the post- racial American .
And here he is appointing as his first truly important appointment a person who can only be called pre-racial .
He gave a speech in which he emerged on the world stage and said , “ We ’re not black America , white America , we ’re not Hispanic America , Asian America .
We are the United States of America . ”
And she says as a wise Latina , she has physiological , cultural endowments which make her superior to a white judge .
The real issue here is she ’s going to end up on the court , but we ca n’t have a national debate about this issue .
The civil rights movement abolished the idea of a superior race or class or ethnicity in America .
Are we going to have a person like her who believes that some ethnicities are endowed with a superior endowment and superior judgment and superior entitlements as a result of race ?
Juan Williams attempted to knock this down by explaining what she was in fact trying to say with these remarks .
But even he failed to explain a very simple , fundamental fact about the comment :
She made it strictly within the context of a discussion on race - and sex- discrimination cases .
As we noted awhile back :
In that context , what Sotomayor was saying was neither controversial nor even particularly noteworthy -- it is in fact a matter of simple common sense .
Of course someone who has lived through the realities of race and sex discrimination will be better attuned to the consequences and realities of the laws that judges will rule upon than someone who has been shielded from those realities .
Eric Boehlert examined the problem in even greater detail recently at Media Matters , and pointed out that there 's been a massive failure across the board within the media to explain this simple fact :
So why is the press playing dumb ?
Simple .
Republicans in the U.S. Senate have made it rather clear that they are not planning any sort of wholesale opposition to Sotomayor 's nomination .
But reporters and pundits are banking on nomination drama , so they 're willing to chase , and legitimize , the " racist " storyline .
To do that though , the press has to play dumb on an epic scale about the " Latina woman . "
To pretend it really was some kind of Battle of the Sexes proclamation .
Bottom line : Reporters and pundits must avoid providing any kind of context for the " Latina woman " quote in order for that storyline to survive even modest scrutiny .
Well , mission accomplished because I just did a Nexis search and found that during the last ten days there have been more than 950 media mentions of Sotomayor and " Latina woman . "
Then I looked to see how many of those 950 - plus news reports included the word " discrimination " as a way to put that quote in context .
Answer : Less than 20 .
Or , approximately two percent of news reports have managed to do journalism 's most basic task , which is to provide all pertinent information .
Instead of informing news consumers , the press has been actively misinforming them about Sotomayor .
That 's how dishonest the coverage has been .
If you 're disgusted too , go here and sign the petition .
Iconic Einstein photo sells for $ 74 K
A New Hampshire auction company has sold the original autographed photo of Albert Einstein with his tongue hanging out for $ 74,324 .
The picture was sold to David Waxman , owner of Estates of Mind in Great Neck , New York .
It was taken by UPI photographer Arthur Sasse in 1951 at Princeton University after a celebration honoring Einstein on his birthday .
According to Bobby Livingston of RRAuction.com , it was the highest price ever paid for a photograph of the legendary physicist .
The iconic photo was signed by Einstein himself in 1953 , the height of the 1950s Communist witch hunt .
Which clown is most likely to really harm American families ?
“ Congress must include a real public plan option if we want to see truly transformative health care reform this year , ” said Rockefeller .
“ I created the Consumers Health Care Act so we can give the American people the complete coverage they need at an affordable rate .
As we move forward with health care reform in the Senate Finance Committee and beyond , I will continue to fight for a public plan option .
It is time to end our days of private health insurance charging too much for too little , at the expense of the American people . ”
“ A strong public health insurance option will help reduce health care costs and improve the quality of health insurance plans , ” said Brown , who authored a resolution cosponsored by 28 senators calling for a public health insurance option to be included in health reform .
“ A public health insurance option will keep insurance companies honest and set a gold standard for medical care .
I ’m proud to work with Sen .
Rockefeller on this legislation which will protect consumer choice , improve patient care , and lower health costs . ”
President Obama , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , and many consumer - advocate and health care organizations have come out in support of a public plan option in health reform .
Over 60 percent of Americans also want to see a public plan option on the table ( source : Kaiser Family Foundation , June , 2009 ) .
The Consumers Health Care
Act has been endorsed by many groups including Health Care for American Now ( HCAN ) , the Children ’s Defense Fund , and the American Academy of Pediatrics .
Overview of the Consumers Health Care Act
• Offer a “ Consumer Choice Health Plan ” as an option alongside private insurance .
By bringing a competitive public plan option to the table , private insurance companies will be driven to provide Americans with better value for their health care at a better price , in contrast to the current private insurance framework , which is focused on avoiding risk and increasing their profits .
• Establish America ’s Health Insurance Trust as a “ good housekeeping seal of approval ” to give consumers a voice in health insurance oversight .
This nonprofit , consumer - driven organization will evaluate and give ratings to all health insurance products offered through the national health insurance exchange -- based on factors such as affordability , adequacy , transparency , consumer satisfaction , provider satisfaction , and quality .
According to a source with direct knowledge of what is happening on the HELP Committee , the problem is that two Democrats -- Kay Hagan and Jeff Bingaman -- are refusing to sign on .
" We can't bring it up because we 'd actually lose the vote , " said the source .
" They 'd vote with the Republicans . "
Bingaman and Hagan are in favor of watering down a public plan into Kent Conrad 's co-op plan , which is supported by insurance lobbyists .
" It gives them the appearance of supporting a public option without getting them in trouble with the insurance companies , " said the source .
I 'm very worried that the Democrats are going to blow their opportunity to pass real health care reform .
Needless to say , derailing reform is the # 1 priority for the Insurance companies and their congressional shills .
I would be surprised if there 's more than three Republicans who have n't been bought off .
Worse , though , is that so many Democrats have been as well .
It 's why Blue America is creating a series of TV ads to launch against anti-reform Democrats -- starting with Arkansas corporate pawn Blanche Lincoln ( please consider donating ) .
A rule passed earlier in the year puts the health care budget into an unfilibusterable category .
Obama needs only 51 votes .
Lieberman 's fealty to the Medical - Industrial Complex ( $ 2,391,719 ) and Big Insurance ( $ 1,036,302 ) and Nelson 's identical anti-working family positions ( in return for the generosity he 's experienced from the Medical - Industrial Complex -- $ 1,000,366 -- and the Insurance Industry -- $ 1,196,799 ) do n't spell the end of the dream for people who want to see universal health care in this country .
But if other DLC corporate Dems , like Mary Landrieu , Evan Bayh , Mark Pryor and Blanche Lincoln , not to mention GOP renegade -- and flight risk -- Arlen Specter , are all allowed to defect , a once in a generation opportunity for changing the health care system is virtually dead .
Today one of the only Tribunes of the People in the heinous House of Lords , Sherrod Brown , co-sponsored legislation , along with Jay Rockefeller , that would establish a public health insurance plan that provides an affordable and accountable health insurance option .
Their press release : Our Blue America action in Arkansas is aimed at holding one particularly corrupt senator -- maybe two ) accountable .
But it should also serve as a message over the bow to any Democrat who wants to sell out their own constituents for the flow of cash from the Insurance Industry .
Max Baucus and Arlen Specter can expect to see the same blanket TV ads in their states as well .
Senators -- who actually do behave as though they hold peerages in an American House of Lords , have n't bee feeling any real pressure from the public ; it 's how they can get away with their distortions and weaseling postures .
Chris Bowers at OpenLeft has launched an online campaign to make every senator declare in plain English where he or she is in the debate .
( Russ Feingold has already responded -- very publicly and positively . )
New Gallup polling shows that Americans distrust Republicans in Congress even more than they distrust the health insurance industry !
But , as Jane Hamsher pointed out today , conservative Democrats like Kay Hagan are working hard to catch up with the Republicans .
We 're working on holding them accountable .
Please help us do that .
Labels : Blanche Lincoln , Culture of Corruption , health care , Insurance Industry , Kay Hagan , public option , Sherrod Brown
We ’ve finally obtained a full and complete and reliable copy of the complaint filed against Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger in Nevada .
The complaint contains very specific allegations , which either helps prove that the event actually occurred — or which demonstrates that the plaintiff , Andrea McNulty , has a very active imagination .
McNulty , who says in the complaint that she has worked at Harrah ’s since March 2003 , alleges that she was assigned to serve a concierge - style function on the Penthouse floor of the hotel during the 2008 American Century Celebrity Golf Championship .
McNulty alleges that , on July 10 , she and Roethlisberger had a conversation about fly fishing , and that they talked about the fact that McNulty is an avid fly fisherman .
( Though , on the surface , the exchange is n’t relevant , the contention — if true — shows that there was at least a minor relationship between McNulty and Roethlisberger prior to the incident . )
As to the incident itself , it allegedly occurred on Friday , July 11 .
McNulty claims that , at approximately 10:00 p.m. local time , Roethlisberger returned to his room with a young woman , who left roughly 20 minutes later .
McNulty says that Roethlisberger walked the woman to the elevator , and that Roethlisberger then stopped to talk to McNulty and other staff , for roughly 20 minutes .
( Obviously , it ’ll be critical to determine who these other staff members are , and what they have to say . )
As he was leaving , Roethlisberger allegedly told McNulty that the sound system on his television was n’t working .
She offered to have someone from engineering fix it , but Roethlisberger said he would call her about it later .
Roethlisberger allegedly called her a few minutes later , and he said that the television was still broken .
She offered to have someone go to the room and fix it .
He allegedly asked her to come and “ take a quick look ” at it .
McNulty claims that she tried to call a couple of other colleagues to handle the situation , but that she could n’t reach anyone .
She alleges that Roethlisberger called again and asked her when she was going to fix the television .
Citing a direction from management to ensure that Roethlisberger had an enjoyable trip , she decided to try to fix it herself .
McNulty claims that , when she arrived at the room , he was wearing a T - shirt and athletic shorts .
She adds , for no apparent reason other than to show the clarity of her recollection , that the room was a mess .
Roethlisberger showed her the television that was malfunctioning , located in suite ’s bedroom .
Using the remote , she determined that there was no problem with the television or the sound system .
She claims that , as she tried to leave the room , Roethlisberger blocked her path , and that he “ grabbed [ her ] and started to kiss her . ”
She claims that she was “ shocked and stunned that this previously friendly man , that appeared to be a gentleman in her previous contacts with him was suddenly preventing her from leaving , was assaulting and battering her . ”
McNulty admits that she did n’t try to fight Roethlisberger , citing his size and strength .
She claims that she “ communicated her objection and lack of consent , ” and that he nevertheless began “ fondling [ her ] through her dress and between her legs . ”
She claims that he pushed her onto the bed , and despite her alleged protests he “ pulled her underpants off and proceeded to penetrate her . ”
McNulty claims that she told him , “ You do n’t want to do this . ”
She also claims that she said , “ Please do n’t , ” and that she told him she was not on any type of birth control .
She claims that he said in response , “ Do n’t worry , I ’ll pull out , ” which he ultimately did .
At that point , he allowed her to get off the bed .
McNulty claims that she went to the bathroom , and “ tried to pull herself together . ”
When she emerged , she claims that Roethlisberger asked , “ There are cameras on this room , are n’t there ? ”
She responded by saying , “ Yes , there are cameras everywhere . ”
McNulty alleges that he then seem worried , and that his tone became “ stern . ”
“ If anyone asks you , you fixed my television , ” he allegedly said .
“ You fixed my television .
Now go ! ”
We ’ll be posting separately the allegations relating to the coworkers at Harrah ’s , most of which are based on conduct occurring after the alleged assault .
Again , these are only allegations in a civil complaint .
There is , to our knowledge , no criminal complaint or investigation , and Roethlisberger through lawyer David Cornwell has strongly denied the contention .
Still , if the allegations set forth above are true , and if sufficient evidence can be compiled to prove that , then this thing could get very ugly for Roethlisberger .
Photo : www.life.ru
Two Russian tourists who challenged a Florida law prohibiting sexual relationship with a porcupine have had to undergo a lengthy treatment for genital inflammation .
Anton , 32 , and Yevgeny , 30 , residents of St. Petersburg , were spending their vacation in the United States with a group of friends , Life .ru website reports .
At some point in their journey , the two got hold of a booklet listing the weirdest US laws .
Since they were in Florida , their attention was drawn to a Florida law prohibiting sex with porcupines .
After a good deal of whiskey , the Russians felt curious about what might have prompted the law , and went in search of the animal .
Within one hour , a porcupine was found , and Anton and Yevgeny were drunk and brave enough to take off their pants and approach it .
The next morning , both were standing at the Cedars Sinai clinic in Los Angeles , where amazed doctors plucked porcupine needles from their penises .
Had the two not fled from Florida quickly enough , they would have had to face the law they had breached .
Back in Russia , both men had to undergo a lengthy treatment of inflammation caused by the porcupine needles .
Obviously , the two learned nothing from the story of the Russian man who in January lost half of his penis after trying to force a raccoon into oral sex .
But a closer examination shows a more subtle picture .
None of the Justice Department lawyers who reviewed the interrogation question argued that the methods were clearly illegal .
For example :
¶ Mr. Goldsmith , now a Harvard law professor , unnerved the C.I.A. in June 2004 by withdrawing a 2002 memorandum written by Mr. Yoo that said only pain equal to that produced by organ failure or death qualified as torture .
In addition , in a previously undisclosed letter to the agency , Mr. Goldsmith put a temporary halt to waterboarding .
But he left intact a secret companion memorandum from 2002 that actually authorized the harsh methods , leaving the C.I.A. free to use all its methods except waterboarding , including wall - slamming , face - slapping , stress positions and more .
¶ Mr. Levin , now in private practice , won public praise with a 2004 memorandum that opened by declaring “ torture is abhorrent . ”
But he also wrote a letter to the C.I.A that specifically approved waterboarding in August 2004 , and he drafted much of Mr. Bradbury ’s lengthy May 2005 opinion authorizing the 13 methods .
¶ Mr. Comey , who had forced a 2004 showdown with White House officials over the National Security Agency ’s surveillance program , concurred in that Bradbury opinion .
His objections focused on a second legal opinion that authorized combinations of the methods .
He expressed “ grave reservations ” and asked for a week to revise the memorandum , warning Mr. Gonzales that “ it would come back to haunt him and the department , ” Mr. Comey said in a 2005 e-mail message to Mr. Rosenberg .
Justice Department lawyers involved in the opinions felt torn between what was legal and what was advisable , Mr. Levin said .
“ Obviously you can only do that which is legal , ” he said in a recent interview .
“ But that does not mean you should automatically do something simply because it is legal . ”
Image Jack Goldsmith halted waterboarding but left intact a memorandum authorizing the methods .
The e-mail messages and documents provide new details about a critical year in the interrogation saga , beginning in mid-2004 .
The C.I.A. inspector general had questioned the legality and effectiveness of the harsh methods , prompting a review of the program .
Under intense White House pressure , the Justice Department lawyers in May 2005 approved a series of opinions that reauthorized the harshest practices .
Most books about religion aspire to revelation , divine or worldly .
In other words , they ’re apocalyptic .
For what does apocalypse mean — apokálypsis , in the pagan Greek from which the Bible borrowed the term — but “ lifting of the veil ” ?
Think of it like this .
It ’s your wedding day , and whether you are man or woman , straight , gay , lesbian , trans , or other , apocalypse promises you a bride .
Not , however , of your choosing .
It ’s an arranged marriage , a match made in heaven , as they say .
You are filled with both anticipation and fear .
What will she look like ?
Will she be beautiful ?
Will her eyes be those of a dove , as Solomon sings in the Song of Songs , her hair like “ a flock of goats , that appear from Mount Gilead ” ( goat hair being the gold standard of grooming in Solomon ’s time ) ?
Or will she be terrifying — eyeballs growing on stalks from her tongue , fangs poking out all over her face , angry red eyes where breasts should be , and parched yellow skin as if made from the paper of an ancient scroll , like the Apocalypse Beast that the Fantastic Four defeated in “ Fantastic Four / Iron Man : Big in Japan # 3 ” ?
And while we ’re on the subject of the Fantastic Four , why is it that only our most earnest literature , scripture , and our campiest , comic books , really care about the end of the world ?
By “ comic books ” I mean not just stories told through picture panels and onomatopoeia but also all the trash , pulp , and pixels expended on that which is fabulous or overblown , the absurd played not for laughs , or just for laughs , but for Art , for Truth , for — Revelation .
In this category , we may safely include the Green Lantern , Wonder Woman , and Dr. Strange , of course , and “ science ” fiction , Lost , and 24 .
But also Pink Floyd , Deep Purple , and Black Sabbath , and Mahler , Wagner , and Aaron Copland ; M.I.A. , N.W.A. and the CIA as an actual institution ; Thoreau ’s The Maine Woods ( picture the prophet atop Mount Katahdin , too close to God , screaming “ Contact ! Contact ! ” like a nineteenth - century Carl Sagan ) but not placid Walden ; Augustine but not Aquinas ; both liberation theology and Left Behind ; the white whale , the Black Panthers , the pink triangle , and the yellow star — any symbol or label or term that marks its bearer for death or exile , especially those whose meanings have been inverted ; the Golem , the Hulk , and John Henry ; Jayne Mansfield , Marilyn , and , more important — most important , perhaps — Buffy the Vampire Slayer , who faced the end of the world every season only to start over the following autumn .
Caught between comics and scripture is the stuff of this collection , memoir .
Memoir , after all , is a euphemistic label for testimony , a cleaned - up manifestation of the comic book sensibility .
Testimony provides the bones and the flesh of scripture , of religion lived , embodied , inscribed , and scrawled ; “ I was lost , but now I ’m found ” is one of its most popular story lines .
The testimonies gathered here give that formula a twist : “ I was lost , then found , but now I ’m lost again . ”
Which brings to mind , of course , the endlessly looping plots of comic books and scripture , heroes and villains rising and falling , sinners redeemed and backsliding , the Joker defeated by Batman once and for all only to return ten issues later , the Israelites delivered to the promised land only to be sent into exile .
It ’s always back into the breach or back into the desert — until , that is , The End .
The final battle , Armageddon , Apocalypse , the Answer .
That ’s another necessary cliché of the memoir / testimony genre : “ I was blind , but now I see . ”
Now I get it .
Whether the writer achieves this new vision through religion or reason , revelation — epiphany — is the climax of the tale .
It ’s not always a blessing , this sight .
The bible offers a sneak peak beneath the veil even more horrible than anything dreamed up by Stan Lee : “ And I stood upon the sand of the sea , ” writes John the Revelator , “ and saw a beast rise up out of the sea , having seven heads and ten horns , and upon his horns ten crowns , and upon his heads the name of blasphemy . ”
Cross your fingers .
Hope for the best .
Lift the veil .
*
The problem with revelation is that when brought down to earth , secularized , it loses all its grandeur and its absurdity — the inherent kitsch of a beast with ten heads , the melodrama of the end of the world , that campy veil .
It is not humbled by secularization , it is hushed .
This is nowhere more disconcerting than in stories about religion that assume , in our modern age , that belief is a quality or even a quantity , an option or maybe even a substance , spirituality , the sort of thing that one might buy in handsomely designed organic cardboard containers at Whole Foods .
Back in 2000 , when Peter Manseau , Jeremy Brothers , and I created Killing the Buddha , from which the stories in this collection are gathered , we announced ourselves with a rejection of all that : “ Killing the Buddha , ” declared our “ Manifesto , ” “ is a religion magazine for people made anxious by churches , people embarrassed to be caught in the ‘ spirituality ’ section of a bookstore , people both hostile and drawn to talk of God .
”
We might as well have spoken of the “ deep sympathy modified by revulsion ” with which Susan Sontag undertook her famous dissection of camp as a sensibility .
In 2000 , we set out with the notion that our knowing attitudes would allow us to transcend the clichés of The Beginning and The End , the melodrama of religion as “ merely ” ritual , the tedium of belief as custom .
But that belief itself , that Buddha , at least , we have killed ; or perhaps that Buddha killed us .
When Publishers Weekly , reviewing the first book to grow out of Killing the Buddha , called our Heretic ’s Bible “ disjointed and freakish ” ( they meant it in a good way ) , Peter Manseau and I argued over which of us was which ; the truth was we each wanted to be both .
We created Killing the Buddha with the idea that writing about matters of “ ultimate concern , ” as prim Paul Tillich labels all religion , in the image of his Protestant divine , should be not solemn but subversive .
Subversive of what ?
The very endeavor we were engaging in .
Hence the name of the magazine :
After years on his cushion , a monk has what he believes is a breakthrough : a glimpse of nirvana , the Buddhamind , the big pay - off .
Reporting the experience to his master , however , he is informed that what has happened is par for the course , nothing special , maybe even damaging to his pursuit .
And then the master gives the student dismaying advice :
If you meet the Buddha , he says , kill him .
Why kill the Buddha ?
Because the Buddha you meet is not the true Buddha , but an expression of your longing .
If this Buddha is not killed he will only stand in your way .
The Buddha you meet , of course , is the answer you come up with when faced with big questions about meaning .
Ours are as ready for the ax as any others .
Eight years on from our manifesto and , between the two of us , four books that are often shelved , sigh , in the spirituality section of the bookstore ( as this one no doubt will be , too , unless we can persuade our publisher to label it “ humor , ” perhaps , or maybe “ automotive ” ) , we ’ve been forced to come to terms with our place on the same shelf as Deepak Chopra , Rick Warren , and Chicken Soup for the Soul , all of which sell more copies in a week than this book will between now and Armageddon .
We should be so lucky as to be so banal ; it is an art , a balancing act , which we have never achieved .
But there is surely some wisdom in the awkwardness of the questions to which such books respond .
“ Avant - garde ” writers , meanwhile , reproduce ad nauseam the secular and spiritual assumptions of the mildly liberal middle class ; we thought we would trump them with dispatches from the margins .
Instead , as the stories that follow reveal , we found ourselves wading through the muck of the ordinary , a mudslide of the mundane , an apocalyptic swamp of What Is — the Word made strange .
Marginality , we learned , ca n’t honestly be chosen — at best , simply recognized as the only ground we have to stand on .
It ’s hardly stable turf .
And yet , there ’s no steadiness to be found in the most common response to the problem of belief in a post - modern age : “ Sheilaism , ” the personalized religion an informant named Sheila famously described to sociologist Robert Bellah .
“ Just my own little voice , ” she said , reducing her mental jambalaya of received wisdom from half a dozen traditions to a self - satisfied squeak .
That ’s the “ spirituality ” that embarrassed us eight years ago when we created Killing the Buddha .
We were ashamed of it because we knew it was a virus with which we ourselves were infected .
It seemed impossible not to be .
We are all Sheilas now .
There are , nonetheless , alternatives .
First , there ’s tradition itself .
When we started Killing the Buddha , we found ourselves fellow traveling with punk fundamentalists , true believers and new monastics , intellectual snobs with vulgar mouths and contempt for the milquetoastery of pluralism .
I am thinking here of another on - line magazine , the late New Pantagruel , and of the hipster Christians gathering their forces behind Sufjan Stevens ’s pretty warble on his Asthmatic Kitty label , and even , after a fashion , of the hedonistic asceticism of the anti-globalization movement that swirled around us at the beginning .
“ Environmental druids , anarchist ninjas , union organizers , policy grinders , pacifists , political prisoners , poor people , and squatters like Carlo Giuliani , ” we called them in Killing the Buddha after the 2001 murder of Giuliani by Italian police at a Group of 8 Summit in Genoa .
“ A vast array opposed for various reasons to the neo-liberal attempt to enclose all that is alive and mysterious in a set of trade agreements and holding corporations . ”
But the anarchists and their allies , like the new traditionalists , were all too often utopian , drawn like the theologians of the Radical Orthodoxy movement — another inspiration for Killing the Buddha — toward a mythical past .
For Radical
Orthodoxy , the lure was a moment of pure mind , medieval scholasticism ’s anticipation of postmodern theology ; for the anarchists at their most sentimental , it was a fantasy of pure flesh , wild men and women living like cavemen , abandoning the corruptions of the world .
Even language would be jettisoned , according to the primitivists who swung through the trees around Eugene , Oregon .
In the future , as in the past , they promised , we will communicate with clicks and grunts and humps and caresses .
It ’s silly enough — and sad enough — to drive you 180 degrees in the opposite direction .
Counter to the new traditionalists , left and right , were the new atheists , the revitalized movement of angry rationalists that would bring screeds from Sam Harris , Christopher Hitchens , and Richard Dawkins .
No Sheilas they !
The new atheism is a movement built on rock - hard reason , throbbing with a weird mix of contempt for and attraction to soft superstition .
It is not enough for the new atheists to simply not believe ; what matters is making sure that you do n’t believe .
They are evangelists ; and like evangelicalism itself — a faith built around the Great Commission and a hope for the conversion of every man , woman , and child — their cause is hopeless .
If evangelicalism is shaded by delusion , the new atheism is propped up by a false posture .
As an alternative to Sheilaism , it ultimately offers more of the same , translated into macho : to “ just my own little voice ” it replies , “ my own awesome — erm , brain . ”
Which brings me round to the third escape from Sheilaism , the third way .
Third ways are a twentieth - century tradition themselves , one that ’s usually a cover for something cynical .
The third way was the path of Pyle , the violently optimistic spook in Graham Greene ’s The Quiet American , and it was the hope of the real - world CIA when it financed a generation of the American avant - garde , hoping to out - art the Soviet Union , as documented in Frances Stonor Saunders ’s The Cultural Cold War .
The third way , we could argue , was a rhetorical trick of that forty years ’ war .
Like the bomb , it lingers ; like nuclear power , it still seduces .
The third way in politics , we ’re told by Democrats who vote like Republicans , is an aggressive centrism ; the third way in religion , we ’re told by evangelicals who vote like Democrats , is a mealy mush of faith and pluralism , neither right nor left nor , apparently , much of anything .
It is a rejection of both certainty and secularism , an embrace of tradition without ideas , a commitment to continuity without history , a center without moorings .
Third ways , in other words , tend to be built on false promises , naive realpolitik , compromises that conceal their costs .
And yet , too skeptical for new traditionalism , too bored by the new atheism , we had no other chance but to find a third way of our own .
Fortunately , we knew what to do with it when we found it : kill it .
Because the third way you meet is not the true path but merely an expression of your longing .
Thus , Killing the Buddha , a magazine devoted to its own undoing , a disjointed and freakish revelation road that runs in a bumpy circle , all its epiphanies merely echoes of one another , each murmuring the same precious and useless knowledge : the apocalypse is always now .
Which means , of course , that the ending of one story is simply the beginning of another .
Believer , beware ; our condition is incurable .
Important safety tip – do n’t diss your lover when she ’s got you tied up
BBC , June 10 , 2009
The lover of one of the most influential bankers in Europe has broken down in court and admitted killing him after kinky sex .
Cecile Brossard , 40 , shot French investment banker Edouard Stern , 50 , in his luxury apartment in Geneva in 2005 .
Mr Stern , a friend of French President Nicolas Sarkozy , was found in a latex body suit with four bullet wounds .
Defence lawyers say during a sex game he told her : “ A million dollars is a lot of money to pay for a whore . ”
Ms Brossard told the court in Geneva at the start of her trial she would “ try to explain the truth ” .
I would like to ask for forgiveness , but we cannot seek forgiveness for something so abominable
Cecile Brossard
Mr Stern was an investment banker and the 38th richest man in France .
His death was at first rumoured to be linked to the Russian mafia , before his lover confessed .
Lawyers for the Stern family claim she wanted money and planned to kill Stern when she realised she would not get it – a premeditated killing which would carry a sentence of up to 20 years .
Ms Brossard ’s lawyers , however , say Mr Stern had humiliated and abused her , and that the shooting was an unpremeditated crime of passion – which has a maximum sentence of only 10 years .
Sex game
After the court heard testimony from Mr Stern ’s former wife Beatrice , and their two adult children , Ms Brossard said : “ I would like to ask for forgiveness , but we cannot seek forgiveness for something so abominable .
The only thing that I can do is to try to explain the truth . ”
Ms Brossard described Mr Stern as “ an intelligent man , refined , extraordinary in every way ” .
Mr Stern ’s lawyers say he was killed in a row over $ 1 m , which he had transferred to his lover ’s account but then blocked .
Her lawyers say that during the course of a sado - masochistic sex game he provoked her by saying : “ A million dollars is a lot of money to pay for a whore . ”
According to them , his words led Ms Brossard to seize his gun , that was in the bedroom , and to shoot him – twice in the body and twice in the head .
The trial is expected to last 10 days .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Given that even these daily digests are faltering , how is it that a notionally similar weekly news digest —
The Economist — is not only surviving , but thriving ?
Virtually alone among magazines ,
The Economist saw its advertising revenues increase last year by double digits — a remarkable 25 percent , according to the Publisher ’s Information Bureau .
Newsweek ’s and Time ’s dropped 27 percent and 14 percent , respectively .
( The Economist ’s revenues declined in the first quarter of this year , but so did almost every magazine ’s . )
Indeed ,
The Economist has been growing consistently and powerfully for years , tracking in near mirror - image reverse the decline of its U.S. rivals .
Despite being positioned as a niche product , its U.S. circulation is nearing 800,000 , and it will inevitably overtake Newsweek on that front soon enough .
Unlike its rivals ,
The Economist has been unaffected by the explosion of digital media ; if anything , the digital revolution has cemented its relevance .
The Economist has become an arbiter of right - thinking opinion ( free - market right - center , if you want to be technical about it ; with a dose of left - center social progressivism ) at a time when arbiters in general are in ill favor .
It is a general - interest magazine for an ever - increasing audience , the self - styled global elite , at a time when general - interest anything is having a hard time interesting anybody .
And it sells more than 75,000 copies a week on U.S. newsstands for $ 6.99 (! ) at a time when we ’re told information wants to be free and newsstands are disappearing .
All of this suggests that although digital media is clearly supplanting everything analog , digital will not necessarily destroy analog .
A better word might be displace .
And The Economist ’s success holds a number of lessons for dead - tree revanchists on how to manage this displacement .
The easy lesson might be that quality wins out .
The Economist is truly a remarkable invention — a weekly newspaper , as it calls itself , that canvasses the globe with an assurance that no one else can match .
Where else , really , can you actually keep up with Africa ?
But even as The Economist signals its gravitas with every strenuously reader - unfriendly page , it has never been quite as brilliant as its more devoted fans would have the rest of us believe .
( Though , one must add , nor is it as shallow as its detractors would tell you it is . )
At its worst , the writing can be shoddy , thin research supporting smug hypotheses .
The “ leaders , ” or main articles , tend to “ urge ” politicians to solve complex problems , as if the key to , say , reconstituting the global banking system were but a simple act of cogitation away .
A typical leader , from January , on the ongoing Gaza violence was an erudite , deeply historical write - around on Arab - Israeli violence that ended up arriving at the same conclusion everyone else arrived at long ago : Israel must give up land for peace .
The science - and - technology pages tend toward Gladwell - lite popularizations of academic papers from British universities .
A February report on new scientific analyses of crowd behavior seemed to promise a fresh look at how police might deal with potentially rowdy mobs , but it quickly degenerated into an unsatisfying gloss on a British professor ’s explanation of why some crowds become violent and some do not , with some syntax - obliterating hemming and hawing for good measure .
( “ And it is that which may help violence to be controlled . ” )
I hate homeopathy more than I hate most things .
It 's utter rubbish -- worse than rubbish , because it actively misrepresents itself in ways that discourage people from seeking legitimate treatment for serious conditions .
A lot of the business of super - kooky alternative medicine comes from misdiagnosing made - up allergies and " curing " them with wacky treatments .
When that 's a self - contained cycle - - made - up allergies ; made - up cures -- it does n't do anyone any harm .
But when snake - oil salesmen start shilling their miracles to people with actual allergies , it gets really scary .
This week 's scam du jour is ALLERTHERAPY ( TM ) , which I 'm not going to link to -- you can google them if you 're that curious .
ALLERTHERAPY ( TM ) claims to offer a convenient alternative to allergy shots : homeopathic solutions you spray into your mouth .
Each of these contains traces of a zillion " potential allergens , " and presumably regular use will render you non-reactive to these substances .
Most homeopathic preparations are essentially distilled water , with no detectable traces of the material they claim to carry .
If that were the case with ALLERTHERAPY ( TM ) , it would be less of an issue .
But ALLERTHERAPY ( TM ) contains detectable traces of allergens .
For example , their food allergy preparation apparently has about the same PPM of peanuts that you 'd find in hot - pressed peanut oil .
Congratulations , ALLERTHERAPY ( TM ) !
You 've found a way to make homeopathy not only dangerously misinformative , but What really burns me up is that someone is going to believe this , and they are going to give this shit to their severely food - allergic and trace - sensitive kid .
By all accounts I 've seen , this is a pretty popular product , and it 's designed to prey on precisely the population it has the most potential to hurt : parents who are scared and desperate because they 've given up on conventional medicine curing or even substantially mitigating their kids ' live - threatening allergies ( which despair is , to some extent , legitimate .
The only treatment for food allergies that shows any promise -- sublingual immunotherapy -- is still only available in closely regulated clinical trials .
Most of us are basically told " Avoid it .
Here 's an epi-pen .
Have a nice day . " and sent on our merry way ) .
So , please warn your friends .
And ask them to warn their friends .
Write letters to stores who carry ALLERTHERAPY ( TM ) .
Ask your doctor or allergist to mention it to their patients .
In general , the umbrella of " alternative medicine " is home to a few legitimate therapies and a whole , whole lot of scams .
Please do your research .
Understand placebo effects .
Mock any doctor or chiropractor who claims to diagnose via " applied kinesiology . "
Chirobase.org and its affiliated sites are a great jumping - off point .
It seems that the guys at valve are finally going to allow community content to be played by the mainstream user .
Along with a non beta version of the sdk that is said to release next week the l4d devs are also going to be overhauling the matchmaking system to support “ Add - on Campaigns ” which will allow you to select campaigns that you have installed .
Because of the recent announcement of Left 4 Dead 2 , a lot of fans are wondering whether it ’s worth the trouble creating any custom content because the it may not work with the new game .
I found this quote from one of the writers for most of Valve ’s games which addresses the issue .
Chet_Faliszek wrote :
One thing we do know for sure is we want to make sure that everyone making a Left 4 Dead 1 map now or campaign now it ’s still going to work in Left 4 Dead 2 .
You will be able to start Left 4 Dead 2 up , you will have the new creatures automatically , you ’ll have the new weapons you will have all of that in the world , if you want to do some of the new director stuff or some of the new ways we control item placement you can go re-do it and add that , but you can also just leave it the exact same way and it will work .
When I was first reading about this on the Left 4 Dead Blog I started thinking of playing de_dust with hordes of zombies which was apparently done in the demo but never released .
But then I remembered that I only have the game for XBOX 360 .
In the few news reports that I ’ve read I have n’t seen any mention at all of XBOX changes .
If you read that blog Yasser Malaika talks about how easy it will be to install the add - on by double clicking the VPK file .
More than likely Microsoft will make me pay for every custom map that is freely available for the PC version .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The House of Representatives on Tuesday narrowly backed a $ 106 billion bill to pay for the U.S. wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and extend billions in new credit to the International Monetary Fund .
U.S. soldiers take position on top of Police Building during a training session by U.S. army at al - Karama police headquarter in Mosul , 390 km ( 240 miles ) north of Baghdad June 16 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Saad Shalash
The legislation also includes extras like vouchers to spur U.S. car sales , and comes after a series of political battles that exposed the sharp fissures between President Barack Obama ’s Democrats and the Republican minority .
The spending bill , which now heads to the Senate for consideration , marks a step forward for Obama ’s agenda for winding down the Iraq war and boost operations in Afghanistan where militants are entrenched .
Obama and his fellow Democrats who control both chambers had to fight hard for the bill .
But in the 226-202 vote , they managed only to get five Republican votes and saw 32 Democrats vote against it .
Almost all Republicans withdrew support for the war funding bill because provisions were added by the Senate to provide $ 108 billion in new credit lines for the IMF to help the agency ease countries through the global financial downturn .
Some Democrats appeared to question Republican support for the troops since it was largely focused on funding the wars .
“ Eighty percent or more of this bill is to support the young men and women , and some not so young , who we have sent in harm ’s way in Iraq and Afghanistan to confront terrorism , ” House Democratic Leader Steny Hoyer said during floor debate .
But Republicans countered that the IMF funding should have been considered separately and expressed concern it could lend to U.S. foes like Iran or Venezuela -- even though the IMF currently has no loan programs with these countries .
“ Republicans support our troops , period , ” said Republican Representative Eric Cantor , who helped lead the opposition .
The legislation also authorizes U.S. support for the IMF ’s plan to sell 400 tons ( 12.97 million ounces ) of its gold reserves .
CASH FOR CLUNKERS
Lawmakers also tussled over $ 1 billion inserted in the bill to spur car sales through vouchers of up to $ 4,500 for Americans to junk less fuel - efficient vehicles and buy new cars that get better mileage .
Both Republicans and Democrats have complained that the bill ’s requirements for improving mileage are too small -- as little as two miles per gallon -- and have questioned inserting it into the war funding measure .
Republican Senator Judd Gregg has said he may try to strip the program from the bill .
The bill also dealt with Obama ’s plans to close the U.S. prison at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
A compromise was struck to permit Guantanamo terrorism suspects to be brought to the United States for trial but not for permanent detention .
The overall bill includes $ 79.9 billion for the wars plus $ 2.7 billion for eight Boeing Co C - 17 military transport aircraft and seven Lockheed Martin C- 130 planes that the Pentagon did not request .
It also has $ 1.4 billion in foreign aid to Pakistan , half for its counterinsurgency effort against militant Taliban forces .
The legislation also ballooned after Obama sought billions of dollars to combat the H1N1 flu virus which has now become a pandemic .
Lawmakers nearly doubled his request of $ 4 billion to $ 7.7 billion , though $ 5.8 billion is contingent on needs .
This solution seemed to be working pretty well until Ms. Roth ’s daughter dutifully tried to stick a juice pop  a special class treat from her teacher on a hot day  into her plastic container .
The teacher told Ms. Roth ’s daughter to eat it or lose it , and according to the child pointed out that she had seen the young girl eating the corn chips served with school lunch  did that not count as junk food ?
This prompted one of Ms. Roth ’s infamous heated e-mail messages to the school .
Which , in turn , prompted administrators to pull her daughter out of class to discuss the juice pop incident , which only further infuriated Ms. Roth , who said her daughter felt as if she ’d been ambushed .
What followed was the kind of meeting in which bureaucracy masquerades as farce , or maybe it ’s the other way around .
Ms. Roth and her husband , Ben , say they were told by Helene Moffatt , a school safety official , that if they considered the regular dissemination of junk food a threat to their children ’s health and safety  and indeed , they do  they should request a health and safety transfer , something that generally follows threats of violence .
That transfer request , they were told , would also require filing a complaint with the police .
“ What would that conversation even sound like ? ” asked Mr. Roth , who works in marketing .
“ ‘ We know you guys are dealing with stabbings and shootings , but stop everything : We have a cupcake situation ’ ? ”
Both parents left feeling they were being pushed out of P.S. 9 , which they perceive as exhausted by Ms. Roth ’s intense lobbying for , among other things , permission slips for any food not on the official lunch menu .
It would not be the first time : The Roths previously lived in Millburn , N.J. , where , after Ms. Roth waged war on the bagels and Pringles meal served to kids at lunch , received e-mail from one member of the P.T.A. that said , “ Please , consider moving . ”
That was in 2006 , and P.S. 9 has been hearing about its transgressions against healthy eating pretty much ever since .
Earlier this year Ireland 's RIAA , IRMA , and the country 's largest ISP , Eircom , reached private agreement to implement 3 strikes and disconnections for alleged pirates .
At concerns that this would place Eircom at a competitive disadvantage , part of the deal would see IRMA go after Ireland 's other ISPs too .
IRMA kept their promise .
Last year EMI , Sony , Universal and Warner commenced legal proceedings against Eircom , Ireland ’s largest ISP .
The four labels control 90 % of Ireland ’s music market and citing huge losses to piracy , decided to force Eircom to do something about illicit file - sharing .
They demanded that the ISP should introduce filtering technology to stop it , but the ISP refused and soon found itself in court .
After initially telling everyone how it would never cave in to the labels , Eircom quickly changed its tune .
A few days into the court case , suddenly there was a “ world - first ” agreement between the labels and the ISP .
Eircom had entered into an entirely voluntary agreement with the labels , where they would simply accuse alleged copyright infringers ( via DtecNet , the RIAA and BPI anti-piracy partner ) , and on the third accusation the ISP would disconnect that subscriber on a Terms of Service violation .
Although it has n’t been put into place yet due to “ ongoing technical discussions concerning implementation , ” this deal does seem very cosy .
And it gets cosier still .
As part of the agreement with Eircom , the Big Four agreed that they would go after other ISPs to force them to agree to the same terms as Eircom did , so the company “ would not be at a competitive disadvantage . ”
So who would be next on the hit - list ?
According to a report in the Irish Times , that honor has been bestowed on Ireland ’s second - largest telco BT Ireland , and the country ’s largest cable operator UPC Ireland .
On Tuesday , two sets of legal proceedings were issued at the High Court by “ EMI Records ( Ireland ) Limited and others ” , one against BT Communications Ireland and another against UPC Communications Ireland .
IRMA , Ireland ’s equivalent to the RIAA said it targeted these ISPs since their customers share the most music .
While a spokesman for BT said he could n’t comment at this stage , a spokeswoman for UPC said their company position has n’t changed .
It will not enter into an agreement with the record labels that goes further than existing legislation – i.e no voluntary 3 strikes .
“ There is no basis under Irish law requiring ISPs to control , access or block the Internet content its users download .
In addition , the rights - holders ’ proposal gives rise to serious concerns for data privacy and consumer contract law , ” she said adding : “ UPC intends to vigorously defend its position in court . ”
Eircom took that position too , but look where they ended up – in the lap of the Big Four .
Time will tell if UPC can maintain its strength against determined opposition .
To view the interactive results map you need Javascript and Flash player 9
Post Windows 2000 and Windows XP , the use of the Windows Command prompt has been on the decline .
Everything that is done on Windows today is done through the graphical user interface .
There are still some tasks that are done through the Command prompt , but we are n’t going to discuss about commands available for the Command line .
There are plenty of references for that .
Rather , we are going to find out those tricks that make working on the prompt easier .
1. Copy and Paste Text
If you have ever tried to copy and paste stuff into the command prompt window , you must have discovered that Ctrl+C and Ctrl + V does n’t work .
You can however copy text from other applications , right click on the command prompt windows and click Paste .
But how do you copy text from the command prompt ?
There is a strange way to do it .
First right - click inside the command prompt window and click on Mark .
The title bar of the window should read Mark Command Prompt .
Now drag a box around the text you want to copy .
The selected text will get highlighted .
Right - click again to automatically copy the selected text into the clipboard .
Now again right click and choose the paste option to paste the text .
You can also paste this text into other Windows applications .
There is an easier way to copy paste text in command prompt .
Right - click on the title bar and click Properties .
Under the Options tab check the box for QuickEdit Mode .
Now you can straightaway drag and select text you want to copy , right - click to copy the text to the clipboard and right - click once again to paste it at the desired location .
No need to go into the context menu to choose Paste .
This option can be enabled either for the current command prompt window or for all instances of command prompt .
2. Command Prompt History
Do you know that command prompt has a history ?
Simply press F7 to display the list of commands entered during the current session .
Use the arrow keys to select and command from the list you want to run .
To run the previously entered command press F3 .
To run any command from the history list by it ’s number , press F9 and type the command number .
3. Drag and drop to enter file path
There are two ways to execute applications using the command line – 1 ) navigate into the directory where the application resides using the CD command and then type the application name , or 2 ) type the full path of the application from any location .
Either way , it involves lot of typing particularly if the application is inside directories several levels deep .
The easiest way to avoid typing the path name is to simply drag the applications icon into the command window and release it to automatically enter the path of the application .
Now you just have to press Enter to run it .
You can also drag folders into the command prompt window .
4. AutoComplete
To help you with entering commands and file paths , the command prompt also has an auto complete feature which allows you to complete filenames without typing the entire name .
Type the first few characters and click TAB to cycle through all available filenames and folders .
5. Full Screen Mode
In the days of DOS , the command window ran full screen .
But from Windows 2000 it started running inside a window .
If you prefer to run it full screen , press ALT +ENTER to go into full screen mode .
Use the same shortcut to exit full screen .
Notice that Windows Media
Player uses the same shortcut for running full screen , so this should be easy to remember .
6. Customize the look of the command prompt
If you are tired of the black screen , you can make a few changes to make it look livelier .
All customization options are available by right - clicking on the title bar and clicking Properties .
Change cursor size , window size , fonts , colors and more .
Matrix style .
However the aftermath of Friday ’s presidential election in Iran turns out – and it will probably take more than a few days to see the immediate alignment of power and influence , and perhaps months for longer - term implications to play themselves out – Iran is likely to be somewhat different in the way it is ruled and how it interacts with the rest of the region and the world .
At the same time , however , certain geopolitical realities will remain that a government ( or new regime ? ) of any character will have to take into account .
Notice that I am speaking of Iran as if it is a relatively normal country that , because of the land it occupies and the character and composition of its neighbors , has certain opportunities and constraints that any ruling class has to deal with .
This is not necessarily the consensus view among Americans or foreign - policy elites .
Shmuel Rosner explains in this piece that some Americans , represented recently by Mohsen Milani in this Foreign Affairs piece , believe that the major goal of Iran is " the survival of the Islamic Republic as it exists now " – to find a modus vivendi with its neighbors such that it can be assured that none have a reason to want to invade it or engage in too concerted a campaign of regime - change .
It seems to follow from this view that the apparent desire of Iranians to acquire at least the ability to build nuclear weapons involves deterrence – Pakistan on one border and Israel within a missile ’s throw on the other side have nuclear arsenals – and a defensive posture rather than an aggressive design .
The argument on the other side is that Iran still harbors regional hegemonic intentions , intentions to spread the Shia Islamist ideology that were certainly expressed in the early days following the Islamic Revolution and followed by some actions .
The cultivation and subsidization of both Hamas , largely Sunni , and Hezbollah , Shia in confession , as well as heavy influence in Syria , is said to offer evidence for the view that far from just wanting to be secure and left alone , Iran seeks to gain influence in and perhaps dominate the region .
If this leads to crushing Israel eventually , that would be icing on the cake , and that possibility is definitely something Israel , and by implication the United States , have reason to be actively concerned about .
Rosner identifies two sets of tensions in the way others see Iran – logical vs. unpredictable , and survival vs. hegemony .
There are other ways to express the difficulties in explaining how various Americans see Iran .
Many see it as an aggressively ideological state with a mission to spread its ideology and increase the power of Shia in the Muslim world , and they argue that no amount of talk or negotiation is likely to deter it from this path , that it will only use negotiations to seek advantages in carrying out this mission .
Others argue that the regime may still talk the talk of regional hegemony , but that its interests are more workaday , that even subsidizing Hezbollah and Hamas can be explained as more defensive than offensive moves .
You could also say that there is a split between those who want to demonize the Iranian regime and those who prefer to analyze it .
If the regime is irredeemably evil and always will be , then there ’s little point in anything other than predominantly military deterrence and perhaps subversion through financing opposition movements and the like .
If the regime calculates in a more realistic fashion , then we can do business – but we might have to conduct the kind of negotiations in which both sides get something they want but neither gets everything .
While acknowledging that the arguments on the other side are not all invented or spurious , I lean toward the pragmatic / realist understanding of the regime .
As is the case in most countries , and as was illustrated by the intensive campaigning prior to the election , there seem to be differences among Iranians .
Ahmadinejad certainly represents a persuasion that leans toward the aggressive side , and even if this election was stolen for him , a sizable number of the Iranian people seem to lean toward that side , or at least respond positively to hearing statements that most of the outside world would regard as unduly provocative .
As many have noted repeatedly , however , an Iranian president ’s freedom of action is limited .
The mullahs and ultimately Ayatollah Khamenei make the final decisions .
If they rigged the election for Ahmadinejad , however clumsily , that suggests that they prefer him in power to former prime minister Mir Hossein Mousavi , whom some ayatollahs seemed to regard as a threat to the nature of the regime itself .
So far the mullahs have allowed Ahmadinejad to speak aggressively , but he has n’t initiated new aggressive fronts .
The relationships with Hamas , Hezbollah , and Syria were in place before he came to power , though he may have fortified them .
And unless they think having a few nuclear weapons would create the conditions where a first strike would be advisable , development of a weapons program may not be inherently aggressive .
Here are the bare outlines of what I think would be a more fruitful U.S. strategy toward Iran , one that would seek to minimize U.S. exposure to aggressive activities and terrorist threats .
A first step – controversial to be sure – would involve rethinking our attitude toward nuclear proliferation .
The present policy and rhetoric reflect a belief that any expansion of the number of countries with nukes is inherently undesirable .
But another school of thought , pioneered by the eminent political scientist Kenneth Waltz and expressed recently in this piece in the American Conservative magazine , argues that the only realistic use of nukes is as a deterrent and that countries that acquire them tend to behave more realistically and cautiously after they do so .
In this view , Iran ’s acquisition of a few nukes [ . pdf ] would not be cause for gnashing of teeth or preemptive bombing , but would create a new situation with the potential to make the region more stable .
Whether Iran eventually gets nukes is less important than understanding that even a new , perhaps even secular , regime in Iran will continue to seek them ( the shah initiated the first nuclear weapons program ) .
That might or might not lead to Saudi Arabia or Egypt beginning active weapons program – that ’s possible , but not inevitable .
They might just view the presence of Israeli and Pakistani nukes as deterrence enough .
Any Iranian regime will want at least some assurance that an Iraqi regime will not attack it in the near future .
Iranian - Iraqi rivalries are centuries old , but it is possible that the two countries , both of which suffered grievously during the Iran - Iraq war ( initiated by Iraq ) of the 1980s , are not inclined at present to attack one another .
The United States would do best to facilitate this by withdrawing its military forces from the region , making it clear that it can live with any outcome that does not lead to threats against the United States itself .
Withdrawal of U.S. forces from Iraq – promised now but with a fair amount of fudging about residual forces involved in " training " – should be followed by withdrawal of U.S. military forces from Afghanistan .
Iran should then be invited to be an ally in the hunt for bin Laden and the neutralization of any al - Qaeda ability to conduct significant attacks not only on Iran but on the U.S. or Western Europe .
Iran has no love for al - Qaeda and was cooperative and helpful behind the scenes in the early days of U.S. action in Afghanistan following 9/11 .
A recent poll of Iranians showed that 70 percent would favor U.S. investment in Iran , and 69 percent favor a free - trade agreement between the U.S. and Iran .
The level of education and technological aptitude among Iranians is reasonably high , and curiosity about the outside world is widespread .
The goal of U.S. policy should be to turn Iran into – or recognize that to a great extent it already is – a " normal " country rather than a demonized pariah , mainly by treating it as normal already and encouraging it to become more so .
Most Iranians admire the U.S. as a country and a culture .
The two countries have had mutually beneficial trade relationships in the past , and there ’s no inherent reason – so long as we do n’t take the rantings of a pip- squeak like Ahmadinejad too seriously as an existential threat in themselves – that they should have normal relations in the near future .
An Iran involved in trade and cultural exchanges with the U.S. and Western Europe is likely to be less of a threat to the stability of the region than it is now .
If we can get beyond the mutual demonizing , leading by example , then much more fruitful and less threatening relations with Iran are possible , even if the country still has a regime that trends more toward Shariah law than Western - style parliamentary democracy .
The question is whether we want to move in that direction or whether we cherish the confrontational stance ( which does yield rewards in the form of patting ourselves on the back over our love for human rights and being seen as the essential counterbalance in the region ) so much that we decline to move toward what many will deride as the naïve and weak – though others will call it cold - bloodedly realistic – policy of normalization .
Wednesday , July 15 12:00 AM EDT Reasons a Geek Can't Be a Supreme Court Justice
11 . Would base all decisions on information gathered from Wikipedia .
10 .
Would try to ban Justice Scalia for being a troll .
9 . Would annoy other justices by getting them to reenact the " witch " scene from Holy Grail .
8 . Would sentence everyone to be frozen in carbonite .
7 . Could n't resist wearing pointy hat every time robe put on .
6 . MST3 K style commentary during boring trials 5 .
Would use logic and intelligence to decide cases instead of political bias .
4 . Would decide cases by rolling a d20 .
3 . Would spend more time coming up with fun names for the cases instead of deciding on them .
2 . All decisions would be written in the style of Xena fan fiction .
1 . Would totally ruin the quote , " With great power comes great responsibility . "
This one goes to 11 .
Previous Story :
Geek Thoughts by CoCo Tandy Next Story :
This Changes Everything
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Veteran Conservative MP
Ann Widdecombe has announced she is to stand as Speaker of the House of Commons .
The former Home Office minister said she wanted to " clean up the place " .
Miss Widdecombe , 61 , joins a growing list of MPs hoping to replace the current speaker , Michael Martin , who is due to step down on 21 June .
Former Foreign Secretary Margaret Beckett and Sir Patrick Cormack have also announced they are joining the race to be House of Commons Speaker .
Miss Widdecombe told the BBC she thought she would " connect very well with the public " and that the polls made her " the runaway favourite with the public " .
After the next election ... it will be a very different ball game .
I hope I can help us deal with that
Margaret Beckett
The MP for Maidstone and The Weald said the job " will certainly be an enormous challenge , because we do have to get the reputation of parliament restored in time for the next election .
It 's not something which can be postponed until afterwards ' ' .
She also said her possible appointment as speaker would only be a temporary one , as she intends to retire at the next general election .
" My own retirement plans are very advanced and it's quite true that until Michael Martin resigned , this idea had just never entered my head .
" And that 's why it 's taken me a while to make up my mind that I would put my hat in the ring , because I was n't entirely convinced that an interim was necessarily the right thing to do .
" But as I 've talked to people , and people have responded positively , I 've decided to do it . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
She said she had delayed her entry into the race because she " wanted to see the outcome of events in the Labour Party " .
She added : " Had there been the slightest possibility of an Autumn election it would have been a nonsense to stand because it would have only been for a few months .
" But I think if I were to have the best part of a year and if that was what colleagues wanted me to do then I would be able to be effective " .
Miss Widdecombe said it was " crucial " to restore the reputation of Parliament , which she said had never been lower .
She said that although the " majority of MPs were not touched by this expenses scandal " the public now thought that " if you have got the letters MP after your name you must be up to no good and that is something we do have to counter " .
Growing list On Monday nine MPs are to take part in hustings for the Speaker job .
Mr Martin 's successor will be elected on 22 June .
Former Foreign Secretary Margaret Beckett became the third MP on Wednesday to announce she is standing for the job - her Labour colleague Parmjit Dhanda and the Conservative deputy Speaker Sir Michael Lord announced earlier they were standing .
Mrs Beckett , who left her government job as housing minister in last week 's reshuffle , said : " I think at the moment we have got very considerable problems in Parliament .
We have got to make changes .
" After the next election , if we have a more finely balanced chamber than we have had in the recent past , it will be a very different ball game .
" I hope I can help us deal with that . "
SPEAKER CANDIDATES
Ann Widdecombe ( Con ) Margaret Beckett ( Lab ) Sir Patrick Cormack ( Con ) John Bercow ( Con ) Frank Field ( Lab ) Parmjit Dhanda ( Lab ) Sir Michael Lord ( Con ) Sir George Young ( Con ) Sir Alan Haselhurst ( Con ) Richard Shepherd ( Con ) Sir Alan Beith ( Lib )
Speaker : Runners and riders
She was the first woman to serve as deputy leader of the Labour Party and the first woman foreign secretary under Tony Blair .
She was replaced by David Miliband in Gordon Brown 's first reshuffle but returned to the government as a housing minister the following year .
Michael Martin 's decision to stand down as Speaker in May after nearly nine years in the role , came at the height of public anger over claims made by MPs on their second homes expenses .
Expenses row Several MPs stood up to tell him he had to make way for a Speaker who could help the Commons reform itself .
Mrs Beckett has faced some questions about her own expenses - she claimed second home allowances of £ 72,537 from 2004 to 2008 , despite having no mortgage or rent to pay on her constituency home and living in a grace and favour flat for part of the time .
She has defended them , saying grace and favour homes are not rent free and said MPs incur " extra costs that people even in comparable jobs do not have " .
Asked if the controversy would damage her prospects , she replied : " Only time will tell . "
Declaring his candidacy , Sir Patrick , the 70 - year - old MP for South Staffordshire , said the new Speaker must ensure new rules being drawn up by the standards watchdog must be " rigorously enforced " .
But they should also make sure that " they do not punish retrospectively those who have behaved responsibly , or inhibit men and women of limited means from aspiring to Parliament " .
Mrs Beckett is one of Labour 's most experienced MPs
He added : " I believe that I could bring to the position of Speaker a robust impartiality founded on a passionate belief in parliamentary democracy and a deep love of the Palace of Westminster in general , and the House of Commons in particular . "
Sir Patrick said he would retire from the role at the age of 75 at the latest .
Among people taking part in hustings for the role , organised by the Hansard Society , are the Conservative chairman of the Commons standards and privileges committee Sir George Young , Lib Dem Sir Alan Beith and Labour 's Frank Field .
Sir Patrick , Tory MP Sir Alan Haselhurst and Tory backbenchers Richard Shepherd and John Bercow , will also take part in the hustings .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A book translated as China is Not Happy was released a little over a month ago , expecting to spur Chinese nationalism and anger against foreigners , particularly Western foreigners .
But the intent of the book has backfired as public outcry has instead been directed at China .
“ Outwardly this is a book about patriotism , ” said commentator Chang Ping in the liberal Southern Weekend newspaper .
“ The problem is that it does not help China solve its problems by revealing them .
On the opposite , it wants China to succeed by hating other countries and by castigating Chinese people that like other countries . ”
Of course , this is good news for expats living in China .
Despite attempts to shelter the public , the unexpected reaction to the book showcases that the Chinese are more open to the West than nationalistic propaganda would otherwise suggest .
This also portrays the dangers of nationalism to the open spirit that so many expats share about the world .
Expatriating is about more than just seeking a different way of life .
It is also about diluting lines between borders , celebrating differences , and challenging ourselves to see and think anew every day .
Comments
Ask the Expert
Oliver Sacks answers questions about how music affects the brain , how it can be used to treat some neurologic disorders , and more .
A Mind for Music
Watch as Oliver Sacks 's brain responds — quite differently , as it turns out — to pieces by Bach and Beethoven .
TV Program Description
In this film , Oliver Sacks explores the astonishing power of the brain to recognize and appreciate music .
Links & Books
Find links to websites about Derek Paravicini , Matt Giordano , and others featured in the program .
Posted 28 September 2008 - 20:11
A Primer on Writing Kana
The Origin of the Two Sets of Kana and their Characteristics
( Note : From now on I will use Japanese pronunciation using an improper variation of Hepburn romanization and Shinjitai kanji for all foreign terms . )
以呂波仁保部 止
Katakana Structure and Writing
Hiragana Structure and Writing
Using Kana with Kanji
This is a primer on writing kana ( 假名 / 仮名 ) , part of the Japanese writing system along with kanji ( 漢字 ) .
I 'm writing this guide to serve the FPN members learning or teaching Japanese , as there seem to be many .
However , as with any writing system , one does not need to know the language in order to write its glyphs .
Therefore , anyone can follow this guide and perhaps learn to write some kana .
This is not a lesson in the Japanese language .
But first , a disclaimer : I have not grown up looking at kana , I can't speak Japanese , I can't read ( in most people 's sense of the word ) Japanese , and I have no Japanese blood in me .
In other words , I 'm not a native reader .
Therefore , if any native readers find anything out of place , please point it out , preferably before the stupid edit time limit runs out .
Japanese writing system consists of three types of characters : kanji ( 漢字 ) , hiragana ( 平仮名 ) , and katakana ( 片仮名 ) .
Kanji are Chinese characters imported to Japan about 2000 years ago .
The entire Japanese writing system stems from kanji .
Since I 'll be talking about kanji a lot in this guide , it might aid understanding to read my guide to writing Chinese characters
Two syllabaries , hiragana and katakana , developed from using kanji only for their sound .
These kanji were called manyougana ( 万葉仮名 ) .
To give you an idea of how these manyougana were used , I 'll show you the pronunciation of a few in different dialects of Chinese and Japanese .
Manyougana :( Note : Kun -yomi of 止 is used . ) Tang Dynasty Middle Chinese : / iə̌ liǔ bɑ njin bɑǔ bhǒ ji/ Cantonese : [ ji5 lɵy5 pɔ1 jɐn4 pou2 pou6 tsi2 ]
Mandarin : [ ji3 ly3 puo1 ɻ ə n2 pɑʊ3 pu4 ʈʂz ̩3 ]
Japanese On-yomi , except 止 : /I RO HA NIN HO BU to / Hiragana : / i ro ha ni ho he to / ( いろはにほへと ) Manyougana were standardized and later became hiragana and katakana .
Hiragana formed from cursive ( sousho 草書 ) style manyougana .
Katakana developed from adopting parts of manyougana ( but not the same set of manyougana that formed hiragana ) .
Hiragana appears curvy , while katakana appears more angular .
Hiragana is used to write grammatical particles , noun prefixes and suffixes , verb and adjective inflexions , words that have no kanji , or words where writing the kanji would be inappropriate for the context .
Katakana is used to write transcriptions of words of non-Chinese or - Japanese origin , onomatopoeia , and to emphasize text ( as italic type is used in English ) .
Let 's first look at some of the manyougana that formed katakana .
In each manyougana , highlighted in red is the part that formed the corresponding katakana shown next to it .
( By the way , I 'm not too fond of the chart on Wikipedia that shows katakana origins .
They 've got some things highlighted wrong , but I might have some things highlighted wrong , too .
Still , I think I 'm closer to the truth . )
Good to know , but not really useful because it does n't help you produce a nice looking katakana ( but pay attention to the manyougana that form hiragana !
They will be useful . ) .
I 'm only showing you this just to demonstrate that these are parts of kanji .
This means there 's a definite stroke order for all katakana .
There are only about 50 , so one could just memorize the stroke order .
All strokes that compose katakana are written in standard script ( kaisho 楷書 ) style .
Therefore , each katakana stroke is composed of one or more of the 8 basic strokes in standard script , called eiji happou ( 永字八法 ) .
I go over them in my guide to writing Chinese characters .
Some of the " vertical " and " horizontal " strokes are so slanted that it might mess you up ( for example , the " vertical " in ヤ is far from vertical ) , but there truly are no strokes that can not be composed of one of more of the 8 basic ones .
Also , every stroke is essential , unlike in hiragana .
The grids should help you with stroke placement and balancing .
Unfortunately , this is the extent of my knowledge of katakana and writing it .
I hope the little information I 've given you has helped somewhat .
I 'm more familiar with hiragana .
I 'm almost certain that hiragana is usually learned without even looking at the manyougana from which they form .
However , in order to understand hiragana and write them well , one has to know the manyougana .
( If you have n't already , now would be a good time to get familiar with kanji by reading my guide .)
As I said before , hiragana is manyougana written in cursive and then truncated some more .
Cursive script formed from writing clerical script ( reisho 隷書 ) quickly .
One can think of cursive as an impressionistic representation of clerical script .
A single curvy stroke can represent structures that would take many small straight strokes to write .
In order to understand the 50 - or - so cursive characters that are used for hiragana , one must know which curves represent which structures .
Students of Japanese are often unsure of what 's essential and what 's optional in hiragana , because there are many variations on how to write something in cursive .
Someone might be more conservative , another more blasphemous ; one person connecting a few strokes and another writing them separately .
Another troublesome area is stroke order .
If connecting some things is optional , then the number of strokes varies , and it would be difficult to define what a stroke is .
Here is my solution : I 've made a chart of hiragana and their corresponding manyougana .
First study the manyougana , particularly its stroke order .
Then observe how the hiragana abbreviates the manyougana .
Additionally , I 'm doing away with the idea of stroke order , as these are cursive characters ( and as you might know , one could use one stroke to write an entire line in cursive ) .
Instead , I only mark where the hiragana starts , and one can follow the paths of the curves until the end of the hiragana .
The observant might notice that when there 's a manyougana ending in a vertical stroke , the hiragana bends left at the end ( like in け ) ; and when the manyougana ends with a horizontal stroke , the manyougana bends down at the end ( like in め ) .
This bending is made in preparation for the next glyph .
This is because when hiragana are written in succession , each one starts below the previous one .
Technically , these paths leading to the next character are unnecessary when writing one kana , or writing horizontally .
However , for many readers , these trails have become necessary for recognition of the glyph .
Inclusion of them has become standard .
Not writing these trails might render your writing illegible , or make it seem like bad writing .
All of the hiragana on the following chart are commonly accepted .
The grids should help you balance the character .
On average , kanji is much denser than kana in strokes .
Therefore , in order to make a text appear uniform , one must compensate for the difference in density by either increasing the size of kanji or decreasing the size of kana .
Below is an example of Japanese text .
I 've drawn rectangles around the first line so that one can easily see the difference in size .
One might ask ; what should the size ratio be ?
It is not fixed , as different kanji have different densities , and one must compensate accordingly .
( Special thanks to Sailor Kenshin and Taki ! )
Hamid Dabashi mirrors something I 've been saying :
If I am correct in this reading , we should not expect an imminent collapse of the regime .
These young Iranians are not out in the streets seeking to topple the regime for they lack any military wherewithal to do so , and they are alien to any militant ideology that may push them in that direction .
It seems to me that these brave young men and women have picked up their hand - held cameras to shoot those shaky shots , looking in their streets and alleys for their Martin Luther King .
They are well aware of Mir Hossein Moussavi ’s flaws , past and present .
But like the color of green , the very figure of Moussavi has become , it seems to me , a collective construction of their desires for a peaceful , nonviolent attainment of civil and women ’s rights .
They are facing an army of firearms and fanaticism with chanting poetry and waving their green bandannas .
I thought my generation had courage to take up arms against tyranny .
Now I tremble with shame in the face of their bravery .
Wow !!
I thought this was a great created scene before checking out the tutorial but in seeing everything that went into it , I have to say it 's Fantastic !!
and well deserving of a Daily D !
After watching CTWC ( which is awesome ) and starting to play tetris again myself I finally took the time to add wide screen support to LTris ( my monitor gave me severe seizures in fullscreen ... ) by using a shadow surface .
It is just software scaling but hey at least it is playable again in fullscreen .
As with Barrage : SDL will return bad mouse positions if switching window -> fullscreen .
You 'll need to switch and then restart the game .
Nothing I can do about it , sorry .
From Time Magazine 's article on decriminalization of all drugs in Portugal :
At the recommendation of a national commission charged with addressing Portugal 's drug problem , jail time was replaced with the offer of therapy .
The argument was that the fear of prison drives addicts underground and that incarceration is more expensive than treatment — so why not give drug addicts health services instead ?
Under Portugal 's new regime , people found guilty of possessing small amounts of drugs are sent to a panel consisting of a psychologist , social worker and legal adviser for appropriate treatment ( which may be refused without criminal punishment ) , instead of jail .
The question is , does the new policy work ?
At the time , critics in the poor , socially conservative and largely Catholic nation said decriminalizing drug possession would open the country to " drug tourists " and exacerbate Portugal 's drug problem ; the country had some of the highest levels of hard - drug use in Europe .
But the recently released results of a report commissioned by the Cato Institute , a libertarian think tank , suggest otherwise .
The Cato Institute report , published in April , finds that in the 5 years since personal possession of any drug was decriminalized , illegal drug use among teens in Portugal declined and rates of new HIV infections caused by sharing of dirty needles dropped , while the number of people seeking treatment for drug addiction more than doubled .
" Judging by every metric , decriminalization in Portugal has been a resounding success , " says Glenn Greenwald , an attorney , author and fluent Portuguese speaker , who conducted the research .
" It has enabled the Portuguese government to manage and control the drug problem far better than virtually every other Western country does . "
TIME notes " there is a movement afoot in the U.S. , in the legislatures of New York State , California and Massachusetts , to reconsider our overly punitive drug laws .
Recently , Senators Jim Webb and Arlen Specter proposed that Congress create a national commission , not unlike Portugal 's , to deal with prison reform and overhaul drug - sentencing policy .
As Webb noted , the U.S. is home to 5 % of the global population but 25 % of its prisoners . "
That is a pretty amazing and depressing statistic .
Let 's look at the empirical data and use our common sense to decriminalize drug use , or at the least , to decriminalize the use of marijuana .
Wise moderate Max Baucus in action :
Top health executives and lobbyists have continued to flock to the senator ’s often extravagant fundraising events in recent months .
During a Senate break in late June , for example , Baucus held his 10th annual fly - fishing and golfing weekend in Big Sky , Mont. , for a minimum donation of $ 2,500 .
Later this month comes “ Camp Baucus , ” a “ trip for the whole family ” that adds horseback riding and hiking to the list of activities .
To avoid any appearance of favoritism , his aides say , Baucus quietly began refusing contributions from health - care political action committees after June 1 .
But the policy does not apply to lobbyists or corporate executives , who continued to make donations , disclosure records show .
Baucus declined requests to comment for this article .
Spokesman Tyler Matsdorf said the senator “ is only driven by one thing : what is right for Montana and the country .
And he will continue his open process of working together with the president , his colleagues in Congress , and groups and individuals from across the nation to get this legislation passed . ”
With MongoDB one may create collections of a predefined size , where old data automatically ages out on a least recently inserted basis .
This can be quite handy .
In the mongo JavaScript shell , it is as simple as this :
db.createCollection ( " mycoll " , {capped : true , size : 100000} )
When capped , a MongoDB collection has a couple of interesting properties .
First , the data automatically ages out when the collection is full on a least recently inserted basis .
Second , for capped collections , MongoDB automatically keeps the objects in the collection in their insertion order .
This is great for logging - types of problems where order should be preserved .
To retrieve items in their insertion order :
db.mycoll.find ( ).sort ( { $ natural : 1} ) ; // oldest to newest
db.mycoll.find ( ) .sort ( { $natural : - 1} ) ; // newest to oldest
The implementation of the above two properties in the database is done at a low level and is very fast and efficient .
We could simulate this behavior by using a timestamp column and index , but with a significant speed penalty .
In fact , the capped collection performance is so good that MongoDB uses capped collections as the storage mechanism for its own replication logs .
One can inspect these logs with standard MongoDB commands .
For example , if you have a master MongoDB database running , try this from the mongo shell :
use local
db.db.oplog.$main.find ( ) ; // show some replication log data
db.getReplicationInfo( ) ; // distill from it some summary statistics
db.getReplicationInfo ; // shows the js code for getReplicationinfo function
See the documentation for more information .
Boomshine
74 % - 2291 Votes
Your goal in this addictive flash casual game is to click the screen to start a chain reaction and try to explode as many dots as needed to pass a level .
Use YOUR MOUSE and click anywhere on the screen to start the reaction .
The game contains 12 levels ranging from the easy to the hard ( only 3.97 % of games pass level 12 ) .
Have fun !
Wall Street on the offensive
By Barry Grey
8 June 2009
Bolstered by the policies of the Obama administration , Wall Street is waging a political offensive to shed the minimal limits on executive pay that were tied to government bailout funds and to further weaken regulations on the banks ’ speculative practices .
This week , the Federal Reserve Board and the Treasury Department are expected to give the OK for many of the biggest banks to pay back the billions of dollars in cash infusions they received last October under the $ 700 billion Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) .
The banks ’ rush to repay the taxpayer handouts has nothing to do with altruism or a desire to make restitution for the disaster they have inflicted on society by gambling on subprime mortgages and other semi-criminal activities .
They are eager to repay the money in order to escape restrictions on executive pay as well as other requirements , such as limits on dividends and stock repurchases .
By repaying the TARP money , moreover , the banks will save billions of dollars they would otherwise have to pay the government in the form of dividends on the preferred shares they gave the Treasury in return for the cash infusions .
And having repaid the TARP money , they will be in a stronger position to get back to “ business as usual , ” i.e. , making exorbitant profits by speculating with borrowed funds .
The TARP cash comprises only a relatively small part of the government subsidies that have flowed to Wall Street .
These include hundreds of billions of dollars in government guarantees on the banks ’ debt , virtually interest - free loans from the Federal Reserve , Fed purchases of mortgage - backed securities , and other government programs designed to prop up the financial markets .
The total commitment in public funds for these efforts runs into the trillions of dollars .
Among the firms expected to receive approval to repay their TARP funds are many , if not all , of the nine companies that were deemed by the Obama administration to have sufficient capital to withstand a deeper recession in the so - called bank “ stress tests , ” the results of which were announced a month ago .
They include JPMorgan Chase , Goldman Sachs , American Express , US Bancorp , State Street , and Bank of New York Mellon .
The stress tests were rigged by the Fed and the Treasury to give the 19 largest banks and financial firms a clean bill of health .
The administration presented a picture that understates the critical state of the banks ’ finances so as to justify keeping them in private hands , boost investor confidence and the banks ’ share prices , and provide a rationale for foregoing tougher bank regulation .
In the run-up to the stress test results , the Obama administration intervened repeatedly to reassure the markets that it would do nothing to challenge the property or wealth of the financial elite .
Obama and his treasury secretary , Timothy Geithner , repeatedly declared their support for capitalism and private ownership of the banks .
They intervened to block congressional legislation that would have imposed a tax surcharge on bonuses awarded by bailed - out firms .
They laid out detailed plans to use government funds to enable the banks to offload their bad debts .
And their Auto Task Force , run by investment bankers , made clear that it would force Chrysler and General Motors into bankruptcy in order slash the jobs and wages of auto workers , setting a precedent for similar attacks on every section of the working class .
They declared in advance that they would not allow any of the banks being tested to fail , making clear that there was no limit to the taxpayer bailout of the financial industry .
The result has been a run-up of stock prices , 34 percent overall since early March , with financial stocks surging even higher .
One key index shows large - bank stocks rising 87 percent .
JP Morgan stock has jumped 118 percent .
Bank of America shares are up 263 percent .
Its CEO , Kenneth Lewis , has made a tidy profit of over $ 2 million on 400,000 shares he bought earlier this year .
Investors are rushing to buy up stock offerings by the banks , even though they continue to hold an estimated $ 1 trillion in toxic mortgages on their balance sheets .
The Wall Street Journal reported on June 3 , “ Money is pouring in so fast that surprised bankers can hardly believe it , especially since most investors did n’t want to go near financial stocks just three months ago , even though they were nearly 40 percent cheaper . ”
As Richard Bove , an analyst at Rochdale Research , put it in a note to clients last week , the banking industry is on the verge of a “ golden age . ”
What is the basis for this surge in investor enthusiasm for bank stocks ?
It is the government ’s assurance that it will cover the banks ’ bad gambling debts , dollar for dollar .
The Journal quoted William Mutterperl , a Wall Street lawyer and former vice chairman at PNC Financial Services Croup , as saying , “ I ’m an optimist by nature , but it ’s perplexing because there are still problems out there .
No one has suggested foreclosures are going down , and I do n’t think anyone is saying loan quality is getting any better . ”
Analysts at Moody ’s Investors Service warned last Tuesday that US banks could lose $ 640 billion through next year .
“ In such a scenario , absent continuation , and likely deepening , of US government capital and liquidity support programs for the banking industry , numerous banks would be insolvent , ” the Moody ’s analysts wrote .
The Obama administration ’s good offices have encouraged the big banks to launch a multi - front offensive to block any measures that would limit their profit - making , and to weaken already existing regulations .
Last February , for example , financial firms and banking organizations launched a multi-million - dollar lobbying drive to change mark - to - market accounting rules that forced banks to report losses or write - downs totaling $ 175 billion in 2008 .
Mark - to - market essentially requires banks to value their assets according to prevailing market prices .
The banks have balked at this standard , demanding instead the right to assign their own values to their bad debts , using “ internal models . ”
With the aid of $ 286,000 in campaign donations to the 33 members of a key House subcommittee , the Fair Value Coalition , the lobby group set up by the banks , succeeded in getting the industry rule - making body , the Financial Accounting Standards Board , or FASB , to give the banks immense latitude in suspending mark - to - market rules .
The Wall Street Journal on June 3 published an investigative report detailing the banks ’ use of campaign fund bribes and other monies to get their way .
The Journal reported that the banking coalition spent a total of $ 27.6 million in the first quarter of 2009 on its lobbying effort .
It focused its drive on a House Financial Services subcommittee chaired by Rep. Paul Kanjorski , a Pennsylvania Democrat .
Kanjorski received $ 18,500 from Fair Value Coalition members in the first quarter .
Over the past two years , Kanjorski has received $ 704,000 in contributions from banking and insurance companies , the third - highest among members of Congress .
Barney Frank of Massachusetts , the Democratic chairman of the Financial Services Committee , received $ 8,500 from the coalition .
Kanjorski and other recipients of the bankers ’ largess from both parties grilled the head of FASB , Robert Herz , at a committee hearing on March 12 , demanding that he expedite a review of mark - to - market rules and threatening him with a bill to broaden government oversight of his board if he failed to comply .
Herz got the message , and on April 12 , in advance of the stress test results and early enough to enable the banks to pad their first - quarter financial reports , FASB announced the changes demanded by the lawmakers .
According to the Journal , the American Bankers Association was the biggest contributor to the campaign funds of committee members in the weeks before the March 12 hearing .
The newspaper quotes ABA President Edward Yingling as boasting , “ We worked that hearing .
We told people that the hearing should be used to talk about the big problems with ‘ mark to market , ’ and you had 20 straight members of Congress , one after another , turn to FASB and say , ‘ Fix it . ’ ”
The Journal notes : “ The change helped turn around investor sentiment on banks ....
Wells Fargo & Co. said the change increased its capital by $ 4.4 billion in the first quarter .
Citigroup Inc. said the change added $ 413 million to first - quarter earnings . ”
The newspaper cites a tax and accounting analyst , who estimates that the accounting changes will increase bank earnings in the second quarter by an average of 7 percent .
The Journal quotes Lynn Turner , the former chief accountant of the Securities and Exchange Commission and a former FASB member , as saying “ he does n’t think the banking industry will be satisfied until mark to market accounting is dismantled completely .
‘ Despite efforts by FASB to give ground to the banks , enough is never enough , he says . ”
On a separate front , the World Socialist Web Site reported in a June 4 article on the campaign by the banks , organized in another lobbying group called the CDS Dealers Consortium , to block any serious regulation of derivatives , such as credit default swaps , which played a major role in the collapse of the financial system last year .
The Obama administration has essentially adopted the proposals for regulation of derivatives drawn up by the banking group and secretly distributed to the Treasury Department and congressional leaders .
( See : “ Wall Street , Obama administration conspire to block financial regulation ” )
Then there is the report in the June 4 New York Times that the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) has scrapped a central plank in the Obama ’s administration bank rescue plan because it could not get the banks to participate .
The scheme , dubbed the Legacy Loan Program , was part of the administration ’s Public - Private Investment Program , designed to enable the banks to offload their bad loans and asset - backed securities .
Under the “ legacy loan ” plan , the FDIC was to finance private investment firms , virtually guaranteeing them double - digit profits , if they agreed to buy failed mortgages and other toxic loans from the banks at inflated prices .
However , the banks have refused to participate , because even at the rigged prices under the scheme they would still have to accept some losses on their bad debts .
Finally , the Wall Street Journal reported June 4 that the banks have launched a lobbying drive to block an accounting rule , slated to take effect next year , that would force them to bring some of their off - balance - sheet investments back onto their books .
The rule would apply to hundreds of billions of dollars in financial vehicles through which the banks packaged and sold off loans to other investors .
The vehicles are Enron - style gimmicks by which the banks evade accounting rules requiring them to maintain sufficient capital to back their speculative bets .
“ Here we go again , ” the former SEC chief accountant Lynn Turner told the Journal .
“ They will get out their checkbooks and go to [ Capitol ] Hill . ”
Despite having plunged the US and world economy into the deepest recession since the 1930s , the banks are demonstrating their controlling influence over Congress and the federal government more openly than ever .
As a result , their stock is soaring , their profits are mounting , and top executives are relishing the prospect of salaries and bonuses that will exceed the huge compensation packages that preceded the financial crash .
The diametrically opposed trajectory of Wall Street ’s fortunes and those of the broad mass of the people , who are reeling from depression levels of unemployment , home foreclosures and wage cuts , exposes the class divide that dominates all aspects of American social and political life .
Wayne was steering and I was navigating , but I knew we were not navigating in the way Bowditch defines the art and science of this endeavor .
We were making 8 knots to stem an outgoing tide , any slower and we would have a difficult time offsetting set and drift .
We had no visibility , pea soup fog had set in at sunset and we had been enduring condensation and cold for hours …
[ Read more ... ]
With the celebrated exception of Nouriel Roubini , an economist from the Stern School of Business of New York University .
At just the time Bernanke was testifying about the “ contained ” real - estate problem , Roubini was publishing a paper arguing that the depressed housing market was nowhere near its bottom , that its contraction would be the worst in many decades , and that its effects would likely hurt every part of the economy .
In September 2006 , with markets everywhere still on the rise , he told a seminar at the International Monetary Fund ’s headquarters that the U.S. consumer was just about to “ burn out , ” and that this would mean a U.S. recession followed by a global “ hard landing . ”
An economist who delivered a response dismissed this as “ forecasting by analogy . ”
The IMF ’s in - house newsletter covered Roubini ’s talk as a curiosity , under the headline “ Meet Dr. Doom . ”
Roubini is thus enjoying his moment as the Man Who Was Right , a position no one occupies forever but which he is entitled to for now .
As markets have collapsed , the demand for his views and predictions has soared .
He travels constantly , and late this spring I met him in Hong Kong to ask what he was worried about next .
Roubini , who is 50 , has a tousled look , from his curly black hair to his rumpled clothing .
The initial impression he gave was of total physical exhaustion .
When he spoke , at mid-afternoon in Hong Kong , he would scrunch his eyes closed tight , as if forcing himself awake , and shove his suit jacket sleeves and shirt sleeves high up from his wrists to his forearms in the same effort .
You often see this paralyzing fatigue in people who ’ve recently made the flight to Asia .
What was unusual in Roubini ’s case is that even with eyes closed he kept emitting high - speed and complex answers , which proved on transcription to consist of well - formed sentences and logical sequences .
They were delivered in an accent that is what you might imagine from someone who spent his first 20 - plus years in Turkey , Iran , Israel , and Italy before going to the United States as a graduate student at Harvard .
In a few cases , I later realized , the polish of his responses was because he was reciting passages from papers he had written , as if from an invisible teleprompter .
But mostly he seemed to be drawing on data points and implications that were so much on his mind they could be processed and expressed even when the rest of him was spent .
The conversation was surprising in three ways : for the relatively high grades Roubini gave Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner , generally the least - praised member of the Obama economic team ; for the overall support ( with one significant exception ) he expressed for the administration ’s response to the economic crisis ; and for his willingness to look far enough beyond today ’s disaster to speculate about the problems a recovery might bring .
He was also full of advice about China ’s reaction to the world financial crisis , including the suggestion that its options are narrower than its leaders may grasp .
Enlarge By Charlie Niebergall , AP A Winnebago View motor home sits on display at a local dealership in Jefferson , Iowa .
Recreation - vehicle maker Winnebago said Thursday revenue has crumbled in the face of tumbling motor home sales .
NEW YORK  Winnebago Industries ( WGO ) , the nation 's biggest motor - home manufacturer , posted a loss of $ 8.6 million in its fiscal third quarter as revenue continued to crumble in the face of falling motor - home sales .
The Forest City , Iowa - based company reported a per-share loss of 29 cents per share for the quarter ended May 30 .
It earned $ 3 million , or 10 cents per share , last year .
Revenue plunged 64 % to $ 50.8 million , as motor - home shipments fell 62 % during the quarter .
Wall Street analysts surveyed by Reuters predicted a loss of 27 cents per share , on average .
Chief Executive Robert Olson said lack of access to credit " remains the biggest hurdle " for the industry .
Motor - home sales , which are closely tied to consumer confidence , have been falling for more than a year as the recession drives consumers away from showrooms .
Yet Winnebago said it held up better than the competition during the quarter .
During the first two months of its fiscal third quarter , industry wide motor - home sales fell a steeper 77 % , the company said .
It also said it has managed to cut dealer inventory by 50 % from a year ago and its sales backlog has climbed 14 % since the end of the last quarter .
" We continue to believe we are in a strong financial position with sufficient cash , no long - term debt and the benefit of a respected brand name , " Olson said in a statement .
Winnebago has been cutting costs to cope with the downturn .
Last week , the company announced the closure of a fiberglass factory in Hampton , Iowa , resulting in the loss of 40 jobs .
The announcement came just months after it announced pay cuts across its salaried work force .
Several of Winnebago 's competitors , including Monaco Coach ( MCOAQ ) and Fleetwood Enterprises ( FLTWQ ) , have sought bankruptcy protection and sold off assets in recent months .
Shares of Winnebago closed Wednesday at $ 6.48 .
The stock has more than doubled from a 52 - week low of $ 3.14 in March , but is off from a high of $ 15.20 last year .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Wind power may be the key to a clean energy revolution : a new study in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Science finds that wind power could provide for the entire world ’s current and future energy needs .
To estimate the earth ’s capacity for wind power , the researchers first sectioned the globe into areas of approximately 3,300 square kilometers ( 1,274 square miles ) and surveyed local wind speeds every six hours .
They imagined 2.5 megawatt turbines crisscrossing the terrestrial globe , excluding “ areas classified as forested , areas occupied by permanent snow or ice , areas covered by water , and areas identified as either developed or urban , ” according to the paper .
They also included the possibility of 3.6 megawatt offshore wind turbines , but restricted them to 50 nautical miles off the coast and to oceans depths less than 200 meters .
Using this criteria the researchers found that wind energy could not only supply all of the world ’s energy requirements , but it could provide over forty times the world ’s current electrical consumption and over five times the global use of total energy needs .
Turning to the world ’s two largest carbon emitters , China and the United States , the researchers found that wind power has the potential to easily supply both nations .
Windmill for pumping water in Kenya
Wind turbines for power generation in Maui .
“ Large - scale development of wind power in China could allow for close to an 18 - fold increase in electricity supply relative to consumption reported for 2005 , ” the researchers write .
“ The bulk of this wind power , 89 % , could be derived from onshore installations .
The potential for wind power in the U.S. is even greater , 23 times larger than current electricity consumption , the bulk of which , 84 % , could be supplied onshore . ”
Expanding their view to the top ten carbon emitters , the researchers found that Russia , Canada , and the United States ( in this order ) had the greatest capacity for wind power .
However , they note that much of the area available for wind power in Russia and Canada is far from any cities , making their construction costly .
In addition , the authors note that the public may oppose wind turbines in particular areas , especially remote , ecologically sensitive regions .
Still , they conclude that “ despite these limitations , it is clear that wind power could make a significant contribution to the demand for electricity ” in most high carbon emitting countries .
Xi Lu , Michael McElroy , and Juha Kiviluoma .
Global potential for wind generated electricity .
PNAS Early Online Edition for the week of June 22 , 2009 .
doi/10.1073/pnas.0904101106
Related articles
Wind energy jobs now exceed coal mining jobs
( 02/01/2009 )
Wind industry jobs now outnumber those in coal mining , reports CNNMoney .
How do wind turbines kill bats ?
( 08/25/2008 ) Numerous studies have shown that migratory bats are undergoing large fatalities due to wind turbines .
Far more bats die due to wind turbines than birds , though they generally receive less attention .
Now , researchers writing in Current Biology believe they know why bats are more susceptible to wind turbine fatalities .
Oceans hold vast potential for wind power
( 07/09/2008 ) The North Pacific , Tasmania , New Zealand , Tierra del Fuego in South America , and the mid-latitudes of the Atlantic and Pacific oceans are potential locations for wind power generation , according to new satellite data from NASA .
Whale biomimicry inspires better wind turbines
( 07/07/2008 )
By studying and mimicking the characteristics of the flippers , fins and tails of whales and dolphins , engineers have devised more a efficient way to generate wind power , reports a researcher presenting at the Society for Experimental Biology ’s Annual Meeting in Marseille , France .
Balloon technology could cut cost of solar energy 90 % by 2010
( 02/21/2007 )
With high energy prices and mounting concerns over human - induced climate change , there is intense interest in renewable energy , especially solar , which produces no pollution and is readily available in the form of sunlight .
In recent years , however , the solar energy market has been hampered by supply shortages of refined silicon , the critical resource needed for solar cell fabrication .
Further , because solar installations traditionally require a large surface area to capture as much sunlight as possible , solar arrays often take up real estate , occupying land used agricultural production and other purposes .
Without government subsidies , solar is not presently viable in many areas .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Ruth Madoff , the wife of epic swindler Bernard Madoff who reaped billions and a lavish family lifestyle , will be left with $ 2.5 million and have to look for a new home as she forfeits claim to some $ 80 million in assets .
The Upper East Side home of Bernard Madoff is seen at 133 East 64th St. in New York April 1 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Shannon Stapleton
Documents filed in Manhattan federal court on Friday night showed that Ruth Madoff , 68 , who has said nothing in public about her jailed husband ’s crimes in the six months since his arrest , had come to an agreement with U.S. prosecutors .
“ In compromise of claims Ruth Madoff would have pursued , the Office ( U.S. Attorney ) will not contest claim to a sum of money equal to $ 2,500,000 , which sum the Office shall cause to be tendered to Ruth Madoff promptly after she vacates the real property and surrenders all personal property , ” the court order said .
Ruth Madoff has not been charged with any crimes but she has been widely vilified by defrauded investors , shunned by people she once knew and pursued by the New York press .
Under the agreement she could still be liable to civil claims .
Her 71 - year - old husband will be sentenced in Manhattan federal court on Monday and is likely facing the rest of his life in prison after pleading guilty in March to criminal charges of running Wall Street ’s biggest investment scheme .
He has not named any accomplices and only his outside accountant has been charged , but few believe he acted alone .
In an agreement with U.S. prosecutors approved by U.S. District Judge Denny Chin on Friday night , Bernard Madoff forfeited all rights to assets totaling $ 170 billion , the amount prosecutors said flowed through the principal account of his decades - long fraud .
The properties to be sold include the couple ’s $ 7 million apartment and primary residence in Manhattan , an $ 11 million house in Palm Beach , Florida and a $ 3 million home in Montauk on New York ’s Long Island .
Other assets listed include expensive boats and cars .
In court papers filed earlier this year , Bernard Madoff ’s lawyer had asked the government to allow his wife to keep almost $ 70 million in assets that were in her name , arguing they were not connected to the fraud .
At the time , she held some $ 45 million in municipal bonds and $ 17 million in a bank account .
She also withdrew $ 15.5 million in the weeks before her husband ’s December 11 arrest .
The documents agreeing to the sales were signed by lawyers for the Madoffs .
The Florida property and several vessels have already been seized by the United States Marshals Service .
Proceeds from asset sales will be distributed to defrauded investors .
I t said that any discrimination on the grounds of sexual orientation was against Article 15 of the Constitution , which prohibits any discrimination on grounds of sex , religion , caste or place of birth .
' We hold that sexual orientation is a ground analogous to sex and that discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation is not permitted by Article 15 . '
The bench pulled up the government for its stand that judiciary should refrain from interfering on the issue as it pertains to legislative function coming under the ambit of Parliament .
' We are constrained to observe that the submission of Additional Solicitor General reflect rather poorly on his understanding of the constitutional scheme .
' The judiciary is constituted as the ultimate interpreter of the Constitution and to it is assigned the delicate task of determining what is the extent and scope of the power conferred on each branch of government , ' the bench said .
Strip Search Me : Fashion ’s High Price
When Baron Cohen and his fellow writers imagined setting up Brüno as a reporter at a European fashion week where he would meet his Waterloo , they explored the various events that he could attend in a time frame that would work for filming .
Not wanting to hedge their bets on one location , the filmmakers went to New York City , Paris and Milan and secured credentials for multiple seasons of those cities ’ respective fashion weeks .
The team made it to Milan Fashion Week in late September 2008 .
They had imagined a gag in which Baron Cohen as Brüno would , dressed in a suit made entirely out of Velcro , exit a car outside a fashion week arena and sneak his way onto the runway ; director Charles and the camera crew would capture it all .
Early attempts to get into other shows failed when security recognized and banned all the key players of the production .
The officers called the police and threw Camp Brüno out while they accused them of stealing clothing .
Brüno had been blackballed from Milan Fashion Week .
The Italian Chamber of Fashion issued a press release to designers and warned them of the possibility Baron Cohen would try to crash their events ; the chamber further advised access be denied to Brüno ’s production company .
With an image out on television stations and across the Internet , Baron Cohen was a man on the run .
For their part , the Milanese police declared he would be arrested on sight .
Everyone was looking to take down the fabulous talkshow host with the acerbic wit .
While any future attempts appeared fruitless , the team was not accustomed to throwing in the towel .
Their solution ?
Baron Cohen insisted that they change everyone ’s appearance and create an entirely new crew .
Director Charles shaved his beard and modified his hairstyle ; likewise , producer Mazer cut his hair , as did other members of the Milanese camera crew .
Everyone involved in the final stunt changed his or her outfits .
Complete with haute couture scarves and funky glasses , they became entirely new fashionistas to fit in with the others .
This would be the team ’s last chance to get the Velcro scene the writers had carefully constructed .
Standing between them and the stunt ?
Extra police and tighter security were brought in to comb the area for Brüno .
Seizing an opportunity 30 minutes before designer Agatha Ruiz De La Prada ’s fashion show began , the man who created Brüno knew what he had to do .
The team secured him the proper credentials , and he walked in …not as the host of Funkyzeit Mit Brüno , but in the guise of an Italian photographer in a fabulous new outfit .
Accompanied by his hair and makeup artist and co-writer Hines , Baron Cohen found a hidden nook backstage and transformed into Brüno .
He attempted to reduce his rapid breathing as , inches away , models and security walked by him in disguise .
The performer knew that if he were discovered that the team ’s last , best chance of locking this critical scene would be over .
Shortly after the show began , he seized his chance .
Bursting out of his hiding place and onto the backstage , Baron Cohen sprinted past stunned models and lunged by waiting security guards .
The producers were euphoric when Baron Cohen ( as Brüno in a Velcro suit covered with clothing ) fell onto the runway .
The crowd went wild in outrage while the cameras rolled .
Just as the team caught the footage they needed , security shut the lights off and dragged Baron Cohen off the stage .
Police cuffed the actor and hauled him to jail while his fellow crewmembers chased him down .
Though he claimed that he ’d made an honest mistake — he ’d simply put on a Velcro suit and walked in — Baron Cohen was strip searched and questioned by seven police officers .
Undaunted , the team moved on to their next adventure .
It was n’t days later when Baron Cohen threw out the question : “ Can we go to Paris next week for Fashion Week ? ”
The other producers ’ weary response : “ Fine … we ’re going to Paris ! ”
They shot for two days in October and landed prime seating at such coveted events as Stella McCartney ’s line unveiling and Jean - Charles de Castelbajac ’s show .
Brüno was clad in another outrageous outfit at the latter and , of course , making comments as the cameras rolled .
That was not the last that self - professed style makers would see of Brüno .
Though the sequence was n’t used in the final cut of the film , the production shot a scene at a Berlin nightclub where Brüno gave his farewell address to the fashion world .
In the middle of an all - night rave , Brüno snuck into the deejay booth , killed the music and proceeded to deliver a 10 - minute speech to the bewildered patrons .
According to the delusional fashionista , his audience was the recipient of “ the most important speech since Martin Luther King , Jr. ’s ‘ I Have a Dream . ’ ”
Needless to say , the hyperkinetic ravers did not take well to their music getting cut and began taunting the strange man giving the unsolicited lecture .
Bottles and cups full of beer began pouring down on Brüno .
As the nightclub ’s security muscled Baron Cohen from the club , the drunken ravers began lunging after the man who had interrupted their fun .
During the melee , an assailant hit the performer in the neck while others tore at his clothing .
Brüno was officially out .
Locked and Loaded : Hunting Brüno
When he began production of Da Ali G Show several years ago , Sacha Baron Cohen believed he would have to use all his improvisational skills to lead people down a path and get them to react for the camera .
Turns out he was quite wrong .
Much goading or antagonism was n’t necessary at all .
He found that once interviewees had a lens in front of them and were prompted with uncomfortable scenarios , they reacted incredibly honestly .
People do n’t say or do things on camera that they do n’t mean .
Likewise , director Charles and the producers were fascinated to realize the levels of anger that came when some subjects were confronted with Brüno ’s homosexuality .
A simple act such as a kiss between two men enraged certain people , and all their reactions were caught on camera .
Sometimes , they were infuriated to the point that they wanted to physically harm Baron Cohen .
This was most definitely the case when traveling with four hunters in Alabama .
The men agreed to take the foreign correspondent and his crew along with them as they went hunting , but they would n’t be giving up their guns at any point .
The crew attempted to get the men to relinquish their weapons during filming , but that was n’t as easy as it sounds .
In fact , when things got heated , guns got drawn .
Once the hunters realized Brüno was gay and believed he was hitting on one of them , they readied their rifles .
The production found itself in a standoff in the dark with armed men who were growing increasingly agitated by Baron Cohen ’s pranks .
The hunters were stewing by the time the team pulled up stakes , and their reactions were soon reaching a boiling point .
During one discussion , one of the men actually pulled a weapon on a crewmember and pointed it at him .
It was time to get out of Dodge .
Terrorists to Supremacists : Engaging Fundamentalists
While director Charles and the other producers learned to expect the unexpected when it came to the mind of Sacha Baron Cohen , one thing they were not prepared for was the actor ’s intentions for Brüno to help negotiate peace in the Middle East .
The production ’s general policy for interviews is that Baron Cohen allows subjects to keep going and give the most honest reaction they can to the scene he ’s created with his fellow writers .
With the suggestion that the company mingle with terrorists , however , the reaction among the normally brave key players was : “ How the hell are we going to be do this and not get everyone killed ? ”
They knew they could n’t safely go to Jordan , Israel or the West Bank to set these up .
Well , at least that ’s what they thought .
Before they embarked upon the plan , the team met with Middle East experts to learn what lines could never be crossed ; they engaged the help of key Palestinian , Jordanian and Israeli advisors to understand these unwritten codes of conduct .
Whether they followed them , however , was another story .
This region proved to be the most intimidating and life - threatening location in which the team would shoot .
After slyly getting the former Jordanian prime minister to take part in a 90 - minute interview at his home , Baron Cohen needed to meet with the country ’s royal family to smooth things over .
And if that — coupled with engaging members of Mossad and other fundamentalist politicians in the region — was n’t enough , Baron Cohen as Brüno headed to an area of the West Bank ( in Zone C ) that is not under Israeli control .
If anything went wrong , there would be no help from the Israeli army .
The filmmakers were truly on their own .
Surprisingly , the head of the Bethlehem unit of terrorist group al - Aqsa Martyrs ’ Brigade agreed to meet with this correspondent .
The leader of a sect known for suicide bombings sat with Brüno while an aide translated curious , highly offensive statements from the interviewer .
And while they spoke , they were surrounded by the terrorist ’s bodyguards … who grew more and more agitated by the barbs .
Once Baron Cohen and Charles arrived at the secret location in the West Bank , they were informed that Palestinian intelligence knew they were there and were keeping an eye on their every movement .
With no time to waste , the team got the footage they needed and quickly headed back into protected territory .
What peace process would be complete without getting feedback from the other side ?
One of the more rapid experiments for the production was Brüno ’s sashay through a Hasidic neighborhood in Israel .
Among this conservative community , men and women are forbidden from showing much skin ( including legs and arms ) .
In retaliation for his offenses , furious members of the crowd chased Baron Cohen after Brüno took a stroll in skin - tight short shorts and a Little Debbie - inspired bonnet .
They were out for blood .
A large , angry crowd of Hasidic Jews began to gather , intent upon harming Baron Cohen for his actions .
The performer was forced to hide in the store of a compassionate shopkeeper until a van could reach him and assist his getaway .
Only then could he hunch down on the floor of the getaway vehicle and avoid the growing potential riot situation .
Back in the U.S. , the production assumed it would be on safer ground .
Wrong .
They engaged with a domestic terrorist who was as dangerous as any they ’d encountered overseas .
While the scenes they shot did n’t make it into the final cut of Brüno , the team lensed at a prominent white supremacist ’s house .
The man who had spent a decade in prison for violent hate mongering did not take it very well when Brüno introduced him to his then - gay lover , Diesel .
The supremacist cocked his fist and went to attack Baron Cohen , who was able to avoid his punch and make it safely out of the house .
Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell : Breaching National Security
After Brüno decides he must become straight to find fame , he goes on a crosscountry journey to eradicate any hint of his homosexuality .
A logical stop to do such complicated work ?
The U.S. Army National Guard headquarters in Anniston , Alabama , about 65 miles from Birmingham .
Unfortunately , this unit of the National Guard was unable to guard its own base from one canny British infiltrator .
The production lucked into the scenario when they asked a contact at the National Guard if the production could imbed on - air talent for the day .
They explained that the purpose of the visit was to let their audience know what it was like to live and work as a candidate in officer training school .
While there , Baron Cohen , dressed in the latest style of fatigues ( read : Dolce & Gabbana ) , perplexed his fellow soldiers with his stunts .
It was not one of the finer days for national defense .
When the production ’s van came into the training ground , no one was asked for identification .
Oddly enough , it turned out to be the perfect storm of confidentiality for the team , as the younger recruits were not allowed to speak freely unless they received the go - ahead by a commanding officer .
If they had given permission earlier , the senior members would have known what several of the 20 - to 22 - year - old guys did :
The man behind Borat was in their midst .
Once the crew heard the buzz that some of the young men suspected Baron Cohen was there , they packed up the team and got them out ASAP .
As they were loading the performer into the van and driving rapidly off the base , the guards yelled out for them to stop and began to close the gate .
Ten seconds too late , as Brüno ( and the perfect amount of footage of his acting up during officer training school ) were out the door .
Had the team been moments later in their exit , the National Guard could have confiscated the tapes and they would n’t have seen the light of day .
When finally confronted with the question of “ Did you know who that trainee was ? , ” the recruits responded with a firm : “ Yes , sir !
Sacha Baron Cohen , sir ! ”
Dangerous Cage Fights : Unmasking Homophobia
Aside from interviewing the terrorist leader in the Middle East , one of the most dangerous stunts during the production was the cage fight in which Brüno realizes the love of his life is in the ring with him .
As they ensured during most scenes shot for the film , director Charles and the producers booked a back - up venue in case they did n’t get the right material on the first day of shooting .
If needed , they could intercut with footage and salvage the bit .
They knew that once word was out that the production was in town , it would spread like wildfire ; they had to stay one step ahead of the public .
Nowhere did the filming get more dangerous , however , than when interviewees and other subjects of the film saw the relationship develop between Brüno and his traveling companion , Lutz .
In early June 2008 , the production worked with a venue in Texarkana , Arkansas , to host a night of “ Blue Collar Brawlin ’ ” in which audiences would watch ultimate wrestling and get cheap beer .
Brüno , transformed from hard months of life on the American roads learning how to be heterosexual , would battle it out with anyone who dared to challenge the macho man he ’d become .
This set - up would involve pushing the strict local and state morality standards to the edge .
It was vitally important for the production to avoid breaking any statutes or codes , and they always made certain they were on the right side of the law .
As well , the team did n’t want to take chances with angry officers and made every effort to keep the police apprised and on their side .
It did n’t hurt , however , to know they were close enough to two other states if they had to escape Texarkana .
The first night , the venue in Southwestern Arkansas would initially only supply police to serve as the arena ’s security guards .
But once the production told the officers that the audience might get unnerved when — during the course of the evening ’s entertainment — two men kissed , the police reply was that they would n’t cover the event .
They would , however , come back if any audience members called in a complaint and problems arose .
And did they ever .
The cast and crew were now on their own .
As a producer , writer , creator and star of the comedy , Baron Cohen knew that it would be impossible for him to perform in character if he was concerned about his team ’s safety .
Moments after the first embrace between the two men , chairs were pulled up and tossed , a fighter who had been watching from the audience climbed into the cage and challenged Baron Cohen to a fight .
Director Charles got none of the footage he needed , but Baron Cohen and the crew escaped just in time .
The police did not return to the scene .
Overnight , they moved the entire operation several hours to the north to Fort Smith , Arkansas .
Once there , the Brüno team was contacted by the Fort Smith police about what happened in Texarkana ; these officers were reluctant to cover the event .
As police were the only security certified to man the convention center , the production thought they were out of luck .
Fortunately , the producers met with the chief of police and several other officers to secure the clearance needed .
They left the meeting armed with a list of city ordinances that were stricter than the Arkansas state rules .
Lessons learned , for the Fort Smith event , the team made sure there were no glass bottles that could be used as projectiles , and they wired chairs together so fans could n’t pick them up and lob them into the ring .
Seconds after the kiss , attendees became furious .
Soon after , one member of the crowd unwired a chair and threw it at Baron Cohen ’s head .
At that point , it was a near riot and the performers were rushed from the premises .
Audience members and other fighters alike were screaming epithets and surrounding the bus and the field team .
It ended after a stand off that lasted many hours , with 40 police officers from the Fort Smith division helping to rescue the cast and crew and quell the angry mob .
Every Hollywood movie comes with a stack of production notes , released to journalists and prospective film critics .
Normally these are a patent bore , full of canned interviews in which stars talk in vague glowing terms about the people they worked with and the movie itself .
though , is as always a little different .
Today Universal Pictures sent us production notes for .
Instead of the usual bunch of fluff , contained within them is an in depth , behind the scenes look of just what it takes to makehappens .
Contained withinproduction notes are just a sampling of the war stories of the movie ’s guerilla filmmaking crew .
This is the stuff journalists never get in interviews with Sacha Baron Cohen because , of course , he ’s always in character and as far as Bruno ’s concerned there was no movie , it ’s just his life .
But there is a movie and makingoften means risking life , limb , and prosecution to get the perfect shot while under attack by angry mobs of terrorists , chased by violent Hasidic Jews , aimed at by homophobic hunters , and stared at by airline travelers .
Below is Universal ’s detailed look at what Cohen and the crew went through , fromproduction notes .
Workers set up photovoltaic panels in the solar park project in Goettelborn , near the western German city of Saarbruecken June 21 , 2004 .
REUTERS / Vincent Kessler
FRANKFURT ( Reuters ) - A consortium of around 20 companies , including Munich Re , Siemens , RWE and Deutsche Bank , plans to build a 400 billion euro ( $ 555.3 billion ) solar power project in Africa , a Munich Re executive told a German newspaper on Tuesday .
The project , led by Munich Re , would use the energy from the Africa - based solar project to provide electricity to German households , Munich Re board member Torsten Jeworrek said in an interview with Sueddeutsche Zeitung .
The consortium members plan to meet in Munich on July 13 to set up the group formally , he added .
He decline to give details on members but said they include Siemens , RWE , Deutsche Bank , the German Economy Ministry and the Club of Roome -- a non-government group based in Zurich .
“ We want to start an initiative that would present concrete plans in two to three years time , ” Jeworrek said .
The e4 Graph Package [ Current Version : 1.0a11 ]
Visit these links for more information :
Injectable testosterone may be an effective form of male contraception , new research suggests .
Chinese researchers injected 1,045 healthy , fertile Chinese men aged 20 to 45 years with a 500 milligram formulation of testosterone undecanoate in tea seed oil once a month for 30 months .
BAD ECONOMY , GOOD SEX ?
Recession may spur baby boomlet FAMILY PLANNING :
Many can't afford more kids
All of the study participants had a normal medical history and had fathered at least one child within two years of beginning the study .
The female partners of the study participants , aged 18 and 38 years , also had normal reproductive function .
Results showed a contraceptive failure rate of 1.1 per 100 men in the 24 - month efficacy phase , resulting in pregnancy .
The researchers noted that no serious adverse events were reported in any of the men and , in all but two men , reproductive function returned to the normal fertile reference range .
" For couples who cannot , or prefer not to use only female - oriented contraception , options have been limited to vasectomy , condom and withdrawal , " said Dr. Yi-Qun Gu , of the National Research Institute for Family Planning in Beijing , China .
" Our study shows a male hormonal contraceptive regimen may be a potential , novel and workable alternative . "
The study will appear in the June issue of the Journal of Clinical Endocrinology & Metabolism .
This is the largest multi-center , male hormonal contraceptive efficacy clinical trial of an androgen preparation , Gu said in an Endocrine Society news release .
" Despite the present encouraging results , the long - term safety of this hormonal male contraceptive regimen requires more extensive testing with a focus on cardiovascular , prostate and behavioral safety , " Gu said .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The discovery of a remarkably well - preserved monumental temple in Turkey — thought to be constructed during the time of King Solomon in the 10th / 9th - centuries BC — sheds light on the so - called Dark Age .
Uncovered by the University of Toronto ’s Tayinat Archaeological Project ( TAP ) in the summer of 2008 , the discovery casts doubt upon the traditional view that the transition from the Late Bronze Age to the Early Iron Age was violent , sudden and culturally disruptive .
Ancient sources — such as the Homeric epics and the Hebrew Bible — depict an era of widespread famine , ethnic conflict and population movement , most famously including the migrations of the Sea Peoples ( or biblical Philistines ) and the Israelites .
This is thought to have precipitated a prolonged Dark Age marked by cultural decline and ethnic strife during the early centuries of the Iron Age .
But recent discoveries — including the Tayinat excavations — have revealed that some ruling dynasties survived the collapse of the great Bronze Age powers .
“ Our ongoing excavations have not only begun to uncover extensive remains from this Dark Age , but the emerging archaeological picture suggests that during this period Tayinat was the capital of a powerful kingdom , the ‘ Land of Palastin ’ , ” says Timothy Harrison , professor of Near Eastern Archaeology at the University of Toronto and the director of the project .
“ Intriguingly , the early Iron Age settlement at Tayinat shows evidence of strong cultural connections , if not the direct presence of foreign settlers , from the Aegean world , the traditional homeland of the Sea Peoples . ”
Excavations uncovered the temple ’s southern approach , which once faced a broad stone - paved courtyard , and consisted of a monumental staircase and porticoed - entrance , supported by a large , ornately carved basalt column base .
In addition , fragments of monumental stelae — stone slabs created for religious or other commemorative purposes — carved in Luwian ( an extinct language once spoken in what is now Turkey ) hieroglyphic script , were found .
They are thought to have once stood on stone platforms in the courtyard .
“ The building ’s central room was burned in an intense fire .
It was filled with heavily charred brick and wood , as well as a substantial quantity of bronze metal , including riveted pieces and carved ivory fragments — clearly the remains of furniture or wall fixings .
Fragments of gold and silver foil were also found along with the carved eye inlay from a human figure , ” added Harrison .
The temple ’s inner sanctuary — also know as its ‘ holy of holies ’ — will be the focus of the 2009 field season which begins on July 1 .
In the hectic , congested environment that is New York City , numerous motor vehicle accidents occur daily , with some causing injuries that will change a person 's life forever .
Putting Our Experience To Work For You
If you have been seriously harmed in a motor vehicle accident due to another 's negligence , it is important that your attorney knows how to build a case that accounts for both your present and future needs .
Since 1965 , the motor vehicle accident lawyers of Arye , Lustig & Sassower , P.C. , have successfully built such cases .
Seriously injured in a motor vehicle accident ?
Call us at : 212.732.4992 or 800-574-4LAW .
Free consultations .
Fighting For Our Clients For More Than 50 Years
Our dedicated team of attorneys and staff is able to represent people in all types of motor vehicle accidents , including :
Our motor vehicle accident lawyers also represent families who have lost loved ones in fatal vehicle accidents and are wondering if filing a wrongful death claim will help them get justice .
Giving You Our Full Attention , So That You 'll Get All You Deserve
In every case we accept , we do so with the understanding that we may have to prove your case before a judge and jury .
As a result , our team will fully investigate your case to prove how your accident happened and why the other party is at fault for your injuries .
Proving fault is only one part of the equation , however .
We will work with your doctors to show just how your injuries have changed your life for the worse .
When we have established your medical costs , loss of income and reduced earning capacity , and other damages , we will seek full compensation for these losses from those responsible .
If the opposition will not treat you fairly , we will not hesitate to bring your case before a jury .
Pursue Fair Compensation For Your Accident Injuries
Call us locally at 212.732.4992 , call us toll free at 800- 574-4LAW
or complete our online contact form to schedule your free initial consultation with our Manhattan law firm .
Our attorneys take all personal injury cases on a contingency basis , which means you will owe no legal fees unless we obtain compensation for you .
Here ’s a young regal horned lizard ( Phrynosoma solare ) just after squirting me , my phone , and my camera with blood from its eyes .
They do this to scare off mamilian predators , which I guess means me .
I must admit it worked , as unlike the a bite from the little guy , it got me to put him down to wipe the stuff off my glasses .
If coyotes wore glasses , this defense would be air - tight .
Phrynosoma solare
Tags : blood , defensive behavior , lizards , phronosoma solare , regal horned lizard
Pupils must wear goggles when they handle Blu - Tack , and walk , not run in the playground , under extreme health and safety rules exposed by teachers today .
A poll of 585 teachers found almost half – 44.3 % – believe health and safety regulations now restrict pupils ' education .
Some 46.5 % said overzealous rules were inhibiting children 's personal growth .
Teachers told the pollsters , who conducted the survey for Teachers TV , that they had been asked to read five pages of guidance on the dangers of glue , and had been advised not to allow classroom windows to be opened more than six inches in case pupils fell out of them .
Teachers gave examples of schools cancelling PE lessons because of wet grass , forcing 15 - and 16 - year - old pupils who could swim to use arm bands in the sea , and forbidding primary school pupils from wearing plastic hair bands in case they bumped into a classmate .
Children at one school were told to wear goggles before using Blu - Tack to stop them rubbing it into their eyes .
More than 10 % of the teachers polled thought accidents at schools had risen in the last five years .
More than 40 % said they were frightened of being on their own with a pupil in case they were falsely accused of inappropriate behaviour .
More than half said they'd had to look into claims that a child was being abused .
Judith Hackitt , chair of the Health and Safety Executive , described the health and safety examples as " frankly ridiculous " .
" Health and safety is blamed for a lot of things not going ahead , but they 're often about something else , " she said , pointing to cost , the fear of legal action and time - consuming preparation .
" Children can not be wrapped in cotton wool , " Hackitt said .
" Risk is part of growing up and our children need to learn how to manage risks in the real world . "
A spokeswoman from the Department for Children , Schools and Families said : " We urge schools to take a common - sense approach to keeping safe .
Health and safety should not be a major burden and it should n't stop pupils from learning and playing .
A small amount of risk is part and parcel of growing up and we do not subscribe to a cotton - wool culture of a sanitised childhood . "
As a deluge of rain swept through New York on Wednesday , the weather was the last thing on people 's minds at a small store in Yonkers , where Niamh and Donal Finnan , a couple originally from County Kildare , proudly accepted a $ 41 M check from the New York State Lottery .
The Finnans are the biggest - ever Lottery winners in Westchester , and one of the biggest individual winners in the state 's Lotto history ..
The Finnans , who told IrishCentral they were “ still trying to come to terms with it all , ” won the $ 41 M million with a " Quick Pick " ticket on May 16 , which Donal purchased at a neighborhood store .
“ Donal always does the Lotto , ” says Niamh .
“ But never did we think we would win this big .
“ My husband ’s the one who spent $ 10 on a ticket , ” explained Niamh , who settled in Yonkers 25 years ago .
He picked the numbers himself for the first eight games and , fortunately for us , he also asked for two sets of Quick Pick numbers to make an even 10 .
None of his numbers matched , but the very first set of Quick Pick numbers did . ”
Niamh was at home with her mother in Kildare when Donal called her with the news .
“ I was in Ireland visiting family when Donal called with the news .
I made him repeat it to my mother to make sure he was telling the truth .
I knew by the tone of his voice it was true , ” she said with a smile .
After making the call to his wife , Donal did what any new multimillionaire would do :
He mowed the lawn .
Niamh arrived back in New York the following day , but there was no limousine waiting and she had to make her own way home .
“ Donal was at work , so he could n’t pick me up , ” she laughs .
When the couple , who have been married five years , finally reunited later that evening , Donal handed his wife the ticket and said it was hers to keep .
Both Finnans say they plan to stay in Yonkers and continue working , she as a dental hygienist and he as a foreman for the New York City - based Broadway Concrete Co. .
“ This is just the icing on the cake , ” she said .
“ A chance to fix up the house , add a new bathroom ; get a new garden shed .
We ’ll take care of family .
We have no real plans set in stone . ”
The Finnans claimed their $ 41 M prize on June 15 at the Lottery center in Fishkill , after a full month safeguarding the winning ticket .
“ We wanted to take care of our affairs and get proper advice , ” she said .
“ The ticket was in the bank the whole time . ”
The happy couple will receive their prize money in one lump - sum payment totaling $ 23,269,397 .
After taxes , they 'll take home $ 15,156,057 .
Bernard Looney wants to revive the British oil major ’s old slogan and move “ Beyond Petroleum ” .
But not all at once
The second episode of SyFy's new series was better than the last though it certainly could have been improved .
I think the producers are still trying to flesh out the concept of the show , but from the improvement , I 'm sure it will get better .
The artifact Myka and Pete find this episode is a recording of something that messes with people 's brains .
Robbers use it to hit 3 separate Chicago banks without any resistance .
Our team shows up at the bank where an FBI agent played by Tricia Helfer arrives .
She seems to know a lot about them and they are not welcomed .
Myka sees a man on the phone in the bank while the robbery occured and Artie gets a recording of it .
They play it back to a woman in the bank and she goes into a daze .
Pete recognizes the music playing and they find the old guy that made it .
It turns out that he is useless to rob banks .
He also owns no more records having sold it .
Pete and Myka visit the guy who owns records and apparently the old guy had some unreleased New Age crap that he made with a sound engineer .
Tricia
Helfer is staking out a bank and Pete decides to go with her ( who would n't ? ) .
Myka stays behind and then realizes that maybe it's the acoustics of the banks along with the binaural beats recording to cause the effect .
She rushes over to one of the banks with the features and finds some people in black running off .
She takes chase and for some reason does not draw her gun .
Instead she tackles and tries to fight them , only capturing one ( smart move ) .
They are escorting the sound engineer that they captured when Pete gets one of those " vibes . "
He tells Myka to put in the earplugs just as the robbery crew busts in an incapacitates everyone other than Myka who has one earplug in .
She manages to slip a cellphone in one of the robbers which they use to track .
They end up at the old guy 's house and find all his records .
Apparently , the receptionist of the guy would owned the records was also the old guy 's daughter and she along with the old guy 's caretaker had stolen the money to buy the records .
Pete and Myka take the recording and just leave , not arresting anyone ( really ? ) .
The other storyline will be ongoing and will probably last for a few more episodes .
Someone tries to hack into Warehouse 13 , and Artie tracks the intrusion to Myka and Pete 's Secret Service boss Dickinson .
Artie goes to his office where he freezes him with a cool camera and uses his computer .
Artie unfreezes Dickinson and they start cooperating a little , resulting in the discovery that the hack did not originate from Dickinson 's computer .
From what I 've seen of promos , someone will break into the warehouse .
There is backstory of Myka revealed .
Her father is having a retirement party and she does n't want to be there because he was a total douchebag .
After seeing seeing what the old artist guy 's daughter did for him , she wants to see him ( wow , that was fast ) .
We also find out that the partner she was having an affair with was married , but separated ( cliche ? ) .
I thought the plot was a little too simple , and Tricia Helfer was n't used enough , but overall the episode was good , and there were some funny moments .
Score : 8.35/10
Next Episode :
No promos on youtube , but the description says that the will be energy pulses at the warehouse and a mind - altering artifact .
LONDON ( MarketWatch ) -- Bernie Madoff should have tried government work .
The $ 50 billion that the disgraced money manager -- who pled guilty to federal charges in March and who 's currently scheduled to be sentenced around the end of June -- stole from his clients over a couple of decades could disappear in a matter of weeks as the U.S. government ramps up its " stimulus " spending programs
That 's one way of thinking about the projection made by Deloitte Financial Services Advisory accounting types that as much as $ 1 in $ 10 of federal spending will end up compromised in some way or other by thieves , grafters and scam artists .
See related story .
True , $ 50 billion would n't even cover the bailout of a failed automaker , mortgage lender or insurance company these days .
Still , it does seem a pity not to put it to a more productive use than lining the pockets of crooked contractors , Internet scammers and political cronies .
Americans who have n't even been born yet will be paying interest on that $ 50 billion and refinancing it for generations to come .
And it 's not like there have n't been warnings .
From the moment the stimulus package passed , the head of the FBI began shouting about the prospect of a white - collar crime wave .
Director Robert Mueller even repeated his concerns last week in a not - so - subtle plea for more staff to battle the bad people .
Of course , from the Obama administration 's point of view , it seems almost that it hardly matters whether the stimulus money is spent legally or not , or who spends it , just as long as somebody buys something somewhere .
But there is a silver lining to the notion of $ 50 billion going to waste because of a bill that nobody in Congress bothered to read .
Remember the toy arrow subsidy ?
After all , there is one thing the government can definitively do better and more efficiently than the private sector : Lose taxpayers ' money .
-- Tom Bemis , assistant managing editor
Critical Review : A Journal of Politics and Society is a political science journal primarily dedicated to advancing political theory with an epistemological bent .
A secondary focus of the journal is on empirical work that is epistemologically informed .
Critical Review is the only journal in which the ideational determinants of political behavior are investigated empirically as well as being assessed for their normative implications .
Thus , while normative political theorists are the main contributors to Critical Review , we also publish scholarship on the realities of public opinion , the media , technocratic decision making , ideological reasoning , and other empirical phenomena .
The following symposia and debates convey the journal ’s epistemological research agenda :
Recurrent questions discussed in Critical Review include :
How can political actors know what they need to know ?
What are the sources of political actors ’ beliefs ?
Are these sources reliable ?
Here are some examples drawn from recent issues of the journal :
Books
The Critical Review Foundation has also published books spun off from Critical Review or congruent with political epistemology :
What People Are Saying about Critical Review
" Editing is a lost art .
I 'm very appreciative of the care Critical Review 's staff brings to the practice .
It is rare to find a journal that engages so deeply and constructively with its authors . "
JanaLee Cherneski , Bard College
" The articles in Critical Review ask big questions about democracy and capitalism that interest just about everyone .
The journal serves a vital role in reaching across disciplines and helping to counter the excessive specialization of the modern academic world . "
Mark A. Smith , University of Washington
" Critical Review has articles of unusual range and richness .
It is a must for idea - hungry political scientists . "
David Mayhew , Yale University
" An excellent publication . "
Anthony Giddens , London School of Economics
" Interesting and controversial . "
Robert E. Lane , Yale University
" I read Critical Review regularly .
I find it one of the more interesting journals these days because it is scholarly , quirky , and unpredictable . "
Daniel Bell , American Academy of Arts and Sciences
" Critical Review is the best - edited journal in political science , bar none . "
Martin Shefter , Cornell University
Critical Review
Mr Beck , of Urmston , who has an autism spectrum disorder , was told he had to wear the builder 's - style hat to distinguish himself from the rest of the employees and to point him out to visitors to the club .
Parrot 1.2.0 " Bird Brain " released !
From : Mark Glines
Date : May 20 , 2009 14:39
Subject : Parrot 1.2.0 " Bird Brain " released !
Message ID : 4A145D53.4020107@glines.org
May 20 , 2009 14:39 Parrot 1.2.0 " Bird Brain " released !
On behalf of the Parrot team , I 'm proud to announce Parrot 1.2.0 " Bird Brain . "
Parrot ( http://parrot.org/) is a virtual machine aimed at running all dynamic languages .
Parrot 1.2.0 is available on Parrot 's FTP site , or follow the download instructions at http://parrot.org/download.
For those who would like to develop on Parrot , or help develop Parrot itself , we recommend using Subversion on the source code repository to get the latest and best Parrot code .
Parrot 1.2.0 News : - Core +
Fixes for pir classes inheriting from core pmcs .
+
Cleaned up headers and reorganized some sources into subsystem directories .
+
Clean up PMCs so libparrot .
so exports far fewer vtable / method symbols .
+ Clean up the GC API . +
Several unicode identifier improvements in IMCC .
- Deprecations + Protoobject stringification is gone .
- Documentation +
Rewrite several core documents . +
Many reworks , improvements & additions to the Parrot Book . +
Installation PDD is launched out of draft .
- Tools +
Fixes for running the language shell generator outside the parrot tree .
+
Several fixes for developing and building HLLs from an installed parrot .
+ Configure.pl now has a - - no - line - directives option to ease source level debugging .
- Miscellaneous +
Portability updates for macports , netbsd , mingw32 , hpux .
+
Several ( build time , runtime ) performance improvements . +
Lots of updates to examples and tests .
+
Various bugfixes , code cleanups , and coding standard fixes .
Many thanks to all our contributors for making this possible , and our sponsors for supporting this project .
Our next scheduled release is 16 June 2009 .
Enjoy !
Parrot 1.2.0 " Bird Brain " released ! by Mark Glines
Christian Gerhartsreiter 's defence says he suffers from mental illness A man who posed as a descendant of oil tycoon John D Rockefeller threatened to take sole custody of his daughter long before kidnapping her , a court heard .
Christian Gerhartsreiter - who called himself Clark Rockefeller - is accused of abducting seven - year - old Reigh Boss .
His UK - based ex-wife , Sandra Boss , told a Boston court he made the threats when she said she was considering divorce .
Mr Gerhartsreiter 's lawyers claim he suffers from delusions and did not know it was wrong to snatch the child .
They say he is mentally ill and therefore not criminally responsible .
US Prosecutors say the German - born defendant is a conman who has changed his identities repeatedly since moving to the US in 1978 .
They say the 48 year old mixed for years in American high society and fooled countless people with made - up stories about his background .
When I told him that I was strongly considering getting divorced , [ he ] started screaming at me
Sandra Boss Ms Boss said she had a " blind spot " to his lies but that the couple eventually broke up after 12 years of marriage in 2007 .
Mr Gerhartsreiter is accused of snatching their daughter , who now lives in London , during a supervised visit to Boston last year .
The pair were found in Baltimore a week later after a police manhunt .
Under cross-examination , Ms Boss - a senior partner in the London office of the management consulting firm McKinsey & Co - portrayed Mr Gerhartsreiter as a controlling husband .
He refused to give her access to their bank accounts and at times did not give her enough food to eat , she claimed .
She added that she attempted to leave him on a number of occasions , only for him to become angry .
" The defendant on one occasion , when I told him that I was strongly considering getting divorced , started screaming at me in front of Reigh and told me that if I did , he would manage to get full custody of her , " she said .
When pressed about how an intelligent person could be so willing to believe Gerhartsreiter 's lies , Ms Boss said it was possible for someone to be " really brilliant " in one area of life but " really stupid " in another .
She told the court she was aware her then husband told lies to other people to make himself seem more important .
However , she said she did not know the extent of his deception until she hired a private investigator during the couple 's divorce .
The trial continues .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
According to data shared by the makers of popular online link - sharing widgets AddToAny , Facebook is the most popular tool for sharing links on the internet .
We 're a little dubious , and we 're wondering how you do your sharing .
Advertisement
The AddToAny results are far from perfect , since it can't track any link sharing that goes on outside its widget , and I can say for a fact that despite sharing plenty of links with friends via email , I 've never once done so through a web site 's sharing widget .
So to satisfy our curiosity , we 're wondering how our readers primarily share links with friends , family , or the world at large .
Advertisement
I included the most popular results from the AddToAny results , consolidated some to a basic " IM " entry , and dropped the marginal options .
Give us more specifics on your sharing habits — like if you regularly share via more than one method — in the comments .
Sharing on Facebook Now More Popular than Sharing by Email [ Mashable ]
Concurrency is a problem that faces all developers as we move to the age of ManyCore processor architectures .
Managing state is an important aspect of programming generally and for parallel programming especially .
The great Brian Beckman demonstrates three ways of labeling a binary tree with unique integer node numbers : ( 1 ) by hand , ( 2 ) non-monadically , but functionally , by threading an updating counter state variable through function arguments , and ( 3 ) monadically , by using a partially generalized state - monad implementation to handle the threading via composition .
Of course during this lesson from one of the masters of mathematical programming , we wind through various conversational contexts , but always stay true to the default topic in a stateful monadic way ( watch / listen to this piece to understand what this actually means This is another great conversation with astrophysicist and programming master Brian Beckman .
Brian is one of the true human treasures of Microsoft .
If you do n't get mondas , this is a great primer .
Even if you do n't care about monadic data types , this is worth your time , especially if you write code for a living .
This is part 2 of a 2 part series .
Below , you will find several exercises for generalizing the constructions further .
Here are the source files you need for playing with these algorithms in visual studio or your favorite Haskell environment .
Brian will monitor this thread so start your coding engines !!: generalize over the type of the state , from intto , say , so that the SM type can handle any kind ofstate object .
Start with Scp --> Scp , from" label - content pair " to " state - content pair " .
Exercise 2 : go from labeling a tree to doing a constrained
container computation , as in WPF .
Give everything a
bounding box , and size subtrees to fit inside their
parents , recursively .
Exercise 3 : promote @return and @bind into an abstract
class " M " and make " SM " a subclass of that .
Exercise 4 ( HARD ) : go from binary tree to n-ary tree .
Exercise 5 : Abstract from n-ary tree to IEnumerable ; do
everything in LINQ !
( Hint : SelectMany ) .
Exercise 6 : Go look up monadic parser combinators and
implement an elegant parser library on top of your new
state monad in LINQ .
Exercise 7 : Verify the Monad laws , either abstractly
( pencil and paper ) , or mechnically , via a program , for the
state monad .
Exercise 8 : Design an interface for the operators @return
and @bind and rewrite the state monad so that it implements
this interface .
See if you can enforce the monad laws
( associativity of @bind , left identity of @return , right
identity of @return ) in the interface implementation .
Exercise 9 : Look up the List Monad and implement it so that it implements the same interface .
Exercise 10 : deconstruct this entire example by using
destructive updates ( assignment ) in a discipline way that
treats the entire CLR and heap memory as an " ambient
monad . "
Identify the @return and @bind operators in this
monad , implement them explicitly both as virtual methods
and as interface methods .
BERLIN ( Reuters ) - A new , superheavy chemical element numbered 112 will soon be officially included in the periodic table , German researchers said .
The periodic table in an undated image .
A new , superheavy chemical element numbered 112 will soon be officially included in the periodic table , German researchers said .
REUTERS /NIST / Handout
A team in the southwest German city of Darmstadt first produced 112 in 1996 by firing charged zinc atoms through a 120 - meter - long particle accelerator to hit a lead target .
“ The new element is approximately 277 times heavier than hydrogen , making it the heaviest element in the periodic table , ” the scientists at the GSI Helmholtz Center for Heavy Ion Research said in a statement late on Wednesday .
The zinc and lead nuclei were fused to form the nucleus of the new element , also known as Ununbium , Latin for 112 .
The International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry ( IUPAC ) , confirmed the discovery of 112 by the team led by Sigurd Hofmann at the Helmholtz Center .
IUPAC has asked for an official name for the element to be submitted .
John Jost , executive director of IUPAC in North Carolina , told Reuters that creating new elements helped researchers to understand how nuclear power plants and atomic bombs function .
The atomic number 112 refers to the sum of the atomic numbers of zinc , which has 30 , and lead , which has 82 .
Atomic numbers denote how many protons are found in the atom ’s nucleus .
Scientists at the Helmholtz Center have discovered six chemical elements , numbered 107 - 112 , since 1981 .
The remaining five elements have already been recognized and named .
In 1925 , scientists discovered the last naturally occurring element on the periodic table .
Since then researchers have sought to create new , heavier elements .
Proving the existence of atoms with such a high mass , the so - called superheavy elements , is a complex procedure because they exist for only tiny fractions of a second and then decay radioactively into other elements .
After 8 years of the Bush - Cheney nightmare during which we saw the wanton destruction of Afghanistan and Iraq , the cynical negation of centuries of Law designed to protect the most basic human rights and a foreign policy worthy of Genghis Khan , there came along the “ Great Black Hope ” in the persona of Barack Obama .
The collective world consciousness turned uncritically to what was presented as a new era for peace , change and trust in Government .
Never before had one witnessed such an accomplished use of manipulation , propaganda , deceptive imagery and public relations wizardry to sell the public a man who was to take the baton from Bush and run with it in the race to destroy the economy , the rights of the people and help birth a nation totally controlled by those who have always lurked in the shadows of power .
“ Change ” was promised and was delivered in the form of a deepening of the already Dystopic nightmare .
Promises were broken with no apology , the same creative legalese that infested the Bush administration , in the form of John Yoo and Alberto Gonzalez , was again used to deny justice to the inmates of Guantanamo , It was used to justify more torture , more destruction of the Constitution and more illegal surveillance of U.S. citizens .
The President that extended the hand of peace to the Muslim world has murdered hundreds of Pakistani men , women and children .
The President who promised accountability in Government has filled his staff with lobbyists , banksters and warmongers .
His Attorney General refuses to prosecute some of the worst war crimes committed in modern history and continues to give legal cover to criminals who tortured with impunity .
The country has been further bankrupted by the continuing theft of taxpayer money as the Wall St. campaign donors receive their quid pro quo .
Obama has stood by idly as Bernancke states that the private Federal Reserve is not answerable to either Congress or the American public .
The U.S. taxpayer is now on the hook for $ 14.3 Trillion and rising .
Foreclosures and unemployment are mounting with no meaningful efforts by the administration to alleviate the symptoms , never mind the cause .
The new image of America is one of tent cities , lengthening soup kitchen lines , sherrifs evicting countless thousands of young and old from their homes , once prosperous towns descending in to an eerie stillness and an increasingly disillusioned populace .
The “ War on terrorism ” has mutated in to a control grid for an increasingly aware population .
The foundation for this had already been put in place by Bush with the Patriot Act , Patriot Act 2 , Military commissions act and numerous executive orders that strangled what was left of Posse Comitatus and the Constitution .
Homeland Security now defines “ Terrorists ” as those who believe in the Constitution , the first , second and fourth amendments .
Returning veterans are being targeted for a denial of their second amendment rights .
A “ Terrorist Watchlist ” of more than a million and rapidly growing , is being used as the basis for denying citizens the rights to travel and to work .
Obama is now mulling over the idea of indefinite detention without trial for U.S. citizens .
This , from a teacher of the Constitution !
Bills are in congress to criminalize free speech on the Internet via the Cyberbullying Act which will make hurting somebody 's feelings a felony .
Just as the Patriot Act morphed in to a mechanism to subdue the U.S. population , the Cyberbullying Act will be subverted to criminalize political free speech and any criticism of the Government .
“ Cyberterrorism ” is being used as a pretext to bring government regulation to the the last stronghold of unbiased information .
Washington has realized that it 's getting harder to get away with their Fascist agenda and are moving to control the field .
The populace are beginning to realize just what kind of “ Change ” Obama intended to deliver .
There has been growing resistance on a state level with several invoking their 9th and 10th Amendment rights in a valiant attempt to stop the Federal Vampire from draining the last drops of blood , the last vestiges of Freedom and Hope .
This is the Dystopic Nightmare that America finds itself in today and each day brings new assaults on Freedom and Sanity .
The framework for total control of the citizenry , the economy and the media is being built upon in a relentless aggrandization of Govermental power .
Obama sits atop his new Empire still smiling that sickeningly disingenuous smile surrounded by his seasoned courtiers who have worked for decades to hijack America and steer it towards this New World Order .
This script was featured on Cracked.com .
To read it there , follow this link .
FADE IN :
INT .
SKYNET BASE
CHRISTIAN BALE and a team of ROBOT FODDER break into a SKYNET military base which , despite the fact that it is made for machines instead of humans , is designed to make it easy for humans to move around .
CHRISTIAN BALE
It looks like Skynet is taking human prisoners .
Something 's different .
This is n't the future my mother warned me about .
That future definitely had lasers , I 'm sure of it .
That future would have been totally sweet .
MICHAEL IRONSIDE
Bale !
You 're a loose cannon !
You 've destroyed over half the city !
I 've got the mayor breathing down my neck !
CHRISTIAN leaves the BASE only to discover a bunch of TERMINATORS taking more humans prisoner .
CHRISTIAN BALE
I must chase after them !
If only there were an easily damageable vehicle that , when damaged , would maximize my chance of fatality !
Oh , a helicopter , perfect !
CHRISTIAN grabs a HELICOPTER , which results in a CRASH that somehow leaves him unscathed .
A CRIPPLED TERMINATOR chases him , but it is killed by BULLETS .
Plain old , regular BULLETS .
The kind that could n't kill TERMINATORS in the other movies .
EXT .
POST - APOCALYPTIC WASTELAND
SAM WORTHINGTON wanders into the ruins of a city .
He is attacked by a TERMINATOR THAT LOOKS LIKE DOLPH LUNDGREN but rescued by ANTON YELCHIN .
ANTON YELCHIN
Come with me if you want to live .
SAM WORTHINGTON
Actually I 've read the rest of the script for this movie , I 'll just stay here , thanks .
ANTON drops some TRASH on the TERMINATOR and kills it .
SAM WORTHINGTON
What the hell was that thing ?
ANTON YELCHIN
Where have you been ?
That was a Terminator !
SAM WORTHINGTON
No it was n't .
Terminators are scary .
That thing was wearing a headband .
ANTON YELCHIN
So who are you anyway ?
SAM WORTHINGTON
I 'm a prisoner that was executed in 2004 .
I donated my body to science because Helena Bonham Carter asked me to and she was bald with perfectly plucked eyebrows , the international moviemaking symbol for someone with cancer .
ANTON YELCHIN
Nothing suspicious about that , let 's become reluctant partners !
INT .
RESISTANCE BASE
CHRISTIAN BALE gets a lecture from MICHAEL IRONSIDE while IVAN G'VERA translates .
MICHAEL IRONSIDE
You do n't play by the rules , Bale !
You think you 're above the law !
I 'm taking you off the case !
IVAN G'VERA
Mr. Ironside wants you to be aware that you and your teenage father have both been targeted by Skynet .
CHRISTIAN BALE
My father ?
I can't let that happen , it would create a time paradox that would n't really matter since this whole franchise just seems to make up the rules of time travel whenever it wants !
MICHAEL IRONSIDE
Turn in your gun and badge !
You 're suspended until further notice !
IVAN G'VERA
Mr. Ironside also wants you to know that his team has figured out how to turn the machines off using an audio clip .
CHRISTIAN BALE
Does it secretly mimic the remote shutdown code ?
IVAN G'VERA
Nah , it 's just a track off Eminem 's new album .
When the machines hear it , they kill themselves .
I 'm pretty sure he rhymes " rubbers " with " rubbers " .
EXT .
POST - APOCALYPTIC WASTELAND
SAM and ANTON drive an amazingly - still - functioning car around a bit until they attract the attention of MEGATRON .
An incredibly LOUD action sequence follows with a bunch of EXPLOSIONS .
ANTON YELCHIN
Wow , it 's all of the action of Terminator 2 , without the reason to give a shit !
DIRECTOR MCG
Dude , what do you expect from me ?
I only have one name .
And it lacks vowels .
MEGATRON captures them along with a bunch of other people .
SAM escapes and runs into MOON BLOODGOOD , whose name is MOON BLOODGOOD .
MOON BLOODGOOD
Who are you ?
And why is McG introducing a bunch of new characters nobody cares about ?
SAM WORTHINGTON
I do n't remember anything .
Surely that 's not alarming to someone who ought to be living in a constant state of paranoia .
MOON BLOODGOOD
I see .
Well let 's set up camp for the night .
We can start a large fire to attract as many invincible murderous robots as possible .
Tomorrow I 'll take you to see Christian Bale .
SAM WORTHINGTON
He 's not going to do that stupid Batman voice is he ?
MOON BLOODGOOD
Hilariously enough , he is !
MOON and SAM make their way to the SUPER SECRET RESISTANCE HIDEOUT , SOLD SEPARATELY .
CHRISTIAN BALE
Sam Worthington is a machine !
Strap him up , no ultra - powerful cyborg can possibly break out of a couple chains .
SAM WORTHINGTON
I 'm a cyborg ?
How shocking to absolutely nobody since the trailer showed it !
CHRISTIAN BALE
You 're a different kind of model , I 've never seen a Terminator with human organs before .
SAM WORTHINGTON
Skin is an organ , numbnuts .
CHRISTIAN BALE
... you and me are done professionally , man .
CHRISTIAN sulks around other parts of the base and listens to the tapes his MOTHER made for him , which have been needlessly rerecorded with slightly different lines .
MOON BLOODGOOD
I think you should let Sam go .
When he and I were alone , he decided not to rape me , and " does n't rape people " is pretty much the only moral barometer in action movies .
CHRISTIAN BALE
No .
How am I supposed to become the leader of the human resistance if I go around listening to people with more information than me ?
MOON decides to free SAM .
There is a dark but extremely loud chase sequence and eventually CHRISTIAN confronts SAM .
SAM WORTHINGTON
Listen , I need to go rescue Anton Yelchin , he has to be on the Star Trek set in half an hour .
CHRISTIAN BALE
He eventually grows up to become my father !
I will allow you to attempt to rescue him so he can have sexual intercourse with my mother .
SAM goes to the MACHINE CITY where he is captured by machines .
CHRISTIAN BALE says goodbye to his wife , BRYCE DALLAS HOWARD .
CHRISTIAN BALE
Alright , let me just stick this flash drive into a killer motorcycle and take it over .
It 's a good thing the Terminators are backwards compatible with USB 2.0 .
BRYCE DALLAS HOWARD
Please tell me that this is n't how the movie has decided to portray all of the " you re-programmed me " stuff from the other movies .
CHRISTIAN BALE
Goodbye , wife who is not Claire Danes .
I 'm heading into the machine headquarters to rescue the guy who I later send back in time so that he can continue to be my father and I can continue to exist .
Yeah , I just said that .
Anyway , I'LL BE BACK .
BRYCE DALLAS HOWARD
Ugh , this whole movie is n't just going to be a series of winks and nods to the audience members that saw the other movies , is it ?
Because that 's what Terminator 3 was , and it sucked big metal cyborg balls .
CHRISTIAN BALE
No , that was the last in - joke .
The rest of the movie is painfully serious .
BRYCE DALLAS HOWARD
Okay good .
CHRISTIAN BALE
Just as soon as I listen to the same Guns N' Roses album that I listened to in the second movie , a copy of which somehow survived the nuclear holocaust .
BRYCE DALLAS HOWARD
At least it is n't Chinese Democracy .
CHRISTIAN drives to MACHINELAND .
Meanwhile , SAM awakes in a room with a BIG MONITOR ( very useful for machines ) with HELENA BONHAM CARTER'S FACE on it .
HELENA BONHAM CARTER
Hello Sam .
Thank you .
You have lured Christian Bale here .
Our plan all along was to release you , at which point you could earn his trust and tell him that his teenage father has been captured , causing him to attempt a rescue that we could anticipate and prevent !
SAM WORTHINGTON
Why not just kill his teenage father ?
HELENA BONHAM CARTER
...
SAM WORTHINGTON
Did you seriously not think of this ?
HELENA BONHAM CARTER
FFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
CHRISTIAN BALE arrives and is attacked by CGI ARNOLD SCHWARZENEGGER , HOLY SHIT !
ARNOLD throws CHRISTIAN around a lot rather than snapping his neck , just to be NICE .
CHRISTIAN BALE
Whoa , I 'm getting my ass kicked by the first T - 800 .
It 's kind of too bad you had to be CGI , though .
CGI ARNOLD SCHWARZENEGGER
Are you kidding ?
This is the most realistic performance of my career .
CHRISTIAN BALE
Well it 's costing about a million dollars per frame , so let 's move this along .
CHRISTIAN BALE dumps a load of MOLTEN STEEL on ARNOLD and it melts his skin off , converting him back into a regular boring robot .
CHRISTIAN BALE
What the fuck ?
That was molten steel .
That 's the thing that kills you in Terminator 2 .
CHRISTIAN escapes ARNOLD and finds ANTON .
CHRISTIAN BALE
Anton !
It 's very important you live .
It 's also very important you switch from briefs to boxers , you gotta keep that sperm count up .
ANTON YELCHIN
We need to destroy this factory , especially considering that it 's not supposed to exist for like 10 more years .
CHRISTIAN BALE
We can detonate the power cells .
Terminators are powered by explosive nuclear cells .
ANTON YELCHIN
Lemme make sure I have the rules straight .
Things that can go back in time : metal endoskeletons , computer chips , liquid metal , robots with rocket launcher arms , small nuclear devices .
Things that cannot : a gun , clothing .
CHRISTIAN and ANTON detonate the nuclear cells and survive the ensuing nuclear explosion .
EXT .
BACK AT RESISTANCE HEADQUARTERS
CHRISTIAN is severely injured from the encounter .
BRYCE DALLAS HOWARD and SAM WORTHINGTON fret over him .
CHRISTIAN BALE
The T - 800 ruptured my heart .
The fact that I 've survived longer than 0.2 seconds is astonishing .
SAM WORTHINGTON
I shall achieve true terminator salvation .
Bryce , give Christian my heart .
BRYCE DALLAS HOWARD
Yeah , I 'm a veterinarian .
Unless you 're both kitty cats , this is a bad plan .
BRYCE somehow saves CHRISTIAN but everyone probably dies a year later from being exposed to nuclear radiation nonstop for ten years .
Even worse , MCG manages to keep making movies .
END
Enlarge By Chris Hondros , Getty Images
" People are coming to us in much worse shape than they used to be , " a credit counseling official says .
Bankruptcies are on the rise as jobs vanish .
MORE BANKRUPTCIES MORE BANKRUPTCIES
Bankruptcy filings continue to rise : Filing days per month Filings per day Total filings January 20 4,464 89,289 February 19 5,445 103,455 March 22 5,999 131,969 April 22 5,854 128,784 May 20 6,020 120,390 Source : Automated Access to Court Electronic Records DON'T MISS ANY PERSONAL FINANCE COVERAGE DON'T MISS ANY PERSONAL FINANCE COVERAGE
Sign up for USA TODAY 's Personal Finance e-mail newsletter .
Every Friday , you 'll get a week 's worth of USA TODAY 's personal finance news and columns .
The experienced columnists and reporters at USA TODAY give you the news you need and advice you trust .
SIGN UP NOW .
IT 'S FREE Consumer and commercial bankruptcy filings are on pace to reach a stunning 1.5 million this year , according to a report from Automated Access to Court Electronic Records .
While well below the record 2 million filings in 2005 , the number of filings is up sharply from last year 's 1.1 million , says Robert Lawless , professor of law at the University of Illinois .
Bankruptcy filings took a dramatic nose dive after a 2005 bankruptcy reform measure was signed into law to curb bankruptcy abuse and make it harder to erase debts .
But filings are surging back in part because of rising job losses .
The unemployment rate could hit 10 % this year .
And tighter credit , dwindling 401 ( k ) accounts , smaller paychecks and less savings have left unemployed workers and those who are working but struggling with fewer financial resources to keep creditors at bay .
Over the past decades , consumers who were hurting financially could rely on credit cards to help them tread water .
" The fact that consumer credit has tightened and shrunk explains why bankruptcy filings have now gone up so dramatically , " Lawless says .
In May , the number of bankruptcy filings reached 6,020 a day , up from 5,854 in April , AACER says .
More debt - laden consumers are turning to consumer credit counseling services for assistance .
But credit counselors say that it 's harder than ever to help them .
" People are coming to us in much worse shape than they used to be , " says David Jones , president of the non-profit Association of Independent Consumer Credit Counseling Agencies .
" We used to be able to help 20 % to 25 % of people who came to us , and now we can only help 7 % to 8 % . "
Even the commercial bankruptcy rate is soaring , driven by shrinking sales and tight credit markets .
Last month , commercial filings hit 376 a day , up from 255 in May 2008 .
Hartmarx , which manufactures and markets apparel , and Silicon Graphics , a manufacturer of computer workstations and storage products , were among the filers .
The wave of corporate bankruptcies will cause a secondary wave in consumer filings , says John Pottow , University of Michigan bankruptcy law professor .
Bankruptcy filings are not climbing at the same rate in every state .
Nevada , Michigan and California had the biggest per-capita increase in bankruptcy filings in May , according to AACER .
" Nevada does n't surprise me , " Pottow says .
" It is ground zero of the housing crisis . "
And California also has suffered from the boom and bust of the housing market .
By contrast , Michigan is dealing with the collapse of the auto industry .
The recent bankruptcy filings of Chrysler and General Motors , along with plant closings and job losses , will spark even more consumer bankruptcy filings , Pottow says .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
A manhunt was launched today for 16 of Europe 's most wanted fugitives thought to be hiding in Britain .
The men , mainly from Eastern Europe , are sought by police for crimes including murder , rape , paedophilia , trafficking and drug smuggling .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
They were thought to be living in areas including London , Middlesex , Sussex , Nottinghamshire and Cheshire .
An international public appeal for information was launched by charity Crimestoppers in London today .
Lord Ashcroft , who founded Crimestoppers , said Operation Infra is a " credible and effective " way of catching villains .
He said : " The initiative is well and truly an international one .
Fugitives hide across the globe in all communities , large and small .
" When you look at the criminals that are on the most wanted list they are truly horrible people and need to be caught . "
Operation Infra , which stands for International Fugitive Round Up and Arrest , is the charity 's first worldwide hunt for suspects .
Up to 120 further suspected criminals were included on a wanted list circulated in the United States , Canada , Jamaica , Holland , Australia and Belgium .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
The move follows the success of a similar operation in southern coastal Spain , a notorious hide - out for British criminals .
Suspected criminals on the British wanted list come from several countries including Poland , Georgia , Lithuania , Albania and Hungary .
Among them are Pole Piotr Bielecki , wanted for a violent sex attack on a woman in his home country , who absconded while on bail in Britain .
Another fugitive , Bogumil Kaczmarkczyk , thought to be in Sussex , is one of Poland 's most wanted men after he was linked to a notorious murder and a series of rapes .
A third man , Albanian Agim Kabashi , wanted for a series of sex crimes , was suspected of running a European prostitution network .
A 17th wanted man was held by police in Milton Keynes yesterday after information about two wanted men was leaked to the media .
Hungarian Balazs Asztalos , 25 , was caught running a bungee jump as part of a travelling fair in the city .
He is suspected of raping a four - year - old girl and forcing another child to watch .
Dave Cording , of Crimestoppers , said it is impossible to say how many suspected criminals are hiding in Britain or whether they are responsible for further crimes .
He said some of those on the wanted list may have entered the country illegally and are now living under false identities .
Mr Cording said : " There will be some intelligence that suggests these individuals have been or are in the UK and these are serious offences .
" We felt these are individuals where there is a good chance of tracking them down and arresting them . "
He added : " We get people who are committing crime elsewhere here in the UK , hiding among our communities .
" Crimestoppers has enjoyed notable success in helping UK law enforcement track down UK fugitives hiding in Spain , so we are confident that the public will yet again help us to locate this new set of internationally wanted criminals . "
Other organisations involved in the move included the Serious and Organised Crime Agency ( Soca ) and the Metropolitan Police .
David Armond , international director at Soca , said : " Crimestoppers has been a major success , shrinking the globe and depriving criminals of places to hide .
" Soca places great value on our collaboration and we are fully behind this new fugitives initiative . "
Anyone with information was warned not to approach the individual but to call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 .
Digg
del.icio.us
Newsvine
Reddit
Facebook Consumers across the country have alleged in more than 400 lawsuits filed in courts and complaints logged with federal regulators that Zicam nasal gel , meant to relieve cold symptoms , has destroyed or diminished their sense of smell or taste .
Some consumers and experts say the controversy shows there hole in the government 's oversight of homeopathic products such as Zicam .
Zicam 's manufacturer , Phoenix - based Matrixx Initiatives , says its Zicam medicines are safe and that it has research to back it up .
Matrixx settled a batch of 340 lawsuits for $ 12 million in January 2006 , court and SEC documents show .
The company did not admit fault .
Since then , Matrixx has fought off more lawsuits using a panel of medical experts and piles of scientific evidence .
Matrixx representatives say the controversy over Zicam boils down to one Colorado doctor , who first publicly linked Zicam to smell loss , and lawyers out to make a quick buck .
Since September 2006 , six federal courts have tossed out expert testimony from the doctor , Bruce Jafek , a University of Colorado School of Medicine ear , nose and throat specialist .
Companies that sell homeopathic products are not required to go through the same rigorous approval process and government - vetted clinical trials that pharmaceutical companies must complete before the Food and Drug Administration will allow them to make a prescription drug available for public consumption .
The FDA has received more than 200 complaints from consumers about Zicam gel , which is sold over - the - counter .
The agency , which must deal with urgent public health issues such as the contaminated toothpaste ingredients from China , recalls only few over - the - counter products .
For example , it banned the nutritional supplement ephedra in 2004 after it was linked to increased blood pressure and irregular heart rhythm .
" I do n't know of any immediate action on Zicam , " said FDA spokeswoman Sandy Walsh .
David Richardson , a packaging equipment salesman in Greensboro , N.C , wants the FDA to require an independent study of the safety of Zicam gel , which uses a long , narrow nozzle to pump zinc gluconate into the nose .
Richardson first tried Zicam two years ago when he wanted quick relief from a cold .
A few days later , he noticed that scents seemed distorted .
Even strong odors , such as gasoline , had a metallic scent .
He also said he lost his sense of taste as the two senses are linked .
" This has changed my whole life , " Richardson said .
" Heaven forbid some mother gives it to her 6 - year - old kid . "
Matrixx Initiatives did $ 96 million in sales last year , making most of its money from sales of Zicam - branded products , which include the nasal gel , swabs , a spray and pills .
The company woos consumers with its slogan , " Better ways to get better , " and sells cold and cough , allergy , and sinus medications at chain retailers such as Wal - Mart , Walgreens and CVS .
Matrixx also has touted its products in radio and television ads featuring talk - show personality Rush Limbaugh and customer testimonials .
But in 2003 , Jafek reported in a medical conference on 10 cases of smell loss linked to use of zinc gluconate .
Other doctors followed , including Terrence Davidson , director of the University of California - San Diego Nasal Dysfunction Clinic .
It had long been known that zinc could harm nasal tissue when administered in high enough doses .
Jafek and others theorized that the force of the Zicam gel pump could deliver toxic doses of zinc and damage sensitive nose tissues .
Some patients probably sniffed the zinc after applying the gel in their nose .
That , in turn , triggered loss of smell .
After the lawsuits began trickling in , Matrixx commissioned its own panel of doctors and scientists .
They reviewed existing scientific literature and concluded there is no evidence that a zinc - based nasal gel such as Zicam can lead to smell loss .
The company - hired experts conducted studies on the incidence of smell loss in the general population , the impact of a zinc gluconate gel on mice and whether the Zicam gel pump could reach sensitive smell tissue in cadavers .
They concluded that the most likely cause of smell loss is the cold virus itself , sinus problems or nasal injury .
" The company is satisfied the product is safe , " Matrixx spokesman Rob Murphy said .
Jafek said he remains concerned about the effect of zinc in the nose : " I have done the best I can to alert the scientific community of this problem so that we can prevent other patients from suffering avoidable loss of smell . "
Share this story : Digg del.icio.us Newsvine Reddit Facebook Enlarge Photo illustration : Matrixx via GNS
" The company is satisfied the product is safe , " a Matrixx spokesman says , but Matrixx faces lawsuits over Zicam .
Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
Dr. George Tiller was n't the first abortion doctor to be murdered by a pro-life jihadist .
In 1993 , Dr. David Gunn was shot and killed in Florida by Michael Griffin .
Who was Griffin 's attorney ?
MSNBC morning host ( and Starbucks lover ) Joe Scarborough !
That 's right .
The Village Voice 's Wayne Barrett reminds us , by way of reference to a bracing attack profile he wrote last year about Scarborough , that in Florida in the early 1990s — before he was a congressman or a lovably irascible co-host for MSNBC's Morning Joe — Scarborough served as Griffin 's lawyer in the Gunn case free of charge .
The history makes one wonder what Scarborough has to say about Tiller 's murder , and if he disclosed his relationship with Griffin when he discussed it on the air .
There are no transcripts of Morning Joe available , so we do n't really know .
But Google turns up no statements from Scarborough that we can find .
And the Morning Joe web site features 40 clips from the show going back to May 29 , none of which , as far as we can tell ( we did n't watch them all ) , deal with Tiller .
The only discussion of Tiller on Morning Joe that an MSNBC spokeswoman could confirm was a news update read by Mika Brzezinski on Monday 's broadcast .
She could n't provide specific quotes , or say whether Scarborough talked about the case or disclosed his previous advocacy for an abortion provider 's killer .
An e-mail to Scarborough was n't immediately returned .
Scarborough describes himself as a " family friend " of the Griffins .
He was a civil attorney , and told the Voice that he initially represented Griffin only while the accused man searched for a qualified criminal attorney .
After Griffin 's arrest , there was some confusion about who would represent him .
At one point in June 1993 , Griffin demanded that his court - appointed attorney be taken off the case and replaced with Scarborough .
In the end , criminal defense attorney Bob Kerrigan took the case , but Scarborough represented Griffin from March to June of that year .
Scarborough told the Voice last year that it was absurd to think that a judge would allow him , with limited criminal defense experience , to sit on a potential death - penalty case .
He was just a caretaker attorney , doing a favor for a family friend .
In press coverage from the time , he was quoted explaining his client 's legal theory behind subpoenaing as - yet - unborn children as material witnesses in his case :
Griffin family atty .
Joe Scarborough said Griffin 's attempt to delay the trial for unborn witnesses " may have been an attempt to set the stage for a defense argument that the doctor 's death was necessary to prevent what he considered a greater evil — abortion . "
But Griffin himself , in two handwritten letters to the Voice , told a different story , saying Scarborough was eager to stay involved in his defense but was barred by the judge :
Griffin , who is doing a life sentence , sent two handwritten letters in response to Voice inquiries , maintaining that Scarborough tried to stay on the trial team .
He says that Kerrigan and Scarborough brought motion papers to him , which he signed , that would have kept Scarborough on as co-counsel .
He maintains that " the judge rejected it " at an informal meeting outside the courtroom .
According to Griffin , Joe told him " several times " that he would represent him at trial and that he " had three friends still in law school who would help him , " adding : " I have an exact memory on this point . "
The next year , Scarborough won a congressional seat with the help of $ 15,210 from the National Right to Life Committee .
Every criminal defendant needs a lawyer , no matter how loathsome .
So Scarborough 's representation of Griffin , whether it was fleeting or purposeful , is no shame .
But given the fact that Scarborough has always been fiercely pro-life , one wonders whether he was motivated by a concern for the rights of the accused or by ideological kinship .
The Pirate Party has won a seat in the EU elections following its campaigning for a freer internet .
The Swedish party received 7.1 per cent of the vote in its country , translating to one seat in the European Parliament .
Christian Engstrom , the party 's top candidate , told Reuters : " This is fantastic !
This shows that there are a lot of people who think that personal integrity is important and that it matters that we deal with the internet and the new information society in the right way . "
The party fought for its seat on three issues : reform of copyright law , abolishment of the patent system , and respect for the right of privacy .
A statement on its website said : " Not only do we think these are worthwhile goals .
We also believe they are realistically achievable on a European basis .
The sentiments that led to the formation of the Pirate Party in Sweden are present throughout Europe . "
" There are already similar political initiatives under way in several other member states .
Together , we will be able to set a new course for a Europe that is currently heading in a very dangerous direction . "
The party 's popularity rose following the Pirate Bay case in April where four individuals were found guilty of breaching copyright laws and each of them sentenced to one year in prison .
May 21 , 2009 --
Treating type 2 diabetes patients with a cholesterol - lowering drug called fenofibrate cuts the risk of a first diabetes - related limb amputation by 36 % , according to a new study published this week in The Lancet .
" I would call that a substantial reduction in risk , " says James Best , MD , professor of medicine at the University of Melbourne in Australia and a co-author of the study .
The reduction in limb amputation risk is probably not directly related to the cholesterol - lowering effects of the drug , he tells WebMD , but rather to some of the other effects , such as improving the functioning of small blood vessels .
Amputation & Type 2 Diabetes : Background People with diabetes are more likely than people without the condition to have a foot or leg amputation , according to the American Diabetes Association .
That 's because people with diabetes are likely to have peripheral artery disease , reducing blood flow to the lower legs and feet , and to have nerve disease called diabetic neuropathy , boosting their risk of getting ulcers and infections that can result in a need for amputation .
LONDON  Millvina Dean , who as an infant passenger aboard the Titanic was lowered into a lifeboat in a canvas mail sack and lived to become the ship ’s last survivor , died Sunday at a nursing home in Southampton , the English port from which the Titanic embarked on its fateful voyage , according to staff at the home .
She was 97 and had been in poor health for several weeks .
The youngest of the ship ’s 705 survivors , Ms. Dean was only 9 weeks old when the Titanic hit an iceberg in waters off Newfoundland on the night of April 14 , 1912 , setting off what was then considered the greatest maritime disaster in history .
She survived with her mother , Georgetta , and 2 - year - old brother when they , like many other survivors , were picked up by the liner Carpathia and taken to New York .
Her father , Bertram Dean , was among more than 1,500 passengers and crew members who died in the sinking , a fact that Ms. Dean , in an interview at the Southampton nursing home last month , attributed partly to the fact that the Dean family was traveling in third class , or steerage , as the cheapest form of passage was known .
The issue of LAN play has become a hot - button issue for PC gamers ever since we found out that StarCraft 2 will have no support for it .
Be prepared for an even larger backlash against a well - known RTS franchise however , as EA has confirmed that Command and Conquer 4 currently requires an online connection at all times ... even when playing the single - player game .
" As of right now , you need to be online all the time to play C&C 4 .
This is primarily due to our ' player progression ' feature so everything can be tracked .
C&C 4 is not an MMO in the sense of World of Warcraft , but conceptually it has similar principles for being online all the time , " Community Leader APOC wrote .
No matter what mode you 're playing , no matter what you 're doing , if you want to play Command and Conquer 4 , you 're going to need to have a working Internet connection .
If you 're already enraged , do n't be .
We 're assured that this is no big deal .
" While some may be taken aback by this , we 've been testing this feature internally with all of our world - wide markets , " APOC continued .
" We wanted to make sure it would n't take away any significant market or territory from playing the game .
We have not found or seen any results that have made us think otherwise . "
You wo n't need a broadband connection , in fact you 'll be able to use a dial - up connection to get the game to play .
EA is arguing that you 'll like what it 's doing with the game enough to put up with this inconvenience .
This is reminiscent of Blizzard 's insistence that the new Battle .
net will make up for the lack of LAN play .
" What we are doing for multiplayer for the game and with our infrastructure for this game is unlike any we 've produced before and I think you will finally see the culmination of a lot of key learnings from past projects in C&C 4 , in this respect , " APOC finished , before saying we can expect more details as upcoming gaming magazines hit the newstands .
While online connections are becoming more plentiful every day , can EA honestly not imagine any scenarios where a gamer might be away from an Internet connection and want to play the game ?
Without more information about the game 's mechanics , it 's hard to know if this move is a shady excuse for extreme DRM ... but we 're going to go ahead and float the possibility .
In fact , in a prior interview , Designer Samuel Bass claimed " as a nice side effect , since C&C4 requires players to be online all the time in order to prevent cheating , we 'll be shipping without any form of DRM . "
RTS games are great for laptops , and a natural way to pass the time while traveling .
For Command and Conquer fans , though , it soon might be crucial to make sure your flight features Internet access .
Google I / O 2009 レポート
【詳報 】Google Waveとは何なのか？
米グーグルは5月28日、米国サンフランシスコで開催中のイベント「 Google I/ O 2009 」で、まったく新しいメッセージングおよびコラボレーションのためのプラットフォーム、「
Google Wave」を発表した。同日、開発者向け早期プレビューとして公開。限定的にアカウントを発行して、外部の意見を取り入れながら開発を進める。年内にも一般向けサービスを公開し、それに続いてサーバの実装も順次、Apache2.0ライセンスのもとでオープンソースで公開していく予定だという。
プロジェクトリーダーで 、Google Waveの基調講演でデモンストレーションを行ったラース・ラスムセン氏は、Google Wave は「3つのP」からなると説明する。
Google Waveのプロジェクトリーダー、ラース・ラスムセン（Lars Rasmussen）氏は、Google Wave は 「 3つのP」からなると説明する
Google Waveの構成する3 つの「 P」とはプロトコル、プロダクト、プラットフォーム
Google Waveのクライアント画面。クライアントといってもHTMLベースのWebアプリケーションだ
Waveを構成す る3 つ の「 P 」
1つ目 のPは「プロトコル 」 。Waveサーバはグーグルが独自に書き起こしたHTTPサーバの一種で、SMTPを置き換え得るサーバソフトウェアだ。通常のHTTP上でWaveのプロトコルを使ってクライアントと通信する。クライアントとは基本的に小さなXMLファイルをやり取りする。
SMTPと異なるのは、サーバ同士がメッセージの送受信のたびにピア＝ピアで通信を行うのではなく、ユーザー間で1つのサーバ上のWaveオブジェクトを共有するモデルとなっている点だ。この構成によって、Comet（コネクションを切らずにHTTP通信を行うテクニック）による非常に応答性の高いリアルタイムコミュニケーションが可能となる。タイプ中の文字は1文字ずつサーバに送られ、各クライアントにほとんどタイムラグなしに動的に表示される。多くのインスタント・メッセンジャーでは、相手がタイピング中であることは表示されるが、実際に相手のメッセージが届くのを待つことになる。これがWaveではタイプ中の文字がサーバからリアルタイムに送られてくる。「これは会話をとてつもなくスピードアップさせます」（ラスムセン氏）。
【追記】リアルタイム性を強調したデモンストレーションだったが、入力中の文字が全部見えるのは気持ち悪いということもある。このためラスムセン氏はデフォルトで1文字1文字見えるようにするべきかどうかなど、まだモデルについては検討中という。
Wave クライアントはローカルにあるXMLファイルを変更する。この変更差分がXMLでサーバにプッシュされ、サーバ上のWaveオブジェクト（XMLファイル）に適用される。続いてその差分が接続中の各Waveクライアントに広がり、それぞれの画面にリアルタイムで変更が反映される。Waveではテキストだけでなく、画像やリンクなども同様に扱うことができ、画像ファイルを貼り付けたWave（一連のコミュニケーションを構造化したスレッド、もしくはドキュメントそのものをこう呼ぶ）では、画像を並べ替えたり、キャプションを複数人で共同編集したりといったことがリアルタイムで行える。
Google Waveの利用概念図。中心にあるサーバ上のWaveオブジェクト（XMLファイル）を共有する
Waveの画面 。Waveの実体はXMLファイルだが、HTMLに変換されてWebページとして表示される。画面はメールとチャットの間のようなやり取りの例。Cometを使ったサーバ・クライアント接続で相手が入力した文字を逐一反映される応答性のよさだ
Wave のドキュメントは構造化されているので、発言の途中にコメントを入れたり、すでに発言したものを修正したりできる。そうした編集も、すべてリアルタイムで参加者のWebブラウザ上に反映
タイプする文字はすべてリアルタイムで画面に現れる。これまでGoogle Docsでも似たような共同作業の機能はあったが、タイムラグがほとんど感じられないほどに高速化されている
Wave に画像を貼って（ドラッグ＆ドロップでiPhotoから直接アップロードもできる）、そのキャプションを同時に共同編集している様子。分業すると作業が速いということが一目瞭然のデモだ
各クライアントは単一のサーバに接続する形だが、Waveサーバ間をつなぐフェデレーションのXMPPベースのプロトコルも規定している。グーグルでは「われわれの競合がWaveサービスを開始してアカウントを発行しても構わない」（ラスムセン氏）としている。複数のWaveサーバがメッセージをやり取りすることで、単一のWaveサーバで動いているのと同様に、異なるWaveサーバ利用者同士の間でリアルタイムコミュニケーションが可能だという。
クライアント はWebブラウザ
Waveを構成す る 「 3つ のP」の2つ目は「プロダクト」。サーバソフトウェアのほかに、グーグルはHTMLベースのクライアントを公開。デモンストレーションではChrome、Firefox、Safariで同様のUIが実現している様子や、異なるPC上の異なるWebブラウザ間で、同時に文字や画像が追加されていく様子も披露した。Waveクライアントは、画像のドラッグ＆ドロップによるアップロードや、ユーザーリストからアイコンをドラッグ＆ドロップして会話に加えるなど動的なUI が印象的だ。ただし、デスクトップからのアイコンのドラッグ＆ドロップについては、現在仕様を提案中で、この機能を利用するにはドラフトの仕様を実装したソースコードをビルドする必要があるという。また、ネットワーク接続が切れていたためにデモはうまくいかなかったが、iPhoneとAndroid端末の間でもWebブラウザベースのクライアント（HTMLページ）を使って同様のリアルタイムコミュニケーションが可能だという。
ドラッグ＆ドロップで画像 をWaveに加えられる
参加者を加えるのもアイコンのドラッグ＆ドロップで可能
AndroidやiPhoneでも画面が狭くなること以外はほぼ同じUIが実現できるという。これも単なるHTMLページだ。ただ、デモンストレーションではネットワーク接続が不調で動作しなかった
プロトコルはオープンであるため、Waveクライアントは何でも構わない。デモンストレーションではUNIXのターミナルを使ったテキストベースのクライアントを披露。テキストベースのメッセージに関しては、WebブラウザでのWaveと同様にリアルタイムで相手のタイピングが見える様子などをデモンストレーションしてみせた。ただし、WaveクライアントはXMLのパーズとレンダリングが必要で、グーグルが公開したHTML版のWaveクライアントでは、JavaScript（DOM）を使ってクライアントサイドでXMLをHTMLに変換してWebブラウザでレンダリングしているという。
コラボレーションプラットフォームとしてのWave
「 3つ のP」の3つ目は 「プラットフォーム」。各Waveは構造化されており（XMLドキュメント＋アノテーション）、メールやチャットのようなコミュニケーション、WikiやGoogle Docs、EtherPadのようなコラボレーションツールに似たプラットフォームとして利用できる。
Wave はメールと異なり、発言と返答を繰り返す一連のコミュニケーションは1つの編集履歴を備えた完結したドキュメントとなる。基本的にテキストメッセージを投げ合うだけのメールと異なり、サーバ上のWaveオブジェクトを共有する形なので、誰が、いつ、どこにコメントを加えたかがツリー状に表示される。パーミッションやセキュリティの問題など、まだ詳細なモデルについては検討中というが、こうしたテキストなどのオブジェクトは、後からほかのユーザーが編集することもできる。つまり、WaveはWikiのように共同編集ツールとしても利用可能だ。
Wave は仕様書のようなドキュメント作成の共同作業にも使えるという。どこにでもコメントが付けられてバージョン管理もできる
構造化されたXML文書とは別にアノテーションもサポートしているため、ハイライトなどの表現をデータ構造的にきれいな形で利用できる
メールでよくやるように、途中から誰かを会話に追加するというユースケースでも、Waveは新しいユーザー体験を提供する。途中から何らかのWaveに参加したユーザーは、プレイバック機能を使ってそのWaveが新規作成された時点にまでさかのぼり、それまでの発言や編集を追体験できる機能を備えている。ソフトウェアの開発環境にたとえて言えば、デバッガのステップ実行のように、会話や編集がスタートした時点から、順を追って1つずつ話の流れを追うことができる。これは返信に返信を重ねたメールが読みづらくなったり、途中から参加した人が議論の流れを追いにくいという問題に対する打開策となり得る。また、バージョン管理を備えた同時共同編集ツールとして考えれば、メールへの添付でオフィス文書を投げ合うモデルよりもはるかに合理的だ。編集履歴の管理では、昨今目覚ましい開発を見せているソフトウェアのバージョン管理システムにヒントを得ていて、Waveではソフトウェア開発プロジェクトでいう「フォーク」（分岐）に相当する作業も可能だという。
途中か らWave（会話など）に加わった人が話の流れに追いつくために、時間を巻き戻して1つずつ情報が付け加わるのを再生できるインターフェイスを備える
ボットを使っ たWaveの拡張
Wave は共同作業の強力なツールとなるという意味でもプラットフォームだが、ほかのWebサービスなどのハブとなるという意味でもプラットフォームだ。
Wave は一風変わった方法で機能拡張が行える 。Twitter などで一般化したボットをサーバで走らせ、これを各種サービスとのプロキシとして利用するという方法だ。
例えば、ブログサービスと接続する「bloggy」（ブロギー）というボットをWaveの会話に加えると（人間の参加者を加えるのと同様だ）、そのWave上の発言を、直接ブログにパブリッシュできるようになる。基調講演でラスムセン氏は、ブログサービスとbloggyを双方向に結び、にわかに信じがたいデモンストレーションを行った。
まず 、Wave上で書いたテキストがブログにパブリッシュされる。そのブログを見た誰かがコメントを付ける。すると、bloggyを通してそのコメントがブロガーが見ているWave上にリアルタイムで反映されるのだ。このコメントに対してWave上でさらにブロガーが返信すると、そのコメントは1文字1文字とブログページのほうでも表示されていく、といった具合だ。
ブログが掲載されてい るWebページに対してリアルタイムにコメントを1文字ずつ反映するこのデモンストレーションは、ブログサービスをWave対応として実装しているからこそ可能で、今のところ一般のブログサービスではこうはなりそうもない。ただ、MovableTypeやWordPressでWaveプラグインが登場する可能性は十分にある。もしも、ブログや掲示板、メディア、SNS、企業のカスタマーサービスページなどで次々とWaveクライアント対応が進むようなことになれば、われわれは、あちこちのWebページで常に書き換えやコメント追加が発生する「リアルタイムWeb」の世界を生きるようになる可能性すらあるだろう。
【訂正】ブログ とWave結ぶ双方向のインタラクションのデモンストレーションで、ブログ側を特別に実装したサービスであるかのように書いたが、実際には既存WebページにWaveを埋め込むためのAPIがある。つまり既存WebページをWave対応とするのは、上に書いたようなプラグインの対応などなしにできる。
Blogger.comのアイコンはbloggyと名づけられたボット。Waveに参加してブログサービスとWaveの間をブリッジするプロキシとして機能する
bloggyが参加す るWaveでの発言は、そのままブログにパブリッシュされる。逆にブログ側に付いたコメントはbloggyによってWave側に反映される。すべてリアルタイムで進行するため、誰かがブログにコメントを残したら、ブロガーはWaveを通してダイレクトに返信コメントを送ることができる。すべての編集はWaveとブログ側で1文字ずつ進行する
「もしいま、メールというシステムを最初から作り直すとしたら、どんなものになるだろうか」。こうした問題意識からWaveというプロジェクトはスタートしたというが、サーバ上のオブジェクトを共有し、その差分情報をリアルタイムでクライアント間で反映し合うというWaveモデルの射程は広そうだ。
Wave はグーグルとしては珍しいベータ以前の段階での早期プレビュー公開となったが、その理由はWaveのあるべきモデルや実装について議論を進めるとともに、さまざまなアイデアを持つ開発者を巻き込んでいきたいと考えているからだという。ラスムセン氏は、Google Mapsをプロデュースしたことでも知られているが、その時の経験から、開発者コミュニティを巻き込んだマッシュアップ的な開発が、Waveのようなサービスの成功に不可欠だと認識しているという。「開発者の皆さんが、Waveを使って何をするのか、それを見る日が待ちきれません。ぜひわれわれを驚かせてください」（ラスムセン氏）
「 ガジェット」でボットの利用も容易に
Wave には各種ボットを開発者が
「ガジェット」として公開する仕組みが提供されている。利用者はワンクリックでこれらのガジェットが利用できる。ガジェット（ボット）の例としてラスムセン氏がデモンストレーションしたのは、Google検索をWave内から行う「
Searchy 」 、Google Mapsで共有操作ができるようになる「 Mappy 」 、Twitterへの投稿とタイムラインの取得を行う「 Twave」、何らかの投票を行い結果をリアルタイムにWaveに反映してグラフ化する「Polly」、パーティーやイベントなどで参加者の参加・不参加表明を管理するガジェット、チェスや数独といったゲームのガジェットなどだ。
【訂正】ガジェットとボット（グーグルはロボットと呼んでいる）はまったく別の仕組みなので訂正します。ガジェットは、いわゆるWebページ向けのガジェットでiGoogleなどで使われているものに近く、クライアント側で走る小さなアプリケーション。一方ボットはサーバ上で走るソフトウェア。
例え ばMappyのデモンストレーションでは、2人のユーザーが南の島に旅行に行く相談をするという想定でMappyを使ってみせた。一方でGoogle Mapsを動かせば他方のWebブラウザでも地図の表示位置が動く。「この辺に泊まりたいわ」というリクエストを図示すれば、それも他方からリアルタイムで見える。こうした例では一方が先にプランを作り、他方が次にオンラインになったときに、それを見てコメントを入れるというようなメール的な非同期コミュニケーションも行える。投票やイベント参加者の取りまとめなど、これまでメールで苦労していた作業が手軽になりそうだ。
WaveオブジェクトはXMLファイルなので、好きなアプリケーションをガジェットとして実装して、それをそのままリアルタイム通信のプラットフォームに載せることができる。
例えばチェスのようなゲーム はWaveに適していて、駒を動かす部分だけを実装すれば、Waveが備える編集履歴とプレイバック機能によって、そのまま棋譜を再生するプラットフォームともなるという。別のゲームの例として数独ガジェットもある。「もともと協力して素早く数独を解くというのを狙って作ったんですが、何だか気が付いてみればすごく競争的になっていました」。こういうと、2人のデモンストレータは、われ先にと次々に穴を数字で埋めていった。
極端に高い応答性が求められる対戦ゲームのようなものは難しいかもしれないが、ボードゲームなど、複数人が参加できる事実上のP2P通信プラットフォームとして、Waveの利用価値は高いと言えそうだ。
ガジェットで提供されるチェスゲーム
旅行の相談に使えそうなMappyと名づけられたガジェット。Google Mapsを埋め込んで共同作業で操作や図示ができる
既存のバグトラッキングシステムとWaveをつないだ例。Wave側からほとんどの作業ができるようになる
クラウドの中で協調して動くボットたち
Wave には、元々テキスト入力エリアに対して有効にできるスペルチェッカや翻訳のボットが用意されている。サーバ（ボット）からユーザーがタイプする文字は1文字1文字リアルタイムでサーバに送られているため、ネイティブアプリケーションのようにオンザフライで修正候補が表示されたり、場合によっては自動的に修正される。
応答性という意味ではネイティブアプリケーションと同等のスペルチェックだが、クラウドベースで動くボットによるスペルチェックは、それよりはるかに強力なものだという。なぜならグーグルがクロールしている数十億のページから抽出した言語モデルデータベースが利用できて、しかも多数の言語に対応できるからだ。これはデスクトップでは不可能だし、モバイル端末ではもっと無理だ。デモンストレーションでは「icland is icland . 」とタイプした英文が「 iceland is island .」と自動修正される様子や、「 you are to kind .
」が「 you are too kind .
」となる様子を示した。いずれも、一般的なスペルチェッカでは修正が難しいもので、言語モデルに基づいたスペルチェッカの強力さを見せつけた格好だ。「
Let's met tomorrow.」というセンテンスがあった場合、「met」には「meet/meat/get/net」など多数の修正候補がありえるが、言語データベースが背後にあるWaveのスペルチェッカでは、容易にmeetへと修正が可能だという。
単純なスペルチェッカーでは 「 been」の間違いを「 bean」（豆）に直すことできない。Waveのスペルチェッカーではsoup（スープ）という語が現れていることをヒントに修正できるという
こうしたユーザーの作業を補助する賢いクラウド上のボットたちは、いずれ協調して動くようになるだろうという。それはEclipseのような統合開発環境で、さまざまな入力補助やドキュメントの表示を行ってくれる「作業環境」を提供してくれるのと似ている。ユーザーの知的作業を補助するボットたちがクラウドにたくさん動く―これは1台に閉じたネイティブアプリケーションでは実現不可能な世界だ。
翻訳ボット の 「 Rosy 」
は約40言語に対応していて、やはりユーザーがタイプする速度に追随して訳文を表示させることができる。デモンストレーションでは、英語をタイプするユーザーと、フランス語をタイプするユーザーが、リアルタイムで翻訳されたメッセージを見ながらチャットする様子を示して見せた。2つの異なるWebブラウザ上で、母語が異なる2人がリアルタイムにデータセンター上のボットの助けを借りてチャットするさまは圧巻だ。
ボットの助けでフランス語と英語が相互にリアルタイムで翻訳されている
1時間あまりに及んだデモンストレーションの間中、若干の拍手や歓声をのぞけば比較的静かに講演に聞き入っていた観衆たちだったが、リアルタイム翻訳チャットの時ばかりは拍手がなりやまず、ついに会場には立ち上がって拍手を続ける人たちでいっぱいになった。
（ ＠IT 西村賢） 情報をお寄せください ：
18 June 2009 .
Updated . 17 June 2009 .
Thanks to Trowbridge Ford .
Previous : usa-disasters5.htm Glimpses of America's Man-Made Disasters Part 5 May 24 , 2009 usa-disasters4.htm Glimpses of America's Man-Made Disasters Part 4 May 17 , 2009 usa-disasters3.htm Glimpses of America's Man-Made Disasters Part 3 May 12 , 2009 usa-disasters.htm
Glimpses of America's Man-Made Disasters 1 and 2 May 3 , 2009 Glimpses of America 's Man-Made Disasters by Trowbridge H. Ford Part Six
The Bush administration , especially the Pentagon 's Donald Rumsfeld and DCI Porter Goss , was most concerned about public and media reaction to Hurricanes Katrina and Rita - worried that they might be seen as the culmination of their covert operations coming home to roost , thanks to what Naomi Klein had written in The Nation the previous spring about the rise of disaster capitalism , and what former Malaysian President Mohammad Mahathir had been feared of alluding to before a conference on the environment at Kuala Lumpur shortly after the disasters .
The Secretary of Defense had appointed Peter Geren - a slimy former Congressman hoping to take advantage of Anadarko Petroleum 's windfall profits in the Gulf while attempting to mobilize the country behind the Christian Embassy 's crusade against Islam - as Acting Air Force Secretary to provide cover for the air cowboys in the National Reconnaissance Office while they heated up the Loop Current with satellite lasers for strategic purposes under the official leadership of its new Director , Dr. Donald M. Kerr , who had been sent over from the Agency by Goss to give their operations a veneer of authenticity ..
Mahathir 's prepared remarks had been completely sidetracked , though , by a walkout by the Anglo - American diplomatic delegation - apparently triggered by fears that he would give the lowdown on how tropical depressions , ending with Zoé in the Pacific , had been cooked up into cyclones and hurricanes - resulting in an off - the - cuff diatribe about American and British war crimes in Afghanistan and Iraq .
And Klein had alluded in her article to the " Acts of God or Acts of Bush ( on orders from God ) " which had created disasters from " Iraq to Aceh , Afghanistan to Haiti " .
The island republic suffered in 2005 its worst hurricane damage in history , starting with Hurricane Dennis , which killed at least 40 Haitians and left 15,000 homeless .
Still , Fidel Castro made up for Mahathir not saying more about the Katrina disaster by offering the aid of hundreds of doctors , and tons of medical supplies to Katrina 's victims - what he had already done for the hundreds of thousands victims of the Indian Ocean tsunamis , indicating that America 's chickens in weather manipulation had truly come home to roost .
The offer was so telling that the White House refused it , telling the Cuban leader to give his own people freedom instead .
Cuban had avoided its own cockup over the disaster , surprisingly reminiscent of the 9/11 attacks , by learning to coordinate an effective response to such predictable hazards .
Fortunately , for the Pentagon and the Agency , Klein preferred in her article , " Let the People Rebuild New Orleans " in the September 26th issue of The Nation , to see Katrina 's wake as an opportunity for democracy rather than the result of institutionalized recipes for disaster - what had been the norm for almost all disasters whether they had been natural or man-made in origin .
There was no hint that the hurricane was just another example of " vulgar colonialism " , to quote Shalmali Guttal from her earlier piece - a clean slate to be reconstructed by the parallel governments of disaster capitalism as it saw fit .
In fact , Klein never even used the term , and has rarely done so since .
The people of New Orleans , according to Klein , would not go quietly in the night , " ... scattering across the country to become homeless in countless other cities while federal relief funds are funneled into rebuilding casinos , hotels , and chemical plants ... "
Community Labor United , a coalition of low - income groups in New Orleans , would not let the area be treated as if it were some third - world disaster site .
The $ 10.5 billion provided by Congress and the $ 500 million raised by charities , Klein added , belonged to the victimized people , and they should be allowed to use it in ways they saw fit , not like what happened to the people of Sri Lanka after the devastating Indian Ocean tsunami .
If the inhabitants of Mexico City could force their government to rebuild their community after the devastating earthquake in 1985 , the people of New Orleans could do the same .
Unfortunately , this proved to be a complete pipedream , as Klein herself duly recorded in The Shock Doctrine : The Rise of Disaster Capitalism , though the role of disasters - hurricanes , cyclones , and earthquakes - were sorely missing in helping explain the process until it came to Katrina .
There was no mention of the consequences of any cyclone , especially Cyclone Zoé , which had wreaked such physical , financial and social havoc in the Western Pacific and Indian Ocean whatever their cause .
There was no mention of other hurricanes which had regularly pounded Cuba , not even the devastation caused to the island by Katrina - only what Hurricane Mitch had conveniently done by mass flooding to the troublesome states of Honduras , Nicaragua , and Guatemala in Central America in October 1998 .
( pp. 500 -1 ) And earthquakes - especially the ones in Iran around the Manjil - Rudbar area , and in the ancient city of Bam in anticipation of the two Gulf Wars , and the one in Turkey at Izmit in 1999 , whatever caused them - were surprisingly not included among the tactics of disaster capitalism .
Shock doctrine , the less insidious term according to the expert on the subject , was essentially caused by various neo-cons , especially from Chicago and Harvard Universities , who persuaded Southern Cone dictators to adopt unfettered capitalism whatever the cost and consequences , and when they were overthrown , their successors liquidated their debts by essentially scrapping whatever was required at great social and economic cost to satisfy lenders , particularly the IMF and the World Bank " Believers in the shock doctrine , " she conveniently concluded , " are convinced that only a great rupture - a flood , a war , a terrorist attack - can generate the kind of vast , clean canvases they crave . " ( p. 25 . N. b. the examples she chooses . )
This was all the more amazing since she finally concluded that the devastation to the Gulf coast by Katrina was the best example of disaster capitalism , with its Green and Red Zones of parallel infrastructures for rich and poor , and at the expense of established government : " Under Bush , the state still has all the trappings of a government - the impressive buildings , presidential press briefings , policy battles - but it no more does the actual work of governing than the employees at Nike 's Beavereton campus stitch running shoes . " ( p. 528 ) In saying all this , her September 2005 article about letting the people rebuild New Orleans is nowhere to be seen .
Most important , this most restricted view of the role of disasters , especially their causes - whether they be natural or man-made of some sort or another - had already experienced the unprecedented feedback by Senator Jay Rockefeller and a few other Democratic colleagues on its Intelligence Committee - publicly objecting the previous December to yet another NRO Misty satellite being in the works , action which he had twice tried to stop , and called " totally unjustified and very , very wasteful and dangerous to the national security . "
What he was referring to - though no one had yet claimed sigint satellites " very , very ... dangerous " - was so sensitive that the NRO had called upon the Justice Department to look into the prosecution of any alleged leaker .
Klein 's failure to investigate the ramifications of this development , much less write about it - given what happened during the 2005 hurricane season - is simply mystifying .
For more , see this link : http://www.democracynow.org/2004/12/16/senate_democrats_protest_top_secret_spy
Of course , given this essential news blackout about covert possibilities , the NRO was able to move quickly against the growing problems in Pakistan whose Balochistan , Federally Administrated Tribal Areas ( FATA ) , North - West Frontier Province , Swat Valley and Pakistan - Administered Kashmir were becoming increasingly Taliban and Al - Qaeda dominated despite what Washington had dictated to strong - man President Pervez Musharraf .
He had staged a coup in 1999 against Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif over the conduct of the war with India over Kashmir , and received $ 10.5 billion in aid from the West , once he had capitulated to threats of being attacked unless he did n't join the so - called war on terror .
While he supplied three airbases for the conduct of Operation Enduring Freedom , he never really went after the Taliban because of his own strategic interests , causing so much consternation in Washington that it finally decided to fix the problem as best it could .
About the situation around 2005 , Ahmed Rashid has written in the latest issue of The New York Review of Books , " Pakistan on the Brink , " the target area had become a absolute powderkeg , thanks to the inaction of the Musharraf regime though somehow making no mention of the earthquake .
Maulana Muhamed had so used his FM radio station with inflammatory messages in the Swat valley that Al - Qaeda and the Taliban built up several more stations and an army for him .
In FATA , the Pashtun tribal leaders had organized their own militias , and plans for the liberation of Pakistan , slitting the throats of some 300 pro-government ones in the process .
In the meantime , the Afghan Taliban , thanks to the inaction of the relevant Pakistani authorities and the assistance from FATA and Balochistan , revived their insurgency in Afghanistan .
And extremist Punjabi groups joined the mix after Pakistan 's relations with India over Kashmir cooled down .
Pakistan , like most of the countries between China and Morocco , has its own system of qanats , called karezes .
These are the underground systems of water collection which rely upon a central well from the surface to supply entrance to a collecting chamber at the lowest ground level , so that fields can be irrigated , and populations supplied with the basic essential .
They can be vast distances in length with tunnels along the way for more collections , and proper ventilation , While Iran was thought to be the source of Pakistan 's systems - what the NRO had taken advantage of in making its 1990 and 2003 earthquakes - actually its are now believed to have come from Afghanistan .
While pipes have replaced tunnels in many Pakistani kerezes , making them less manipulable from outside forces , delay - action dams to collect more water have made them more unstable if so attacked .
For more , see this link : http://pakistaniat.com/2006/09/20/karez-balochistan-pakistan-irrigation/
Again , Professor Zhoughao
Shou predicted the Paskistani earthquake , as he had those off the coast of Aceh in November - December 2004 , but no one in a position of authority took them seriously .
In the December 2006 issue of the " New Concepts in Global Tectonics " Newsletter , he laid out his findings about recent serious earthquakes in " Precursor of the Largest Earthquake of the Last Forty Years , " pp. 3 - 12 .
His critics believed that earthquakes always started deep underground , thanks to tectonic plates crashing together , and that there were never visible precursors of them .
Shou continued to say that his vapor theory about cloud formation over earthquake epicenters , and their unexpected movement , contrary to usual weather patterns , demonstrated otherwise .
After a discussion of Shou 's claims , the newsletter concluded : " This work demonstrates that the vapor theory does not give false warnings .
Shou 's recent investigation shows that all earthquakes of magnitude 7 or above in the world from June 1993 to October 2005 have a vapor precursor .
In contrast , government seismologists worldwide have not yet made a precise and reliable prediction . "
This seems to say more about their character than that of various earthquakes .
Still ,
Shou made no attempt to explain the cause of the cloud formations , and many of them could well be from plates rubbing together , volcanic action , etc .
The Pakistani one appeared just too convenient politically , and suspiciously connected to the Misty satellite passing overhead every 90 minutes to be of natural origin .
The next to last passage overhead caused a minor earthquake , and after all the inhabitants around Muzaffarabad had gone back to bed after their morning tea , as it was Ramadam , the devastating one occurred 90 minutes later , killing 75,000 people , and rendering another 500,000 homeless .
When the Musharraf government acted most positively to offers of assistance , Washington was uncharacteristically most supportive for disaster relief occurring anywhere along the " axis of evil " .
It airlifted 1,200 military personnel , 162 cargo lifts of equipment , and 1,900 tons of supplies .
With the opening up of the Taliban - dominated area to American forces , the Agency for International Development Administrator Andrew Natsios announced to a November Reconstruction Conference that it was providing the Paskistanis with $ 300 million in aid , the Pentagon was throwing in another $ 110 million , and private charities would be adding another $ 100 million .
Despite all the hoopla about this assistance of save the living , and subsequent aid to help them progress , Pakistan is in even worse shape than Afghanistan , thanks in part to the continuing silence by those in the media and in politics who know about its real causes but have failed to speak out , as Rashid has concluded : " In Pakistan there is no such broad national identity or unity .
Many young Balochs today are fiercely determined to create an independent Balochistan .
The ethnic identities of the people in the other provinces have become a driving force for disunity .
The gap between the rich and poor has never been greater .... There is confusion about what actually constitutes a threat to the state and what is need for nation - building . " ( p. 16 ) Until the United States sorts out its confusions about these same matters , especially the use of force in nation - building , it will only get worse , as we shall see .
On Monday , California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger promoted his state 's recently announced initiative , which would see it adopt free , digital textbooks in time for the next school year .
The state 's current fiscal crisis is an obvious motivating factor , as Schwarzenegger said that the state 's share of textbook spending comes in at $ 350 million a year .
But the crisis may simply be accelerating a process that was already under way .
For the past several years , the state has run a program designed to evaluate online educational resources and certify that they can be used in a way that is compliant with state educational standards .
In a speech and editorial in which he pushed the program , Schwarzenegger did n't shy from making financial arguments .
He suggested that the shift would help both the state and local school districts , which spend their own money for textbook purchases .
Once the program is in full swing , a school district with 10,000 high school students could end up with savings in the area of $ 2 million a year .
For now , however , the certification of digital texts will focus on various areas of math and science : Geometry , Algebra , Trigonometry , Calculus , Physics , Chemistry , Biology , and Earth Sciences .
Getting digital material on a tight schedule
Digital publishers are already able to submit their work for approval to California Learning Resource Network , which will handle the evaluation process .
We talked to CLRN 's director , Brian Bridges , who described the evaluation process and discussed where he thinks the initiative might lead .
Although the digital text initiative is all new , CLRN is anything but .
Bridges noted that it has existed for a decade in its current form .
" Our specific purpose is to review electronic learning resources , which includes videos , software resources , as well as data assessment tools , which is student data analysis software , and free Web information links , " Bridges said .
These materials were meant to be used as supplemental course material , Bridges explained — under state regulations , supplemental works are n't allowed meet all the teaching standards for a given topic , which is the standard by which textbooks are evaluated .
" For example , algebra I has 31 content standards ; if a program came to us that met all 31 standards , we could n't touch it , " Bridges said .
" We would have to tell the publisher that only the State Board of Education could touch it .
But if it had 30 standards — and most of them do — then we definitely do review it . "
The great majority of these come from commercial publishers , so the gap between textbooks and the material CLRN is already working with is smaller than it might appear .
What is new for the CLRN is the focus on open source material .
But that is n't necessarily going to force a major change in the material , either .
Bridges says they 're already working with 10 publishers , and expect that they 'll have 14 - 16 signed on by the time that evaluations of the material are made .
" We 're pretty excited about what we 're seeing , " he said .
" We actually have one commercial publisher who is submitting several of their textbooks [ as open sourced material ] for review , so this will be pretty groundbreaking , and I think it will be a paradigm shift for the publishers as well .
They 're taking a paid resource they used to charge the districts for , and basically allowing the districts to download it for free . "
The material will be subjected to an expedited review to have it ready for teachers to prepare for the upcoming school year .
The relevant CLRN divisions will be pulling in their reviewers for meetings in late June and early July , and performing reviews that the state is terming a " quick vetting . "
Two educators will be taking a look at each standard and annotating any instances where the material is lacking , but the evaluation wo n't consider some of the social criteria normally used for texts , such as the depiction of women and minorities .
Changing the rules of the classroom
In announcing the decision , Governor Schwarzenegger also emphasized its pedagogical value .
Printed textbooks , he noted , are on a six - year approval cycle , meaning that many recent historic and scientific events get left out of the classrooms .
" I 'm actually quite pleased that the Governor actually mentioned that in his speech yesterday , " Bridges said .
" We adopted science textbooks in 2006 that still say Pluto is a planet .
In electronic format , you can update things constantly . "
Of course , that adds to the complexity of the vetting process .
" The State Board of Education has a valid concern that , once we go through all this work to approve this content , we do n't want a publisher to come through and make a change that is n't aligned with our standards .
There has to be a short , easy review of changes .
Once the State Board accepts that process , then textbooks will truly be changed . "
Bridges said he could n't be more pleased that the Governor and a State Board of Education that he described as " very protective " when it comes to letting material into the classroom , are not only supporting this initiative , but planning further steps down the road .
Still , the process is n't necessarily going to change everything overnight .
" High schools will still have the choice of whether or not they want to choose a specific book — just because we 're approving something , does n't mean they have to buy it or download it , " he noted .
There 's also going to be a learning experience when it comes to media ; Bridges wondered , " How are we going to transport that .
Is it a Kindle ?
Is it some other kind of e-reader ?
Is it a one - to - one laptop program ?
Or are we just going to print these out ?
Because it 's still very inexpensive to take the most relevant chapters and have them printed out . "
Bridges clearly feels that a paradigm shift is underway , regardless of whether educators and publishers embrace it or not .
At one point he said , " right now , we 're pretty much where we were at 10 years ago with cameras and film , " and , given the prevalence of digital photography , the implications were clear .
Still , the change had to start somewhere , and California is a very significant market for educational materials ; its embrace of these changes , even if driven by a financial crisis , may mark a significant turning point .
Listing image by Helen Cook
How far do those room - service masseuses go ?
You ’re away from home on a business trip .
It ’s too early to sleep , so out of a mixture of boredom , curiosity , and horniness , you phone the front desk and summon a masseuse to your room .
The prices are cheap enough , somewhere in the neighborhood of 4,000 yen or so for a 45 - minute session .
Jitsuwa Taiho ( October ) attempts to provide some answers to the oft - asked question of how far those frowsy , middle - aged women who dispense massages at business hotels are willing to go with male customers .
At a hotel in Osaka , the reporter is getting a session from one named Masami .
She ’s 51 , although she looks considerably younger .
He ’s not especially keen on older women , but under the pressure of her gentle fingers , he becomes aroused , to the degree that when he rolls over and faces the ceiling , his erection is unmistakable .
“ Er , by enhancing their blood circulation , do many men get this way ? ” he asks her .
“ Well , sometimes , ” she replies guardedly .
“ I suppose it ca n’t be helped if a man is in good health . ”
“ I guess I ca n’t help myself since you ’re so attractive .
Might I ask you to help me out ? ” he implores her .
“ Sorry , but I ’m not that kind of woman , ” she responds flatly .
And that was that .
Based on a telephone survey of an unspecified number of traveling businessmen who had in the past summoned such women to their room , 51 percent said masseuses only gave straight massages , with no interest in earning extra money on the side .
Of the remainder , 28 percent agreed to dispense hand jobs , 12 percent gave fellatio , and 9 percent were willing to engage in “ honban ” ( go all the way ) .
The reporter relates his experience with a masseuse named Hitomi , age 49 , at a hotel in Kinshicho in eastern Tokyo .
“ Uh - oh , ” she winked at him .
“ Is that thing getting bigger ?
Gee , I seem to have that effect on everybody . . . ”
“ If you ’d like me to give you a hand with my hand , I can do it on a private basis for 5,000 yen , ” she offers .
He agrees , and while she proceeds he begins rubbing her breasts .
Perhaps enjoying his touch , she reciprocates by taking him into her mouth .
It was cheaper than going to a sex shop .
Two months afterward , the reporter met up with Mikiko , a 44 - year - old divorcee , at hotel “ K ” in Tokyo ’s Suidobashi district .
She had attended night school to obtain certification as a licensed masseuse .
Definitely a serious person .
“ I do n’t have much strength in my fingers , so I have to do it harder , ” she said , massaging his back .
Then he turned face up , and as her fingers moved deftly over his body , blood flowed to his nether parts and his “ turtle head ” began poking out from the opening of his yukata .
She feigns an initial show of rejection , but soon recovers , and uses her fingers to bring him to full size .
He slips his hands underneath her uniform and is surprised to find she ’s not wearing panties .
“ It ’s sweaty work you see , ” she explains to him .
The reporter agrees to her fee for a 30 - minute extension , during which he was able to peel her completely and enjoy the ride .
In an interview , a hotel masseuse tells Jitsuwa Taiho , “ If , through your efforts , the man gets aroused , I think you have no choice but to do something for him . ”
Does providing such services turn her on as well ?
Apparently .
“ For women , I suppose we feel the same way men do while watching an actress in an adult video having an orgasm , ” she says .
( K.S. )
Source : “ Bijinesu hoteru no massaji jukujo wa doko made yareru no ka ? ” Jitsuwa Taiho ( October 2008 , pages 70 - 73 )
Since the debut of the first iPod in 2001 , almost every consumer technology company has tried to create an âiPod killerâ to outsell it .
SanDisk is one of those companies with its Sansa line of media players , but founder and CEO Eli Harari has now admitted that the iPod has sovereignty .
The company 's chief appeared to concede defeat on Wednesday , stating at his company 's Milpitas , California headquarters that Apple had effectively secured the market for itself .
â You canât out - iPod the iPod , â Harari said .
The seeming admission came after years of fiercer competition between SanDisk and Apple that culminated in a negative " iDon't " ad campaign : the former actively insulted iPod owners by accusing them of slavishly following trends rather than thinking for themselves .
SanDisk offers several models in its Sansa line , with traits that often correspond with models in Appleâs iPod lineup .
But while SanDisk has had some firsts relative to the iPod , such as the first 8 GB flash player on the market , the Sansa players have lacked companion music store and software to present a formidable challenge to the iPod , not to mention the complete absence of a touchscreen device a year and a half after the debut of the iPod touch .
To date , SanDisk has had such little relative success in unseating Apple that its competition has stemmed from Microsoft , whose Zune line has regularly placed third in the market and has been more likely to steal share from Apple 's competitors than Apple itself .
Get Active
Subscribe
Support Us URL : http://www.mapinc.org/drugnews/v09/n651/a04.html
Newshawk : Dale Gieringer http://www.canorml.org/
Votes : 0
Pubdate : Tue , 23 Jun 2009
Source : Press Democrat , The ( Santa Rosa , CA )
Contact :
Copyright : 2009 The Press Democrat
Website : http://www.pressdemocrat.com/
Details : http://www.mapinc.org/media/348
Author : Glenda Anderson , The Press Democrat
Bookmark : http://www.mapinc.org/find?115 ( Marijuana - California )
POT RAIDS RAMP UP THIS WEEK
UKIAH - State marijuana eradication teams are arriving on the North Coast today , two weeks earlier than usual .
" They 're planting earlier , we might as well get out there and start picking them , " said Special Agent Michelle Gregory , a state Department of Justice spokeswoman .
She said officers in the state 's CAMP , Campaign Against Marijuana Planting , program , today will join pot-fighting efforts in Sonoma and Lake counties and in July in Mendocino County .
The early start is expected to yield yet another record confiscation of pot plants , Gregory said .
Local officials already are reporting higher seizures this year .
" Hopefully , we can get some more grow sites , " she said .
Statewide last year , federal , state and local officers who make up CAMP seized 2.9 million plants worth an estimated $ 11.6 billion .
A separate federal effort last year bumped up the number of plants seized in California to 5.2 million .
The counts do not include local pot eradication efforts conducted during the rest of the year .
Local authorities say they 've already pulled more pot plants from the ground this year than last .
Sonoma County has ripped out almost 40,000 plants so far this year , more than three times as many as at the same time last year , Sheriff 's Sgt. Chris Bertoli said .
Lake and Mendocino counties officials said they believe their figures also are up but no numbers were immediately unavailable .
For three years in a row , CAMP agents have pulled more plants out of Lake County than any other county in the state .
Mendocino County ranked fourth last year and Sonoma County 14th .
The ever increasing numbers have confounded even marijuana advocates .
The price of marijuana has remained stable at about $ 300 an ounce , indicating there 's been little or no change in local supply and demand , said Dale Gieringer , of NORML , the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws .
He said immigration crackdowns along the Mexican border have induced Mexican nationals to grow pot in California for distribution elsewhere in the United States rather than try to smuggle marijuana across the border .
" That 's the only thing that makes sense , " he said .
It 's also what law enforcement officials suspect .
The larger gardens discovered on public lands are cultivated largely by Mexicans , they said .
Gregory said greed is the driving force behind increased cultivation , which also has been facilitated by genetic alterations .
Growers not only have created more potent pot strains but have developed some plants that can withstand colder temperatures , extending the outdoor growing season , Gregory said .
" They have some that grow through the winter , " she said .
" This is not the same marijuana from the '60s and ' 70s . "
Gieringer said rather than spend money to stop marijuana growing , " taxpayers should be making money off of it . "
An April Field Poll indicated a majority of voters think it should be taxed and the money used to balance the state budget .
Assemblyman Tom Ammiano , D - San Francisco , introduced a bill in February that would regulate and tax marijuana , and Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger recently said it 's time to discuss the issue .
MAP posted - by : Richard Lake
Almost all of us have something we dislike about our body - a chubby tummy , crow 's feet or a spot of cellulite .
Often , we magnify and exaggerate these supposed faults in our own minds while our friends see us as perfectly normal - even beautiful .
But in extreme cases it is known as body dysmorphic disorder , a form of crippling distorted self - image that affects one in every 100 women in the UK .
Here , four such women describe how they see themselves .
The photos on the right of each woman have been digitally altered by them to illustrate exactly what they see in the mirror .
RACHEAL BAUGHAN , 27 , from Crawley in Sussex , is an entrepreneur who runs her own modelling agency .
She has written a book , The Butterfly Girl , about her body - image problems .
She says :
Although it is embarrassing letting people know what I see in the mirror , at least it helps to explain what I deal with on a daily basis .
Body fears : Racheal can't see her model - like looks and thinks she is ugly
It was like a form of therapy flipping back and forth between the two pictures of me because I could actually study the difference .
But if I stop and look at the first unaltered picture , I feel repulsed and sick to the stomach .
The way I try to explain it is that while some people have a phobia of spiders , I have a fear of my own face and body .
Every time I see my reflection or a picture of myself I have to catch my breath : I see someone who is different from anyone else I 've ever seen before , like an alien .
In the same way someone who wants a sex change does n't feel like they 're in the right body , I do n't either .
But unlike them , I do n't know what body I should be in .
I see my eyes as bulging , yet somehow also sunken with purple bags underneath .
I hate my nose , and I also think the right - hand side of my face is different to the left .
It makes me uncomfortable if friends even walk on that side of me - I have to switch places .
I see my lips as flat , and the top one does n't match the lower lip .
My neck is too long and makes me feel like a duck , my eyebrows are too high and in my mind 's eye my skin is always covered with acne .
I think that body - image problems have been with me all my life .
Even when I was four years old I was so shy .
I remember being at a party when I was that age and looking around , thinking how I was different from the other children .
' I did n't leave the house and would n't be seen without a veil or a mask '
I thought I did n't deserve to be in the world .
I was bullied at school and had only one friend , who sadly died in a car accident when we were 13 .
I developed obsessive compulsive disorder and used to wash my face 30 times every night and would have to open and close my wardrobe doors ten times .
I also developed an eating disorder .
Although it was obviously to do with my weight , it had more to do with control .
My best friend was gone and my weight was the only thing I could control .
I started to make myself sick .
For seven years , I did n't leave the house and would n't be seen without a veil or a mask .
I even tried to cut the fat off my legs with a knife and I took an overdose when I was 15 .
It was n't until 2004 that my life started to change for the better .
I was promoted to a sales role at the gym where I worked and my mother , without me knowing , entered me for the Miss England contest in an attempt to try to show how others viewed me .
With the support of Mum and my brother , I actually managed to walk on to the stage alongside all the other beautiful girls .
I found it very upsetting , but at the same time I felt like a weight had been lifted .
I 'm not saying I was cured , but it gave me the strength to move forward with my life .
REBECCA OWEN , 42 , is a community support worker from Tadworth , in Surrey .
She has suffered body - image problems for 26 years .
She says :
I struggle to look at both the before and after photographs of myself : I see myself as fat in both images .
But my main focus is my face .
My face does fill out when I am at a healthier weight and I hate it .
Distorted self - image : Skinny Rebecca thinks she looks overweight
I really struggled to pose for the pictures because I never smile in photos as I think it makes my face look even bigger .
The altered image is a good representation of what I think I look like , though .
I see myself like Popeye - bulging muscly arms , broad shoulders and a wide face .
When my boyfriend saw the pictures , he could n't understand why I did n't like the original .
He said it made him realise how ill I really am .
I 've had anorexia since I was 16 , and it manifested itself as body dysmorphic disorder .
I can tell myself that technically I 'm not fat , but when I look in the mirror I can actually see the blobs of fat everywhere - especially on my arms and face - and I feel big and chunky .
I represented the county as a competitive runner until I was 15 , and when I gave that up I became terrified that my muscle would turn to fat .
So I started dieting and exercising .
It quickly spiralled out of control .
' I know my body is emaciated but I still see a fat person in the mirror '
I was first hospitalised for being underweight at 17 .
It kept happening - sometimes for up to three years at a time - until I was 30 .
I nearly died a few times , and survived for quite a few years at around 4 - and - a - half - stone .
I turned a corner in my 30s when I took a job as a community support worker dealing with mental health issues .
It was a real milestone for me , and for the first time I felt I was earning a living and looking after myself .
This year I 've put on half a stone , but I have another half a stone to go before I reach a healthy weight .
I 've also started psychotherapy , which they do n't allow until you 're a healthier weight , to try to uncover the root cause of my body dysmorphic disorder .
I am still plagued by a distorted self - image .
I know that my body is emaciated but I still see a fat person staring back at me in the mirror .
One of my biggest regrets is not having children .
My eating problems made me so ill that my fertility was affected for a long time , plus I 'm 42 now .
But my biggest fear is getting ill again and not coping with a child .
DANIELLE NULTY , 27 , from Suffolk , is a sales representative for a food company .
She says :
Looking at these two photos actually helps .
Seeing the real one of myself shows me that things I see when I look in the mirror , like the oversized nose and long chin , are not really there .
Recovering : Danielle is learning that the hang - ups she has about her face are not how she truly looks
It makes me realise how powerful my body - image problems can be .
It 's strange because I was never brought up to worry about my appearance .
I was a tomboy up until the age of 13 , but then my parents split up and everything changed .
People are quick to blame the separation , but I believe there has to be a propensity within you to body dysmorphia from the start .
I went from not caring about how I looked to layering on camouflage foundation by the time I was 14 .
I used a special product intended for people who are physically scarred , called Dermablend , which I got from a junior make - up artist course .
Applying it became a ritual - I would get up at about 6 am every day to put it on .
The reason was that in the mirror I saw my skin as pale like a corpse and heavily lined .
On very bad days , in my mind my lines became really enhanced so I thought I looked wrinkled and old - even when I was still a teenager .
' In my mind , my skin looked wrinkled and old , even when I was a teenager '
I used to be outgoing but I had become withdrawn and very tearful .
My doctor just put it down to depression and put me on Prozac at 14 .
It made me feel better for a few weeks , but then I just grew worse .
I started to miss a lot of school and would n't go out at all .
I became obsessed with checking myself in the mirror , sometimes hundreds of times a day .
It got so bad that sometimes I really believed I could see the lines deepening as I looked in the mirror .
When I asked Mum if she could see them , too , she told me I did n't have any lines and it made me really angry - nobody can help when you 're in the grip of body dysmorphic disorder .
After that , I was referred to a psychiatrist whom I saw three times a week for clinical depression .
I ended up trying nearly every type of antidepressant .
I was on and off the pills until I was about 18 , but by the time I was 21 I was learning to handle it better .
Finally , at 25 , I was properly diagnosed and given a medication called Cipralex .
I remember telling Mum that it was a ' wonder pill ' as it made my skin look nicer .
I realised then that the defects I 'd seen before were n't so bad .
Some people mistake body dysmorphia for vanity .
But it 's not about wanting to look perfect , just normal so you fit in .
CASSI JONES , 17 , from Carshalton in Surrey , is a fashion student whose problems started when she was bullied about her appearance from the age of 11 .
She says :
I 've never been photogenic and I do n't like the way I look in either of these photographs .
I know the altered picture looks ridiculous , but I think the original photo looks ridiculous , too .
I hate both of them .
Bullied : Cassi was called names at school and has grown up unable to believe she is beautiful
I 'm nervous about explaining what I do n't like about myself because I worry that pointing out the faults will make other people notice them all the more .
The main problem is my face : in my mind , my nose has a bump and turns up at the end like a ski slope .
My lips are too large and I have a pointy chin .
My eyes are too wide apart and I wear a fringe to cover my forehead .
In short , I do n't like the proportion of my facial features .
I see myself as looking like a Picasso painting : my facial features are mixed up and need to be put back together again .
Even having my make - up done in front of a mirror for these photos was an achievement for me .
I was diagnosed with body dysmorphic disorder in 2007 , but I think I had it for a long time before that .
' I see myself as looking like a Picasso painting : my facial features are mixed up '
Up until 11 , I was fine with how I was , then I started being bullied at school .
The other girls used to say I looked like an alien and really hurtful things .
As a result , by the time I was 13 , I was obsessed with mirrors .
I used to pull different faces and scrutinise myself , even eat in front of the mirror , watching myself and how my face looked from different angles .
I 'd become really anxious when I could n't get to a mirror , which was really hard at school .
Sometimes I feel very guilty when I see people who are disabled or who have burns scarring on their face .
But the truth is that on a bad day I think I look much worse than that .
It sounds like I just want attention or that I 'm vain , but it's not that - it 's just the opposite .
Mum 's friends used to say I could be a model , so she does n't understand why I feel like this .
My boyfriend Nick , who 's 18 , and my best friends are the only ones who really understand .
DeJuan Blair Is Ready For Battle
DeJuan Blair Is Ready For Battle by zoner
Pippen Ain’t Easy Mock Draft 1.0
# Team Player P School 1 LA Clippers Blake Griffin PF Oklahoma 2 Memphis Hasheem Thabeet C UConn 3 Oklahoma Cty James Harden SG Arizona St. 4 Sacramento Ricky Rubio PG Spain 5 Washington Jordan Hill PF Arizona 6 Minnesota Tyreke Evans PG / SG Memphis 7 Golden St. Jonny Flynn PG Syracuse 8 New York Stephen Curry SG Davidson 9 Toronto DeMar DeRozan SG USC 10 Milwaukee Brandon Jennings PG USA 11 New Jersey Jeff Teague PG Wake Forest 12 Charlotte Gerald Henderson SG Duke 13 Indiana Tyler Hansbrough PF North Carolina 14 Phoenix James Johnson SF Wake Forest 15 Detroit Eric Maynor PG VCU 16 Chicago DeJuan Blair PF Pittsburgh 17 Philadelphia Jrue Holiday G UCLA 18 * Minnesota Terrence Williams SG / SF Louisville 19 Atlanta BJ Mullens C Ohio State 20 Utah Wayne Ellington SG North Carolina 21 New Orleans Earl Clark SF Louisville 22 Dallas Ty Lawson PG North Carolina 23 * Sacramento Omri Casspi SF Israel 24 Portland DaJuan Summers F Georgetown 25 * Oklahoma Cty Damion James SF Texas 26 * Chicago Chase Budinger G/F Arizona 27 * Memphis Derrick Brown SF Xavier 28 * Minnesota Tyler Smith SF Tennessee 29 LA Lakers Darren Collison PG UCLA 30 Cleveland Taj Gibson PF USC
Check out more mock drafts with :
The Hoop Doctors Mock Draft Database
NBA Mock Draft Database
Walter Football
Libertarians Against Sprawl
A couple of days ago liberal blogger Matthew Yglesias described how zoning laws prohibit mixed - use neighborhoods .
Rather than having neighborhood groceries , bars , and small businesses within easy walking distances of residences , we have a monoculture pattern of development in which homogenous bedroom suburbs are separated by considerable distances from the places we work and shop , and the only way to get from one to the other is by negotiating a series of Checkpoint Charlies at one cloverleaf after another .
“ I really and truly wish libertarians would spend more time working on this kind of issue , ” Yglesias said .
Well , certainly there ’s a highly vocal libertarian contingent ( “ You ’ll take away my car when you pry my cold , dead foot off the gas pedal ” ) that defends sprawl as the result of free market forces , and equates opposition to sprawl and the car culture with statist paternalism .
John Stossel , for example , attacking the “ myth ” that “ urban sprawl is ruining America , ” strongly implied that the current pattern of suburban development reflected the average person ’s preferences , and dismissed opposition to sprawl and suburban monocultures as a movement of elitist social engineers .
And he cited James Kunstler as an example of that breed .
Interestingly , though , a libertarian need go no further than Kunstler ’s book “ The Geography of Nowhere ” to get a clear idea of the role of the state in promoting suburbanization and the car culture .
Kunstler devotes an entire chapter to the role of Robert Moses ’s intergovernmental authorities in the first large - scale experiment with urban freeway systems on Long Island .
Since then , local governments have been almost universally dominated by an unholy alliance of real estate developers and other commercial interests whose agenda centers on building new freeways .
Where I live , the primary responsibility of the Arkansas Third District Congressman is to bring home highway pork .
U.S. Hwy 471 , the “ John Paul Hammerschmidt Expressway , ” is named for our former Congressman ( and its chief landmark , the Bobby Hopper tunnel , honors a former highway commissioner–and before that a Ford dealer –of that name ) .
In a typical election , all the candidates for city council give “ building more roads ” as their top priority –which means building new roads to “ relieve congestion , ” most of it generated by the housing additions and strip malls that sprang up along the last new road they built to “ relieve congestion . ”
You ’d have to be pretty obtuse to miss a central point of Kunstler ’s book : suburbanization and the car culture were central to urban planning in the decades after World War II , and were in fact mandated by the planners .
The typical urban design platte excluded all businesses from residential areas , and mandated large setbacks and enormous front lawns .
An amusing ( if appalling ) illustration of the latter is Georgetown .
The old prewar houses , with their front porches cozily situated fifteen feet or so from the tree - lined sidewalks , were grandfathered in to the post - WWII plattes .
But when a house burned down , a new house built on that lot had to follow the new mandates : so one house on the block was a Brady Bunch - style split - level ranch , set far behind its neighbors , with a front lawn like a golf course .
We see the same pattern endlessly repeated .
Not only is the corner grocery or drug store prohibited in the suburbs , but affordable walkup apartments are also prohibited over downtown businesses .
( Incidentally , Amory Lovins and the other authors of “ Natural Capitalism ” cited a study ’s estimate that reinstating the corner grocer woud by itself reduce gasoline consumption by 6 % . )
An article in The Freeman several years back remarked on the way cities and regulated utilities subsidized outlying development at the expense of the older part of town .
Centrally located residents are charged above cost for electricity and water so that utilities can be extended below cost to new developments , and pay higher sales taxes to subsidize the building of roads to serve the new housing additions .
And libertarians are far from universally being cartoonish defenders of sprawl like Stossel .
For example Michael Lewyn , in “ A Libertarian Smart Growth Agenda , ” advocates an anti-sprawl coalition focused on eliminating government subsidies to the car culture and regulatory impediments to mixed use development .
Fighting sprawl is n’t a matter of imposing new government mandates .
It ’s a matter of scaling back existing restrictions on mixed use development , and prying the mouths of the real estate industry and the automobile - highway complex off the taxpayer teat .
It ’s not clear that can be done without abolishing government completely .
Pixelformer is a bitmap editor , specifically optimized for creating , modifying , and converting small and medium - sized images , such as icons , buttons , web graphics , sprites , etc .
Pixelformer is faster , smaller , easier , more precise , and often more efficient than large bitmap editing tools ; at the same time it is more powerful and less limited than classic simple icon editors .
So you need to create , edit , crop , resize , or convert icons or other small images ?
Pixelformer can help .
Even if you prefer a sophisticated high - end image editor for creating graphics , Pixelformer would be a useful tool for doing fast edits , final tweaks , conversions , and optimizations .
click to enlarge ...
The main features of Pixelformer are :
• no restrictive limits for image dimensions
• support for different color depths up to 32 - bit RGB with alpha channel
• semi-transparent colors
• multiple layer support
• free - form masking
• in - place supersampling
• lossless target color depth switching
• independent access to color and alpha channels
• support for multiresolution icons
• dynamic palette generation
• multiple file format support
• icon extraction capability
• PNG size optimization
• Vista icon optimization
• alpha premultiplication
• deep undo buffer
No restrictive limits for image dimensions
Pixelformer does not limit you to icon-specific image sizes .
Practically , this means that you generally would not need any additional software while making , say , an icon from a multi-megapixel photo .
Or you can actually edit large images when a more appropriate tool is not available .
Support for different color depths up to 32 - bit RGB with alpha channel
When using Pixelformer , you can always work in the 32 - bit RGBA color space .
If you need another format , just specify the output color depth ( from 1 bpp ( monochrome ) to 32 bpp ( RGB with alpha channel ) ) , and Pixelformer will generate the required bitmap .
Even some uncommon formats are supported , like 16 - bit BMP , or 24 - bit PNG with transparency , or grayscale PNG with alpha .
Semi-transparent colors
In addition to semi- transparent layers and soft - drawing tools , Pixelformer allows you to use semi-transparent ( translucent ) colors , offering more control over transparency effects .
click to enlarge ...
Multiple layer support
Any image in a Pixelformer project can be composed of an unlimited number of layers .
The layering greatly simplifies working with complex images .
Free - form masking
Using the selection tools available in Pixelformer , you can create a region of any arbitrary form and use it for constraining the drawing operations or for manipulating specific pixels .
In - place supersampling
With Pixelformer , you can draw at a much higher resolution than that of the output image - the drawing will be instantly resampled and mapped to the output .
This method combines the benefits of raster and vector graphics and gives you antialiased but still editable image , which can never be produced by classic 1:1 bitmap editors .
Supersampling also helps to make icons from images by simplifying separation of objects from background and retaining a possibility to refine the result and align it to pixel grid .
Lossless target color depth switching
Unlike a conventional bitmap editor , Pixelformer virtualizes the image color space ( the working space is always 32 - bit RGBA ) .
As a result , changing the color depth of output bitmaps is very easy and non-destructive .
Independent access to color and alpha channels
Using Pixelformer , you can independently view and edit color and alpha channels of your images ; this feature may be useful for fixing edge artifacts in imported icons , or for creating unusual blending effects .
Support for multiresolution icons
Ability to handle multiple sizes , resolutions , and color depths of the same image is essential for a true icon editor or converter .
Pixelformer allows you to work with multiple image formats within a single workspace and then pack them into a single ICO file .
Dynamic palette generation
Pixelformer frees you from having to worry about color palettes for non-truecolor images - highly optimized ones can be automatically generated in real time .
Multiple file format support
At the moment , Pixelformer is able to import BMP , PNG , ICO , CUR , JPEG / JPG , TGA , and PSD image files , as well as EXE , DLL , or ICL multiple image containers ; BMP , PNG , ICO , and TGA file formats are available for export .
You can freely convert images between these formats .
Icon extraction capability
Pixelformer can extract icons , cursors , and bitmaps from executable files and ICL icon libraries .
PNG size optimization
Pixelformer includes a PNG optimizer , which finds optimal PNG compressor parameters during export , and thus losslessly minimizes size of PNG image files .
click to enlarge ...
Vista icon optimization
Large subimages in Windows 7 and Windows Vista icons can be PNG - compressed ; the PNG optimizing engine is able to process them , reducing the corresponding ICO file sizes .
click to enlarge ...
Alpha premultiplication
When necessary , images containing an alpha channel can be exported from Pixelformer with premultiplied alpha .
click to enlarge ...
Deep undo buffer
Pixelformer efficiently compresses undo data , keeping a long history of operations while maintaining a low memory footprint .
Back to the top of page ...
The GOP's ' Era of Apologizing ' Republican National Chairman Michael Steele says " the era of apologizing for Republican mistakes of the past is now officially over . "
But that must have been a very brief “ era , ” since it ’s hard to remember any significant mistakes that the GOP has owned up to – except perhaps that George W. Bush was n’t right - wing enough .
Email
Printer friendly Instead , leading Republicans – and right - wing pundits – have engaged in a steady campaign of defending almost every controversial action of the Bush years , including torture of detainees , a war of aggression in Iraq , disregard of constitutional rights , failure to address global warming , massive tax cuts for the rich , the absence of financial regulation , etc. , etc .
Nor has the Republican Party apologized for its ugly chip - on - the - shoulder tone and divisive tactics .
It continues to exploit “ wedge issues ” designed to split the nation , now focusing on “ gay marriage ” as the party earlier relied on the “ Southern strategy ” to attract white voters upset about civil rights for blacks .
The GOP also wo n’t stop its extreme rhetoric .
Its national committee even contemplated demanding that the Democratic Party change its name to the “ Democrat Socialist Party ” – though the idea was ultimately rejected .
In recent weeks , a GOP governor in Texas mused about secession and pro-Republican hosts at Fox News bantered about armed insurrection .
One such host , Glenn Beck , has accused the Obama administration of engaging in “ progressive fascism ” because of its efforts to restructure and save the U.S. auto industry .
The only noticeable “ apologizing ” on the Republican side has been about Bush violating conservative precepts against government spending and federal debt , although the GOP enthusiastically supports higher military spending and rejects any tax increase that might reduce the ballooning deficit .
Instead of an “ era of apologizing , ” most Americans have witnessed continuation of the long era of the unapologetic Republican , now epitomized by former Vice President Dick Cheney who is on a speaking tour defending every excess of Bush ’s “ war on terror . "
In Cheney ’s May 21 speech to the neoconservative American Enterprise Institute , he also deployed the same sneering tone – common to the modern Republican – in demeaning critics , including President Barack Obama , along the lines of the old right - wing caricature of liberals as “ blame - America - firsters . ”
Cheney derided the common - sense claim made by Obama and many other Americans ( including senior military commanders ) that the images of the Guantanamo Bay prison and the mistreatment of “ war on terror ” suspects have helped al - Qaeda and other extremist groups recruit more terrorists :
“ This recruitment - tool theory has become something of a mantra lately , including from the President himself .
And after a familiar fashion , it excuses the violent and blames America for the evil that others do .
It 's another version of that same old refrain from the Left .
We brought it on ourselves . ”
Nixon ’s Legacy Cheney ’s intolerant tone , of course , is nothing new to Americans who lived through the eight years of the Bush administration – or for that matter who have listened to Republican rhetoric dating back at least to Richard Nixon , whose Vice President Spiro Agnew dismissed Vietnam War critics as “ nattering nabobs of negativism ” while Nixon called anti-war students “ bums . ”
The Watergate political spying scandal – and the resignations of Agnew and Nixon – offered the Republicans a chance to change course .
They could have repudiated Nixon ’s imperial theories and his belligerent style .
They could have committed themselves to traditional American constitutional principles and begun treating adversaries with respect .
However , by the late 1970s , with the enlistment of the clever neoconservatives and the launching of a right - wing media infrastructure to wage a “ war of ideas , ” the Republicans opted for a different lesson from the Watergate scandal : make sure you have the capability to cover up .
For the last three decades , the Republicans , the neocons and their right - wing media allies have run roughshod over the American political system .
They did virtually whatever they wanted , ignoring laws ( e.g. the Iran - Contra scandal ) ; flooding the public with propaganda ( what they called “ perception management ” ) ; running dirty political campaigns ( see Lee Atwater , 1988 ) ; engaging in sleazy scandal - mongering ( hounding Bill Clinton in the 1990s ) ; getting away with election theft ( Bush v. Gore , 2000 ) ; spreading fear ( post - 9/11 rhetoric ) ; restoring the Imperial Presidency ( George W. Bush ’s secret legal theories ) ; plotting for a one - party state ( Karl Rove ’s “ permanent Republican majority ” ) ; and more .
Dick Cheney , whose career spanned nearly the entirety of this modern GOP , is now mounting a vigorous defense of these Republican tendencies , essentially advocating the replacement of a constitutional Republic ( founded on the principles of individual liberties and the rule of law ) with a national security state based on fear , smears and a selective rendering of history .
His May 21 speech , which directly followed an address on terrorism by President Obama , was a classic in the genre of presenting your opponents as cowardly buffoons and ignoring all evidence of your own mistakes .
For instance , when Cheney ’s referred to al - Qaeda and A.Q. Khan , the Pakistan nuclear physicist credited with building the “ Islamic bomb , ” Cheney might have noted that he was part of the Republican leadership in the 1980s that turned a blind eye to Khan ’s nuclear work in exchange for Pakistan ’s cooperation in shipping U.S. weapons to Islamic extremists in Afghanistan , including a young Osama bin Laden .
Cheney might have cited how his own excessive concern about what was then a rapidly deteriorating Soviet Union helped create the danger of al - Qaeda terrorism , which is made dramatically worse by the existence of a nuclear arsenal in Pakistan .
In referring to Saddam Hussein , Cheney could have noted how Republican icon Ronald Reagan funneled covert support to the Iraqi strongman – including precursor materials for chemical and biological warfare – in another misguided American intrusion into Middle Eastern affairs .
Or when Cheney talked about people “ with known ties to Mideast terrorists , ” he might have noted how the Reagan administration conspired with terrorist elements in Lebanon and shipped missiles to Iran – then deemed a terrorist state – or how U.S. governments have long supported right - wing terrorists operating across Latin America .
[ See Secrecy & Privilege . ]
Cheney also might have acknowledged how George W. Bush and his top aides pooh - poohed warnings from the Clinton administration and from the CIA about the threat from al - Qaeda in the months leading up to 9/11 .
Times Bashing
When Cheney bashed the New York Times for exposing the warrantless wiretap program in December 2005 , he again demonstrated how imbalanced and unfair his complaints could be .
He accused the Times of “ publishing secrets in a way that could only help al - Qaeda , ” and added : “ It impressed the Pulitzer committee , but it damn sure did n’t serve the interests of our country or the safety of our people . ”
Though it ’s still a cheap applause line on the Right to kick the New York Times , Cheney was unfair to suggest that the warrantless wiretap story was illegitimate .
By any standards , it raised important legal and constitutional questions -- even within Bush 's own Justice Department .
Plus , the Bush administration never presented a plausible explanation for why the Times ’ sketchy account of the program was harmful to national security , since al - Qaeda operatives were surely aware that their communications were the target of U.S. intelligence .
Besides that , Cheney did n’t mention how much assistance the New York Times had given to the Bush administration for its war policies .
In 2002 , Cheney favorably cited the Times ' bogus story about Iraq importing aluminum tubes for nuclear centrifuges , a tale that helped sell the case for the invasion .
Nor did Cheney note how the Times had suppressed the wiretap story for more than a year at the administration ’s behest .
Even on the morning of Cheney ’s speech , the Times was hyping a dubious report from the Bush administration ’s Defense Department about how one in seven released Guantanamo prisoners supposedly “ returned ” to terrorist activities .
Cheney approvingly cited the leak but not the newspaper that published it .
[ See Consortiumnews.com ’s “ NYT Helps the Bushies , Again . ” ]
But Cheney , the neocons and their right - wing cohorts have never been about making a full and fair presentation of the facts to the American people .
They have been about manipulating the American people with selective information mixed with combinations of fear and tough talk .
Mocking Legal Principles
For Cheney and similar authoritarians , American principles of justice are not something to have pride in , but rather silly inconveniences that only effete and foolish liberals would care about .
For instance , in his speech , Cheney made this comment about the alleged 9/11 mastermind : “ Maybe you 've heard that when we captured Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , he said he would talk as soon as he got to New York City and saw his lawyer .
But like many critics of interrogations , he clearly misunderstood the business at hand . ”
Instead of being afforded basic legal rights or even humane treatment , “ KSM ” was subjected to forced nudity , long periods of sleep deprivation , painful stress positions and the near - drowning of waterboarding at least 183 times .
According to the International Committee of the Red Cross and every other objective observer , he was tortured .
However , in Cheney ’s world – where information is selective , principles are a la carte , and words are malleable – the treatment of KSM and other “ high - value detainees ” was n’t “ torture . ”
“ Torture was never permitted , ” Cheney said .
“ And the methods were given careful legal review before they were approved .
Interrogators had authoritative guidance on the line between toughness and torture , and they knew to stay on the right side of it . ”
Cheney went on to accuse the administration ’s critics of “ feigned outrage based on a false narrative ” about torture , adding : “ Intelligence officers of the United States were not trying to rough up some terrorists simply to avenge the dead of 9/11 . …
But in the fight against terrorism , there is no middle ground , and half - measures keep you half - exposed . ”
In other words , Cheney is advocating an anything - goes mentality that appeals to some fearful Americans who put their personal safety ahead of everything else , but Cheney ’s viewpoint understandably alarms many others who believe that terrorism can be combated without throwing away more than two centuries of U.S. legal traditions .
Those Americans include many traditional conservatives , like former Reagan administration lawyer Bruce Fein , who said recently : “ Part of being a Republic is to accept some risk . …
When we try to eliminate all risk then we end up losing the Republic . ”
Yet , instead of taking pride in the fact that even a brutal enemy like KSM expected legal and humane treatment from his American captors , Cheney spit out the words about KSM wanting a lawyer like a punch line from one of Clint Eastwood ’s “ Dirty Harry ” movies .
Cheney ’s word games , elastic principles and extremism also do n’t stand alone .
Those attitudes have become central to the modern Republican Party , where you can find dozens of leaders over the past few decades who have demonstrated a similar contempt for the underpinnings of a democratic Republic , one that is founded on the rule of law and respect for human rights .
There is a lot for the GOP to apologize for – and contrary to Michael Steele ’s comment , the era of Republican apologizing is not over .
Indeed it has not begun .
Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Neck Deep : The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush , was written with two of his sons , Sam and Nat , and can be ordered at neckdeepbook.com .
His two previous books , Secrecy & Privilege : The Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq and Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth ' are also available there .
Or go to Amazon.com .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
Strawberries and Dumplings
Adapted wildly from Gourmet
Being difficult — er , being “ me ” — I changed a whole lot of things about the original recipe .
It sounded like it would be way too sweet , especially for my market - fresh peak - season berries , and boy , am I glad I dialed back the sugar by almost two - thirds because it needs nothing more .
I added lemon juice , because it makes strawberries sing .
And then , because I already knew that the dumpling recipe I ’d used previously was perfect in every way — less wet and using less baking powder than the Gourmet version — I decided to not fix what was n’t broken .
The end result ?
A hole in one recipe , and an awesome weekday night treat .
Or maybe breakfast , when I come at it with some Greek yogurt tomorrow morning .
Gah , is it tomorrow yet ?
Serves 6 , in theory
1 quart ( about 2 pints or 4 cups or 1.25 pounds or just shy of 600 grams ) strawberries , trimmed and thickly sliced ( about 4 cups )
1/4 cup sugar ( though I might try this with brown sugar next time , just to up the cozy quotient )
Juice of half a lemon
1 cup unbleached all - purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
Pinch of salt
1/2 cup whole milk
2 tablespoons unsalted butter
Accompaniment : Heavy cream
Stir together strawberries , sugar and lemon in a 4 - quart heavy saucepan and let stand , stirring occasionally , until juicy , about 15 minutes .
Bring to a simmer over medium heat , stirring occasionally .
Stir the flour , baking powder , and salt together .
Heat the milk and butter together just until the butter melts .
Stir this warmed milk mixture into the flour mixture with a wooden spoon until incorporated and smooth .
Gather a golf - ball - sized portion of the dumpling batter onto a small spoon , then push the dumpling onto the stew using a second spoon .
( I used a small cookie scoop for this — a # 70 .
It made 16 dumplings .
Yes , I counted because someone always asks these things ! )
Cover the fruit with the dumplings , leaving about 1/4 inch between each .
Tightly cover saucepan and reduce heat to low .
Cook , undisturbed , until dumpling looks dry on top , 15 to 18 minutes ; the dumplings will have doubled in size .
Let stand off heat , uncovered , five minutes , then drizzle with heavy cream right before serving .
This dish definitely tastes best freshly made , as the dumplings do dry out a bit by the second .
But then it starts to taste like a cobbler , and really , who is going to complain about that ?
Do More : Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
Print
Email
AIG Exec Called to Congress to Answer for Handling of War - Injured Contractor Claims Disabled workers say insurance giant still owes thousands in unpaid expenses .
June 18 , 2009  --
Two civilian contractors who have accused AIG of making their recoveries from war - related injuries a " living nightmare " will have the opportunity to come face - to - face with company executives at a hearing today before the House oversight subcommittee on domestic policy .
Former KBR truck drivers John Woodson and Kevin Smith were called to testify after coming forward on 20/20 and Good Morning America to describe their battle to get AIG to cover basic medical treatment after they were seriously injured in Iraqi insurgent attacks .
Their stories were featured in a joint investigation between ABC News , the Los Angeles Times and the non-profit group ProPublica that revealed how AIG had engaged in a pattern of " delaying and denying " claims of disabled contractors while rewarding its executives with millions in bonuses , and hundreds of the thousands of dollars in lavish retreats .
Click here to see pictures of the people fighting AIG .
Kristian Moor , the president of AIG 's massive insurance operation , AIU Holdings , is expected to receive tough questions about the company 's handling of the contractors claims .
He is expected to appear with assistance of the company 's Chief Claims Officer , Charles Schader .
" They have cheated the people who have been injured , " said Woodson , who lost his left leg below the knee and most of his eyesight in a roadside bomb blast in Iraq .
" Just a blatant disregard for a human being , no compassion at all for what we 're going through . "
Woodson had to fight for months to get AIG to provide him with an improved prosthetic and wheelchair ordered by his doctor .
His case has now been turned over to the Department of Labor , which oversees the program , but he says that AIG still owes him thousands of dollars in unreimbursed expenses .
Kevin Smith has been waiting for nearly six months for AIG to approve a course of treatment for his post - traumatic stress disorder , even though a judge ruled that the insurance giant was responsible for covering those costs last December .
He says that AIGs refusal to approve treatments and fully pay his doctors bills have dragged out his recovery and strained his family 's finances .
Contractors Working Overseas
" No matter how hard we try , we can't move forward , " said Smith , who was severely injured in the leg five years ago .
" We 're stuck spinning our wheels trying to make ends meet . "
AIG declined to comment on Woodson and Smith 's cases .
Injured contractors who worked overseas are entitled to medical and disability benefits under a federal law called the Defense Base Act .
Under the program , AIG has handled 36,000 since 2002 , about 90 percent of all claims .
The Labor Department claims that the law does not provide it with much enforcement authority to hold AIG accountable , though attorneys for the injured contractors point out that the department can impose civil fines on insurance carriers for late payments to contractors , like the expenses Woodson and Smith say they are still owed .
It is a power the DOL has used only " sparingly , " according to a memo prepared by congressional staffers for today 's hearing .
AIG told the committee that it has only been fined 50 times for delaying payments to injured contractors over the past seven years .
The deputy secretary of the Department of Labor , Seth Harris , is also scheduled to testify .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
Numerama a pu prendre connaissance des cahier des clauses administratives particulières ( CCAP ) et cahier des clauses techniques particulières ( CCTP ) , transmis par le ministère de la Culture aux entreprises candidates à la mise en oeuvre du système d'information de l'HADOPI .
Il nous en apprend plus sur le fonctionnement de la riposte graduée , et notamment qu'elle visera en priorité les internautes qui présentent le plus fort risque de récidive .
Le gouvernement veut aller au plus vite dans la mise en œuvre de l’Hadopi .
Sans attendre que la loi Création et Internet soit adoptée , le ministère de la Culture a lancé en début d’année son appel d’offres et transmis aux différents prestataires candidats au marché public de l’Hadopi les documents contractuels qui fixent le cadre technique et administratif du fonctionnement de la Haute Autorité .
Ils prévoyaient la notification du marché au 5 juin 2009 , et la mise en œuvre d’un premier prototype de la riposte graduée dès le 1er juillet .
Numerama a ainsi pris connaissance , et publie aujourd ’hui l’intégralité du cahier des clauses administratives particulières ( CCAP , .pdf ) et du cahier des clauses techniques particulières ( CCTP , .pdf ) portant sur « l’acquisition d’un prototype de gestion de la mission de protection des œuvres et objets auxquels est attaché un droit d’auteur ou un droit voisin « .
Les versions de ces documents ont été réalisées début avril , sur la base du texte sorti en commission mixte paritaire , avant qu’il soit finalement rejeté par les députés en première lecture .
Le texte issu de la seconde lecture étant toutefois extrêmement proche de la version de la CMP , on peut considérer ces documents comme les versions quasi définitives .
La vitesse de mise en œuvre comme premier critère d’octroi du marché public
Selon le calendrier prévisionnel fixé , qui tablait sur une promulgation de la loi courant mai ( ça sera plutôt courant juin ) , il est prévu que la riposte graduée soit mise en œuvre dès après l’adoption de la loi , avec un calendrier qui échelonnait les étapes du 5 juin ( date de notification du marché ) au 31 mars 2010 ( date où l’ensemble de l’architecture technique de l’Hadopi devait ê tre terminée ) .
Au départ , l’Hadopi n’enverra que des recommandations écrites , par e-mail , à raison de 100 infractions traitées par jour .
Puis lorsque les traitements seront totalement automatisés ( en principe en septembre ) , l’Hadopi passera à un rythme de 1000 traitements quotidiens , puis 10.000 lorsque le prototype sera finalisé , en 2010 .
Il est toutefois laissé aux candidats la possibilité de proposer un autre calendrier , le CCTP précisant que « les offres seront appréciées au regard de la proximité du calendrier proposé par rapport au calendrier cible « .
Pas d’inquiétude sur les moyens ; ce que le ministère veut , le ministère peut y mettre l’argent qu’il faut .
«
Il n’y a pas de montant minimum ni maximum au présent marché « , prévient en effet le CCAP .
Ca n’est donc pas à qui proposera le moins cher , mais à qui s’engagera à aller le plus vite .
Gare cependant aux candidats .
Il faudra avoir des nerfs solides .
La phase de bêta - test durera seulement deux semaines avant la mise en œuvre des premiers avertissements , et les bugs bloquants devront être corrigés en une journée , sous peine de sanction .
Et puis « le titulaire a une obligation de résultat « , prévient le CCAP .
«
Il reconnaît avoir été informé du caractère stratégique de la mise en œuvre de l’outil et des graves conséquences qu’auraient pour HADOPI une mauvaise qualité des prestations réalisées par le titulaire telles que notamment le non-respect des délais d’exécution , ou des niveaux de performances , d’existence de failles de sécurité ou une indisponibilité totale voire partielle de l’outil « .
Le prestataire endosse toute la responsabilité en cas de problème , et indemnisera l’Hadopi s’il y a des retards ou des malfaçons .
Il est aussi prévenu , dans le CCTP , qu ’ « étant donné le caractère politique du projet , le niveau de sécurité doit ê tre optimisé « .
Vers un ciblage des personnes à condamner
Bien que ces documents ont valeur contractuelle pour le prestataire qui les signe et s’engage sur le résultat , beaucoup de points restent encore flous .
Le ministère demande aux prestataires le maximum de souplesse et la possibilité de paramétrer les outils pour s’adapter aux précisions qui seront faites par les décrets .
Le flou est en particulier entretenu sur deux points : l’échantillonnage et les réitérations .
L’échantillonnage , c’est la possibilité laissée à l ’Hadopi de ne traiter qu’une partie seulement des saisines envoyées par les ayants droit , en choisissant celles des requêtes qui lui semblent prioritaires .
Le CCTP explique ainsi que « l’échantillonnage est basé sur un algorithme piloté par l’HADOPI et régulièrement mis à jour « , et qu’il « devra ê tre suffisamment souple pour prendre en compte des nouveaux paramètres « .
En principe , faire partie des 100 élus qui seront pris chaque jour par l’Hadopi donne autant de chances d’être repéré par la patrouille que de gagner au loto .
Mais par des méthodes statistiques dont on ne sait pour le moment rien , le ministère souhaite viser en priorité celles des adresses IP qui ont les plus fortes probabilité de récidive .
En effet , l’algorithme d’échantillonnage de l’Hadopi devra « permettre d’identifier les adresses IP ayant de grandes chances de correspondre à des réitérations sur les 7 derniers jours de recueil de saisines « .
Sauf à comparer chaque saisine avec l’ensemble des adresses IP référencées jusque là , on ne voit pas comment un tel algorithme peut fonctionner .
Mais c’est un autre chapitre qui nous donne , peut - être ( ça n’est pas explicite ) , un élément de réponse .
Au chapitre du « module d’exploitation et des statistiques » , il est en effet prévu que l’Hadopi puisse extraire des données statistiques d’une grande précision , notamment … géographiques !
«
Afin de faciliter l’extraction , une recherche multicritère permettant de filtrer les données sera prévue ( ex. plaque ADSL , département , fournisseur d’accès , type d’œuvre , nom de l’agent de la Haute Autorité , période du traitement , récidive O/N , … ) « , prévoit ainsi le cahier des charges .
On peut dès lors imaginer que les adresses IP des saisines seront géolocalisées , et que pour les besoins de son échantillonnage , l ’Hadopi décide de concentrer ses sanctions , au hasard , sur les abonnés de Seine - Saint - Denis plutot que ceux de Neuilly - Sur - Seine .
L’arbitraire codé dans le cahier des charges
Les CCAP et CCTP ne font pas non plus la lumière sur les critères qui conduiront l’Hadopi à décider en cas de récidive ( ou de « réitération ») d’envoyer à nouveau un e-mail , une nouvelle lettre recommandée ou cette fois de sanctionner .
Il est seulement indiqué qu’afin « de définir au mieux les actions à mener en cas de manquement d’un titulaire d’abonnement , une étude des réitérations est menée de manière à faire ressortir pour chaque titulaire d’abonnement les éléments suivants :
Etape du manquement ( 1er , 2ème , 3ème , …) ;
Type d’actions ou de sanctions prises précédemment par la Haute Autorité :
Intervalle de temps entre chaque manquement ; et Type d’œuvres concernées « .
C’est un décret qui fixera le délai entre deux constats à partir duquel l’HAdopi pourra considérer qu’il y a récidive .
Mais en quoi savoir le « type d’œuvres concernées » par les précédents avertissements aide - t - il à définir s’il y a récidive et s’il y a lieu à sanction ?
La loi ne fait pas de distinction sur ce point , mais l’Hadopi en fera .
Y aura - t - il un traitement de faveur pour telle ou telle famille d’ayants droit ?
Enfin , les documents du marché public ne font pas non plus la lumière sur les voies de recours offertes aux internautes sanctionnés .
Il est bien prévu que l’on puisse exercer un recours par voie électronique grâce à un formulaire dédié aux observations , ou par voie postale .
Il est aussi précisé que ce recours peut conduire à informer les FAI de l’obligation de remettre immédiatement en route un abonnement qui avait été suspendu .
Mais on n’en saura pas plus .
Il est en revanche bien indiqué que « dans le cas où un titulaire d’abonnement présente des observations avant le stade de la sanction , il est envisagé qu’un courrier contre signature lui soit envoyé afin de l’informer que les observations qu’il formulerait ne seront pris en considération qu’au stade de la sanction « .
La missive ne sera pas envoyée à la poubelle , mais elle ne sera pas lue , et archivée pour le cas où .
I have always planned to write a Production Advice post about how to achieve clean , powerful , natural - sounding bass in your mix .
This is not that post .
This is a post to give you ideas on how to achieve monstrous , un-natural , trouser - wobbling bass like the band Pendulum – bass that goes against nature and puts you in fear of your life , bass that endangers the structural stability of your home and gently eases the fillings from your teeth . (*)
(*)
Some of these claims may be slightly over the top .
[ Edit – This is another old post , but is still one of the most popular I ’ve ever written .
If you ’ve already seen it , apologies – if not , I hope you like it ! ]
It was inspired by a question posed a couple of days ago on Twitter by @JCLemay :
Pendulum – “ Showdown ” how do they get such electrical energy ( hear the lows ) and massive sound ?
And I thought – “ I can answer that ” – after all , Pendulum use exactly the same formula to achieve this result on every one of their tracks .
Rather than a sequence of tweets or an email to answer JC ’s question , I decided to put my suggestions up here for him – and you .
So , without further ado :
How to get insane , enormous quantities of deep bass into your mix
Lets start with the bleedin’ obvious :
It ’s a synth
I know , it ’s hardly an earth - shattering insight , but it needs to be said .
The trademark Pendulum bass sound is a synth , not a real instrument .
There are real bass guitar sounds in Pendulum ’s mix , but they are n’t the reason the neighbours are calling the police .
The subsonic foundation that is Pendulum ’s trademark is a synth sound – and by the sound of it , it ’s exactly the same on every track .
It ’s a very pure and sine -y , with very few high harmonics , often just the root and an octave above – I ’ll come back to this later .
The kick does n’t kick – much
In contrast to the bass synth sound , which is huge , the kick is quite restrained – not that loud in the mix ( compared with the snare , say ) and with a very focused , punchy sound – much more energy in the 80 - 100 Hz region than the 50 - 60 Hz area .
This is a technique The Prodigy also use .
The relatively dry kick sound does n’t really matter – the bass line fits closely with it rhythmically and adds it ’s subsonics to the drum sound , rather than fighting it .
There ’s nothing else down there
Try this – add a low - cut filter over a Pendulum mix , at about 80 Hz .
All that amazing , deep bass will disappear , as you might expect – but almost nothing else will be affected .
This is a fairly extreme example of the technique of “ frequency sculpting ” – restricting instruments to specific frequency ranges to avoid them getting in each other ’s way .
Often this is used as a way to make a confused arrangement work , but in the case of Pendulum , it ’s a fundamental aspect of the mix .
Just listen to any of the sections where the bass and drums drop out – there ’s no bass in any of the other instruments , especially not down below 80 Hz or so .
This gives the bass and kick freedom to completely dominate the bottom end .
“ Ambush ” dynamics
While we ’re listening to the sections where the bass and drums are n’t in the mix , it ’s worth commenting on another aspect of the arrangements .
The bass and drums are LOUD in the mix .
In “ Showdown ” , when they pile in the overall level of the track lifts by a hefty 3 dB RMS .
They even use a quieter bass line to start with to add to the effect .
Which means , if you ’ve put the CD on , adjusted the volume to a good healthy level and sat back down , when the bass and drums eventually cut in , they ’ll knock you straight back out of your chair again .
This “ ambush ” effect is added to by the bass - light aspect of the other instruments – our ears get used to the mix and accept it as reasonably balanced … and then the bass arrives .
Often this kind of strategy might lead to a muddy , confused effect , but the fact that the bass sound is very pure , without many high harmonics , means that it does n’t interfere with anything else in the mix , and vice versa .
Parallel parts , or doubling
Pure , sine - wave bass sounds have a disadvantage though – they do n’t have much attack or clarity , and they do n’t come across well on smaller speakers .
Pendulum deal with this by almost always having the bass - line doubling with another instrument – either a real bass , or a high , cutting synth sound .
This gives clues to our ears about what the bass is playing on small speakers , and ( along with the kick ) adds an impression of attack and impact to the soft , subby bass sound .
Finally , the fact that the bass parts are doubled in higher octaves gives a great depth and richness to the sound .
This is n’t a new idea , though – classical composer Ralph Vaughan Williams uses the same technique in his string arrangements .
Doubling in octaves creates lush , spacious textures without cluttering up the sound – many metal groups do the same with guitar parts .
Sequenced precision
Another thing to notice about the bass part is the incredible precision of it ’s notes – unlike a real guitar where the sustain decays throughout the note , the synth maintains a constant level through each one , and ends at just the right moment to give a little air before the next note .
These carefully judged , seqeunced gaps in the sound add to the impact .
Heavy compression
Let ’s face it – Pendulum is loud .
It ’s highly compressed , with a dynamic range of less than 6 dB when going full tilt .
My guess is this is achieved with some multi-band compression at some point , probably in the mastering , and this coupled with the careful arrangement and mix decisions allows the bass to be even more consistent and powerful , without causing pumping or distortion ( most of the time ) .
So , what are you waiting for ?
That should give you some pointers towards achieving the “ Pendulum ” bass sound – my questions is , do you really want to ?
It ’s not a natural sound by any means – the sequenced synth bass gives a very controlled , electronic , almost robotic feel – and to me , the surgical frequency sculpting sounds very clinical and stylised .
It ’s a highly distinctive sound , and the danger of copying something this specialised is that you end up just sounding like a bad parody .
Of course you do n’t have to use them all at once the way Pendulum do , though – in fact , any of these techniques can be used on it ’s own in a more “ normal ” mix with great success .
Listen to the last chorus of U2’s Beautiful Day , for example – there ’s an extra subby bass synth added in there an octave below the normal bassline to give everything a little extra lift at just the right moment .
Proceed with caution though – adding deep bass like this can be risky if your speakers can’t reproduce it well enough for you to hear what ’s going on .
And when the neighbours come knocking , do n’t blame me .
PS .
I mentioned multiband compression above – this can be an invaluable tool for getting loud , punchy mixes without crushing the life out of your mix – to find out more , click here .
Email List
To be placed on the official mailing list for jimwoodring.com and receive infrequent issues of “ The Woodring Revelator , ” please send requests to madamew ( at ) gmail.com
Image Credit : LDProd/ iStock / Getty Images
" ANSWER THE PHOOONE , " nags that needling , nasal voice — over and over — as your iPhone vibrates in your hand .
It might not be the classiest ringtone , but it beats the mind - numbing uniformity of Apple 's built - in sonic signals — indistinguishable from every other iPhone on the planet .
Even if you do n't consider your tone a profound personal statement , you might still crave a sound that sets your phone apart from the crowd .
Replacing the iPhone 's default ringtones and alert sounds is not terribly complex ; you need only a few minutes with iTunes .
It 's equally easy to set up individual ringtones to identify the important people in your life .
Getting Started
While Apple lets you purchase professionally produced musical ringtones and alerts in the iTunes Store , mostly for $ 1.29 , you can create and install a tone from any song you own , completely free .
A 30 - second slice of music or voice memo from your iTunes collection , or an audio signal from an independent app , is all you need to create and assign original tones .
You can buy iPhone ringtones and system alerts .
directly from your phone .
Image Credit : Dove
Before getting started , be aware of these details :
If you use your own music , make sure you own it .
DRM protected music will not work for ringtones .
Also make sure your track is actually stored on your computer — not in the cloud .
Ringtones begin life in AAC format , so if your music is encoded any other way , you 'll have to convert it .
Roll Your Own Ringtone With iTunes
Launch iTunes and choose a song or voice memo you want to use from the My Music tab .
Pick a song you want as a ringtone .
Image Credit : Dove
Right - click on the selection and choose Get Info to open the song 's dialog box , and then click the Options tab .
Fill in the Start and Stop checkboxes to define the times that you want the ringtone to begin and end .
Do not exceed 30 seconds .
Then click OK .
Your tone cannot exceed 30 seconds .
Image Credit : dove
Go back to the iTunes menu and right - click the song again .
This time , chose Create AAC Version .
This gives you a copy of the song that you will use to create the ringtone .
You can rename the new version if you want .
Make a copy of the song in AAC format .
Image Credit : dove
Go back to the Get Info >
Options pane and uncheck the Start and Stop checkboxes so the original song will play in its entirety the next time you want to listen .
Right - click on the new audio clip you created and choose Show in Finder ( Mac ) or Open in Windows Explorer ( Windows ) .
Find the new file on your system .
Image Credit : dove
Right - click the file and select Get Info and change the file extension from .m4a to .m4r by clicking to highlight it .
That new file format makes it compatible with the iPhone .
Then , save the file and drag it to the desktop .
Change the file extension .
Image Credit : dove
Return to iTunes and delete the short version of the track .
When prompted , choose Keep File , to remove the track from the music library while keeping it in the hard drive .
Delete the shorter version .
Image Credit : dove
Delete the ringtone from the iTunes library .
Image Credit : dove
Make sure to keep the new file .
Image Credit : dove
Connect your phone to your computer and launch iTunes , if it 's not already open .
Choose the three dots next to the phone icon and click Tones from the pull - down menu .
Then , drag the new . m4r file from your desktop into the Tones window .
New ringtones must be synced in iTunes .
Image Credit : Dove
Drag the .m4r file into the Tones window .
Image Credit : dove
8. Click on the iPhone icon and choose Tones > Sync Tones >
Selected Tones , select the tone , and click Apply .
Wait for the process to finish .
Sync the tone with your phone .
Image Credit : dove
9 . Now , switch to your phone .
Choose Settings > Sounds >
Ringtones and select the new ringtone .
You can create as many ringtones as your storage will allow from iTunes or from specialty ringtone apps available in the App Store .
On your phone , choose the ringtone .
Image Credit : dove
If you get an error message when trying to convert the original format , that means the song was purchased earlier than 2010 and is in Protected AAC format .
Protected AAC formatted songs can't be converted .
Image Credit : dove
In that case , you 'll have to download a DRM - free version of the song .
Apple has posted instructions on how to do this .
If that does n't work or is too much hassle , just use a song you purchased within the last five years .
It also helps to set up iTunes preferences to always import your music in AAC format .
Encode in AAC .
Image Credit : dove
Ringtone Apps Offer Variety
But what if you do n't want to go through all that just to create a new ringtone ?
An app is easier and faster , especially if you do n't have a specific sound on your phone that you 're dying to use .
There are plenty of free ringtone apps in the iTunes store .
To find them , just launch iTunes and search for " ringtones . "
Note that while many music conversion apps are free and can also include a selection of free ringtones , others are primarily converters with new tones available as in - app purchases .
Some free ringtone app interfaces can be a bit loud and flashy .
They may be ad - supported or try to immediately sell you an upgrade to a " pro " version or hawk other in - app purchases or related apps .
Be prepared to have to slog through the distracting hype to get to the real functionality .
Double check that the app you choose has been updated within the last year so it 's completely compatible with your current operating system :
There are a number of apps in the store that date back to 2012 .
Also , make sure you have the latest version of iTunes installed on your Mac or PC .
Note that no ringtone option will be completely iTunes free — that 's because the apps do not have access to the iPhone 's internal folder structure , so you will always need to sync new ringtones via iTunes regardless of what method you use .
Each app has instructions on how to best transfer its tones to iTunes .
Here are a few apps that did a good job of creating free ringtones and alerts when we investigated the options :
Ringtones for iPhone
Ringtones for iPhone is an all - in - one app that lets you design both ringtones and notification alert sounds from a large library of built - in music and sound effects , while its tune creator lets you record or mix an original tune from your own library .
The app converts iTunes music ( both MP3 and AAC formats ) as well as original voice recordings to ringtones .
You can assign tone notifications to text alerts , SMS , or iMessages and even share them over Facebook and Twitter .
Ringtones for iPhone Image Credit : Dove
Ringtone for iPhone
With Ringtone for iPhone , you can create an unlimited number of tones and download many others for free from 27 categories , such as Sound Effects , Holiday , Children , Pets & Animal , and more .
Delve into your own sound library and create original tones with music , voice morphing effects , or from original sound recordings .
Ringtone for iPhone by Selena Rodigo Image Credit : dove
Free Ringtone Downloader
Free Ringtone Downloader is an easy - to - use ringtone downloader app that gives you alert tones for new text messages , new email , wakeup alerts , and calendar alerts .
You can also create ringtones from your favorite songs .
Free Ringtone Downloader Image Credit : dove
Top Funny Ringtones
Yup , you 're a prank artist and the funny tracks on Top Funny Ringtones will have you giggling .
Just stay cool and all will be well , as you choose from the obnoxious " pick up the phone " recordings , broken glass , donkey noises , spouse and parent warnings , and so forth .
Someone had to do it .
Top Funny Ringtones Image Credit : dove
The Center for Biological Diversity offers a lovely selection of nature ringtones for free .
Center for Biological Diversity free ringtones Image Credit : Dove
Different Tones for Different Folks
Why stop at just one ringtone ?
You can customize several new ringtones to assign to friends , family , and colleagues .
Launch the Contacts app on your iPhone , select a person , then tap the Edit option at the upper right corner .
Assign new ringtones to friends and family .
Image Credit : Dove
Scroll down to find the Ringtone section , which will already have the default tone .
Tap for the full menu , which allows you to choose a different ringtone and pick the one you want .
Thereafter , your contact 's calling ring will alert you immediately to who's on the line .
You can also use your new ringtones to signal tweets , Facebook posts , calendar alerts , sending and receiving mail , and a host of other functions .
Add and sync ringtones from various apps .
Image Credit : Dove
Dear Straight Dope :
In an age when organ transplants are becoming more commonplace , it 's difficult to find information on which organs can and can't be replaced .
My friends and I would like to know if testicles can be transplanted .
If so , would the resulting sperm cells carry the genetic code of the donor or recipient ?
Brian Tinsman , Seattle
SDStaff paperbackwriter replies :
Noting that we ’ve received letters essentially identical to this one from readers Walsh and Kurt Buchmann as well , let me just say : Guys , I sense that there may be some underlying issues here , but I ’ll stick to the questions you ’ve asked and leave Freud out of this .
I ’m sure we all prefer it that way .
There are three kinds of transplant procedures .
The first is allogenic transplantation , the transplanting of tissue or organs from one person ’s body to another ’s — what you might think of as a “ normal ” transplant .
Tissues and organs that have been successfully transplanted this way include adrenal glands , thymus glands , bone , bone marrow , cartilage , corneas , fat , hair , hearts , kidneys , lungs , small intestines , and skin .
There are also xenotransplants , where tissue from another species , such as a pig ’s heart valve , is implanted into a human .
Lastly there are autologous transplants , also called autotransplants , where tissue or an organ is removed from its location and transplanted into a new location within the same person ’s body .
The only type of testicle transplants done in humans are autotransplants , performed to treat certain types of a condition called cryptorchidism , or undescended testicles .
During the development of a male embryo , the testicles grow in the area that will eventually be the abdominal cavity near the kidneys .
Normally , they move downwards and forwards , and then drop into the scrotum .
An undescended testicle is one that has failed to complete this trip .
In some cases , the testicle stays high in the abdomen , and autotransplantation is the surgical procedure to correct this .
An untreated undescended testicle can lead to increased chances of infertility or testicular cancer later in life .
Researchers are currently investigating another type of testicular autotransplant .
Prepubescent boys who undergo chemotherapy or radiation therapy for cancer often lose the ability to create sperm .
One way of preventing this may be to remove the testicles and freeze them before cancer treatment , then reimplant them after the danger has passed .
Could n’t they just extract sperm from the boys and freeze it for later ?
No , because the spermatogenic cells in the testicles remain dormant until puberty .
OK , why no allogenic testicle transplants for adult men ?
Mainly because there ’s no reason for it .
Hormone treatments can address low testosterone production and many causes behind lack of sperm production .
And men who are n’t producing enough sperm but do n’t respond to hormone treatment would n’t benefit from a testicle transplant anyway — assuming the benefit they ’re looking for is the ability to pass their genes along to their children .
Spermatogenic cells are derived from primordial germ cells that enter the testicles during the fifth week of pregnancy .
This means sperm will always carry genetic information that was implanted during embryonic development , which in turn means that the donor of a transplanted testicle , and not the recipient , would be the genetic father of any child that resulted from its sperm .
This being the case , simply using a sperm donor or adopting makes a whole lot more sense than having someone else ’s testicles transplanted into your body .
Update :
After this article was originally published , reader j - in - japan asked about a case he remembered hearing about on the Phil Donahue Show in the late 70 ’s about a pair of identical twins that had such a procedure .
One twin was born without testicles , the other with two normal ones , so the fully - equipped brother donated one to his twin .
The recipient twin was subsequently able to impregnate his wife .
Because the men were identical twins , the child was genetically equivalent to his own .
This unique case was reported in the journal Fertility and Sterility in 1978 .
Since that time , there have been no further reports of such a procedure .
SDStaff paperbackwriter , Straight Dope Science Advisory Board
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
STAFF REPORTS ARE WRITTEN BY THE STRAIGHT DOPE SCIENCE ADVISORY BOARD , CECIL'S ONLINE AUXILIARY .
THOUGH THE SDSAB DOES ITS BEST , THESE COLUMNS ARE EDITED BY ED ZOTTI , NOT CECIL , SO ACCURACYWISE YOU'D BETTER KEEP YOUR FINGERS CROSSED .
Gloria is a young woman of the Depression .
She has aged beyond her years and feels her life is hopeless , having been cheated and betrayed many times in her past .
While recovering from a suicide attempt , she gets the idea from a movie magazine to head for Hollywood to make it as an actress .
Robert is a desperate Hollywood citizen trying to become a director , never doubting he 'll make it .
Robert and Gloria meet and decide to enter a dance marathon , one of the crazes of the 1930's .
The grueling dancing takes its toll on Gloria 's already weakened spirit , and she tells Robert that she'd be better off dead , that her life is hopeless - all the while acting cruelly and bitterly , alienating those around her , trying to convince him to shoot her and put her out of her misery .
After all , they shoot horses , do n't they ?
Written by alfiehitchie
Diesen
Text aus der Süddeutschen Zeitung kannst du hier leider nicht mehr lesen , er ist aber noch im Archiv der Süddeutschen Zeitung zu finden .
In the middle of the exam season , the offer of a drug that could improve results might excite students but would be likely to terrify their parents .
Now , a distinguished professor of bioethics says it is time to embrace the possibilities of " brain boosters " – chemical cognitive enhancement .
The provocative suggestion comes from John Harris , director of the Institute for Science , Ethics and Innovation at the University of Manchester , and editor - in - chief of the Journal of Medical Ethics .
Ritalin is a stimulant drug , best known as a treatment for hyperactive children .
But it has also found a ready black market among students , especially in the US , who are desperate to succeed and are turning to it in preference to the traditional stimulants of coffee and cigarettes .
Users say it helps them to focus and concentrate , and this has been confirmed in research studies on adults .
David Green , a student at the University of Harvard , told The Washington Post : " In all honesty , I have n't written a paper without Ritalin since my junior year in high school . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Matt , a business finance student at the University of Florida , claimed a similar drug , Adderall , had helped him improve his grades .
" It 's a miracle drug , " he told The Boston Globe .
" It is unbelievable how my concentration boosts when I use it . "
Some experts have condemned the trend and accused students of gaining an " unfair advantage " by doping , without explaining why it is any more unfair than hiring a private tutor or paying for exam coaching .
Professor Harris says that the arguments against the drugs " have not been persuasive " and that society ought to want enhancement .
" It is not rational to be against human enhancement , " he writes .
" Humans are creatures that result from an enhancement process called evolution and moreover are inveterate self improvers in every conceivable way . "
Although no drug can be guaranteed safe and free of all side - effects , Ritalin has been judged safe enough for children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD ) , and has been widely used to treat them over many years , he says .
The drug is a stimulant which was introduced in 1956 and appears to influence the way the brain filters and responds to stimuli .
It increases energy as well as confidence and has been compared to cocaine .
Possible side - effects are typical of stimulants and include insomnia , loss of appetite , dizziness and depression on withdrawal .
Other drugs investigated for their mind - enhancing properties include donepezil , a treatment for dementia and modafinil , used in narcolepsy , the condition in which sufferers repeatedly fall asleep .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Both drugs are thought to boost highly skilled performance , where concentration and alertness are prerequisites .
One study found commercial pilots who took donepezil for one month performed better than pilots on a placebo when dealing with emergencies on a flight simulator .
A study of modafinil found that it boosted the performance of helicopter pilots flying on simulators who had been deprived of sleep .
Writing in the online British Medical Journal , Professor Harris says the use of cognitive enhancing drugs should be seen as a natural extension of the process of education .
Drug regulatory agencies should assess the benefits and risks in the same way as they would for any other medical intervention .
" Suppose a university were to set out deliberately to improve the mental capacities of its students .
Suppose they further claimed that not only could they achieve this but that their students would be more intelligent and mentally alert than any in history .
We might be sceptical but if the claims could be sustained should we be pleased ? "
His answer is an unequivocal yes .
He concludes that it is unethical to stop healthy people taking Ritalin to enhance their mental performance .
But in total disagreement , Professor Anjan Chatterjee from the University of Pennsylvania argues in the BMJ that there are too many risks .
In the US , the drug carries a " black box " warning , the most serious , because of its high potential for abuse , serious adverse risks on the heart and the risk of sudden death .
He adds that there are cognitive trade - offs in taking Ritalin , with a loss of creativity , and points out that " being smarter does not mean being wiser " .
He raises the spectre of children at top preparatory schools taking Ritalin in " epidemic proportions " and pilots , police and doctors being pressurised to take it when on - call .
Progress often carries risk , says Professor Harris .
The development of " synthetic sunshine " ( firelights , lamplight and electric light ) could have forced people to work through the night .
The answer was not to ban it but to introduce laws to regulate working hours .
" The same is or will be true of chemical cognitive enhancers , " he concludes .
A stimulating debate :
The pills in question
Ritalin
A stimulant drug introduced in 1956 for the treatment of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder ( ADHD ) in children , it has become increasingly widely used , especially in the US .
In recent years , reports have emerged of it being abused by students seeking aids to help them through their exams .
Amphetamines
The stimulant was first synthesised more than a century ago and has been used and abused to boost energy , increase wakefulness and prolong endurance .
Its users have been as diverse as long distance lorry drivers wanting to ward off drowsiness and women trying to lose weight .
Today it is prescribed for ADHD and narcolepsy , and has been investigated for its role in helping stroke victims re-learn motor skills .
Donepezil
Scientists in aviation medicine and in the military have been examining medicines which might increase alertness and concentration to minimise risk of pilot error and maximise endurance .
Donepezil , used to treat of dementia , has been shown to boost the performance of pilots on flight simulators , especially in emergencies .
Modafinil
Modafinil , a drug used to treat the sleep disorder narcolepsy , has also been tested on pilots and other members of the armed forces .
While commercial pilots have strict rules governing flying time and rest periods , fighter pilots may be called to action at a moment 's notice .
Tests on helicopter pilots flying on simulators who had been deprived of sleep showed the drug boosted performance .
Me : * on the phone * “ Hello , how can I help you ? ”
Customer : “ My cable wo n’t stop changing channels . ”
( I walk the customer through a basic re-set . )
Me : “ Has that resolved the issue ? ”
Customer : “ No , it ’s still changing channels . ”
Me : “ Okay , you ’re just watching it and it ’s just randomly changing channels by itself ? ”
Customer : “ Yes , when I press the channel up and down buttons on the remote , it keeps changing channels . ”
Me : “ … that ’s the purpose of the channel buttons . ”
Customer : “ Well , how do I get it to stop changing channels ? ”
Me : “ Stop pressing the channel buttons . ”
Customer : * getting irritated * “ But I want to press the channel buttons , but it wo n’t stop changing . ”
Me : “ If you do n’t want it to change , stop pressing the buttons . ”
Customer : “ Oh … but how do I get it to stop ? ”
Me : “ Put your remote down and do n’t touch it . ”
Customer : “ That ’s ridiculous !
Why would you have that button if it ’s just going to change the channels ? ! ”
When Proposition 2 was approved by voters last year , many in the animal welfare community saw the legislation as landmark for the treatment of the state 's farm animals .
Proposition 2 decreed , among other things , that egg - laying hens in California have enough room to stretch their wings fully , stand up and turn around .
( Farmers have until 2015 to become fully compliant with the new space regulations . )
More recently , a new piece of legislation , Assembly Bill 1437 , sought to even the playing field for California egg farmers who fretted that Proposition 2's passage would simply pave the way for more eggs to be imported into the state from other states that were n't bound by the humane farm bill .
A.B. 1437 , introduced by Assemblyman Jared Huffman ( D - San Rafael ) , would require all eggs imported into California to comply with the space requirements set out in Proposition 2 by 2015 .
( A.B. 1437 passed a state assembly vote by a large margin late last month but has yet to be voted on by the state Senate . )
" There was a concern last year that all of a sudden there would be a flood of imported eggs from across the country to California , " Dr. Bill Grant II , president of the California Veterinary Medical Assn. , told DVM Newsmagazine about A.B. 1437 .
" If this passes , that would not be the case . "
But California 's egg farmers are still concerned , and they laid out their issues in a letter sent to Huffman last week .
In the letter , the Assn. of California Egg Farmers called the language of Proposition 2 confusing .
Twenty - six common dolphins became stranded in estuarine waters they are not normally known to frequent ( Image : Adam Gerrard / SWNS.COM )
An investigation into the UK ’s largest ever mass stranding of common dolphins has identified military activity as the most probable cause – although no single activity can be definitively linked to the stranding .
Twenty - six common dolphins died after becoming stranded in the Fal Estuary in Cornwall , southwest England on 9 June , 2008 , while a similar number were refloated by volunteers .
An investigation into the cause of their deaths ( pdf format ) by Paul Jepson at the Zoological Society of London and his colleagues has ruled out a lengthy list of possible causes :
• Infectious disease
Advertisement
• Pollution
• Decompression sickness
• Attack by killer whales or bottlenose dolphins
• High - intensity acoustic inputs from seismic airgun arrays or natural sources
However , documents obtained under the UK Freedom of Information act have provided researchers with unprecedented access to military records of navy activity in the area .
While there is no evidence of physical injury to the dolphins caused by sonar , “ what we are left with is a mass stranding and a naval exercise – we have ruled out pretty much everything else , ” Jepson says .
The UK navy had been conducting exercises in the area several days before the stranding , and on the morning of the stranding itself .
Jepson suspects that these may have driven the dolphins closer to shore than normal , and that something then caused them to panic and beach .
Sound damage
Military sonar has previously been linked to strandings of cetaceans elsewhere and is known to temporarily deafen dolphins .
However , the Ministry of Defence says that routine exercises including sonar activity had ceased 60 hours before the onset of the stranding and cannot therefore have directly triggered the event .
It says it is prepared to work with researchers to further explore how its activities might affect cetacean behaviour .
Sarah Dolman of the UK’s Whale and Dolphin Conservation Society believes they should go even further .
“ We are calling for the Ministry of Defence to conduct a full and transparent environmental assessment of all of its activities in this exercise area and in all exercise areas that it operates in , ” Dolman says .
“ The post mortem results have shown us that those dolphins that died were healthy animals prior to stranding .
Something frightened them ashore , way up inside the river system , where this species is not generally known to go . ”
Imagine a global spying network that can eavesdrop on every single phone call , fax or e-mail , anywhere on the planet .
It sounds like science fiction , but it 's true .
Two of the chief protagonists - Britain and America - officially deny its existence .
But the BBC has confirmation from the Australian Government that such a network really does exist and politicians on both sides of the Atlantic are calling for an inquiry .
On the North Yorkshire moors above Harrogate they can be seen for miles , but still they are shrouded in secrecy .
Around 30 giant golf balls , known as radomes , rise from the US military base at Menwith Hill .
Linked to the NSA
Inside is the world 's most sophisticated eavesdropping technology , capable of listening - in to satellites high above the earth .
The base is linked directly to the headquarters of the US National Security Agency ( NSA ) at Fort Mead in Maryland , and it is also linked to a series of other listening posts scattered across the world , like Britain 's own GCHQ .
The power of the network , codenamed Echelon , is astounding .
Every international telephone call , fax , e-mail , or radio transmission can be listened to by powerful computers capable of voice recognition .
They home in on a long list of key words , or patterns of messages .
They are looking for evidence of international crime , like terrorism .
Open Oz
The network is so secret that the British and American Governments refuse to admit that Echelon even exists .
But another ally , Australia , has decided not to be so coy .
The man who oversees Australia 's security services , Inspector General of Intelligence and Security Bill Blick , has confirmed to the BBC that their Defence Signals Directorate ( DSD ) does form part of the network .
" As you would expect there are a large amount of radio communications floating around in the atmosphere , and agencies such as DSD collect those communications in the interests of their national security " , he said .
Asked if they are then passed on to countries like Britain and America , he said : " They might be in certain circumstances . "
But the system is so widespread all sorts of private communications , often of a sensitive commercial nature , are hoovered up and analysed .
Journalist Duncan Campbell has spent much of his life investigating Echelon .
In a report commissioned by the European Parliament he produced evidence that the NSA snooped on phone calls from a French firm bidding for a contract in Brazil .
They passed the information on to an American competitor , which won the contract .
" There 's no safeguards , no remedies , " he said , " There 's nowhere you can go to say that they 've been snooping on your international communications .
Its a totally lawless world . "
Breaking the silence
Both Britain and America deny allegations like this , though they refuse to comment further .
But one former US army intelligence officer has broken the code of silence .
Colonel Dan Smith told the BBC that while this is feasible , it is not official policy : " Technically they can scoop all this information up , sort through it , and find what it is that might be asked for , " he said .
" But there is no policy to do this specifically in response to a particular company 's interests . "
Legislators on both sides of the Atlantic are beginning to sit up and take notice .
Republican Congressman Bob Barr has persuaded congress to open hearings into these and other allegations .
In December he is coming to Britain to raise awareness of the issue .
In an interview with the BBC he accused the NSA of conducting a broad " dragnet " of communications , and " invading the privacy of American citizens . "
He is joined in his concerns by a small number of politicians In Britain .
Liberal Democrat MP
Norman Baker has tabled a series of questions about Menwith Hill , but has been met with a wall of silence .
" There 's no doubt it 's being used as a listening centre , " he said , " There 's no doubt it 's being used for US interests , and I 'm not convinced that Britain 's interests are being best served by this . "
Massenvernichtungswaffe Swap Artur P. Schmidt
Derivate - Supergau ante portas ?
Waren bis 2001 Kredite , die von Finanzinstitutionen ausgegeben wurden , durch Bankgarantien gegen Verluste geschützt , so wurden sie danach durch Versicherungen besichert .
Diese neue billigere Form des Ausfallschutzes führte zu einem ungeahnten Boom beim Subprime - Markt , dessen Marktvolumen von 500 Milliarden US - Dollar bis auf 3 Billionen US - Dollar im Jahr 2008 anstieg .
Als neue Besicherungsform wurden Credit Deposit Swaps ( CDS ) verwendet , die als unregulierte Derivate mit hohen Hebeln scheinbar die Risiken aus dem Markt nahmen , in Wahrheit jedoch ein Schuldenbabylon ungeahnten Ausmaßes ermöglichten .
Von den drei Kategorien an Derivaten : Futures , Optionen und Swaps sind die letzteren jedoch die gefährlichsten für die internationalen Finanzmärkte .
Sie sind die eigentlichen Massenvernichtungswaffen , deren Umfang mittlerweile die Größenordnung des Weltbruttosozialproduktes übersteigt .
Bei einem weltweiten Derivatevolumen von 863.000 Milliarden US - Dollar ( Stand Mitte 2008 ) und einem Anteil von 8 % davon an Swaps beträgt der weltweit aufgelegte Betrag am gefährlichsten Finanzinstrument mittlerweile etwa 69.000 Milliarden US - Dollar , d.h. das 1.25 - fache des Weltbruttosozialproduktes von etwa 54.500 Milliarden US - Dollar ( Stand 2007 ) .
Diese Größenordnungen zeigen das eigentliche Problem der heutigen Weltwirtschaftskrise , die mit normalen Mitteln des Gelddruckens durch die Notenbanken mehr nicht zu bewältigen ist .
Geht man nur von einer Ausfallquote von 20 % der CDS aus , so kommt man auf etwa 14.000 Milliarden US - Dollar , was in etwa dem US - Bruttosozialprodukt des Jahres 2007 entspricht .
Und dieses wiederum ist so groß wie das Bruttosozialprodukt Japans , Deutschlands , Chinas und Großbritanniens zusammengenommen ( Stand 2007 ) .
Will man diese riesige Menge an Toxizität , die durch die Sekuritisierung in den USA geschaffen wurde , bereinigen , so müsste die aktuelle amerikanische Geldmenge M1 , die sich im Mai 2009 auf 1.631 Milliarden US - Dollar beläuft , etwa verachtfacht werden .
Würde man das Problem zu gleichen Teilen auch auf den Rest der großen Industrienationen abschieben , so müsste sich immerhin die US - Geldmenge noch vervierfachen und diese von Europas und Asiens größten Exportländern ebenso .
Dies würde jedoch unausweichlich eine Hyperinflation bedeuten .
Marktkapitalisierung der weltweiten Aktienmärkte : 2008 wurden mehr als 30.000 Milliarden USD vernichtet
Der globale Systemausfall
Die Größenordnung des Derivatemarktes , der etwa das 530 - Fache der amerikanischen Geldmenge M1 beträgt , das 34 - Fache des US - Bond - Marktes ( 25.2 Billionen USD Stand 2006 ) , das 19 - Fache des weltweiten Anleihemarktes ( 44.9 Billionen USD Stand 2006 ) und etwa das 24 - Fache des weltweiten Aktienmarktes ( 36.6 Billionen USD Stand Oktober 2008 ) , zeigt , dass das Problem der dort angehäuften tickenden Zeitbomben nur noch in einem Supergau an den internationalen Finanzmärkten enden kann .
Ein Ausfall von nur 5 % aller weltweiten Derivate würde nahezu das gesamte Weltbruttosozialprodukt eines Jahres vernichten .
Das Risiko des globalen Systemausfalls , gekennzeichnet durch Millisekundenpleiten und Index - Crashs von mehr als 25 % in wenigen Sekunden , wird damit angesichts dieser Größenordnungen in einer Realtime - Ökonomie zum größtmöglichen Unfall , der jederzeit eintreten kann .
Die weltweiten Ökonomien werden deshalb erst dann wieder von ihrer aktuellen Vergiftungserkrankung geheilt sein , wenn die riesige Menge an toxischen Finanzinstrumenten vollständig deflationiert ist .
Je schneller dies geschieht , desto schneller wird die Weltwirtschaft wieder nachhaltig gesunden , wobei jedoch während dieses Prozesses der kreativen Zerstörung kein Stein mehr auf dem anderen bleiben wird .
Eine neue Weltwährung wird die unausweichliche Folge des Zusammenbruchs des gewaltigen Derivate - Mount Everest sein , wenn die von den USA initialisierten Seifenblasen endgültig platzen und der amerikanische Anleihemarkt und die US - Währung in einem gigantischen Staatsbankrott untergehen .
Wenn dies geschieht , darf jedoch nicht wieder in die Fehler der Vergangenheit zurückgefallen werden .
Wir sollten eine radikale Geldreform wagen , die sich dem Wachstumszwang des Zinseszins - Effektes entzieht .
( Artur P. Schmidt )
Michael Dlouhy has been in Network Marketing for more than 30 years .
He is a good friend and personal mentor .
He is a Successful Network Marketer .
He has talked to thousands of people in the Network Marketing Industry .
They ask themselves certain questions about failing in MLM .
Maybe some are familiar to you :
* Why I am not smart enough to do this business ?
* Why am I successful in Corporate America and fail in MLM ?
* Why does the phone weight so much ?
* Why do the “ No ” ’s hurt so bad ?
* Am I too tall ?
I am too short ?
* I worked so hard and still ca n’t do it .
What ’s wrong with me ?
What ’s wrong with the company ?
What ’s wrong with the product ?
* Other people do this .
Why ca n’t I ?
* Why did the Federal Government shut my company down ?
* I maxed out my credit card on advertising .
Why did it not work ?
* I went to the meetings .
I did three - way phone calls .
Why does n’t everyone see this ?
* Where is the teamwork ?
* Why is n’t this fun ?
* Where are the facts and figures ?
* Where is the money ?
As Michael Dlouhy says :
“ It ’s not your fault .
Let that sink in .
How does that make you feel ?
I do n’t care what any heavy hitter has ever told you .
Fact is that they have lied to you .
Does n’t that make you angry ?
I can prove that the cards are stacked against you .
That ’s WHY it ’s NOT your fault .
* Why should you never wrestle a Pig ?
Why ?
Because you ’ll both get dirty , and the pig likes it .
That ’s the best advice you ’ll get about hitching your wagon to an MLM Heavy Hitter . ”
Would it be OK if you knew the answers to these and all the questions you have about Network Marketing ?
Click here to download my F*ree E-book .
To your Success ,
Cristiana Martinez
908.337.3160 ~anytime ~
A Mentor with a Servant ’s Heart
Via my contacts at the Farsi - speaking BBC , a telephone plea :
I AM UNDER EXTREME PRESSURE TO ACCEPT THE RESULTS OF THE SHAM ELECTION .
THEY HAVE CUT ME OFF FROM ANY COMMUNICATION WITH PEOPLE AND AM UNDER SURVEILLANCE .
I ASK THE PEOPLE TO STAY IN THE STREETS BUT AVOID VIOLENCE
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
LOS ANGELES , California ( CNN ) -- Actress Demi Moore 's frequent postings on Twitter put her in the middle of a life - and - death drama Friday when a woman sent her an online message threatening suicide .
Ashton Kutcher and Demi Moore are both active members of the Twitter social - networking site .
Moore , who was in southern France where her husband , actor Ashton Kutcher , is filming a movie , quickly replied to the threat saying , " Hope you are joking . "
Twitter followers who saw the message tracked it to a San Jose , California , home , where police found a 48 - year - old woman .
The police took her into custody for a psychological evaluation , according to a police spokesman .
About two hours after the initial exchange , Moore posted this message -- known as a " tweet " -- on Twitter : " Thanks everyone for reaching out to the San Jose PD i am told they are aware and no need to call anymore .
I do not know this woman . "
A San Jose police spokesman said a " concerned citizen " -- not Moore or Kutcher -- called his department at 4:37 a.m. to report seeing the threat on Twitter .
Police went to the residence that the caller provided and found the woman unharmed but in need of help , Sgt. Ronnie Lopez said .
" We determined she did meet the criteria for a 72 - hour psychological evaluation , and she was taken to a hospital for that treatment , " Lopez said .
Both Moore and Kutcher post tweets from their cell phones several times a day .
Kutcher has 675,000 subscribers following his Twitter postings , while 380,000 have signed up to follow Moore .
Twitter attracts many readers who enjoy seeing the behind - the - scenes writing , photos and video from celebrities who have embraced the social - network technology .
This unusual access also allows subscribers to send messages to celebrities , who sometimes reply .
The original tweet to Moore on Friday , which was still online several hours later , read : " getting a knife , a big one that is sharp .
Going to cut my arm down the whole arm so it does n't waste time . "
Moore , who apparently knew others were trying to locate the person who wrote it , tweeted that she " was very torn about responding or retweeting that woman 's post but felt uncomfortable just letting it go . "
She assured readers that " the twitterverse is on the case . "
Two hours after the first message , Moore wrote : " And if it is a joke it is not funny and nor is this an appropriate outlet for such a serious matter Time for us to move on . "
Her husband , who is known as a constant tweeter , posted his own praise of Moore : " Wifey is pretty amazing , huh ? "
" Lot of pain in the world ...
Reach out to someone you do n't usually reach out to just to say hi .
They might be lonely , " Kutcher tweeted .
All About Twitter Inc. • Demi Moore • Ashton Kutcher
Microsoft Corp 's new Bing search engine gained U.S. market share in its first month in operation but still trails dominant rival Google Inc , according to data released on Wednesday .
Bing , launched on June 3 but available to some users a few days earlier , took 8.23 percent of U.S.
Web searches in June , up from 7.81 percent for Microsoft search just prior to its rollout and 7.21 percent in April , said Internet data firm StatCounter .
Google lost share slightly , dipping to 78.48 percent from 78.72 percent before Bing .
Yahoo Inc , the perennial No. 2 in the market , rose to 11.04 percent from 10.99 percent .
Bing 's share peaked in the first week of June at 9.21 percent , falling away in the middle two weeks before coming back at 8.45 percent in the last week of June .
The results may give heart to Microsoft , which is investing heavily in its loss - making online services business and is refusing to cede the market to Google .
At first sight , a 1 percent increase in market share does not appear to be a huge return on the investment Microsoft has made in Bing but the underlying trend appears positive , StatCounter Chief Executive Adohan Cullen said in a statement .
The world 's largest software company may yet strike an online search partnership with Yahoo to make itself a credible competitor , but talk of such a deal has quietened down .
StatCounter , based in Dublin , says its data are based on 4 billion pageloads per month monitored through a network of websites .
Other data research firms such as comScore are not expected to release figures on Bing 's share until mid-July .
( Reporting by Bill Rigby and Georgina Prodhan ; editing by Simon Jessop )
How to learn meditation in 5 minutes
First off , this is like many other things in that daily practice is by far the most important thing you can do , that is my number one tip : continuity in practice is vital .
Only 5 minutes a day every day , no matter what , is far , far better than three hours once a week :
(* Note : Meditation does n’t have to be in any way related to religion , I just really like this quote as it makes the point quite nicely and it comes from a reputable source as it relates to meditation )
“ The most important thing is practice in daily life ; then you can know gradually the true value of religion .
Doctrine is not meant for mere knowledge , but for the improvement of our minds .
In order to do that , it must be part of our life .
If you put religious doctrine in a building and when you leave the building depart from the practices , you cannot gain its value . ”
His Holiness the Dalai Lama , from ‘ A Policy of Kindness ’
Have a look at this , and then stick around for a few vital tips afterwards :
Location :
You can do it anywhere ( just like sex ! ) , but the quieter and more isolated from other people , the better ( also just like sex ) .
This is assuming they ’re not meditating along with you–meditation classes and groups are great , definitely recommended if you can .
You can do it anywhere ( just like sex ! ) , but the quieter and more isolated from other people , the better ( also just like sex ) .
This is assuming they ’re not meditating along with you–meditation classes and groups are great , definitely recommended if you can .
Posture :
There ’s the strictly traditional way of sitting with legs crossed , but that ’s not the least bit necessary , the most important thing is to sit in the way that ’s the most comfortable for you , keeping in mind you ’re going to be in that same position for however long you plan on meditating .
There ’s the strictly traditional way of sitting with legs crossed , but that ’s not the least bit necessary , the important thing is to sit in the way that ’s the most comfortable for , keeping in mind you ’re going to be in that same position for however long you plan on meditating .
Duration : Most traditional texts say 20 minutes at a time , but it ’s not how long but the quality of the meditation , and quality is determined by the state of mind , the peace of mind , that you
achieve –how do you feel afterwards ?
How relaxed ?
How peaceful ?
If you get good results in 5 minutes , then 5 minutes was sufficient .
Remember , 5 minutes every day is better than any amount of time only once or twice a week .
Most traditional texts say 20 minutes at a time , but it ’s not how long but the quality of the meditation , and quality is determined by the state of mind , the of mind , that you Eyes : I ’d highly recommend you close them –there are people who can do it with their eyes open but they ’re generally very advanced , have been meditating for quite some time , and started out with their eyes closed .
You really need to do as much as possible to cut out all distraction , and our main distraction is usually visual input , then auditory , then touch and smell .
Additional Resources and Further Reading
A View on Buddhism : THIS is the definitive online source for Buddhist meditation , and what I ’m linking to here is a much more extensive and detailed article on meditation .
This article here was just to get you started in 5 minutes so that you can get a taste of it and get started , but if you find this is to your liking this article at A View on Buddhism is my next recommended step for you .
How - to - Meditate.org : this is a really excellent site , lots of info .
on different meditation styles plus they have a little tool at the bottom that will help you find meditation centers and schools in your area , very nifty .
Shambala Sun : LOTS of articles on meditation , meditation , and more meditation .
If you ’re really enthused by this stuff , then this is the site for you .
Welcome to healthplansplus.blogspot.com .
This will be a serious blog where we can discuss healthcare issues such as the high cost of medical care , alternative medicine , consumer directed healthcare , vitamins and supplements , current topics in healthcare , and other issues related to healthcare .
I hope to share some lighter moments also .
Asteroid hunters have good news – and a challenge – for the rest of us .
After an extensive search for asteroids a kilometer or more across , engineer Steve Chesley says that " we can now say with confidence that no asteroids large enough to cause such a global calamity [ as killing off the dinosaurs ] are headed our way . "
But if one of them – or even a smaller , city - destroying rock – were detected on a collision course , would the world community be prepared to handle it ?
A conference of legal experts that discussed this question at the University of Nebraska in Lincoln last month answered it with a resounding " No . "
Scientists and engineers who have studied the problem of deflecting a dangerous asteroid believe the technical issues are difficult but solvable .
The challenge now is figuring out the legal issues of who takes action on behalf of humankind and of what their responsibilities and liabilities will be .
Asteroid hunters believe they can give us plenty of warning .
There is " a fair chance that the next Earth impactor will actually be identified with many decades and perhaps centuries of warning time , " explains Mr. Chesley of the NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif. , in the March / April issue of the Planetary Report .
That 's plenty of time to develop a spacecraft whose gravitational attraction might nudge an asteroid aside – or a rocket or some application of nuclear explosives to do the job .
However , if a single country – or small group of nations – tries to take the initiative on its own , the international reaction could stall any action at all .
" The international political reactions to the US shooting down one of its own satellites a year ago to prevent presumably dangerous and toxic rocket fuel from reaching Earth only foreshadows what would happen if the US would detonate nukes claiming to destroy an incoming asteroid , " said Frans von der Dunk , a University of Nebraska space law expert , at the Nebraska conference , according to Space News .
Overlooking the hype about nuclear weapons , which engineers consider an unlikely , extreme measure , Professor von der Dunk has pointed out the main issue .
Averting a regional or global asteroid threat may involve unforeseen collateral damage – such as splintered chunks making their way to Earth or worse .
Therefore , the world community has to have a say in how that threat is handled .
Right now , to use von der Dunk 's word , that community is " underorganized " to meet this challenge .
Getting organized for possible future action is less urgent than coping with global warming .
But like any good insurance planning , it should not languish on the back burner of global politics .
This need will come into sharper focus as the new Pan - STARRS 1 telescope in Hawaii goes into action this spring .
Its mission to catalogue objects across the entire sky will pick out many more asteroids , large and small .
Someday those facts may foretell a future impact .
The world community should make sure that it has its response plan in order with the legal mechanism for assigning responsibilities in place .
Noora ( truth seer ) , Wassi and Jabbar ( the powerful ) : Copyright all pictures , the Teshkeel Media Group
The creator of a bestselling comic designed to show the world the tolerant and peaceful face of Islam has written an open letter to his young sons explaining how the project grew out of 9/11 .
In the letter , written for the BBC News website , Kuwaiti psychologist Dr Naif al - Mutawa , says his superheroes - inspired by the Koran and known as THE 99 - were designed to " take back Islam " from militants who had taken it hostage .
The comics , which now sell about one million copies a year in several languages , are soon to be made into an animated film by Dutch media company Endemol .
Early last year , Forbes magazine announced THE 99 were one of the 20 top pop culture trends sweeping the world .
My Dear Sons , Today is 2 July 2009 , and if global statistics are correct , I have already lived the first half of my life .
Life is short .
That is why it pains me when I am away from you .
WHAT IS THE 99 ?
Each of the superheroes , 99 in all , is based on one of the 99 attributes of Allah in the Koran - everything from wisdom to generosity - though they come from a variety of countries , and have different physical characteristics
None of them prays or reads the Koran , as they are meant to have equal appeal to children of all faiths
The stories hark back to the 1258 Mongol invasion of Baghdad that left the city in ruins and the books from its great library lying in the Tigris river
In Dr Mutawa 's vision , some librarians escape and place special stones in the river to suck up wisdom otherwise lost Centuries later , the 99 stones are found in different corners of the world by heroes from 99 countries , including the United States , Saudi Arabia , Portugal , Hungary and Indonesia Few things are as important as your future , but your future is tied to that of every other young child .
I am writing with the hope that one day you will forgive me for leaving you as often as I do .
Hamad , when you were born in 1997 , I wrote the third book in a series that was recognised by Unesco .
The series was about reconciling tradition with modernity .
Those who were threatened by it banned it .
I quit writing at the age of 27 .
Faisal , when you were born in 2000 , I was treating survivors of political torture .
I worked with disappointed children trapped in the minds of men who grew up to idolise a leader , to see that leader as a hero and then be tortured by him .
I started to think very seriously about whom your heroes were going to be .
Khalid , you were born in New York City , shortly after 9/11 .
I had already made a decision that I needed to find a way to take back Islam from its hostage takers , but I did not known how .
The answer was staring me in the face .
It was a simple , and as difficult , as the multiplication of 9 by 11 : 99 .
So , at the age of 32 , I uncapped my pen to create a concept that could be popular in the East and the West .
I would go back to the very sources from which others took violent and hateful messages and offer messages of tolerance and peace in their place .
I would give my heroes a Trojan horse in the form of THE 99 .
Islam was my Helen .
I wanted her back .
THE 99 references the 99 attributes of Allah - generosity , mercy , wisdom and dozens of others not used to describe Islam in the media when you were growing up .
But if I am successful , by the time you read this , you will not believe that such an era could have ever existed .
Knowing that children will learn vicariously from THE 99 to be tolerant of all who believe in doing unto others as we would have them do unto us , makes me very proud
The powers of THE 99 come from the books of the great Dar al - Hikma library of Baghdad , which was sacked in 1258 .
The books were from all the world 's cultures and religions .
A secret plan leads to saving that knowledge onto 99 gemstones that are later scattered throughout the world .
These stones fuel THE 99 heroes who are boys and girls from 99 countries .
Rayan , you were born in January 2006 in the midst of the Danish Cartoon Controversy , which coincided with a positive review of THE 99 in the New York Times .
The timing was fateful .
Eighteen months earlier , 54 investors from eight countries , representing various religions , committed to invest in THE 99 .
Their support was humbling .
That same year , THE 99 stories appeared as a comic in the Middle East , which led to its being licensed into several languages as far and wide as North Africa , France , Indonesia , South Asia , Spain and the UK .
Rakan , by the time you were born in 2009 , a lot had changed .
By seeking the blessing of an Islamic Investment Bank , we were allowed into the most conservative places on the planet .
Places that were resistant to THE 99 opened up their markets to them and supported our work .
And THE 99 has spread like wildfire .
The year 2009 also witnessed the launch of THE 99 village Theme Park in Kuwait .
Seeing your brothers on rides that bear THE 99 artwork brought tears to my eyes .
It has been hard work but knowing that children will learn vicariously from THE 99 to be tolerant of all who believe in doing unto others as we would have them do unto us , that , my son , makes me very proud .
The superhero characters battle injustice and fight evil
By your first birthday , the world will witness THE 99 animated series .
Achieving that milestone means that we have achieved our mission of creating globally resonant characters and storylines .
In so doing , THE 99 has become the first licensed entertainment property from the Islamic World .
I told the writers of the animation that only when Jewish kids think that THE 99 characters are Jewish , and Christian kids think they 're Christian , and Muslim kids think they 're Muslim , and Hindu kids think they 're Hindu , that I will consider my vision as having been fully executed .
But my sons , perhaps the most valuable lesson that I want to pass on to you is that THE 99 is only as successful as its partnerships .
Without them , we will only be as loud as the sound of one hand clapping .
We are off to a good start , but this is just the beginning and I hope that my absences from your lives to spread my message continue to glean great results .
So again , I apologise , but know this :
Only a father 's love could have created THE 99 .
Baba Naif
It 's My Story : The 99 was broadcast on BBC Radio 4 on Monday , 6 July , 2009 at 2000 BST .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Jason Frasor 2009 Stud
We all know how awesome Jason Frasor has been this season .
But I did n’t realize that he ’s been this good .
While I was nerding it up inside Jays split stats I came across Jason ’s month - to - month stats .
April : 0 ER
May : 5 ER
June : 1 ER
Two whole months with only one earned run allowed !
Domination .
May was n’t too shabby either , as four of the five runs allowed were in one appearance .
Throw out Frasor ’s one bad outing this season ( May 24th vs Atlanta ) and he ’s allowed only two earned runs in twenty - six IP !
That ’s a 0.69 ERA .
Later in the week I ’ll be back with one of my favorite homebrew reliever statistics , TRRA .
MARIJUANA , estimated by police to be worth about $ 5 million , was allegedly discovered in a raid targeting 2020 plants growing in Bucca .
Errol John Dionysius , 55 , appeared in Bundaberg Magistrates Court yesterday charged with possessing and producing dangerous drugs after being arrested on Tuesday afternoon .
Bundaberg Police say a two - month surveillance operation uncovered the crop at a property near Dionysius ' home on Smiths Crossing Road .
Dionysius applied for bail , but was denied , after Magistrate Jennifer Batts said he was a risk of committing further offences if released .
He was remanded in custody to appear in court again on August 28 .
ADELAIDE , Australia |
It ’s being described as a plague .
More than 1 million wild camels are wreaking havoc in huge parts of Australia , eating the vegetation , destroying property , fouling and consuming water sources , desecrating indigenous sites and causing road accidents .
About 170 years after being introduced to the continent as a pack animal to open its arid interior , Australia ’s feral camel population is the biggest in the world .
The camels double their numbers every nine years and continually expand their domain .
Their hearty population gives no joy to Australians , and some have been exported to Asia and the Middle East .
A report by the Desert Knowledge Cooperative Research Center in Alice Springs , in the Northern Territory , estimates that feral camels roam an area of about 2 million square miles - more than a third of the continent .
“ We have to reduce numbers in a big way , ” said wildlife scientist Glenn Edwards , the report ’s chief author .
“ A lot of camels are in remote areas , and for those there is probably no option but to cull them . ”
The scope of the proposed cull is huge : 400,000 camels would be destroyed in the next two years and 700,000 in the next four years , offering the nightmarish vision of sharpshooters in helicopters targeting animals that have achieved almost iconic status in Australia ’s history .
Between 1840 and 1920 , an estimated 20,000 camels were brought to Australia to explore and develop the inhospitable Outback .
They transported goods and helped build the railroad and the telegraph .
Along with them came thousands of drivers , many , but not all , from Afghanistan .
The Ghan , Australia ’s legendary north - south transcontinental railroad , is named in honor of the cameleers .
With the advent of motorized vehicles and the railroad , the camel trains became less useful .
Many of the cameleers did not want to destroy their animals , so they let them loose into the wild and expected them to die off .
Instead , the camels thrived , feasting on saltbush and spinifex grasses .
They have multiplied to the point at which they ’ve become a huge nuisance , especially during droughts when herds of up to 400 thirsty camels go on rampages and trample everything in their way to find water .
To get the population under control , environmentalists are seeking $ 45 million in federal funds over the next four years while the areas with substantial camel populations - the Northern Territory , Queensland , Western Australia and South Australia - are working with the federal government on an action plan .
It wo n’t be easy .
Camels can travel more than 40 miles a day , are mostly in inaccessible areas , and breed for 30 years of their 50 - year life spans .
The government action plan will include proposals for commercial exploitation of the camels , but culling is seen as the major solution .
That is likely to meet with resistance .
Neil Burrows , director of the Science Department of Environment and Conservation of Western Australia - the state with the largest number of wild camels - said some people do n’t want the camels killed either because “ they see them as more resource than pest or because of religious beliefs . ”
Camels , which drink several gallons of water at a time , have caused massive damage to traditional aboriginal watering holes , property and sacred sites , but a number of indigenous communities believe that because they are animals mentioned in the Bible , killing them will bring drought .
Efforts to exploit the camels commercially have been hindered by the cost of reaching and harvesting them .
Live camels were exported for several years , but that market dried up in 2005 because of shipping difficulties .
There are proposals to build a halal abattoir in Australia and send packaged camel meat to Muslim countries .
Another proposal is to turn camel meat into pet food .
Although most people who have tried the meat pronounce it as tasty , similar to beef but leaner , attempts to get the Aussies to add camel to their precious “ barbie ” have gone nowhere .
“ Australians are pretty conservative in their choice of meat , ” Mr. Edwards said .
“ Kangaroo meat has n’t penetrated the market ; camel meat is in the same basket . ”
Everyone agrees that the solution should be as humane as possible .
“ In their natural habitat they are wonderful , ” Mr. Burrows said .
“ But they do n’t belong here and they are causing great damage .
We want to reduce their number , not eradicate them . ”
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
A rotten rumor about Kelly Pavlik has been circulating nationally .
The rumor is that Kelly Pavlik is in alcohol - rehabilitation .
Seeing a very healthy - looking Pavlik at tonight ’s Thunder game , I am disturbed by what some people are writing and publishing on the national level when they do not know or understand any facts , but rather base a story on heresay to boost hits .
Being from Youngstown , and a nationally recognized blog , I am going to do the right thing and try to set the record straight .
Pavlik is not and was not in alcohol - rehab .
Everything the poor guy does is magnified times twenty because he is now famous .
In the months between training for a fight and fighting , Pavlik is all business .
What he does in the recreational time he has between the end of a fight and starting to train for the next fight is his business .
I know Kelly throws darts and shoots pool in sanctioned leagues in Youngstown .
Unfortunately for him , the dart matches do not take place in a church basement , but rather at a bar .
So he goes to a bar two or three times a week to throw darts or shoot pool with his friends .
Does that mean he automatically has an alcohol problem ?
I shoot pool in sanctioned leagues too , the same ones as Pavlik .
I go to bars four nights a week , should I check into Betty Ford now ?
President Obama was photographed at a Washington Wizards game this past Winter .
He was photographed relaxing and drinking a beer .
Should we impeach him now ?
I thought it was one of the coolest photos I ever saw because it showed him being a human being , an American .
First of all , drinking is legal in this country , and if any citizen chooses to drink , it is their legal American right .
Secondly , Kelly Pavlik is a self - advertised proud father , to him family comes first .
To me , that is respectable , because family comes first here as well .
Finally , I have had conversations with Jack Loew , Pavlik ’s trainer , am friends with Mike Romeo , a member of team Pavlik , and have several common friends with Pavlik .
If this rumor were indeed true , I would know .
If I found out it was true , I would not write anything , especially in defense of Pavlik .
Bottom line is that my sources are people on the inside , and they would tell me the truth knowing I would not publish anything on this website to harm the reputation of someone who is pictured in my banner .
I can report here and now that Kelly Pavlik is just fine and that RingTalk.com writer Pedro Fernandez needs to re-check his sources because he was sorely misled .
The credibility of this website hangs on the balance of what I type every day .
I am willing to risk my own credibility based on who I have talked to and what they know .
With a new deal in place with Top Rank signed about a month ago , Pavlik will continue to defend Youngstown .
With my credibility and reputation at stake , I will continue to defend Kelly Pavlik .
By Pallab Ghosh
Science correspondent , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Astronomers calculate there is a tiny chance that Mars or Venus could collide with Earth - though it would not happen for at least a billion years .
The finding comes from simulations to show how orbits of planets might evolve billions of years into the future .
But the calculated chances of such events occurring are tiny .
Writing in the journal Nature , a team led by Jacques Laskar shows there is also a chance Mercury could strike Venus and merge into a larger planet .
Professor Laskar of the Paris Observatory and his colleagues also report that Mars might experience a close encounter with Jupiter - whose massive gravity could hurl the Red Planet out of our Solar System .
Astronomers had thought that the orbits of the planets were predictable .
But 20 years ago , researchers showed that there were slight fluctuations in their paths .
Now , the team has shown how in a small proportion of cases these fluctuations can grow until after several million years , the orbits of the inner planets begin to overlap .
The researchers carried out more than 2,500 simulations .
They found that in some , Mars and Venus collided with the Earth .
" It will be complete devastation , " said Professor Laskar .
" The planet is coming in at 10 km per second - 10 times the speed of a bullet - and of course Mars is much more massive than a bullet . "
Professor Laskar 's calculations also show that there is a possibility of Mercury crashing into Venus .
But in that scenario , the Earth would not be significantly affected .
" If there is anyone around billions of years from now , they 'd see a burst of light in the sky and the two planets would be merged , " he said .
" The new planet would be a little bit bigger than Venus , and the Solar System would be a little more regular after the collision , but the Earth 's orbit would not be affected . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Kurt Nimmo
Prison Planet.com
Sunday , June 21 , 2009
Another document designating Americans as terrorists has surfaced .
The document , entitled “ Crisis Controlled : Assessing Potential Threats of Violence , ” authored by Trooper John R. Wright , is posted on the official website of the Commonwealth of Virginia , under the Department of Human Resources Management .
Click on the above image to view the document in PDF format .
In March , the Virginia State Police and the Virginia Fusion Center produced a report entitled “ 2009 Virginia Terrorism Threat Assessment . ”
In response , Virginia Governor Timothy M. Kaine ordered an investigation of the fusion center .
The report designates university - based students groups as terrorist groups .
Presented in slideshow format , the latest document lists gun rights , pro-life , constitutional issues , tax protesters , and “ anti- government groups ” as domestic terror threats .
Anarchists , separatists , “ single issue , ” and religious cults are listed along with al - Qaeda , Hamas , Hizballah , al - Jihad , Aryan Nations , neo - Nazi , skinheads , black separatists , and the Klu Klux Klan .
As amply documented here and elsewhere , al - Qaeda is a CIA and Pakistan ISI created terrorist group .
Hamas was nurtured from the ground up by Israel ’s Mossad and Institute for Intelligence and Special Tasks .
Al - Jihad is financed and supported by the Muslim Brotherhood , a British and U.S. intelligence asset .
Under COINTELPRO , the FBI provided covert aid to the Ku Klux Klan , Minutemen , Nazis , and other racist vigilantes .
The Elohim City “ settlement ” connected to documented government operative Timothy McVeigh and linked to the Aryan Nations and other white supremacists groups was infiltrated and run by the Southern Poverty Law Center and the FBI .
The Black Bloc anarchists are a notorious government front .
In keeping with the well - documented “ strategy of tension ” technique pioneered by the CIA - NATO contrivance Gladio , so - called anarchists ( who were police agents provocateurs ) engaged in violence during the anti-globalist Genoa protests in 2001 .
As Alex Jones documents in his film Police State 2 : The Takeover , the Black Bloc anarchists in Seattle during the WTO protests of 1999 were effectively infiltrated and provocateured by the authorities .
During the Montebello globalist summit in Quebec in 2007 , several “ anarchists ” were outed as police agents .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
In short , many if not most of the terrorist groups listed in the “ Crisis Controlled ” document are false flag operations specifically designed to discredit and subvert legitimate opposition to the government .
Trooper John R. Wright ’s slideshow weighs heavily on “ protective measures ” against these manufactured threats .
He tells us that terrorists will try to “ fit in ” and cites Timothy McVeigh , Luke John Helder ( the so - called mailbox bomber ) , and Sarah Jane Olson as examples of people who on the surface appear to be average citizens .
Sarah Jane Olson , aka Kathleen Soliah , was a patsy member of the Symbionese Liberation Army , a classic government created terror group .
McVeigh ’s connection to the government is noted above .
Wright urges citizens to actively become snoops and instructs them to consider innocuous behavior as suspected terrorist activity .
People who avoid community contact and value privacy are to be considered possible terrorists , as well as those who make “ unusual purchases ” or have “ numerous visitors / meetings . ”
Wright ’s slideshow provides the following as an example of a terrorist lead :
“ I saw a white male , about 6 ft tall wearing black combat pants , a black t- shirt , and boots with the pants tucked in , taking notes for at least 2 hours outside the front entrance to the Courthouse .
He was standing near a brown Ford pick - up truck , PA SYE - 141 , with a rusting tailgate and a bumper sticker that said , “ Say No to the New World Order ” .
( Emphasis added . )
In other words , if you listen to Alex Jones , have an anti-NWO bumper sticker on your vehicle , or wear certain clothing you may be reported to the Virginia State Police as a possible terrorist worthy of “ subsequent investigation . ”
“ Crisis Controlled : Assessing Potential Threats of Violence ” is another example of an orchestrated effort by police agencies — now fully federalized and under the sway of the Department of Homeland Security — to designate legitimate and constitutionally protected opposition to government policies as violent terrorist activity .
On June 15 , Steve Watson reported on a Department of Defense anti-terrorism training course that characterized Americans exercising their First Amendment right as terrorists .
The ACLU contacted the DoD regarding its Antiterrorism and Force Protection Annual Refresher Training Course , which advises personnel that political protest amounts to “ low - level terrorism . ”
“ The ACLU points out that although in and of itself the classification of protest as terrorism is deeply disturbing , it is even more alarming when viewed in the context of the Pentagon ’s long term efforts to crack down on organized dissent , ” write Watson .
The Pentagon training course flagging protesters as terrorists came on the heels of the Department of Homeland Security ’s “ extremism ” report .
In the DHS report , pro-life , Second Amendment , anti-illegal immigration and “ antigovernment ” activists are characterized as terrorists .
An earlier report issued by the Missouri Information Analysis Center ( MIAC ) entitled “ The Modern Militia Movement ” and dated February 20 , 2009 , specifically described supporters of presidential candidates Ron Paul , Chuck Baldwin , and Bob Barr as “ militia ” influenced terrorists and instructed the Missouri police to be on the lookout for supporters displaying bumper stickers and other paraphernalia associated with the Constitutional , Campaign for Liberty , and Libertarian parties .
The MIAC report was subsequently pulled after Alex Jones went public with the story .
An anonymous police officer in Missouri had sent the MIAC report to Jones .
The Virginia State Police need to receive complaints about this latest document .
The Virginia State Police “ Terrorist Tip Hotline ” is 1-877-4VA -TIPS .
The telephone number to the Virginia State Police administrative headquarters is ( 804 ) 674-2936 .
The administrative office handles questions concerning Department policy and procedure ( email address : [ email protected ] ) .
Please contact the Virginia State Police and politely indicate you do not appreciate the police urging citizens to become snoops and characterizing lawful behavior as terrorism .
This article was posted : Sunday , June 21 , 2009 at 12:55 pm
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Some hospitals wait - list or transfer patients amid coronavirus surge
Hospitals have been especially overwhelmed in Green Bay , Wausau and the Fox Valley , which are among the state 's latest COVID - 19 hotspots .
Gay activists in Vermont may be as close as one vote to passing a gay marriage bill .
Thursday , the Vermont House approved a gay marriage bill by a 95 to 52 vote , 5 votes shy of the needed two - thirds majority to override a promised veto from Governor Jim Douglas .
The Senate OK'd the bill with the generous support of a 26 to 4 vote , so an override appears safe there .
Douglas ' office has said the governor would quickly veto the bill , perhaps as early as Monday .
Over the weekend , gay activists in the state mobilized , chasing down lawmakers believed to be on the fence .
Gay marriage in the first state to approve civil unions for gay and lesbian couples nine years ago may hinge on changing only one mind .
One member of the House , a likely gay marriage supporter , was absent during last week 's vote .
House Speaker Sap Smith , a Democrat from Morristown , also receives a vote under these circumstances .
And over the weekend , two lawmakers said they would change their vote out of anger at the governor 's contempt for House members .
The Associated Press reports that Rep. Albert “ Sonny ” Audette , a Democrat from Burlington , has said he would change his vote and called the governor 's threatened veto disrespectful .
“ We in the House are just as deserving of respect as he is , ” Audette , a member of the house Transportation Committee , told the news service .
“ He seems to think we 're nothing but a bunch of peons down there . ”
In delivering his veto threat , Douglas , a Republican , chided lawmakers for ignoring pressing economic issues , but failed to give a reason for his opposition .
Audette gave a stirring speech on the floor of the House Thursday night .
He said he held no animosity towards gay couples but was bound by his Catholic faith to vote against the bill .
“ I am a devout Catholic , ” Audette said .
“ My religion at this point would not want me to vote for this .
I wish that I could and I hope for the best and I congratulate the people who are trying to get this through . ”
Gay activists in Vermont were determined to find that lone vote or change the governor 's mind .
Beth Robinson , executive director of Vermont Freedom to Marry , would not comment on the specifics of her group 's lobbying efforts in the twilight of the campaign but did say she expected the vote to be a “ nail bitter . ”
“ We 're doing everything we can to reach legislators , tell our stories , and urge them to support fairness for our families , ” Robinson told On Top Magazine in an email Sunday .
“ We 're hoping for the best . ”
Over the weekend , volunteers were busy manning phone banks in Burlington , canvassing neighborhoods , and asking supporters to call and email their representatives and the governor .
“ Many supporters – mostly straight and many not historically political – have stepped up to the plate , ” Robinson said .
“ We 're certainly getting really close .
And I 'm hopeful we can get over the top , ” Rep. David Zuckerman , a Progressive from Burlington , told the AP .
“ The question is , are there other ' nos ' that we can persuade to help us out ? ”
The override vote may take place as early as Tuesday , if Douglas vetoes the bill on Monday as expected .
If Vermont legalizes gay marriage , it would become the first state to do so legislatively .
Last week , Iowa became the third state to allow gay marriage after the state Supreme Court unanimously threw out a 1998 gay marriage ban .
Holly is still in High School .
A So. California Valley girl .
She 's so sweet and did her first toys and masturbation videos for us .
Because of my reputation we are usually the first .
We had a fun day including playing in a toy pool .
She also has a real orgasm on each of the two videos .
If all the girls were like her , this would be a very very fun job .
Not a slut , just a girl trying to go to college .
I like them best when they are like Holly .
-ron
To the hundreds of investors who trusted her , Kalin Dao seemed to prove that the American dream still exists .
The 32 - year - old Minneapolis woman immigrated from Vietnam as a child .
She overcame serious physical disabilities that left her with a profound limp .
She graduated from South High in Minneapolis and went on to study economics and business at the University of St. Thomas for three years .
And in 2006 , after running her own travel businesses , she launched into what she had described as a can't - lose investment program focusing on securities , real estate , entertainment promotions and commodities .
But her dream of success turned out to be a nightmare , both for her investors -- who lost millions -- and for Dao , who pleaded guilty in a Minneapolis federal courtroom Thursday to conspiracy and money laundering charges .
Not only that , but if her parents fail to follow through with their related guilty pleas next month , the government says it will rescind Dao 's deal .
The 4 - foot - 11 Dao did n't seem like the kingpin of a multimillion - dollar Ponzi scheme as she hobbled up to the witness stand with the aid of a cane Thursday .
But Sgt. Kent Warnberg , a Minneapolis cop who first investigated Dao in 2002 in connection with an alleged credit card scam , then later as part of an alleged illegal gambling operation , said she fools a lot of people .
Investors trusted her bright and engaging manner .
They said she responded quickly to their questions and always had reasonable answers about how she was investing their money .
Dao finally came clean Thursday when U.S. District Judge Joan Ericksen asked her to explain what she did in her own words .
" Well , I did use the money ... for sports betting and table gaming , " Dao admitted .
Besides gambling , she admitted to sending payments to early investors as a way to lure others into her scheme .
Dao was described by a co-conspirator as high - roller at Las Vegas casinos .
According to her plea bargain documents , Dao formed a company called TD Financial Services Inc. in April 2006 to solicit funds .
She set up a website that described how the money would be placed into targeted investments with specific markets and industries .
The company 's promotional materials boasted that Dao and others who worked with her had investment backgrounds , and that a " partner " in the business had a seat on the New York Stock Exchange .
The website said Dao and her colleagues held financial planning licenses and a " Series 7 " license entitling them to sell securities .
But none of that was true .
And in December 2006 , Dao signed a consent decree with the Minnesota Department of Commerce that prohibited TD Financial from selling securities without a license .
She changed the name of the company a few weeks later to NLC Venture Group .
( Dao , through Assistant Federal Defender Lyonel Norris , said the name change was prompted by a threatened lawsuit from TD Financial Bank Group in Toronto , which was concerned that her company name would confuse its customers . )
Regardless , Dao kept promoting her investments through NLC .
Her company claimed to have an exclusive software program that helped it to determine the best time to buy and sell investments , and it claimed that its contacts in Asia made it privy to inside investment information .
Dao 's company also claimed to have special relationships with Las Vegas casinos , which provided other investment opportunities .
Perhaps that explains why investors did n't raise questions when she had them wire money to her at the casinos .
Dao 's company said investors could reap returns as high as 2,200 percent over 18 months .
Dao said she and she alone created phony statements to mail to her investors .
" I 'm a little bit concerned for my parents because it 's part of the plea agreement here , " she told Judge Ericksen .
" I would like to be sure the government is going to keep its agreement with them . "
Bumblebee tree services are becoming more popular because they can help you prevent further damage to your tree .
You need to know that there are different kinds of techniques that you can employ when it comes to preventing damage to trees .
Some techniques you can do on your own , others require assistance from a tree professional .
If you are interested in having different types of tree service in Cairns , you can hire an experienced tree professional to provide you safe tree lopping and removal .
In this way , you will be able to enjoy the beauty of your tree for years to come .
Here are some of the advantages of hiring professionals .
One of the advantages of hiring Bumblebee tree services Cairns is that they are trained to handle the situations that usually occur .
They can handle damages caused by car crashes , animals , tree diseases and insects .
They will also be able to ensure that you and your family will be able to enjoy the great outdoor beauty of your tree for many years to come .
Bumblebee tree services are also well known for their friendly attitude towards clients .
This means that when your tree gets damaged , they will be there to help you get the services you need and will work hard to make sure that you do not have to pay for unnecessary repairs .
This can be very helpful especially if you are paying a lot for your tree services .
Another benefit to hiring a bumblebee tree service is that they have the right equipment to handle any kind of situation .
For example , when they plan to cut the top of your tree , they will have tools that they use to cut the tree without causing any damage to your tree .
They will also be prepared to handle any type of situations such as invasive plants and pests .
When you are ready to hire Bumblebee tree services Cairns , it is best to do so sooner rather than later .
When you wait too long , the process will be delayed and you will not be able to get the help you need .
You can also take advantage of tree experts in Cairns to ensure that you have a great tree with the proper care and attention you need .
There are many advantages to hiring bumblebee tree services .
However , these benefits can only be enjoyed when you take advantage of Bumblebee tree services Cairns .
This is why you should take advantage of the advice that is provided by them .
You can benefit from the right advice when you get into trouble .
Many people have experienced problems with their trees and other things that they may not be able to handle on their own .
However , you can still take advantage of their expertise in order to make sure that you do not have to pay for unnecessary repairs or replacements .
When you are ready to hire great tree services , you should be aware of the types of services that you can have .
You will need to determine whether you want them to remove dead and diseased wood from your tree or whether you want them to just trim your tree to the proper height .
You will also need to choose between being removed or left standing .
When you choose between being removed or left standing , it is best to hire Bumblebee tree services Cairns .
This is because they will have the right equipment to handle any situation you may encounter .
They also have trained professionals who will make sure that you get what you need to maintain your tree .
If you need some great knowledge about how to keep your tree healthy , you should hire professionals who have had plenty of experience with handling various trees .
This is because they will know the correct ways to care for your tree to ensure that it is as healthy as possible .
It is better to be safe than sorry when it comes to bumblebee tree services .
Hiring Bumblebee tree services Cairns is the best way to enjoy your trees .
In fact , it is one of the best ways to ensure that you will enjoy beautiful tree beauty for years to come .
and do so without paying too much for unnecessary repairs .
Last week my wife had a surgical procedure performed at a fairly new hospital in Fort Worth .
The doctor was remarkable , the nurses and staff were great and every step of the process was markedly pleasant and uncomplicated .
Since my wife has good insurance , she did n’t have to save for months to afford the procedure or wait till the last minute and stagger into an emergency room .
There was no crowd and no waiting room filled with the bloody , dazed or urgently infirm .
It was red carpet treatment .
The hospital even offered valet parking in the patient drop - off area .
Not to be ungrateful , but it made me uncomfortable .
It was almost like a country club .
My wife and I are barely on the middle side of middle class .
The only reason she received this superb treatment is because her employer offers an outstanding benefit package .
Without her job , we might have wound up at a cheap clinic or over at a public hospital where the closest you get to valet is an ambulance .
Later in the day , after my wife was safely back home and I was watching my youngest son play soccer , I looked out at all the boys and wondered if their families had decent insurance and what kind of treatment they ’d receive if a serious ailment arose .
What if their parents did n’t have good insurance ?
What if their parents did n’t make enough money ?
Who in good conscience could stand up and say one person or his or her children deserved better medical care than another ?
Who would do that ?
That ’s easy .
The good ‘ol U.S. of A..
That ’s how our healthcare system is currently run , right now , every day .
Figuratively speaking , if you have money , you stay at the front of the line .
If you do n’t you languish at the rear , limping forward till it ’s your turn .
If you have good insurance , you get V.I.P. treatment and valet parking .
If you have bad insurance , they get to you as soon as possible , but the cost is often more debilitating than the injury you get treated for .
If you have no insurance , they get to you when and if they can .
And only after you ’ve staggered into the ER from your car .
My grandfather on my mom ’s side was involved in one of the forward campaigns of D - Day .
He got shot squarely in the upper part of one of his thighs and lay on the battlefield , probably thinking he was going to die .
But he did n’t .
A German combat medic came to his side and treated his wound .
My grandfather did n’t speak German and I do n’t know if the German medic spoke English .
But I doubt he asked my grandfather if he had money for the procedure or good insurance so the Third Reich could be reimbursed for his life - saving treatment .
My grandfather — the enemy — was wounded .
And the German medic simply did his job , regardless of uniform , nationality , rank , class , etc .
American combat medics are instructed to do the same .
Such treatment is mandated by the Geneva Convention , but apparently it does n’t apply to American civilians .
Arguably , my grandfather received better and fairer treatment on the battlefield from the enemy than many Americans get from their own healthcare system today .
And make no mistake .
The medical industry and the insurance companies that discriminately dole out access to its wares too often treat the poor , the disenfranchised and the migratory with less respect than they would afford an enemy .
I do n’t blame the doctors or nurses or surgeons .
I blame the system .
Any system that offers better or worse treatment for my child or any of his soccer teammates or their parents because they have more or less money or better or worse insurance is wrong , unconscionable and evil .
The Declaration of Independence clearly states that we are all endowed with certain unalienable rights , among these “ Life , Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness . ”
The right of “ Life ” is made alienable by our healthcare system .
It ’s un-American and it ’s unacceptable and the Obama administration is trying to do something about it as you read these words .
So think real hard before you laud the status quo or oppose a major overhaul in the inflated , bankrupting nightmare that serious medical treatment amounts to for millions of people in this country .
If you found yourself on the lower rungs of the economic ladder or the uninsured end of our healthcare system , you would n’t want to be dying on the health insurance industry ’s class battlefield .
There might not be any Nazis around to save you .
Some bidders have rejected the oil ministry 's terms
Only one of the bidders for the eight contracts to run oil and gas fields in Iraq has accepted oil ministry terms .
Six oil fields and two gas fields were available in a televised auction that was the first big oil tender in Iraq since the invasion of 2003 .
BP and China 's CNPC agreed to run the 17 billion barrel Rumaila field after Exxon Mobil turned it down .
Iraq has asked the rest of the companies to consider resubmitting bids for the other seven contracts .
The oil ministry is offering 20 - year service contracts .
Other fields have failed to find buyers , either because there were no bidders or because terms were declined .
Thirty - two oil companies had been approved as potential bidders .
Red envelope
For each field , the ministry specified a minimum production level , which was close to the amount that is currently being produced .
FIRMS REJECTING TERMS CNOOC Sinopec ConocoPhillips Eni Occidental Petroleum Korea Gas Corp Exxon Mobil Royal Dutch Shell Petronas ONGC Gazprom Turkish Petroleum Corp
The bidders will not be paid for anything up to the minimum production level - but they say how much they want to be paid for each barrel produced above the minimum , and also predict how much oil they will be able to produce .
From that , the auctioneers pick a winning bidder .
However , there is another twist .
In a red envelope , the auctioneers have the maximum amount that the oil ministry is prepared to pay .
Those amounts were significantly less than the oil companies were asking for , so the winning bidders were asked to cut their prices .
In the case of the Rumaila field , Exxon Mobil declined to accept the ministry 's maximum payment , but BP and CNPC , which had originally asked for $ 4 a barrel , agreed to do the work for $ 2 a barrel .
They will also be able to charge the ministry for the costs of the work they have to do on the production facilities .
The contracts are subject to approval by the cabinet .
Other winning bidders declined to accept the ministry 's maximum payments .
Raising production Before the auction , Iraqi officials said companies from nations involved in the 2003 invasion would be neither favoured nor disadvantaged .
The auction was originally planned for Monday , but had to be delayed because of sandstorms in Baghdad .
" Our principal objective is to increase our oil production from 2.4 million barrels per day to more than four million in the next five years , " Oil Minister Hussein al - Shahristani told Iraqi public television .
Iraq has the world 's third - largest proven oil reserves , with 115 billion barrels , of which the fields up for auction account for about 43 billion barrels .
But there has been some controversy about the auction , with members of the Iraqi parliament objecting to not having the chance to approve the deals .
Parliament has not yet passed an oil bill .
Some observers have suggested that the decision to award service contracts , instead of the more common production - sharing contracts , was taken to make it easier to proceed without such a bill being passed .
Under a production - sharing contract , an oil company would recoup its costs and then be entitled to a proportion of the oil extracted , instead of being paid a fixed fee for each barrel .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
LONG BEACH , California – Swarthmore psychologist Barry Schwartz , author of the Paradox of Choice delivers the final presentation of TED 2009 on Saturday .
He spoke previously at TED about the suffering and paralysis that having too much choice engenders .
Lately he and Swarthmore colleague Kenneth Sharpe have been examining wisdom , in particular " practical wisdom , " which Schwartz says is in short supply these days .
Wired.com spoke to Schwartz about wisdom , moral skill without moral will , and the Machiavellian motivations of Bernard Madoff .
Wired :
You call practical wisdom the " master virtue . "
What is practical wisdom and why is it important ?
Barry Schwartz : Very central to Aristotle was the notion that to do the right thing , and ultimately to be happy , required that you be a person with the right character – courage , honesty , perseverance , and so on ....
The problem was that having these virtues was n't enough , because , how courageous should you be and when should you be courageous ?
The circumstances we face from day to day are varied and multiple , so you ca n’t be formulaic about it .
You need to use your judgment .
And the virtue that is the judgment virtue is what he called " practical wisdom . "
It 's knowing when and how to display the other virtues .
It 's knowing how to choose when two virtues conflict .
Wired :
It sounds like you 're talking about the ability to reason .
BS : Well it ’s a particular kind of reason .
Practical wisdom is what 's called for in situations that have a moral dimension to them .
There are dozens of decisions we make every day that call upon us to be wise in our interactions with other people ....
They 're usually too small for us to even appreciate that there 's a moral dilemma to them .
And that 's the kind of thing we think wisdom applies to .
The way Ken and I talk about wisdom , it 's composed of two different components .
One is what we call moral skill , which is the ability to figure out what 's called for in a given situation .
It 's kind of analogous to what people call emotional intelligence –- the ability to read people , understand where they 're coming from , what they 're aspiring to .
The second component is moral will , which is the desire to do the right thing .
If you have lots of moral skill but not the will do to the right thing , then you 're a [ Bernard ]
Madoff because you use all of the moral skill to manipulate people to serve your ends .
It 's Machiavellian if it 's de-coupled from the desire to do the right thing .
Wired :
You 've said in the past that we 've lost practical wisdom .
How and when did we lose it ?
BS : I think it 's a gradual process .
We 've lost it in part because we do n't appreciate how important it is and what it takes to develop it .
It takes two things to develop wisdom ....
You need to have autonomy , and you need to try things [ and ] see them fail and get feedback and slowly over time develop a kind of sensitivity to what each situation demands .
If you put people in a situation where they are rigidly following rules , they will never have the opportunity to develop this judgment .
Rules eliminate the need for judgment .
And one of the things we have increasingly done in American society – partly I think because we 're worried about somebody suing us – is we develop more and more rules and take individual discretion increasingly out of the hands of the people who actually provide the service [ in a company or organization ] .
Wired :
You say that rules are the enemy of moral skill .
But many people are saying that the country 's current financial meltdown was caused by an absence of rules and regulations .
BS : I think that 's a correct assessment .
What the Reagan / Bush free - market ideology has done is basically said take all the rules away , they hamstring people .
The market will take care of producing efficient outcomes for everyone .
And that was clearly an unmitigated disaster .
So I 'm not talking about getting rid of rules .
I 'm talking about getting rid of the idea that rules are enough .
People who work in financial services do n’t have one shred of concern about the well - being of the people they serve .
They 're only interested in themselves .
And why are they that way ?
Part of our argument is that when you incentivize everything , you de-moralize it , you take the moral dimensions out of it .
Arguably , in the olden days , bankers wanted to make money , but they also wanted to serve clients and communities .
What that means was that there was a certain way to proceed if you were a banker to make sure that people were not taking on more debt than they could handle , that people were putting away enough money so that when they retired they would be able to pay their mortgage and buy food and clothing ....
Nobody thinks that way anymore .
When you rely on incentives , you undermine virtues .
Then when you discover that you actually need people who want to do the right thing , those people do n't exist because you 've crushed anyone 's desire to do the right thing with all these incentives .
And if you bring in a new set of people to replace them – virtuous , moral people who want to do the right thing – and they 're subjected to the same set of incentives , they 're going to become just like the people they replaced .
I 'm not talking about getting rid of incentives ; people have to make a living .
But people need to understand that rules and incentives are n't enough ....
The more rules and incentives you have , the less wisdom you will have .
There needs to be room left on the one hand to nurture in people the desire to do the right thing and on the other hand to give them the tools so that they 'll know what the right thing is .
This incredible pressure to increase payoffs is an obstacle to doing the right thing .
You will never be able to create a system of incentives that rewards people for doing the right thing .
The system of incentives may start out that way , but very quickly clever people will find ways to ... game it .
The current system of incentives in the financial industry , which is responsible for so much of what has happened - – you know , huge bonuses
–- this was put in place 15 years ago as the solution
to the incentive problem .
The incentive problem was , CEOs make this cushy salary and they do n't give a shit what happens to the company , because they 're getting paid .
So how do we make them work hard to improve the productivity of the company ?
I have it !
Let 's give them a bonus !
And when this got proposed it was like the scales were removed from people 's eyes .
I never thought of that !
How brilliant can you be !
And , you know , for 20 minutes it worked .
And then people found a way to make their company look like it was doing well in the short - run , then collect their bonus and be sitting on a beach someplace when everything caved in .
The idea that the current system was the solution to a problem is lost on people .
The idea that you can come up with another solution that somehow is going to be immune to being gamed is just hubris .
Wired :
How do you nurture people to do the right thing ?
BS : I think the first step toward achieving these things is appreciating that the tools we currently use are not sufficient ....
The step after that is to identify and acknowledge the existence of moral exemplars – if you like , moral heroes – that the people you 're training can aspire to emulate .
And they do n't have to be people who do extraordinary things .
There are people who do small things that count as moral heroes .
And then giving the people you 're training the room both to improvise and to have room in their lives for wanting to do the right thing and not just the profitable thing .
Wired :
We 've just come out of an important presidential election , and everyone talks about feeling a change in the air since
Barack Obama was elected .
Do you think there are signs that there might be a return to the kind of things you 're talking about ?
BS : Absolutely .
The question is how does this get cashed in concretely .
At the end of his inaugural address , Obama appealed to the
American people to show two things : one was hope , the other was virtue .
What an odd word to choose ... virtue .
He said in these troubled times , we ’re fighting this war , and all we have left is our hope and our virtue and that will be enough for us to overcome .
So he 's appealing to us to be good people .
Now you can't just exhort people to be good and they 'll be good .
You need to take some of the pressure off that gets in the way of people being good .
So there 's a lot of stuff that has to get done in order for virtue to actually get nurtured and for people to be willing to express it ....
There 's a very nice study that was done years ago where divinity students have to walk across the Harvard campus and give a sermon on the parable of the Good Samaritan .
And as they 're making this walk , they pass somebody lying on the street .
Now one group of people is told , " You 're late .
Hurry up . "
The other group of people , there 's no time pressure .
So here they are , hurrying across the campus , rehearsing the speech they 're about to make , and they essentially step on this poor person who needs help .
And that 's the kind of pressure I mean .
Everyone is capable of behaving badly under the right circumstances .
And the idea is to try to make it a little easier for people to do the right thing and remove some of the barriers .
Obama also said , about three weeks before the inauguration in a press conference , he said it 's not enough to ask , Is it profitable ?
You have to ask , is it right ?
This is another idea that 's foreign to people in the financial world .
There are only two things that matter in the financial world – is it profitable and is it legal ?
Right has nothing to do with it .
And he 's saying right has something to do with it .
Where does that come from ?
It certainly does n't come from the last 20 years of American financial history or American politics .
And I think he 's exactly right .
That is the question that people in every walk of life need to be asking .
Is it right ?
And he may inspire people to ask that question and to live with the answer .
Wired.com reports from TED 2009 :
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Four men were arrested late on Wednesday over alleged plots to attack targets in and near New York .
The four planned to blow up synagogues and use Stinger missiles to bring down military planes , US prosecutors said .
The men were seized after allegedly planting what they thought were bombs near two synagogues in the Bronx area .
They earlier agreed to buy explosives from FBI agents posing as Islamic militants .
New York has been on alert for a new terror attack since 9/11 .
The four are charged with conspiracy to use weapons of mass destruction within the US and conspiracy to acquire and use anti-aircraft missiles , officials said .
The charges carry jail terms of between 25 years and life imprisonment .
SEALED COMPLAINT
FBI 's allegations in full
( Source : New York Times )
[ 386 KB ]
Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here
New York terror sting detailed
The four , all Muslims , are to appear in a federal court later .
They were named as James Cromitie ( also known as Abdul Rahman ) , David Williams ( aka Daoud and DL ) , Onta Williams ( aka Hamza ) and Laguerre Payen ( aka Amin and Almondo ) .
A senior FBI official in New York said three were US citizens and one was from Haiti .
BBC defence and security correspondent Rob Watson says the case appears to be a classic sting operation against suspected home - grown militants rather than a plot with any links to known international terrorism .
New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said the alleged plot showed " homeland security threats against New York City [ were ] sadly all too real " .
' Sought weapons '
The arrests were the result of a year - long investigation , officials said .
The Riverdale Temple was one of the targets , the authorities say " The defendants wanted to engage in terrorist attacks , " said Lev Dassin , acting US attorney for the Southern District of New York .
" They selected targets and sought the weapons necessary to carry out their plans . "
According to prosecutors , the men planned to detonate cars packed with C - 4 plastic explosives outside the Riverdale Temple and the Riverdale Jewish Center in the Bronx district of the city .
They also intended to target military planes at the New York Air National Guard base at Stewart Airport , 60 miles ( 85 km ) north of New York City .
See a map of alleged targets
In their efforts to obtain weapons for the attack , the men dealt with an informant from the FBI , who provided the group " with an inactive missile and inert explosives . "
" They had bags that were set up that they believed to be bombs , carrying about 30 pounds of explosives which they believed to be explosives , " FBI official Joseph Demarest told reporters .
' Afghan war anger '
According to prosecutors , Mr Cromitie - whose parents are from Afghanistan - told an FBI informant in June 2008 that he was angry over the US - led war in Afghanistan .
The suspects allegedly wanted to attack National Guard planes
He " expressed an interest in ' doing something to America " ' .
From October 2008 , the informant began meeting him regularly along with the four others at a house in which the FBI had concealed video and audio equipment .
The group allegedly " expressed desire " to attack targets in New York and Mr Cromitie " asked the informant to supply surface - to - air guided missiles and explosives " , prosecutors say .
In April 2009 , the group agreed on the synagogues they intended to attack and proceeded to conduct surveillance , including taking photographs of the warplanes at the military base , prosecutors say .
Mr Cromitie allegedly pointed out Jews in the street , saying " if he had a gun , he would shoot each one in the head " , according to the district attorney 's statement .
According to the statement , he told the informant that attacking the Jewish community centre would be a " piece of cake " .
He also said he would be interested in joining Jaish - e - Mohammed - a Pakistan - based group considered a terrorist organisation by Washington - " to do jihad " .
Click here to return
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Eyevine
“ PAYING for what you spend is basic common sense .
Perhaps that 's why , here in Washington , it 's been so elusive , ” said Barack Obama on June 9th .
He was urging Congress to pass a new “ pay - as - you - go ” ( PAYGO ) plan that would oblige it to pay for new spending either by raising taxes or by cutting outlays .
By following the same principles that guide “ responsible families managing a budget ” , he said , Americans could dig the country out of the “ very deep hole ” that “ the reckless fiscal policies of the past have left us in ” .
Republicans marvel at his skill in stealing their clothes .
Democrats retort that , under George Bush , Republicans left their clothes unguarded while they cavorted in a hot tub of borrowed cash .
Sure , they talked about fiscal responsibility .
But instead of choosing between tax cuts , wars and social spending , they chose all three — and left the bill for future generations .
Whenever Republicans accuse Mr Obama of fiscal profligacy , Democrats have three easy answers .
The first is to accuse them of hypocrisy — why did conservatives not speak up when Mr Bush was splurging red ink ?
The second is to blame all fiscal problems on Mr Bush .
The third is to argue that although Mr Obama 's deficit is large , it is a needed and temporary response to an emergency .
In this deep recession only the government can prop up demand and fend off economic disaster .
Yet budget hawks are far from reassured .
Bad as the deficit was under Mr Bush , it will quadruple this year , from $ 459 billion in 2008 to $ 1.85 trillion ( from 3.2 % of GDP to 13.1 % ) , according to the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) .
Mr Obama vows to halve it within four years , but that will still leave it bigger than the deficits for which he once lashed Mr Bush .
Mr Obama 's aides hint that he will get tough when the time is right , but he is reluctant to break campaign promises of tax cuts for all but the rich just yet .
The CBO reckons the deficit will still be running at more than $ 1 trillion a year in 2019 ( see chart ) .
It estimates that the accumulated debt will have hit almost $ 19 trillion by then .
Yet it was only last October ( see picture above ) that it breached $ 10 trillion , requiring an extra digit to be added to the famous debt clock off Times Square .
All such projections are tentative , of course .
The bank bail - out could cost less than expected .
Health - care reform could cost more .
Congress seems determined that a proposed cap - and - trade system for carbon emissions , which Mr Obama was counting on to raise hundreds of billions of dollars , will raise only a fraction of that .
A faster - than - expected economic recovery could restore the national balance sheet to something resembling health .
A sluggish one could rip it to shreds .
Sceptics fret that PAYGO will do little to address the deficit because it has four big loopholes .
The rules will not apply to the annual “ patches ” passed to lessen the impact of the Alternative Minimum Tax , a levy originally aimed at rich tax - dodgers but which now ensnares millions of middle - class Americans .
Also exempted are Mr Obama 's planned extension of many of Mr Bush 's middle - class tax cuts , modifications to the estate tax and some increases in payments to doctors by Medicare ( the public health plan for the elderly ) .
Those exceptions would add $ 2.5 trillion to the deficit over ten years , reckons Maya MacGuineas of the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget , a non-partisan watchdog .
“ This is like quitting drinking , but making an exception for beer and hard liquor , ” she says .
Meanwhile , the long - term fiscal outlook grows ever grimmer .
Americans are getting older .
The government 's unfunded obligations to give the elderly pensions and health care are equivalent to a debt of $ 483,000 for every household .
Some find this alarming .
Peter Peterson , a private - equity billionaire , is spending most of his fortune trying to educate the public about the perils of fiscal incontinence .
The wave of “ tea party ” protests that swept the country on April 15th was evidence that plenty of voters are worried .
Republicans think they see an opening .
Although Mr Obama is still very popular — his approval rating is 67 % — Americans have doubts about his fiscal stewardship .
In a recent Gallup poll , 51 % disapproved of his handling of federal spending .
Since this is the only area where most people disapprove of Mr Obama , Republicans are enthusiastically prodding it .
“ There 's going to come a point where it 's going to be impossible to get people to buy our bonds at affordable prices , ” says Paul Ryan , the leading Republican on the House budget committee .
He fears that the Democrats will create a huge new spending programme — a national health - care plan — while making little effort to curb spending in other areas .
That , he predicts , will lead to crushing taxes on middle - class Americans , a lower standard of living and higher unemployment .
Mr Ryan offers brave and obvious proposals to fix the budget , such as raising the retirement age .
Most of his Republican colleagues , however , prefer not to be pinned down .
When asked for specific examples of what they would cut , they tend to waffle about waste and fraud .
This week Newt Gingrich , a former speaker of the House of Representatives , boldly came out against dodgy claims for disability payments by railway workers on Long Island .
Politically , it makes sense to pick on soft targets .
Americans stopped trusting Republicans with their money in part because some conservatives were caught trousering bribes or peddling influence .
Now that Democrats control Washington , the sleaze is more likely to be Democratic .
Thus Republicans are making much of the fact that Barney Frank , the Democrat who heads the mighty House financial - services committee , somehow persuaded the government - owned General Motors not to shut a factory in his district .
Firms linked to Jack Murtha , a Democrat notorious for earmarking funds for his home town , are under investigation .
So far , there is little sign that Republican attacks on Democratic profligacy have had much bite , says Stuart Rothenberg , a political analyst .
But he thinks that the longer they are out of power , the more their message will resonate .
The Democrats have only a brief chance to show they are serious about putting America 's finances in order .
The bond market will punish them if they fail , and the voters will follow suit .
Description :
Full - Disk - Encryption Crash - Course
Talk Outline :
The video was referred to us by an Anonymous viewer using the "
" form .
This is the video of the presentation titled " " given by FJuergen Pabel at the 25th Chaos Communication Congress .
This is not a hacking presentation , no vulnerabilities are presented .
It 's a crash - course in full - disk - encryption ( " FDE " ) concepts , products and implementation aspects .
An overview of both commercial and open - source offerings for Windows , Linux , and MacOSX is given .
A ( programmer 's ) look at the open - source solutions concludes the presentation .
Full - Disk - Encryption is an important aspect of data security and everyone should use an appropriate solution to protect their ( especially mobile ) systems and data .
This lecture covers the technology behind Full - Disk - Encryption software products .
The established technical architectures of software solutions for Microsoft Windows and Linux are presented in this lecture : Pre-Boot - Authentication , encryption driver and in - place filesystem encryption .
An overview of commercial products and open - source offerings for Windows , Linux and OSX is given .
Distinguishing features of specific products and additional topics are covered , including : TPM support ( OS binding and key storage ) , multi- disk support and threats .
The last segment of the lecture focuses on open - source solutions : TrueCrypt ' s volume specifications , TrueCrypt 's hidden volume capabilities and a comparison of in - place filesystem encryption implementations of TrueCrypt and DiskCryptor .
A feature wish - list for open - source Full - Disk - Encryption solutions completes the lecture .
Share Tweet Koko Taylor Quotes “ Raucous , gritty , good - time blues … .
Taylor belts out blues in a gravel voice with ferocious intensity .
Foot - stomping music that ’s rough , raw and wonderfully upbeat . ”
— people
“ Chicago ’s best blues singer … she has fire in her lungs . ”
— Chicago Sun-Times
“ This seemingly ageless wonder pours her heart out with fire and emotion .
Her singing is full of raw growls and grunts , her voice often building in intensity until it explodes . ”
— LA Times
“ One of the greatest female singers in R&B history . ”
— Austin Chronicle
“ Searing power and a steely emotional tautness … she radiates a warmth that borders on the spiritual ; few performers in any genre are as capable as she is of generating genuine intimacy out of fervid house - rocking moments …. a living treasure . ”
— Chicago Reader
“ Koko Taylor will kick your butt up and down the room…raw , rompin ’ , stompin ’ , barn - burnin ’ blues .
Contemporary blues just do n’t get any better than this . ”
— Blues Access
“ Mother Nature ’s got nothing on blues legend Koko Taylor . ”
— San Francisco Examiner - Chronicle
“ Raucous , raunchy , good humored Chicago - styled blues … she unleashed like a hurricane .
She attacks her material like a pitbull , ripping through the lyrics with a vengeance . ”
— Jazz Times
“ Her punchy , hard - driving blues can still send El Nino - sized shivers through the atmosphere ….
There may be no living artist who more palpably embodies the jolting , live - wire feel of Chicago blues than Koko Taylor ….
she is indeed a force of nature , putting her bluesy , blistering vocal signature on everything she touches . ”
— Chicago Tribune
“ Koko Taylor is the blues , a sweaty , growling goddess of down - and - dirty .
Sheer , unstoppable shouting power , full steam ahead and damn the torpedoes .
Rocking , good - time blues … booming , earthy grit . ”
— Boston Globe
“ When Koko Taylor cuts loose , she rattles the walls . ”
— San Francisco Bay Guardian “
A howl , a growl and a full - throated fury that forms deep in her abdomen and reaches a roar by the time it hits her mouth . ”
— Detroit Free Press
Biography Grammy Award - winning blues legend Koko Taylor , 80 , died on June 3 , 2009 in her hometown of Chicago , IL , as a result of complications following her May 19 surgery to correct a gastrointestinal bleed .
On May 7 , 2009 , the critically acclaimed Taylor , known worldwide as the “ Queen of the Blues , ” won her 29th Blues Music Award ( for Traditional Female Blues Artist Of The Year ) , making her the recipient of more Blues Music Awards than any other artist .
In 2004 she received the NEA National Heritage Fellowship Award , which is among the highest honors given to an American artist .
Her most recent CD , 2007 ’s Old School , was nominated for a Grammy ( eight of her nine Alligator albums were Grammy - nominated ) .
She won a Grammy in 1984 for her guest appearance on the compilation album Blues Explosion on Atlantic .
Born Cora Walton on a sharecropper ’s farm just outside Memphis , TN , on September 28 , 1928 , Koko , nicknamed for her love of chocolate , fell in love with music at an early age .
Inspired by gospel music and WDIA blues disc jockeys B.B. King and Rufus Thomas , Taylor began belting the blues with her five brothers and sisters , accompanying themselves on their homemade instruments .
In 1952 , Taylor and her soon - to - be - husband , the late Robert “ Pops ” Taylor , traveled to Chicago with nothing but , in Koko ’s words , “ thirty - five cents and a box of Ritz Crackers . ”
In Chicago , “ Pops ” worked for a packing company , and Koko cleaned houses .
Together they frequented the city ’s blues clubs nightly .
Encouraged by her husband , Koko began to sit in with the city ’s top blues bands , and soon she was in demand as a guest artist .
One evening in 1962 Koko was approached by arranger / composer Willie Dixon .
Overwhelmed by Koko ’s performance , Dixon landed Koko a Chess Records recording contract , where he produced her several singles , two albums and penned her million - selling 1965 hit “ Wang Dang Doodle , ” which would become Taylor ’s signature song .
After Chess Records was sold , Taylor found a home with the Chicago ’s Alligator Records in 1975 and released the Grammy - nominated I Got What It Takes .
She recorded eight more albums for Alligator between 1978 and 2007 , received seven more Grammy nominations and made numerous guest appearances on various albums and tribute recordings .
Koko appeared in the films Wild At Heart , Mercury Rising and Blues Brothers 2000 .
She performed on Late Night With David Letterman , Late Night With Conan O’Brien , CBS - TV’s This Morning , National Public Radio ’s All Things Considered , CBS - TV’s Early Edition , and numerous regional television programs .
Over the course of her 40 - plus - year career , Taylor received every award the blues world has to offer .
On March 3 , 1993 , Chicago Mayor Richard M. Daley honored Taylor with a “ Legend Of The Year ” Award and declared “ Koko Taylor Day ” throughout Chicago .
In 1997 , she was inducted into the Blues Foundation ’s Hall of Fame .
A year later , Chicago Magazine named her “ Chicagoan Of The Year ” and , in 1999 , Taylor received the Blues Foundation ’s Lifetime Achievement Award .
In 2009 Taylor performed in Washington , D.C. at The Kennedy Center Honors honoring Morgan Freeman .
Koko Taylor was one of very few women who found success in the male - dominated blues world .
She took her music from the tiny clubs of Chicago ’s South Side to concert halls and major festivals all over the world .
She shared stages with every major blues star , including Muddy Waters , Howlin ’ Wolf , B.B. King , Junior Wells and Buddy Guy as well as rock icons Robert Plant and Jimmy Page .
Taylor ’s final performance was on May 7 , 2009 in Memphis at the Blues Music Awards , where she sang “ Wang Dang Doodle ” after receiving her award for Traditional Blues Female Artist Of The Year .
SELECTED DISCOGRAPHY
SOLO RECORDINGS :
• Koko Taylor ( Chess )
• Basic Soul ( Chess )
• South Side Baby ( originally Black & Blue ;
reissued on Evidence )
• I Got What It Takes ( Alligator )
• The Earthshaker ( Alligator )
• From The Heart Of A Woman ( Alligator )
• Queen Of The Blues ( Alligator )
• Live From Chicago — An Audience
With The Queen ( Alligator )
• Jump For Joy ( Alligator )
• Force Of Nature ( Alligator )
• Royal Blue ( Alligator )
• Deluxe Edition ( Alligator )
• Old School ( Alligator )
OTHER APPEARANCES :
• Blues Deluxe ( XRT )
• The Alligator Records 20th
Anniversary Tour ( Alligator )
• The Alligator Records Christmas
Collection ( Alligator )
• Alligator Records ’ Genuine
Houserockin’ Christmas ( Alligator )
• Blues Explosion ( Atlantic )
• Blues Summit ( B.B. King – MCA )
• Blues Down Deep : Songs Of
Janis Joplin ( House Of Blues )
• Blues Power : Songs Of Eric Clapton
( House Of Blues )
“ Raucous , gritty , good - time blues … .
Taylor belts out blues in a gravel voice with ferocious intensity .
Foot - stomping music that ’s rough , raw and wonderfully upbeat .
” “ Chicago ’s best blues singer … she has fire in her lungs .
” “ This seemingly ageless wonder pours her heart out with fire and emotion .
Her singing is full of raw growls and grunts , her voice often building in intensity until it explodes .
” “ One of the greatest female singers in R&B history .
” “ Searing power and a steely emotional tautness … she radiates a warmth that borders on the spiritual ; few performers in any genre are as capable as she is of generating genuine intimacy out of fervid house - rocking moments …. a living treasure . ” “ Koko Taylor will kick your butt up and down the room…raw , rompin ’ , stompin ’ , barn - burnin ’ blues .
Contemporary blues just do n’t get any better than this .
” “ Mother Nature ’s got nothing on blues legend Koko Taylor . ” “ Raucous , raunchy , good humored Chicago - styled blues … she unleashed like a hurricane .
She attacks her material like a pitbull , ripping through the lyrics with a vengeance .
”
“ Her punchy , hard - driving blues can still send El Nino - sized shivers through the atmosphere ….
There may be no living artist who more palpably embodies the jolting , live - wire feel of Chicago blues than Koko Taylor ….
she is indeed a force of nature , putting her bluesy , blistering vocal signature on everything she touches . ”
“ Koko Taylor is the blues , a sweaty , growling goddess of down - and - dirty .
Sheer , unstoppable shouting power , full steam ahead and damn the torpedoes .
Rocking , good - time blues … booming , earthy grit .
” “ When Koko Taylor cuts loose , she rattles the walls .
” A howl , a growl and a full - throated fury that forms deep in her abdomen and reaches a roar by the time it hits her mouth .
” Grammy Award - winning blues legend Koko Taylor , 80 , died on June 3 , 2009 in her hometown of Chicago , IL , as a result of complications following her May 19 surgery to correct a gastrointestinal bleed .
On May 7 , 2009 , the critically acclaimed Taylor , known worldwide as the “ Queen of the Blues , ” won her 29th Blues Music Award ( for Traditional Female Blues Artist Of The Year ) , making her the recipient of more Blues Music Awards than any other artist .
In 2004 she received the NEA National Heritage Fellowship Award , which is among the highest honors given to an American artist .
Her most recent CD , 2007 ’s Old School , was nominated for a Grammy ( eight of her nine Alligator albums were Grammy - nominated ) .
She won a Grammy in 1984 for her guest appearance on the compilation album Blues Explosion on Atlantic .
Born Cora Walton on a sharecropper ’s farm just outside Memphis , TN , on September 28 , 1928 , Koko , nicknamed for her love of chocolate , fell in love with music at an early age .
Inspired by gospel music and WDIA blues disc jockeys B.B. King and Rufus Thomas , Taylor began belting the blues with her five brothers and sisters , accompanying themselves on their homemade instruments .
In 1952 , Taylor and her soon - to - be - husband , the late Robert “ Pops ” Taylor , traveled to Chicago with nothing but , in Koko ’s words , “ thirty - five cents and a box of Ritz Crackers .
” In Chicago , “ Pops ” worked for a packing company , and Koko cleaned houses .
Together they frequented the city ’s blues clubs nightly .
Encouraged by her husband , Koko began to sit in with the city ’s top blues bands , and soon she was in demand as a guest artist .
One evening in 1962 Koko was approached by arranger / composer Willie Dixon .
Overwhelmed by Koko ’s performance , Dixon landed Koko a Chess Records recording contract , where he produced her several singles , two albums and penned her million - selling 1965 hit “ Wang Dang Doodle , ” which would become Taylor ’s signature song .
After Chess Records was sold , Taylor found a home with the Chicago ’s Alligator Records in 1975 and released the Grammy - nominated I Got What It Takes .
She recorded eight more albums for Alligator between 1978 and 2007 , received seven more Grammy nominations and made numerous guest appearances on various albums and tribute recordings .
Koko appeared in the films Wild At Heart , Mercury Rising and Blues Brothers 2000 .
She performed on Late Night With David Letterman , Late Night With Conan O’Brien , CBS - TV’s This Morning , National Public Radio ’s All Things Considered , CBS - TV’s Early Edition , and numerous regional television programs .
Over the course of her 40 - plus - year career , Taylor received every award the blues world has to offer .
On March 3 , 1993 , Chicago Mayor Richard M. Daley honored Taylor with a “ Legend Of The Year ” Award and declared “ Koko Taylor Day ” throughout Chicago .
In 1997 , she was inducted into the Blues Foundation ’s Hall of Fame .
A year later , Chicago Magazine named her “ Chicagoan Of The Year ” and , in 1999 , Taylor received the Blues Foundation ’s Lifetime Achievement Award .
In 2009 Taylor performed in Washington , D.C. at The Kennedy Center Honors honoring Morgan Freeman .
Koko Taylor was one of very few women who found success in the male - dominated blues world .
She took her music from the tiny clubs of Chicago ’s South Side to concert halls and major festivals all over the world .
She shared stages with every major blues star , including Muddy Waters , Howlin ’ Wolf , B.B. King , Junior Wells and Buddy Guy as well as rock icons Robert Plant and Jimmy Page .
Taylor ’s final performance was on May 7 , 2009 in Memphis at the Blues Music Awards , where she sang “ Wang Dang Doodle ” after receiving her award for Traditional Blues Female Artist Of The Year .
SOLO RECORDINGS :•Koko Taylor ( Chess ) •Basic Soul ( Chess ) •South Side Baby ( originally Black & Blue; reissued on Evidence ) •I Got What It Takes ( Alligator ) •The Earthshaker ( Alligator ) •From The Heart Of A Woman ( Alligator ) •Queen Of The Blues ( Alligator ) •Live From Chicago — An AudienceWith The Queen ( Alligator ) •Jump For Joy ( Alligator ) •Force Of Nature ( Alligator ) •Royal Blue ( Alligator ) •Deluxe Edition ( Alligator ) • Old School ( Alligator ) OTHER APPEARANCES : •Blues Deluxe ( XRT ) •The Alligator Records 20thAnniversary Tour ( Alligator ) •The Alligator Records ChristmasCollection ( Alligator ) •Alligator Records ’ GenuineHouserockin’ Christmas ( Alligator ) •Blues Explosion ( Atlantic ) •Blues Summit ( B.B. King – MCA ) •Blues Down Deep : Songs OfJanis Joplin ( House Of Blues ) •Blues Power : Songs Of Eric Clapton ( House Of Blues )
Digging Deeper into Sufficiently Smartness
( If you have n't read On Being Sufficiently Smart , go ahead and do so , otherwise this short note wo n't have any context . )
I frequently write Erlang code that builds a list which ends up backward , so I call lists : reverse at the very end to flip it around .
This is a common idiom in functional languages .
lists : reverse is a built - in function in Erlang , meaning it 's implemented in C , but for the sake of argument let 's say that it 's written in Erlang instead .
This is super easy , so why not ?
reverse( L ) -> reverse( L , [ ] ) . reverse ( [ H|T ] , Acc ) -> reverse( T , [ H|Acc ] ) ; reverse ( [ ] , Acc ) -> Acc .
Now suppose there 's another function that uses reverse at the very end , just before returning :
collect_digits ( L ) -> collect_digits ( L , [ ] ) . collect_digits ( [ H|T ] , Acc ) when H >= $ 0 , H =< $ 9 -> collect_digits ( T , [ H|Acc ] ) ; collect_digits ( _ , Acc ) -> reverse ( Acc ) .
This function returns a list of ASCII digits that prefix a list , so collect_digits ( " 1234.0 " ) returns " 1234 " .
And now one more " suppose " : suppose that one time we decide that we really need to process the result of collect_digits backward , so we do this :
reverse ( collect_digits ( List ) )
The question is , can the compiler detect that there 's a double reverse ?
In theory , the last reverse could be dropped from collect_digits in the generated code , and each call to collect_digits could be automatically wrapped in a call to reverse .
If there ends up being two calls to reverse , then get rid of both of them , because it 's just wasted effort to double - reverse a list .
With lists : reverse as a built - in , this is easy enough .
But can it be deduced simply from the raw source code that reverse ( reverse( List ) ) can be replaced with List ?
Is that effort easier than simply special - casing the list reversal function ?
permalink June 14 , 2009
previously
The Rule of 72
The rule of 72 is one of those mathematical formulas that are great because it ’s so simple , yet effective in showing you the dramatic effect of compound interest .
Simply , the rule of 72 says that the approximate amount of time ( in years ) that your money will double is 72 divided by the interest rate ( in percentage ) .
For example , a quick calculation tells us that our money will double in 12 years if the interest rate is 6 % ( 72 / 6 = 12 ) while the same gain could be had in 9 years if the interest rate increases to 8 % ( 72 / 8 = 9 ) .
Here ’s a graph with more examples .
2 % means your money will double in 36 years while 12 % means 6 .
It ’s no wonder why people are always hungry for a higher yield !
The rule of 72 is a nifty way of not just showing your friends that you are quick with math but also a convenient mechanism to illustrate the power of having a higher rate of return .
Promote or Save This Article
If you like this article , please consider bookmarking or helping us promote it !
If you like this article , please consider bookmarking or helping us promote it !
Print It | Email This | Del.icio.us | Stumble it !
| Reddit |
Related Posts
The ancestors of the simian immunodeficiency viruses ( SIVs ) that jumped from chimpanzees and monkeys , and ignited the HIV / AIDS pandemic in humans , have been dated to just a few centuries ago .
These ages are substantially younger than previous estimates , according to a new study from The University of Arizona in Tucson , published May 1st in the open- access journal PLoS Computational Biology .
SIV has crossed over from chimpanzees and sooty mangabeys to humans at least eleven times , giving rise to several HIV lineages .
Although HIV is a virulent pathogen in humans , SIV rarely causes disease in these species or the dozens of other African primate species it naturally infects .
That these non-human primates typically remain unaffected after virus exposure has led to the hypothesis that there had been millions of years of coevolution between SIVs and their primate hosts .
The researchers , Joel Wertheim and Dr. Michael Worobey , estimated a rate of virus evolution using viral genetic sequences that had been isolated from infected humans , chimpanzees , and sooty mangabeys between 1975 and 2005 .
They inferred that the viruses currently circulating in sooty mangabeys and in chimpanzees evolved from ancestors dating to 1809 ( 1729 ჻� ) and 1492 ( 1266჻� ) , respectively .
Surprisingly , the independently estimated ' molecular clock ' of the monkey viruses was virtually identical to the famously swift rate at which mutations accumulate in HIV genomes .
The authors note that unaccounted - for biases could be masking a deeper age of SIV .
They suggest that if these biases do exist , their causes need to be investigated because they might also affect the ability to properly estimate the age of HIV and other viruses .
Source : Public Library of Science
The Formula One Teams ' Association has sensationally confirmed it is to form a breakaway series , causing the greatest upheaval in the sport 's 60 - year history .
Following a meeting of the eight teams that currently form Fota - Ferrari , McLaren , Renault , Toyota , BMW Sauber , Brawn GP , Red Bull Racing and Toro Rosso - they have all declined to enter F1 for 2010 .
Despite weeks of negotiations with FIA president Max Mosley , the two bodies have failed to find a compromise , leaving the sport in total chaos .
The FIA had issued a deadline of close of business today to enter next year 's championship unconditionally to McLaren , Toyota , Renault , BMW Sauber and Brawn GP in particular .
As far as the FIA are concerned , Ferrari , Red Bull Racing and Toro Rosso are contracted to enter , hence the reason they were given an automatic entry by world motor sport 's governing body last Friday .
Ferrari have stated that contract , signed in 2005 , was invalidated by the FIA when they failed to recognise the Scuderia 's right of veto over the new regulations .
Mosley unilaterally announced the introduction of a voluntary £ 40 m budget cap at the end of April without consulting the teams , most notably Ferrari .
The FIA will point to the fact discussions over cost control were first aired with the teams as far back as January 2008 .
At that stage the likes of Brawn GP team principal Ross Brawn and Toyota Motorsport president John Howett were in favour , although not Ferrari .
But it was Mosley 's ' publish and be damned ' attitude that has most angered the teams , and has now resulted in the greatest shock wave to hit F1 since the championship first began in 1950 .
While Fota have now confirmed their intention to stage a breakaway series , the actual implementation is another matter .
Significantly , Ferrari face being embroiled in a legal wrangle that could last months , especially as Ecclestone has already stated his intent to sue for millions of pounds should they quit F1 .
Any series without Ferrari will be hard to sell to television companies and race tracks around the world , the most renowned of which are signed up with Ecclestone .
Red Bull Racing and Toro Rosso , both owned by the energy drinks magnate Dietrich Mateschitz , also face being embroiled in similar litigation as to Ferrari .
As for F1 , their series as it stands today comprises Williams and Force India , who were forced to break with Fota due to their own contractual obligations , and three new entrants in Campos Racing , Team US F1 and Manor F1 Team .
The FIA will steadfastly refuse to accept the stance from Ferrari , Red Bull Racing and Toro Rosso .
But in the absence of the other five they will today likely name a quintet of new entrants as replacements as they do have other teams waiting in the wings , ready and willing to race under a cap .
Significantly , Lola - who were surprisingly not given one of the initial three new entries - announced on Wednesday they no longer wished to be considered by the FIA for the 2010 championship .
The suggestion is they are to join Fota 's new series , along with former BAR team principal David Richards '
Prodrive organisation , who , like Lola , were surprisingly overlooked by the FIA a week ago .
One other scenario , although unlikely , is that Mosley will today back down from his previously staunch position and allow the Fota eight to enter for 2010 , with a prospect of further talks taking place in the near future .
Outlining the major differences with the FIA , and confirming their intentions , Fota released a statement which read : " Since the formation of Fota last September the teams have worked together and sought to engage the FIA and commercial rights holder ( Bernie Ecclestone ) , to develop and improve the sport .
" Unprecedented worldwide financial turmoil has inevitably placed great challenges before the F1 community .
" Fota is proud that it has achieved the most substantial measures to reduce costs in the history of our sport .
" In particular , the manufacturer teams have provided assistance to the independent teams , a number of which would probably not be in the sport today without the Fota initiatives .
" The FOTA teams have further agreed upon a substantial voluntary cost reduction that provides a sustainable model for the future .
" Following these efforts , all the teams have confirmed to the FIA and the commercial rights holder that they are willing to commit until the end of 2012 .
" The FIA and the commercial rights holder have campaigned to divide Fota .
" The wishes of the majority of the teams are ignored .
Furthermore , tens of millions of dollars have been withheld from many teams by the commercial rights holder , going back as far as 2006 .
" Despite this , and the uncompromising environment , Fota has genuinely sought compromise .
" It has become clear , however , the teams cannot continue to compromise on the fundamental values of the sport and have declined to alter their original conditional entries to the 2010 world championship .
" These teams , therefore , have no alternative other than to commence the preparation for a new championship which reflects the values of its participants and partners .
" This series will have transparent governance , one set of regulations , encourage more entrants and listen to the wishes of the fans , including offering lower prices for spectators worldwide , partners and other important stakeholders .
" The major drivers , stars , brands , sponsors , promoters and companies historically associated with the highest level of motorsport will all feature in this new series . "
The belief that violence “ saves ” is so successful because it does n’t seem to be mythic in the least .
Violence simply appears to be the nature of things .
It ’s what works .
It seems inevitable , the last and , often , the first resort in conflicts .
If a god is what you turn to when all else fails , violence certainly functions as a god .
What people overlook , then , is the religious character of violence .
It demands from its devotees an absolute obedience - unto - death .
This Myth of Redemptive Violence is the real myth of the modern world .
It , and not Judaism or Christianity or Islam , is the dominant religion in our society today .
When my children were small , we let them log an unconscionable amount of television , and I became fascinated with the mythic structure of cartoons .
This was in the 1960s , when the ” death of God ” theologians were being feted on talk shows , and secular humanity ’s tolerance for religious myth and mystery were touted as having been exhausted .
I began to examine the structure of cartoons , and found the same pattern repeated endlessly : an indestructible hero is doggedly opposed to an irreformable and equally indestructible villain .
Nothing can kill the hero , though for the first three quarters of the comic strip or TV show he ( rarely she ) suffers grievously and appears hopelessly doomed , until miraculously , the hero breaks free , vanquishes the villain , and restores order until the next episode .
Nothing finally destroys the villain or prevents his or her reappearance , whether the villain is soundly trounced , jailed , drowned , or shot into outer space .
Few cartoons have run longer or been more influential than Popeye and Bluto .
In a typical segment , Bluto abducts a screaming and kicking Olive Oyl , Popeye ’s girlfriend .
When Popeye attempts to rescue her , the massive Bluto beats his diminutive opponent to a pulp , while Olive Oyl helplessly wrings her hands .
At the last moment , as our hero oozes to the floor , and Bluto is trying , in effect , to rape Olive Oyl , a can of spinach pops from Popeye ’s pocket and spills into his mouth .
Transformed by this gracious infusion of power , he easily demolishes the villain and rescues his beloved .
The format never varies .
Neither party ever gains any insight or learns from these encounters .
They never sit down and discuss their differences .
Repeated defeats do not teach Bluto to honour Olive Oyl ’s humanity , and repeated pummellings do not teach Popeye to swallow his spinach before the fight .
Something about this mythic structure rang familiar .
Suddenly I remembered : this cartoon pattern mirrored one of the oldest continually enacted myths in the world , the Babylonian creation story ( the Enuma Elish ) from around 1250 BCE .
The tale bears repeating , because it holds the clue to the appeal of that ancient myth in our modern media .
In the beginning , according to the Babylonian myth , Apsu , the father god , and Tiamat , the mother god , give birth to the gods .
But the frolicking of the younger gods makes so much noise that the elder gods resolve to kill them so they can sleep .
The younger gods uncover the plot before the elder gods put it into action , and kill Apsu .
His wife Tiamat , the Dragon of Chaos , pledges revenge .
Terrified by Tiamat , the rebel gods turn for salvation to their youngest member , Marduk .
He negotiates a steep price : if he succeeds , he must be given chief and undisputed power in the assembly of the gods .
Having extorted this promise , he catches Tiamat in a net , drives an evil wind down her throat , shoots an arrow that bursts her distended belly and pierces her heart .
He then splits her skull with a club and scatters her blood in out - of - the - way places .
He stretches out her corpse full - length , and from it creates the cosmos .
( With all this blood and gore , no wonder this story proved ideal as the prototype of violent TV shows and Hollywood movies ) .
In this myth , creation is an act of violence .
Marduk murders and dismembers Tiamat , and from her cadaver creates the world .
As the French philosopher Paul Ricoeur observes ( The Symbolism of Evil , Harper Collins 1967 ) , order is established by means of disorder .
Chaos ( symbolised by Tiamat ) is prior to order ( represented by Marduk , high god of Babylon ) .
Evil precedes good .
The gods themselves are violent .
The biblical myth in Genesis 1 is diametrically opposed to all this ( Genesis 1 , it should be noted , was developed in Babylon during the Jewish captivity there as a direct rebuttal to the Babylonian myth ) .
The Bible portrays a good God who creates a good creation .
Chaos does not resist order .
Good is prior to evil .
Neither evil nor violence is part of the creation , but enter later , as a result of the first couple ’s sin and the connivance of the serpent ( Genesis 3 ) .
A basically good reality is thus corrupted by free decisions reached by creatures .
In this far more complex and subtle explanation of the origins of things , violence emerges for the first time as a problem requiring solution .
In the Babylonian myth , however , violence is no problem .
It is simply a primordial fact .
The simplicity of this story commended it widely , and its basic mythic structure spread as far as Syria , Phoenicia , Egypt , Greece , Rome , Germany , Ireland , India , and China .
Typically , a male war god residing in the sky fights a decisive battle with a female divine being , usually depicted as a monster or dragon , residing in the sea or abyss ( the feminine element ) .
Having vanquished the original enemy by war and murder , the victor fashions a cosmos from the monster ’s corpse .
Cosmic order requires the violent suppression of the feminine , and is mirrored in the social order by the subjection of women to men and people to ruler .
After the world has been created , the story continues , the gods imprisoned by Marduk for siding with Tiamat complain of the poor meal service .
Marduk and his father , Ea , therefore execute one of the captive gods , and from his blood Ea creates human beings to be servants to the gods .
The implications are clear : human beings are created from the blood of a murdered god .
Our very origin is violence .
Killing is in our genes .
Humanity is not the originator of evil , but merely finds evil already present and perpetuates it .
Our origins are divine , to be sure , since we are made from a god , but from the blood of an assassinated god .
Human beings are thus naturally incapable of peaceful coexistence .
Order must continually be imposed upon us from on high : men over women , masters over slaves , priests over laity , aristocrats over peasants , rulers over people .
Unquestioning obedience is the highest virtue , and order the highest religious value .
As Marduk ’s representative on earth , the king ’s task is to subdue all those enemies who threaten the tranquillity that he has established on behalf of the god .
The whole cosmos is a state , and the god rules through the king .
Politics arises within the divine sphere itself .
Salvation is politics : the masses identify with the god of order against the god of chaos , and offer themselves up for the Holy War that imposes order and rule on the peoples round about .
In short , the Myth of Redemptive Violence is the story of the victory of order over chaos by means of violence .
It is the ideology of conquest , the original religion of the status quo .
The gods favour those who conquer .
Conversely , whoever conquers must have the favour of the gods .
The common people exist to perpetuate the advantage that the gods have conferred upon the king , the aristocracy , and the priesthood .
Religion exists to legitimate power and privilege .
Life is combat .
Any form of order is preferable to chaos , according to this myth .
Ours is neither a perfect nor perfectible world ; it is theatre of perpetual conflict in which the prize goes to the strong .
Peace through war , security through strength : these are the core convictions that arise from this ancient historical religion , and they form the solid bedrock on which the Domination System is founded in every society .
The Babylonian myth is far from finished .
It is as universally present and earnestly believed today as at any time in its long and bloody history .
It is the dominant myth in contemporary America .
It enshrines the ritual practice of violence at the very heart of public life , and even those who seek to oppose its oppressive violence do so violently .
We have already seen how the myth of redemptive violence is played out in the structure of children ’s cartoon shows ( and is found as well in comics , video and computer games , and movies ) .
But we also encounter it in the media , in sports , in nationalism , in militarism , in foreign policy , in televangelism , in the religious right , and in self - styled militia groups .
What appears so innocuous in cartoons is , in fact , the mythic underpinnings of our violent society .
The psychodynamics of the TV cartoon or comic book are marvelously simple : children identify with the good guy so that they can think of themselves as good .
This enables them to project out onto the bad guy their own repressed anger , violence , rebelliousness , or lust , and then vicariously to enjoy their own evil by watching the bad guy initially prevail .
This segment of the show – the “ Tammuz ” element , where the hero suffers – actually consumes all but the closing minutes , allowing ample time for indulging the violent side of the self .
When the good guy finally wins , viewers are then able to reassert control over their own inner tendencies , repress them , and re-establish a sense of goodness without coming to any insight about their own inner evil .
The villain ’s punishment provides catharsis ; one forswears the villain ’s ways and heaps condemnation on him in a guilt - free orgy of aggression .
Salvation is found through identification with the hero .
Only the names have changed .
Marduk subdues
Tiamat through violence , and though he kills Tiamat , chaos incessantly reasserts itself , and is kept at bay only by repeated battles and by the repetition of the Babylonian New Year ’s festival where the heavenly combat myth is ritually re-enacted .
Theologian Willis Elliott ’s observation underscores the seriousness of this entertainment : ” the birth of the world ( cosmogony ) is the birth of the individual ( egogony ) : you are being birthed through how you see ’ all things ’ as being birthed ” .
Therefore “ Whoever controls the cosmogony controls the children ” .
The Myth of Redemptive Violence is the simplest , laziest , most exciting , uncomplicated , irrational , and primitive depiction of evil the world has even known .
Furthermore , its orientation toward evil is one into which virtually all modern children ( boys especially ) are socialised in the process of maturation .
Children select this mythic structure because they have already been led , by culturally reinforced cues and role models , to resonate with its simplistic view of reality .
Its presence everywhere is not the result of a conspiracy of Babylonian priests secretly buying up the mass media with Iraqi oil money , but a function of values endlessly reinforced by the Domination System .
By making violence pleasurable , fascinating , and entertaining , the Powers are able to delude people into compliance with a system that is cheating them of their very lives .
Once children have been indoctrinated into the expectations of a dominator society , they may never outgrow the need to locate all evil outside themselves .
Even as adults they tend to scapegoat others for all that is wrong in the world .
They continue to depend on group identification and the upholding of social norms for a sense of well - being .
In a period when attendance at Christian Sunday schools is dwindling , the myth of redemptive violence has won children ’s voluntary acquiescence to a regimen of indoctrination more extensive and effective than any in the history of religions .
Estimates vary widely , but the average child reported to log roughly 36,000 hours of television by age 18 , viewing some 15,000 murders .
What church or synagogue can even remotely keep pace with the myth of redemptive violence in hours spent teaching children or the quality of presentation ?
( Think of the typical “ children ’s sermon ” – how bland by comparison ! )
No other religious system has even remotely rivalled the myth of redemptive violence in its ability to catechise its young so totally .
From the earliest age , children are awash in depictions of violence as the ultimate solution to human conflicts .
Nor does saturation in the myth end with the close of adolescence .
There is no rite of passage from adolescent to adult status in the national cult of violence , but rather a years - long assimilation to adult television and movie fare .
Not all shows for children or adults are based on violence , of course .
Reality is far more complex than the simplicities of this myth , and maturer minds will demand more subtle , nuanced , complex presentations .
But the basic structure of the combat myth underlies the pap to which a great many adults turn in order to escape the harsher realities of their everyday lives : spy thrillers , westerns , cop shows , and combat programmes .
It is as if we must watch so much “ redemptive ” violence to reassure ourselves , against the deluge of facts to the contrary in our actual day - to - day lives , that reality really is that simple .
Redemptive violence gives way to violence as an end in itself .
It is no longer a religion that uses violence in the pursuit of order and salvation , but one in which violence has become an aphrodisiac , sheer titillation , an addictive high , a substitute for relationships .
Violence is no longer the means to a higher good , namely order ; violence becomes the end .
( First published on 16 November 2007 . )
------------
© Walter Wink was Professor of Biblical Interpretation at Auburn Theological Seminary in New York City .
Among his various books are The Human Being , Peace Is The Way , The Bible in Human Transformation , The Powers That Be , and Homosexuality and Christian Faith
He died recently , but his legacy of thought in these and other areas continues to resonate widely .
This article - one of the most extensively read on Ekklesia - was originally reproduced in 2007 , and republished in 2009 and 2012 with the kind permission of the author and Christian Peacemaker Teams Christian Peacemaker Teams ( www.cpt.org) is an initiative of the historic peace churches ( Mennonites , Church of the Brethren , and Quakers ) with support and membership from a range of Catholic and Protestant denominations .
Backing violence - reduction efforts around the world is its mandate .
* More from Ekklesia on Remembrance here : http://www.ekklesia.co.uk/remembrance
* If you would like to support Ekklesia 's work on remembrance and war , you can use the ' Donate ' button at the top left hand side of this page .
New documents reveal :
1967 police murder of West German student was committed by a Stasi agent
By Justus Leicht
3 June 2009
Forty - two years ago , on June 2 , 1967 , the student Benno Ohnesorg was shot dead by a West Berlin policeman , Karl - Heinz Kurras , at a demonstration against the visiting Shah of Iran .
The murder of Ohnesorg was a crucial experience for the student movement , which became increasingly radicalised in the face of the unyielding attitude of the state .
The killer was immediately taken under the wing of the police , judiciary and right - wing press , led by the media magnate Axel Springer .
Two notorious trials were held , and Kurras was acquitted both times .
Now , fresh documents released by an institution charged with exploring the activities of the East German Stalinist security forces — the notorious Stasi — have revealed that at the time of the Ohnesorg murder , Kurras was a secret informant of the Stasi and a member of the ruling East German SED ( Socialist Unity Party ) .
Right - wing forces in Germany are now attempting to use this revelation to revive an old lie — i.e. , that the 1968 student movement was entirely a product of the machinations of East European Stalinist secret services .
The Bild - Zeitung commented on the Kurras revelation as follows : “ Mass demos , riots and burning barricades , even the death of Rudi Dutschke , have their origin directly in the sphere of influence and under the remit of Erich Mielke , the Stasi minister of the SED ( today the Left Party ) . ”
Such a claim is absurd .
First , the death of Ohnesorg was a contributing factor , but not the cause , of the ‘ 68 movement , which was not restricted to Germany but was an international phenomenon .
The more profound causes of the radicalisation of students were bound up with Germany ’s unresolved Nazi past , which had left numerous dignitaries of the Third Reich in high social , political and business positions ; the Vietnam War ; the first deep economic crisis of the post - war period ; and the brutality of the German state , which viciously intervened against protesting students on June 2 .
Even without Ohnesorg ’s death , a radicalisation of students was inevitable .
Second , there is no evidence that Kurras acted on June 2 on behalf of the Stasi .
The Stasi documents examined so far conclude that that the shooting of Ohnesorg was “ a very unfortunate accident , ” and indicate that the agency ’s collaboration with Kurras was wound down after the killing .
Kurras was known to be a law - and - order fanatic and a weapons collector , who made no secret of his convictions .
He hated the students and defends his deed up to the present day .
The revelations concerning Kurras provide no basis for rewriting the history of the ‘ 68 movement , as some right - wing commentators have demanded , but they do raise another interesting question :
What was the real relationship between the Stasi and the West Berlin police ?
How was it possible for a right - wing , trigger - happy West Berlin policeman to be at the same time a Stasi informant and SED member ?
Is it just a bizarre , individual case , or are there more profound political issues at stake ?
Before dealing with this question , it is necessary to review the events of June 2 , 1967 .
The West German Federal Republic , which had been founded less than 20 years previously , maintained friendly relations with the Shah of Iran , Mohammad Reza Pahlavi , who came to power in 1953 in a putsch organised by the CIA and the Iranian military .
Since then , Pahlavi had maintained a dictatorship notorious for its cruelty .
State torture and the murder of oppositionists were its trademarks .
When Pahlavi visited West Berlin on June 2 , 1967 , exiled Iranians and the German Federation of Socialist Students ( SDS ) organised a protest demonstration .
Prior to the demonstration , the Interior Ministry organised massive security .
Indicative of the draconian state response to the protest was the description of police tactics given by police chief Erich Duensing , who declared that it was necessary to squeeze the demonstration “ like a sausage ” and then “ prick it in the middle until it burst apart at the ends . ”
These tactics were implemented on the day of the protest by plainclothes agents of the Iranian secret service SAVAK , who , under the protection of the German police , commenced beating protesters with wooden staves .
As the Shah was amusing himself with his hosts at the opera , the police attacked the mainly peaceful demonstrators without warning .
The police response was later described by the well - known journalist Sebastian Haffner as a “ cold - bloodedly planned pogrom of a type which remained an exception even in the concentration camps of the Third Reich . ”
Even the conservative FAZ newspaper concluded at the time that the police had “ without any serious necessity responded with the planned brutality one associates with newspaper reports from fascist or semi- fascist countries . ”
It was no coincidence that police chief Duensing had been an Army staff officer in Nazi Germany .
The leader of the security police responsible for planning the police deployment , Hans Werner Ulrich , was also a former Army officer with special responsibility during the Second World War for fighting partisans in the Soviet Union , and later in Italy .
A component of the police operation on June 2 was so - called “ fox hunts , ” in which plainclothes police sought out and hunted down alleged “ ringleaders . ”
Kurras was attached to one of these snatch squads , and on the day in question encountered the 26 - year - old student Benno Ohnesorg in a parking lot .
Ohnesorg was unarmed and had attacked nobody .
Three policemen held him while Kurras shot him in the back of the head .
At the court hearing , the judge referred to the “ the suspicion that Benno Ohnesorg was still being struck as he lay dead on the ground . ”
The body of the young man , who is said to have called out “ Please do n’t shoot ” before he died , was covered in bloody wounds .
For his part , Kurras pleaded self - defence .
At a hearing of the Berlin regional court in November 1967 , Kurras claimed that he had been brutally attacked “ by ten or eleven persons ” and threatened by “ two young men with knives . ”
In response , he maintained , he drew his pistol and “ let off one warning shot with his left hand ” as he lay on his back .
Then , according to Kurras , a struggle broke out with assailants attempting to grab his pistol .
He wanted to fire a second warning shot , but in the course of the struggle , “ let off the fateful second shot by mistake . ”
None of the dozens of witnesses present , including a number of policemen , confirmed his story .
Nobody heard the warning shot .
Police prevented a doctor from attending to the injured Ohnesorg .
The ambulance with his body drove for three quarters of an hour through the city before delivering him — already probably dead — to hospital .
In hospital , the piece of bone with the bullet hole was drilled out of his skull and thrown away .
In the meantime , Kurras was able to deliver his police uniform to a cleaning agency and throw away the magazine of his gun .
He did not spend a day in custody , was merely suspended from his job for the duration of the trial , and after his acquittals was transferred to internal duties .
Kurras suffered no other penalties .
The police trade union lined up behind Kurras and collected 60,000 marks for his defence .
None of the policemen involved in the deployment testified against him .
Kurras was never charged with homicide or murder and was acquitted of negligent homicide on two separate occasions because of “ lack of evidence . ”
One day after the shooting , the Bild newspaper cynically described Ohnesorg as the “ victim of riots organised by political thugs . ”
The BZ , which also belonged to the same conservative Springer group , commented : “ Whoever is responsible for terror must expect harsh punishment . ”
The Berliner Morgenpost wrote that the police had only carried out their “ heavy obligation . ”
The entire Springer press supported Kurras and his statement that he acted in “ self - defence , ” while carrying out a hysterical smear campaign against the leftist student movement .
Born in 1927 in East Prussia , the son of a policeman , Karl - Heinz Kurras signed up for military service in 1944 .
From 1946 onwards , he was imprisoned by Soviet forces in the former Sachsenhausen concentration camp — for allegedly distributing “ anti-Soviet propaganda . ”
According to other reports , Kurras had refused to surrender his weapons at the end of the war .
Following his release , he joined the West Berlin police in 1950 , at the high point of the Cold War .
According to the recently found Stasi documents , he established contact with the central committee of the SED in 1955 , declaring he would prefer to work for the police in the German Democratic Republic ( East Germany ) .
He was then recruited by the Stasi to spy on the West Berlin police .
In that function , he quickly became a leading Stasi agent .
He rose inside the West Berlin police apparatus to become part of a team whose job was to “ seek out traitors within in our ranks ” — i.e. , to identify Stasi infiltrators — and even took part in interrogations .
He was allowed to take police documents home .
In 1962 , he submitted a request for membership in the SED , which was accepted in 1964 .
Little is known about Kurras ’s motivation to work for the Stasi and the SED .
In both the East and the West , he was considered to be a “ gun nut ” and an outstanding shot .
He won the appreciation of both the Stasi and the West Berlin police for his diligence and punctuality , and was rewarded with money and weapons .
In the Süddeutsche Zeitung , Hans Leyendecker writes : “ This man , who drank heavily already at an early age and seems to have had a very distorted personality , was , according to acquaintances , a very authoritarian character . ”
Gerd Koenen describes Kurras in the same newspaper as one of “ Mielke ’s hard men , who spent his entire spare time on the shooting range , where he blew away all the money he had earned in East Berlin in the form of ammunition . ”
Koenen then puts his finger on a crucial point : “ In his hatred of the long - haired students and ‘ trouble makers , ’ the SED man Kurras would have thought along exactly the same lines as his West Berlin colleagues . ”
There was little difference between the attitude of the SED and the West German authorities towards the protesting students .
The SED was quite prepared to exploit the brutality of the West Berlin police — including Ohnesorg ’s death — for its own propaganda , but at the same time carefully insulated the East German population from the protests in the West .
Student leader Rudi Dutschke , who originated from East Germany , was under the continual surveillance of the Stasi when he occasionally visited his relatives in the East .
Dutschke ’s own son Marek conjectures today that the Stasi had a role in the assassination attempt made on Dutschke in 1968 by the laborer Josef Bachmann .
Contrary to all anti-communist propaganda , the SED never sought to encourage a communist uprising in the West .
The Stalinist rulers in Moscow and East Berlin were much too fearful that a rebellion in the West could spread to their own countries and endanger their dictatorships .
The “ Prague Spring ” of 1968 confirmed such fears , and the Moscow bureaucracy moved quickly to crush the popular movement with Soviet tanks .
The establishment of the German Democratic Republic had been accompanied by repressive measures against the working class , which culminated in the bloody subjugation of the workers ’ uprising of June 17 , 1953 .
The SED had absolutely no interest in inciting the student protests in 1968 .
On the contrary , in an arrangement with the West German Interior Ministry , the SED set up the German Communist Party ( DKP ) in 1968 to replace the banned KPD .
In the years that followed , the DKP regularly defended the Social Democratic government of Willy Brandt and the trade union bureaucracy against any criticism from the left — in particular , from Trotskyists .
In West Berlin , Kurras , who had executed a student being held by three colleagues , was defended and supported by the authorities for 40 years .
When he repeated the justification for his actions two years ago to the author Uwe Soukoup , there was no response from the Springer press , the police trade union or the police shooting club of which Kurras is a member .
Only after the details of his links to the Stasi leaked out did the police union and shooting association seek to annul his membership .
The Berlin Senate is currently reviewing his pension rights , while anti-communist organisations are seeking to indict him on charges of espionage and murder .
Kurras ’s position between the two fronts of the Cold War is not so bizarre as it seems at first sight .
From his point of view , the defence of the capitalist “ free world ” was entirely compatible with his services for Stalinism .
He had no problem reconciling West German anti-communism with Stalinist hostility to any sort of popular oppositional movement .
A women called Antonia Ruiz Hernandez from Mercedes , Texas has found an image which resembles the Virgin Mary on her air conditioning unit .
Hernandez believes that the image showing up is a miracle and says :
“ God can do everything if you pray a lot ”
She has built a shrine with decorations and plants around the unit and says people are welcome to go and visit it .
Get the original story including a video report at KRGV.com
Omar Bongo embodied the close ties between France and its former colonies Gabon 's government has denied French media reports that President Omar Bongo is dead .
Prime Minister Jean Eyeghe Ndong said 73 - year - old Mr Bongo , who reportedly has cancer , was " alive and well " .
The government in Spain - where Africa 's longest - serving leader was being treated in a clinic - has also insisted he is alive .
Mr Bongo has led Gabon since 1967 , but stopped work in May .
He faces a French inquiry into corruption allegations .
The BBC's Linel Kwatsi in the capital Libreville says the city appears calm and as normal - however some people have been stockpiling food in case shops close if the president 's death is confirmed .
The government of the oil - rich nation has asked people not to panic .
' Holiday '
The death of the Gabonese veteran leader was reported by AFP , which quoted a French government source , and also by the website of French magazine Le Point , quoting a source close to Mr Bongo 's entourage .
Gabon 's government has maintained close economic and political ties to France , its former colonial power , since independence .
OMAR BONGO Led Gabon for 42 years
Kept close economic and political ties with France Oil money means Gabon officially one of richest countries in Africa Reported to have cancer
His son is defence minister
His daughter is his chief of staff
He denies corruption charges in French courts Introduced multi-party elections in 1993 - opposition complains they are not fair
The murky world of Omar Bongo Profile : Omar Bongo A statement from the Gabonese presidency said : " The presidency of the Gabonese Republic would like to stress that the President of the Republic , the Head of State , His Excellency Omar Bongo is not dead .
He is continuing his holiday in Spain following his check - up at the Quiron Clinic in Barcelona . "
" The family has been visiting him this morning , " Mr Ndong told reporters on Monday .
The premier , speaking at the clinic where Mr Bongo is being treated , reportedly for cancer , criticised media reports of the veteran leader 's death .
Earlier , the prime minister had responded to the reports by telling Gabonese TV : " If such a situation comes about , I would think that the president 's family would naturally get in touch with me . "
The Spanish foreign affairs ministry backed Mr Ndong 's assertion , saying : " We have confirmed that he [ President Bongo ] is alive .
We have no further information about him . "
But later on Monday , reports in the Spanish media said Mr Bongo had died shortly after Mr Ndong 's news conference .
They quoted members of Mr Bongo 's entourage as saying the African leader had died at 1200GMT .
The clinic and the Spanish government refused to comment on the latest reports .
Mr Bongo became vice - president in 1967 , taking over as head of state later that year after the death of Gabon 's first post - independence President , Leon Mba .
Oil earnings mean that Gabon , with a population of just 1.4 million , is officially one of Africa 's richest states but analysts say that the political elite keep most of the money for themselves .
Mr Bongo is one of three African leaders being investigated for alleged embezzlement by a French judge - the others are Denis Sassou - Nguesso of the Republic of Congo and Teodoro Obiang Nguema of Equatorial Guinea .
It is alleged that the properties owned by Mr Bongo 's family in France could not have been purchased with official salaries alone .
Mr Bongo denied any wrongdoing .
Analyst say he has built a powerful dynasty during his years in office .
Opposition leaders have claimed his son , Ali -Ben Bongo , currently defence minister , is being manoeuvred to take over .
Born Albert Bernard Bongo , he converted to Islam in 1973 and changed his name to El Hadj Omar Bongo .
His wife , Edith Lucie Bongo , President Sassou - Nguesso's daughter , died in March 2009 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version

Jeff Doyle , author of the networking bible Routing TCP / IP , Volume I and II , is an authority on IP routing protocols , MPLS , and IPv6 .
As owner of IP network consulting firm Jeff Doyle and Associates , Jeff has traveled the world designing large - scale IP service provider networks throughout North America , Europe , Japan , Korea , Singapore , and the People 's Republic of China .
Jeff has held senior networking positions at Juniper Networks and International Network Services , and recently joined Synergy Research as a vice president of research , focusing on IP infrastructure and Metro / carrier Ethernet .
I spoke with Jeff about his thoughts on the near depletion of IP v4 addresses , how far along businesses are in moving toward total IP v6 deployment , and how the U.S. stacks up against other countries in its support for IPv6 .
At what stage in the process are service providers and enterprises with their IP v6 deployments ?
There 's a certain amount of panic now , especially among service providers .
For enterprises , there 's not a lot of interest unless they 're very large enterprises .
For service providers , such as the one I 'm working with now — and another Tier 1 provider with which we 're wrapping up another project — they 're still in the experimental phase .
It 's not as if next week you can call up your service provider and say , " I want IP v6 in my home . "
We 're a long way from there .
Large communications projects among large defense contractors will mostly be IPv6 - enabled .
What have been the drivers to IPv6 ?
Here in the U.S. , the government is driving IPv6 implementation , as agencies require IP v6 for everything they contract .
The other driver is simply service providers looking at IP v4 depletion and realizing that it's a year or two away .
How far along is the U.S. government in deploying IPv6 , and what are the lessons learned ?
There are so many agencies in government , and each one has its own network and its own challenges , so it 's difficult to speak about government deployment in that broad sense .
But the lesson learned by the agencies is that it's a lot more complex than a lot of people expect , especially around the edges .
When you think of IP v6 , you think of turning on IP v6 on all interfaces , but it does n't make much sense to enable IP v6 if you can't manage or secure it .
Those considerations do n't get looked at .
Whose responsibility is that ?
The management and security vendors ?
Vendors focus their engineering resources to where they get demand from customers .
So it 's up to the user to go to their vendor and ask for a roadmap so they can decide whether to continue to buy the vendor 's product or go somewhere else .
We 're seeing more and more service providers ask vendors , but IP v6 is still vaporware from a lot of vendors .
At the core network , most router vendors support IP v6 very solidly , and network management is starting to get there .
Security is getting a bit better , but it 's still a problem ; it 's hard to find products to secure IP v6 networks .
Most network operations people want to manage and secure their IP v6 network the same way as they do for IP v4 .
A lot of vendors will offer a roadmap rather than be able to give demonstrable proof that they support IPv6 .
So compliance and interoperability testing in the lab is an essential part of an IP v6 deployment .
When I begin a dialogue with customers about IP v6 compliance , one of things I tell them is that they can't just create one checkbox for compliance , because that lets vendors get away with a lot .
You have to be very specific as to what you mean by " compliant . "
What do you need them to support ?
What kind of interoperability do you need them to support ?
Why have vendors taken so long ?
Customers have only recently begun asking vendors when their products are going to be IPv6 - compliant .
The process to compliance takes at least a year , so if just in the last six months customers have begun asking their vendor , it will still be another six months before the product is available .
So what 's going to happen when IP v4 addresses are depleted ?
Is the Internet going to stop ?
No ! [ Laughs . ]
IP v6 advocates emphasize that when the last IP v4 addresses are given out , nothing is going to stop working .
But things will stop growing , because once the last address is given out , anything that needs a new public IP address can't be built without doing something like NATing .
There is a lot of discussion about carrier - grade NAT [ Network Address Translation ] .
NAT was created as a stopgap .
It allows you to use a large number of private IP addresses behind a device .
All the private addresses will share one or a few public IP addresses .
Ninety percent or more of public organizations use NAT .
It does n't work well in the service provider scale when you 're talking about hundreds of thousands of users , so that 's why carriers are talking about carrier - grade NAT .
I think the right people in the U.S. are seeing the need to go to IPv6 and are making the right moves .
There are interesting similarities to the Y2 K problem .
Y2 K was all gloom and doom , with people predicting that systems would collapse , but nothing happened .
The clocked ticked over to 2000 and almost everything worked .
The reason was not because it was a fake issue ; it was that everyone who understood that their business could be threatened by a Y2 K bug spent the money to ensure that nothing would collapse .
I think to some degree the same is happening with IPv6 - the people whose business depends on it are doing the right things now .
The real challenge is that most end users do n't know what IP is .
All they know is they want their applications and services to work correctly .
That 's the challenge — to make sure that as we move to IP v6 users wo n't even notice .
How far along toward IP v6 deployment are the service providers that you 're working with ?
Different service providers are in different phases and are taking different approaches , depending on their culture and plans .
It 's all directed toward eventual public deployment of IP v6 , but most of them now are still in private testing .
Some have rolled out IP v6 access on a limited basis to select customers .
Others are offering IP v6 to any customer who asks for it .
But deployment is not widescale at any service provider , not even NTT [ of Japan ] , which has the premiere IP v6 deployment in the world .
Its entire network core is IPv6 - capable , but even there you still have to request IP v6 connectivity ; it 's not something you get automatically .
Has NTT received many requests for IP v6 services ?
There are a lot of activities going on in Japan , and NTT is doing a lot of trial projects delivering services to the home over IP v6 , such as video services .
What have been the challenges for service providers as they plan for IP v6 deployment ?
One of the big challenges for network operations people at service providers is going to the C - level executives , particularly the CFO [ chief financial officer ] , and saying , " We need to spend millions of dollars to upgrade to support IPv6 . "
The CFO will come back and say , " Why do we need to spend this when competition is tight , and how do we make money with this ? "
The CTO [ chief technology officer ] will say , " We ca n't make money . "
The CFO will then say , " Who are the customers for this ? " and the CTO answers , " Well , there are n't any . "
The CTO understands that IPv6 is not a matter of becoming a profit center ; it 's basically an infrastructure upgrade .
But it 's hard to make the case to people who are funding the business that they have to spend a whole lot of money for something that they do n't see a whole lot of direct customers for right now .
You travel the world extensively to countries such as China and India to consult with national service providers .
China has embarked on China 's Next Generation Internet , a five - year plan for early adoption of IPv6 .
Should the U.S. view China as a threat ?
Sometimes China can be viewed as a threat , when you look at China as a commercial competitor .
But for China , the issue is that it 's going through enormous growth , and now more and more people are moving to the middle class and they 're buying services and entertainment that 's provided by IP .
The other thing is that China is looking to IP v6 as an opportunity to show some leadership .
It has seen the U.S. ( until recent years ) asleep at wheel on IPv6 .
And it has seen Japan make competitive moves , so China sees an opportunity to position itself as technologically advanced by deploying IPv6 .
That 's why you see China showcasing IPv6 in places like the 2008 Olympics .
Here 's an anecdote : I was being interviewed by a reporter in China and we were talking about why China is deploying IP v6 because of its population growth .
I jokingly said , " Of course , a large percentage of the population is still farmers or people in rural areas who do n't need Internet connectivity . "
The reporter said not everyone may have a computer , but they bet everyone has a cell phone .
That 's a good point .
One of the ways people access the Web is via cell phone .
In China , universities may have dorm rooms with just one Internet connection , so it 's very common for university kids to use their cell phones to get on the Internet .
If you look at developing countries ( for example , in Africa ) , the main source of Internet access is through mobile phones , so that 's going to be a huge driver because each one of these devices needs an IP address .
How far is India in IP v6 deployment ?
India has a lot of parallels with China .
It has a big population with a developing economy that is creating a growing middle class .
What that represents is the same kind of demand for IP - based services as in China .
While India is not as far along as China economically , its IP v6 challenges are going to be the same ./>
There 's not going to be the same level of interest in IPv6 [ in India ] as in China , but you will see strong IP v6 interest in five years , as India has no choice .
Which country 's philosophy do you admire the most ?
Japan's , because it was visionary .
It saw the challenges early enough .
Japan was talking seriously about IPv6 when others around the world were questioning whether we would really need IPv6 .
Japan started doing something about it in the late 1990s .
I also have a lot of admiration for what 's going on in China , which is being very practical about IP v6 deployment and addressing the problem in a clear and logical fashion .
When you visit service providers in different countries , are they curious about what 's going on elsewhere ?
It 's usually one of the first questions I 'm asked .
In my business , I capitalize on that ; it 's my competitive differentiator .
I 've visited so many countries , and for years , wherever I am in the world , one of the first questions from service providers is , " What 's everybody else doing ? "
Service providers are very conservative companies .
Everyone wants to present themselves as cutting - edge , and there are cool things coming out of service providers , but competition is intense and the margins are so small that by necessity service providers do n't want to do anything that 's too different from what everyone else is doing .
If they make the wrong decision , it could be fatal .
Final question :
In your Network World blog , you 've asked readers for their thoughts on what they 'd like to see in a potential Volume III of the Routing TCP / IP series .
What was the feedback , and when can we expect such a volume ?
I would love to do a Volume III .
One of the big areas of feedback was for an updated book on switching .
While I do n't disagree with this , the series is about routing TCP / IP — switching is Layer 2 , while routing is Layer 3 , so I do n't see switching as a right fit .
What I would love is a book on MPLS , but my Cisco Press editors say that the market is saturated with MPLS books .
I still think I could do one with a perspective that 's different , but until I can sell Cisco Press on that — and find the time to work on it — it 's still just an idea that 's out there .
Another big suggestion is something that gets away from basic technology and goes into a broader view of network design .
That could fit very well into Cisco 's new CCDE [ Cisco Certified Design Expert ] .
A design book could be a good way to go .
Linda Leung is an independent writer and editor in California .
Reach her at leungllh@gmail.com
TEGUCIGALPA , Honduras ( CNN ) --
Hours after the sitting president was deposed by a military - led coup , a new president of Honduras was sworn in Sunday .
Honduras President Jose Manuel Zelaya was detained and sent to Costa Rica , the government said .
more photos »
But the former president was not ready to give up his powers .
The political developments that swept Honduras over the past weeks and led up to Sunday 's coup had the makings of a crisis , but the situation in the Central American nation of 8 million people was calm .
Roberto Micheletti was sworn in as provisional president to the applause of members of Congress , who chanted , " Honduras ! Honduras ! "
Outside the building , supporters of ousted President Jose Manuel Zelaya protested , but their numbers were limited , and the streets remained mostly peaceful .
Micheletti told CNN en Español Sunday evening that he has imposed an " indefinite " curfew .
Micheletti , the head of Congress , became president after lawmakers voted by a show of hands to strip Zelaya of his powers , with a resolution stating that Zelaya " provoked confrontations and divisions " within the country .
A letter of resignation purported to be from Zelaya was read to members before the vote .
But the deposed president , Zelaya , emphatically denied in an interview with CNN en Español that he wrote the letter .
Speaking from Costa Rica , where he was taken after the coup , he said he plans to continue exercising his presidential duties with a trip to Managua , Nicaragua , to attend a summit of Central American heads - of - state .
Zelaya awoke to the sound of gunfire in his residence and was still in his pajamas when the military forced him to leave the country Sunday morning , he told reporters .
He was flown to Costa Rica , where he has not requested political asylum .
" This was a brutal kidnapping of me with no justification , " Zelaya said .
He called the coup an attack on Honduran democracy .
" There are ways to protest without arms , " Zelaya said .
The coup came on the same day that he had vowed to follow through with a nonbinding referendum that the Honduran Supreme Court had ruled illegal .
Watch details on " curious situation " in Honduras »
The coup was widely criticized in the region , in strongest terms by Zelaya 's leftist allies , including Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez .
A statement from Venezuela 's foreign ministry said Zelaya was " violently expelled from his country by a group of unpatriotic , coup - mongering soldiers . "
The Bolivian government also condemned the coup , accusing Honduran troops of kidnapping Zelaya and violently expelling him from his country .
Elsewhere , Jose Miguel Insulza , the secretary - general of the Organization of American States , strongly condemned the coup in a statement .
And in Washington , President Obama said in a statement that he was " deeply concerned " by the news .
" I call on all political and social actors in Honduras to respect democratic norms , the rule of law and the tenets of the Inter - American Democratic Charter , " Obama said .
" Any existing tensions and disputes must be resolved peacefully through dialogue free from any outside interference . "
The president of the General Assembly of the United Nations , Miguel d'Escoto Brockmann , called the Honduran military 's intervention a " criminal action . "
But in Honduras , the Supreme Court said in an official statement that the military was acting in accordance with a court order to put an end to Sunday 's scheduled vote , which the court 's justices had found illegal .
Micheletti addressed the issue directly in his first remarks as provisional president .
" I did not reach this position because of a coup , " Micheletti said .
" I am here because of an absolutely legal transition process . "
No other countries immediately recognized Micheletti as president .
Zelaya , a leftist elected in 2005 , had found himself pitted against the other branches of government and military leaders over the issue of Sunday 's planned referendum .
It would have asked voters to place a measure on November 's ballot allowing the formation of a constitutional assembly that could modify the nation 's charter to allow the president to run for another term .
In various interviews Sunday , Zelaya characterized the vote not as a referendum , but as a survey to gauge receptiveness toward a constitutional assembly .
He denied that he would have been the beneficiary of any future constitutional changes .
Zelaya , whose four - year term ends in January 2010 , cannot run for re-election under current law .
The Honduran Supreme Court had ruled the poll illegal , and Congress and the top military brass agreed , but Zelaya had remained steadfast .
In the end , it appeared the opposition to Zelaya was too great .
The military confiscated the ballots from the presidential residence , in effect canceling the disputed vote .
In separate appearances Sunday , Zelaya , Venezuela 's Chavez and Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez said that the military had also detained Honduran Foreign Minister Patricia Rodas , further raising regional tensions .
Speaking in Havana , Rodriguez said that the Cuban , Venezuelan and Nicaraguan ambassadors to Honduras had tried but were unable to protect Rodas from a group of masked soldiers who forcibly took her from their grasp .
Further details regarding that incident were unclear .
" If they attack our ambassadors , they will be declaring a state of war , " Chavez said .
" If they have weapons , then we have weapons , too . "
All About Honduras • Organization of American States • Barack Obama • Hugo Chavez
Once in a Lifetime Diese Orte sollte man einmal in seinem Leben gesehen haben
Es gibt Fleckchen auf der Erde , die muss man einmal in seinem Leben gesehen haben .
Sehnsuchtsziele und Reiseträume , manchmal ganz nah , manchmal am anderen Ende der Welt .
Reisen , die Sie nie vergessen werden , zum Träumen und Nachmachen .
Erfüllen Sie sich Ihre Träume .
Sind Sie dabei ? »
We pride ourselves on stripping away the red - tape that many traditional agencies hide behind and abide by a simple set of guiding principles that ensure we ’re always working with our client ’s best interests at heart .
If you ’re looking for a digital partner who can contribute at a strategic level , implement effective campaigns and deliver meaningful results , then we ’d love to hear from you .
Here comes the hysteria and bold - faced lies .
In the wake of the Iranian election , various commentators and so - called reporters in the United States are reacting as if the end of the world was at hand .
Although nobody knows for certain and everyone only has the words of western press pundits and an angry candidate to go by , virtually every mainstream US news source is calling the re-election of Ahmadinejad the result of fraud .
There has been no verification of this from any objective source , nor has there been any proof beyond the speculation of media folks who either want to create a story or are so convinced of what they believe to be the incumbent ’s essentially evil nature that they can not comprehend his re-election .
A good example of this is a story by Bill Keller in the New York Times .
In that piece , Ahmadinejad was once again incorrectly called a Holocaust - denier and his support was put down as being comprised mostly of women hating peasants and civil servants who somehow benefited from his patronage .
The liberal reformer Moussavi ’s supporters were portrayed in a considerably more favorable light .
Completely missing from Keller ’s piece and many other pieces in the US mainstream media ( and liberal magazines like the Nation ) is any genuine attempt to analyze both the class nature of the different candidate ’s supporters and the role Washington plays in the media ’s perception of Iranian politics .
Keller ’s most honest analytical statement in his entire piece : “ Saturday was a day of smoldering anger , crushed hopes and punctured illusions , from the streets of Tehran to the policy centers of Western capitals . ”
Keller and his fellow journalists accept that the desires of Western capitals , especially Washington , should be important to Iranians .
While this may certainly be the case among a small number of the intelligentsia and business community in Iran , the fact is that the West , especially Washington , is still not very popular among the Iranian masses .
Not only are they aware of decades of western intervention in their affairs , the fact that thousands of US troops continue to battle forces in two of Iran ’s neighbors makes Washington unwanted and detested .
Why should they do anything to please it ?
Yet , in the minds of the US news media , it is Washington ’s needs that dominate all discussion .
As for the class analysis .
Rightly or wrongly , Ahmadinejad seems to appeal to the majority of peasants and workers in Iran .
Just like Marat and the Jacobins appealed to the peasants and urban poor during the French revolution while Brissot and the Girondins appealed to the merchants and educated classes , Ahmadinejad ’s support comes from those who need bread while Moussavi ’s comes from those with plenty of bread and now want more civil liberties .
While it is arguably true that Ahmadinejad ’s policies have caused as many economic policies as they have solved , the fact remains that his supporters believe in his 2005 campaign call to bring the oil profits to the dinner table .
Mr. Moussavi ’s statements regarding the eventual reduction of commodity subsidies that benefit the poor may have hurt him in that demographic more than his supporters acknowledge .
In a Washington Post article published the day before the election , it was noted ( along with the fact that Ahmadinejad won the 2005 election with a “ surprising ” 62 % of the vote ) that his economic policies included the distribution of “ loans , money and other help for local needs . ”
One of these programs involved providing insurance to women who make rugs in their homes and had been without insurance until Ahmadinejad came to power .
Critics , including Moussavi , argue that his “ free - spending policies have fueled inflation and squandered windfall petrodollars without reducing unemployment . ”
There are other elements at play here , including the fabled corruption of certain unelected leaders in Iran and the role the international economic crisis plays in each and every nation ’s economy–a factor from which Iran is not immune .
In addition , the particular nature of an Islamic economy that blends government and private business creates a constant conflict between those who would nationalize everything and those who would privatize it all .
In regards to what this means for relations between Washington and Tehran–they will continue down whatever path Mr. Obama wishes them to go .
Tel Aviv , which criticized the election results , would not have changed its desire to quash Tehran no matter who won .
Indeed , the fact that Ahmadinejad was re-elected makes it easier for Tel Aviv to continue demonizing the only genuine threat to its dominance of the region .
The bottom line , however , is that the president of Iran really has no power in the course Iranian foreign policy takes .
That power remains with the Council of Guardians and the legislature .
Mr. Obama would do well to continue his attempts to negotiate without conditions .
He would also be wise to end any covert activity against the Iranian government currently being conducted .
The western media would do well to inform themselves on the real nature of Iranian politics and society instead of taking the viewpoint that what ’s best for Washington is best for Tehran .
Then again , that media should consider the non-Washington viewpoint in all of its international coverage .
For the left , the answer is clear .
The situation in Iran has changed .
The apparent popularity of Moussavi and other officially reocgnized reformers showed this before the election .
The dispute over the truth of the election results proves this even further .
However , neither Ahmadinejad or Moussavi represent a genuine move away from the power of the bazaar class and its appointed clerical council .
The desire for more civil freedoms must be coordinated with the need for economic justice .
Both of these aspirations seem to be currently at odds .
It seems apparent that only a leftist movement is capable of bringing the two together in a nation divided between its cities and its countryside ; its middle class and its workers and rural dwellers .
This was the case prior to the takeover of the Iranian revolution by socially conservative religious forces in 1980 and it could be the case again .
Levi Leipheimer crosses the finish line after being involved in a crash during the final kilometres of stage 12 .
( Image credit : Fotoreporter Sirotti )
Levi Leipheimer has been forced to abandon the Tour de France after breaking his wrist in a crash on stage 12 of the race on Thursday .
Cyclingnews spoke to an Astana 's press officer , Phillipe Maertens , who confirmed that Leipheimer would not start stage 13 on Friday .
" He was n't too bad last night but this morning , the pain was too much , " he said .
We took him to the hospital in Vittel , where scans revealed a transversal fracture of the scaphoid bone of the wrist .
He is still in hospital now .
He will certainly want to go home as soon as possible , but we have n't organised a flight yet . "
Leipheimer sustained the injury in a crash 2.5 kilometres from the finish of stage 12 into Vittel .
The Astana rider , who was in fourth place on GC , described the incident after completing the stage .
" I was a bit surprised by a left corner and my tire was sliding .
I could n't quite save my bike from sliding out ... so I slid out and hit the curb . "
Cadel Evans of Silence - Lotto was also involved in the crash , but came away relatively unscathed .
" My knee hurt .
So instead of taking the bus to the hotel , I rode my bike , " said Evans .
" It was only four kilometers but enough to feel that there is no problem with the knee . "
A disappointed Leipheimer , 35 , confirmed the news on his Twitter account on Friday morning : " My wrist is broken .
I ca n't describe how disappointed I am " read the post .
Editor ’s Note :
This article has been republished from 2009 in honor of Star Wars Day , thus some of the prices may be off .
Star Wars + LEGO = A Geek ’s Dream .
And in this economy , no one can afford this stuff .
But that wo n’t stop us from drooling over it .
Let ’s cut to the chase :
With 3104 pieces and 3 feet long , this is the daddy of the Star Wars LEGO universe .
Costs between $ 430 and $ 1000 .
Or , you get get a much cheaper one here .
I ’m finding this going for between $ 600 and $ 1000 , probably because it ’s a ‘ retired ’ item .
Regardless , it is n’t exactly the Millennium Falcon so no clue who ’d drop this kind of coin on a ship like this .
Okay , now we ’re talking .
This MUST - HAVE goes from $ 400 - $ 900 .
But if you do n’t want this one , get this one :
Costs between $ 400 and $ 500 .
I think the first one is better .
I found another one for about $ 800 : Millennium Falcon Set 7190 .
Yeah buddy !
The Death Star includes 24 minifigures and droids , and even the trash compactor !
Costs between $ 400 and $ 1000 .
Of course , this one is for playing inside the Death Star .
However , you can also get this one :
I suppose this one is just for blowing up other planets , not playing rescue - the - princess .
Costs between $ 260 and $ 430 .
For you Lando Calrissian lovers , get your heavenly Cloud City , which features 7 minifigures for $ 320 - $ 700 .
The Darth Maul LEGO Bust .
Exactly .
$ 380 -$ 530 .
Costs between $ 160 and $ 400 , but there ’s one problem with this .
Jabba the Hutt is hideous for a LEGO .
Let ’s take a closer look :
Worst . Jabba .
Ever . ( Psst … buy him here )
Here ’s a more affordable one , complete with Jabba and Princess Leia : Jabba ’s Palace .
And do n’t forget Jabba ’s Prize ( with Boba Fett , Han Solo in carbonite , and an ugly Gamorrean Guard ) and Jabba ’s Message ( C - 3P0 , R2 - D2 and Bib Fortuna ) .
Anything involving the AT - AT is cool .
Seeing it for sale between $ 120 and $ 500 .
You can also get a Motorized Walking AT - AT .
Seeing this 14 - inch Jedi Master between $ 175 and $ 326 .
I like this because it comes with four ships , and Darth Vader .
Costs between $ 180 - $ 285 .
But I gotta say , this one looks cooler :
Running between $ 300 and $ 700 .
There are many other really expensive Star Wars LEGO sets ( find them here ) , but these are the most interesting I could find .
Star Wars Minifigures
Now , let ’s move onto the more affordable options … the minifigures sold separately .
C - 3PO ( Golden , Limited Edition of 10,000 )
It ’s golden !
It ’s limited edition !
It ’s a must - have !
Slave Leia
Is it wrong that I think even the LEGO version of this is hot ?
You can also get her with a lot more clothes on ( in her Hoth outfit ) .
Boba Fett
Why is this guy so popular ?
Also get him on a key chain or in one of the Jabba sets above .
Or , buy him with his ship , Slave 1 .
Darth Vader
Even the LEGO version of Vader is awesome .
And if you get him , you should also get him when he is damaged , when he is a kid , and when he is a teen .
Darth Maul with Silver Double - Sided Lightsaber
Even the LEGO version of Maul sucks .
Stormtrooper
This one rocks … just like the original toys , you ’ve gotta get a bunch of these and line them up behind Vader .
Also get Stormtrooper ( Black ) , Clone Trooper ( Red ) , Kashyyyk Trooper , Scout Trooper , or Snowtrooper .
Chewbacca
I wish they made a whole Wookie army of LEGO characters .
Imperial Royal Guard with Force Pike
Something about this guy is really cool , though he ’s just a minor character .
If you get him , then you should also get Emperor Palpatine .
Or , you can get both the emperor and Vader in this set called Final Duel I .
C- 3PO
Or , if you ’re too cheap to buy the gold one , get the ordinary one .
This figure is featured in the image , LEGO C3PO , I ’m Your Father
R2-D2
And if you get the C - 3PO , you ’ve gotta get R2 - D2 .
Ewok
I love the Ewoks , but this was the only one I could find .
Wish there were more .
Luke Skywalker ( Black Hand )
Whoever this guy is …
Also get him in his Tatooine outfit .
More :
Han Solo ( Brown Legs with Jacket )
Yoda – LEGO Star Wars Figure
Obi Wan Kenobi ( Old Ben )
Mace Windu
Tusken Raider
Jar Jar Binks
Rebel Trooper
Qui-Gon Jinn
Jawa
Battle Droid
Believe it or not , there are many more that you can find on Amazon .
Now , let ’s watch some cool LEGO game video :
Niamh Algar has had a whirlwind couple of years , which excep ...
By Paul Reynolds
World affairs correspondent , BBC News website
The report wants the Trident replacement plan to be reviewed A report by defence experts for the Institute for Public Policy Research ( IPPR ) has called for radical changes in British security and defence policy .
The think tank 's report is basically a plea that Britain should stop punching " above its weight " and start punching at its proper , much lighter , weight .
The report should be seen as part of a sequence since World War Two in which Britain has had to adjust its defence policy to fit its diminishing place in the world , often against resistance from entrenched political , military and industrial interests .
The IPPR predicts that the US will soon no longer be the " single superpower " but will remain the one with the " greatest overall impact " .
As for the Europeans , it says : " The individual countries of Europe , including the United Kingdom , are ... continuing a long and gradual process of decline . "
Direction downwards
Its stream of recommendations all point one way - downwards , away from a top - heavy military relying on the United States and towards a more flexible approach to international security , with closer links to Europe and a rethink on major items .
Quotes from its two co-chairs sum this up .
Former Labour defence minister and Nato secretary general Lord Robertson said : " In the post 9/11 , post - financial crisis world , we must be smarter and more ruthless in targeting national resources at the real security risks .
European co-operation is the only viable way forward in many areas . "
Lord Ashdown , former Liberal Democrat leader and Bosnia high representative , said : " We can not carry on as we are .
The most important part of what we do today is what we do with others . "
In a fundamental way the report departs from the British government 's own National Security Strategy document , which was published in 2008 and updated last week with the addition of a section on cyber warfare .
The government tries to justify the need for both counter - terrorist measures ( the new thinking since 9/11 in which it has invested heavily ) and conventional armed forces that include the new version of Trident , two new aircraft carriers , and new destroyers and aircraft .
Decisive shift
This report , heavily influenced by the security threats exemplified by 9/11 , moves more decisively away from traditional policies about fighting wars against conventional armed forces and towards a concentration on combating unconventional , terrorist and economic threats .
Among its military recommendations : - Greater specialisation in the UK armed forces , investing in high quality personnel training , tactical ground - air support , and intelligence , surveillance , targeting and reconnaissance assets .
However , it does recommend an increase in the size of the British forces from 98,000 to 115-120,000 .
- More special forces to deal with a Mumbai - type attack in the UK .
- Scaling back some conventional capability led by cutbacks in planned areas of defence spending costing £ 24bn - aircraft carriers , joint strike fighter , Type 45 destroyers and Astute class submarines " should all be in the frame " .
- Review of Trident replacement to see if there are alternatives or if the system 's life can be extended .
It also proposes : - A National Security Council for the UK , to co-ordinate security policy currently divided up among government departments .
-
An active British role in developing European defence co-operation , though not , it adds , a European army and not as a way to replace Nato .
" UK reliance on the United States is complacent and it is delusional to believe the UK can go it alone .
We need a major increase in European defence and security co-operation to strengthen Nato . "
Domestic security
At the same time , as is to be expected from the IPPR , which calls itself a " progressive " think tank , it lays considerable emphasis on the need for strict compliance with human rights laws .
It wants the use of criminal courts ( with the use of intercept evidence ) as opposed to measures such as control orders .
It also comes out against extradition to countries where torture might be used unless robust measures can be put in place to ensure this does not happen .
It questions whether ID cards are necessary .
This emphasis on civil liberties is part of a hearts and minds strategy designed to undermine extremists .
" We need to make it clear to all that our own values and processes are the best weapon for addressing any grievance , " it says .
Edge
The presence on this commission of Lord Guthrie , former chief of the defence staff , Sir David Omand , ex Home Office counter - terrorist strategist and Sir Jeremy Greenstock , ex Foreign Office and UN ambassador , give the report a realistic edge and an inside knowledge of government that others of its kind sometimes lack .
But will it be followed up ?
Its problem is that governments act only very slowly and are loath to change direction very quickly .
Policy often lags behind events and economics .
And decisions once taken are hard to change .
For example , the decision to replace Trident with new submarines and updated missiles has already been announced .
The issue of an alternative ( nuclear weapons launched from cruise missiles for one ) was examined at the time and rejected .
European army
Two new aircraft carriers and the aircraft to go with them have an immense industrial attraction , which again will not be easy to abandon .
The significance of the document lies in its influence over longer - term thinking , though even here it seems at times to shy away from its own logic .
By recommending " permanent structured defence co-operation " ( a phrase from the Lisbon treaty ) within the European Union and specialisation by individual countries , it comes close to pointing the way forward to an European army one day .
Perhaps another such report down the road will recommend that .
Paul.Reynolds-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Alright , if you ’re just tuning in for the first time , you might want to check out the post leading up to this where I just use butane from a cigarette lighter and an empty water bottle here :
How to make a butane bottle rocket .
Now , this time around I ’m using a 2 - liter soda bottle for the
rocket body , two different types of alcohol for fuel ( isopropyl alcohol aka ‘ rubbing alcohol ’ that you can get from any drug / grocery store , and Everclear which is 95 % ethyl alcohol which I got from the liquor store ) , and a nitrous oxide ‘ booster ’ from some whipped cream chargers –the nitrous oxide serves
the purpose of replacing the oxidizer used by the fuel ( oxygen must be present for anything to burn ) from the 15 % O2 contained in the air to 100 % nitrous oxide .
As you will see , this makes a BIG damned difference in the power output of the engine .
Here we go ( info on where / how to get the nitrous after the video ) :
Nitrous Oxide–There are 2 Different Ways to Get This Stuff
Ok , the nitrous oxide you see me using in the video above comes from whipped cream chargers : here are the exact ones I used from Amazon ( about $ 12 + shipping for 24 chargers ) , and the stainless steel thing I use to get the nitrous out is a whip cream dispenser : here ’s the exact one I use which also happens to be the cheapest one I can find on Amazon ( about $ 40 ) .
If that ’s too much check eBay or get yourself a nitrous oxide ‘ cracker ’ : it ’s used to crack open those nitrous chargers for …erm…inhalation ( which , yes , is illegal , but using them for getting the nitrous to make a homemade rocket engine is n’t 😀 ) –hey , nitrous oxide is laughing gas ; eBay sometimes has them , careful you do n’t break the law in your state if they
happen to be illegal because they ’re considered ‘ drug paraphernalia ’ .
The other thing I refer to as a “ whip - it ” ( lol , a few people will get that and laugh at my confusion ) is Reddi Whip , which you can see over there on the upper left –there are only two ingredients used in that can : heavy whipping cream and nitrous oxide , that ’s it .
So you just keep the
can upright ( to keep the cream from coming out , this way you get just the gas ) and leak the gas out , but since it ’s heavier than air you ’ll need to use a straw , a tube , or something you can attach to the dispenser on the Reddi Whip and then put into the soda bottle to get the gas into it .
Additional Resources and Further Reading
Two books I highly recommend if you ’re really interested in homemade rockets and amateur rocketry are : Handbook of Model Rocketry ( this is sort of the official bible and centers around using over - the - counter engines as opposed to homemade ones ) and PVC Rocket Engine : A do - it - yourself guide for building a K450 PVC plastic rocket engine .
which is , obviously , about how to cook up rocket engines in your kitchen , check ’em out .
If you liked that you ’ll probably also want to try this :
How to make a match rocket ( all you need is a match and a couple paper clips to get a 10 foot launch )
Here ’s a really cool video on how to make a solid rocket engine with some kitty litter , sugar , and potassium nitrate ( salt peter–very easy to get stuff )
And here ’s a cool piece from NASA on how to make a water - propelled bottle rocket with some antacid tablets ( no pumping the stupid thing up with a bike pump , yay ) … Also , on a related note I found this page that shows you how to take a regular water bottle rocket rig and use dry ice to get the compressed gas you need instead of pumping it up ( he apparently hates that damned bike pump as much as I do ) : Big Foot water rocket launcher system
Oh this is too cool , these guys took the diet coke and mentos craze and figured out how to turn it into a rocket : Diet Coke and Mentos Rocket Video
We reject all forms of government , from dictatorships to democracies .
We advocate a free society through anarchy .
The state is an inferior and unjustified social framework both in practice and principle .
" And this I must fight against : any idea , religion or government which limits or destroys the individual .
This is what I am and what I am about .
I can understand why a system built on a pattern must try to destroy the free mind , for this is the one thing which can by inspection destroy such a system . "
~ John Steinbeck ( 1902 — 1968 ) American Author
I was glad I was n’t eating anything other than ice cream when I heard the news report proclaiming atheism was on the rise in America .
It produced one of those moments when mind and body fall into discord .
You know , when the mind says , " WHAT ! " while the body tries desperately not to inhale what should properly be swallowed .
As my mind tried frantically , between coughs and gasping for air , to come to terms with the words being used in the report it became clear that the news anchor was serious .
He actually was stating what he believed was a reality !
Wow , you talk about being disengaged from the dialectic , but then why , after all , should we look to find truth through a logical set of arguments ?
Anymore , few in the news use the English language in a manner that properly expresses what the words mean ; rather it ’s all about the unstated agenda .
What the reporter was trying to say , was that the report states there has been a decrease in American ’s acceptance of traditional Christian monotheism .
Whether that is the truth or not can be debated but to say that the American public is trending toward a philosophy of " no god " is ludicrous .
Without going into a long discourse on the derivation or etymology of the word " god " let ’s , for the moment , agree that the word is a title as opposed to a proper name .
As such " god " has been used throughout history as title for the sun , moon , planets , sky , earth , deified ancestors , judges , magistrates , tyrants , emperors — Domitian , 81—96 AD , was renowned for wearing a crown of gold on which was inscribed " Dominus et Deus " ( Lord and God ) — and a supreme being who in monotheistic religions is conceived as the perfect , omnipotent , omniscient , ruler of the universe .
It is because of the Sanskrit " div , " " diu " ( sky , day , shine ) that we have the words " deity , " " divine " and " divinity . "
It is through the concept of " a god " that man confers sovereignty to something or someone other than himself , which in turn grounds his belief in an awe - inspiring entity that is endowed with the power of physical and / or spiritual life or death over the adherents .
Conversely , the more sovereignty conferred the greater the god and the godly powers .
This belief in the supremacy of an ultimate authority to rule is what we commonly call religion .
Complete Works of Tacitus Tacitus Best Price : $ 7.06 Buy New $ 55.00 ( as of 09:20 EST - Details )
It is true to say that many religions have a moral view which is in opposition to violence but it is equally false to claim they have been true to their principles .
The simple fact is all religions have used the state to advance their goals by the force of arms .
Aristotle understood the concept when he said : " A tyrant must put on the appearance of uncommon devotion to religion .
Subjects are less apprehensive of illegal treatment from a ruler whom they consider god-fearing and pious .
On the other hand , they do less easily move against him , believing that he has the gods on his side . "
The extremes of both the Humanist atheists and religious sectarians have a problem .
The humanist sees theistic religion as being a danger to society ’s greatest ambitions and freedom .
In turn the sectarian theists see the humanists as a threat to the moral values of the society .
Both camps try to martial the state to further the " cause " thereby making the state the sole judge and arbitrator ; which has the consequence of placing the state in the position of the ruling god .
In asking the nation - state to " back " their causes both camps obliterate the veracity of their cases .
The Humanist Atheists prove they are not really concerned with freedom or the welfare of humanity .
Nor are they atheist but in actuality theists who must use a power higher than themselves and their arguments , and that power resides in their god -state .
Through state agencies , the sectarian theists relegate their god to the realm of myth ; proving the impotence of their god and their canon by transferring His supremacy to the state .
State supported Christianity has , in the words of Karl Marx , " a vested interest in unjust structures that create victims , to whom you then can pour out your hearts in charity . ”
On one point both extremes agree .
Only the true god in the form of the nation - state or its agent may take life and require others to shed blood or sacrifice their life .
Whoever accepts these terms is allowed to continue to exist , to preach their precepts , and call their cult whatever they wish .
However , only the nation - state as the sole deity of man may kill its own ; everything else is heresy ( falling under the heading of " crime " ) — simply put , no competition will be allowed .
Each camp asserting to be moral giants are in reality ethical infants , who while claiming to be standing on principles of freedom are perfectly happy to reduce society to slavery .
The end result is a history of extremes .
One extreme uses the central government to promote " political correctness " while the other promotes " religious intolerance " in the form of Pharisaism .
One gleefully accepts mountains of dead , destruction of ancient civilizations , and wholesale murder under the guise of " protecting " freedom and themselves from barbarians ; while the other bilk the innocent of life in the name of individual reproductive " freedom , " " saving the earth " or as a matter of " economic expediency . "
It is equally true that most in society are not in one camp or the other but have as a matter of record accepted , in one degree or another , the tenets of both .
Thus , the ebb and flow of the political fortunes of each extreme , in a matter of course and time , has resulted in an inept , lying , omnipotent , omnipresent god-state that seeks to control every economic and physical aspect of life , including our water , food , energy , medicine , and information .
The existing political entanglements have now produced a god - state which no longer seeks to persuade but rather dictates it ’s will under the pejorative declaration : " IT IS THE LAW AND IT MUST BE ENFORCED . "
In 1833 John C. Calhoun addressed this albatross to freedom :
" The law must be enforced !
The imperial edict must be executed !
It is under such sophistry , couched in general terms , without looking to the limitations which must ever exist in the practical exercise of power , that the most cruel and despotic acts ever have been covered .
It was such sophistry as this that cast Daniel into the lions ’ den and the three Innocents into the fiery furnace .
Under the same sophistry the bloody edicts of Nero and Caligula were executed .
The law must be enforced !
… No , no !…
Force may indeed hold the parts together , but such Union would be the bond between master and slave , a Union of exaction on one side and of unqualified obedience on the other .
Disguise it as you may , the contest is one between power and liberty . "
As the United States continues its economic slide toward a 13th - century feudal society it has become blatantly obvious to a growing minority that something is dreadfully wrong .
Whether they know it or not they sense the central government is preparing an armed response to the coming social crisis .
People are beginning to dread any governmental " corrective " actions ; hate taxation with its continual rising rates ; know the courts , via judicial activism , have bastardized Constitutional , as well as common law , setting in motion events which have annihilated their property and civil rights .
Feeling immured by laws people do n’t like and do n’t understand they attribute their chains to an unresponsive , hidebound , feckless congress backing a bumptious , chimerical , outré executive who trots out one crises after another , followed by patently stupid nostrums which flummox all but the simple minded .
For those who have n’t had this revelation of reality the American Revolutionary diplomat Arthur Lee ’s words should have some resonance for today .
Speaking to the parallel conditions of the ancient Roman people enslaved to their government and the lot of the people of America if they continued in their state under British rule , Lee wrote :
The Roman people " were already wicked . . . [ and ] were soon to be weak and miserable ; they were soon to groan under the most execrable monsters that ever blackened human nature : Tiberius , Nero , Caligula , Commodus , and Domitian … "
Samuel Adams could also be called on to verify the present dilemma that Americans face in relation to ancient Rome .
Adams informed his readership through the Boston Gazette :
" Had not Caesar seen that Rome was ready to stoop , he would not have dared to make himself the Master of that once brave people . . . [ he ] led them gently into slavery .
. . .
What difference is there between the present state of this province , which in course will be the deplorable state of all America , and that of Rome ? "
Indeed , what difference is there between the present state of American society and that of ancient Rome ; save the speed of descent into abject servitude ?
There , however , was one difference between Julius Caesar and our modern " political leadership , " which can only be expressed by one as learned as Samuel Adams .
" The Tyrant of Rome , to do him justice , had learning , courage , and great abilities … "
Is it any wonder that some within society are threatening the lives of judges and their families ?
When society , at large , is faced with being annihilated in a blizzard of bullets under the pretext of " enforcing the law " or dying a slow agonizing death from a horde of viruses or swarms of bacteria released to save Gia , what is to be expected ?
What is the incongruity between the current economic , judicial , political morass being perpetuated by a brain - dead bureaucracy and the fact that the " profane " among the American public having purchased enough weapons and ammunition , since January 2009 , to " outfit the entire Chinese and Indian armies " ?
Why were so many surprised that the god - state listed those they fear the most in a number of pamphlets designed to warn its enforcers ?
In a recent conversation with a close friend concerning this subject he asked , " So what happens next ? "
No one can fully answer that question .
History says there will be a revolution but what form it will take or when it will take place is anyone ’s guess .
It is inevitable that a straightforward transformation in the power relations within American society will occur ; probably due to economic necessity but assuredly due to survival from the abuse present with political mediocrity .
The reason for such an event was addressed by John S. Preston , Commissioner from South Carolina , to the Convention of Virginia , on February 19 , 1861 .
After listing the abuses suffered over the years by the State of South Carolina at the hands of the Federal government Mr. Preston said in part :
" It is not only a revolution of actual material necessity , but it is a revolution resulting from the deepest convictions , the ideas , the sentiments , the moral and intellectual necessities , of earnest and intelligent men .
It is not only the primeval and never - dying struggle of the liberty of labor against the despotism of power ; but it is that still sterner conflict which shivered Greece and disintegrated the huge and solid mass of Rome … "
History marches on , the names of nations and empires change but the underlying reason for their coming into existence , maturing into empires , and leaving the world stage remain constant .
The Best of Tim Case
Some parts of the blogosphere , headed up by CEI ( “ CO2 : They call it pollution , we call it life ! “ ) , are all a - twitter over an apparently “ suppressed ” document that supposedly undermines the EPA Endangerment finding about human emissions of carbon dioxide and a basket of other greenhouse gases .
Well a draft of this “ suppressed ” document has been released and we can now all read this allegedly devastating critique of the EPA science .
Let ’s take a look …
First off the authors of the submission ; Alan Carlin is an economist and John Davidson is an ex-member of the Carter administration Council of Environmental Quality .
Neither are climate scientists .
That ’s not necessarily a problem – perhaps they have mastered multiple fields ?
– but it is likely an indication that the analysis is not going to be very technical ( and so it will prove ) .
Curiously , while the authors work for the NCEE ( National Center for Environmental Economics ) , part of the EPA , they appear to have rather closely collaborated with one Ken Gregory ( his inline comments appear at multiple points in the draft ) .
Ken Gregory if you do n’t know is a leading light of the Friends of Science – a astroturf anti-climate science lobbying group based in Alberta .
Indeed , parts of the Carlin and Davidson report appear to be lifted directly from Ken ’s rambling magnum opus on the FoS site .
However , despite this odd pedigree , the scientific points could still be valid .
Their main points are nicely summarised thus : a ) the science is so rapidly evolving that IPCC ( 2007 ) and CCSP ( 2009 ) reports are already out of date , b ) the globe is cooling ! , c ) the consensus on hurricane / global warming connections has moved from uncertain to ambiguous , d) Greenland is not losing mass , no sirree … , e ) the recession will save us ! , f ) water vapour feedback is negative ! , and g ) Scafetta and West ’s statistical fit of temperature to an obsolete solar forcing curve means that all other detection and attribution work is wrong .
From this “ evidence ” , they then claim that all variations in climate are internal variability , except for the warming trend which is caused by the sun , oh and by the way the globe is cooling .
Devastating eh ?
One can see a number of basic flaws here ; the complete lack of appreciation of the importance of natural variability on short time scales , the common but erroneous belief that any attribution of past climate change to solar or other forcing means that CO2 has no radiative effect , and a hopeless lack of familiarity of the basic science of detection and attribution .
But it gets worse , what solid peer reviewed science do they cite for support ?
A heavily - criticised blog posting showing that there are bi-decadal periods in climate data and that this proves it was the sun wot done it .
The work of an award - winning astrologer ( one Theodor Landscheidt , who also thought that the rise of Hitler and Stalin were due to cosmic cycles ) , a classic Courtillot paper we ’ve discussed before , the aforementioned FoS web page , another web page run by Doug Hoyt , a paper by Garth Paltridge reporting on artifacts in the NCEP reanalysis of water vapour that are in contradiction to every other reanalysis , direct observations and satellite data , a complete reprint of another un - peer reviewed paper by William Gray , a nonsense paper by Miskolczi etc. etc .
I ’m not quite sure how this is supposed to compete with the four rounds of international scientific and governmental review of the IPCC or the rounds of review of the CCSP reports ….
They do n’t even notice the contradictions in their own cites .
For instance , they show a figure that demonstrates that galactic cosmic ray and solar trends are non-existent from 1957 on , and yet cheerfully quote Scafetta and West who claim that almost all of the recent trend is solar driven !
They claim that climate sensitivity is very small while failing to realise that this implies that solar variability can’t have any effect either .
They claim that GCM simulations produced trends over the twentieth century of 1.6 to 3.74 ºC – which is simply ( and bizarrely ) wrong ( though with all due respect , that one seems to come directly from Mr. Gregory ) .
Even more curious , Carlin appears to be a big fan of geo- engineering , but how this squares with his apparent belief that we know nothing about what drives climate , is puzzling .
A sine qua non of geo- engineering is that we need models to be able to predict what is likely to happen , and if you think they are all wrong , how could you have any faith that you could effectively manage a geo- engineering approach ?
Finally , they end up with the oddest claim in the submission :
That because human welfare has increased over the twentieth century at a time when CO2 was increasing , this somehow implies that no amount of CO2 increases can ever cause a danger to human society .
This is just boneheadly stupid .
So in summary , what we have is a ragbag collection of un - peer reviewed web pages , an unhealthy dose of sunstroke , a dash of astrology and more cherries than you can poke a cocktail stick at .
Seriously , if that ’s the best they can do , the EPA ’s ruling is on pretty safe ground .
If I were the authors , I ’d suppress this myself , and then go for a long hike on the Appalachian Trail … .
Dear Cecil : I heard that the four - color map problem was solved recently ... by a computer !
What 's the straight dope on this , Cecil ?
Is this only a " limited " solution ?
G.B.C. , Van Nuys , California
Cecil replies :
Dear G. :
I do n’t know that I would call 1976 " recently , " but yes , the four - color map problem was solved ( more or less ) using a computer by two prairie geniuses at the University of Illinois at Champaign - Urbana , Wolfgang Haken and Kenneth Appel .
The four - color map problem , as all mathematically hip personages know , is to determine whether there is any map that requires the use of more than four different colors if you want to avoid having adjacent regions be the same color .
A matter of no great consequence , you might think , but this is the sort of thing that fascinates math aficionados–in this case for well over a century .
Haken and Appel proved that ( as was widely suspected ) four colors are all you ever need .
Cecil would be pleased to reproduce H&A ’s proof here , except that it took 1,200 computer hours and a zillion cubic yards of printout paper to do , so you ’re just going to have to take my word for it .
Basically what the computer did was check out all the possible map combinations by trial and error .
There are those who complain that this process does not constitute a mathematical proof , as that term is usually understood , but rather falls more into the category of an experiment , understandably something of a novelty in the field of abstract mathematics .
Some suggest that a simpler and more elegant proof may yet be found .
But most experts regard the H&A proof as quite sufficient in the meantime .
Cecil Adams
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
NEW YORK ( Reuters Health ) - Three U.S. scientists are concern about the potential of people contracting Creutzfeldt Jakob disease -- the human form of “ mad cow disease ” -- from eating farmed fish who are fed byproducts rendered from cows .
Mad cow disease , also called bovine spongiform encephalopathy is a fatal brain disease in cattle , which scientists believe can cause Creutzfeldt Jakob disease in humans who eat infected cow parts .
In the latest issue of the Journal of Alzheimer ’s Disease , Dr. Robert P. Friedland , a neurologist at University of Louisville in Kentucky and colleagues suggest that farmed fish fed contaminated cow parts could transmit Creutzfeldt Jakob disease .
The scientists want government regulators to ban feeding cow meat or bone meal to fish until the safety of this common practice can be confirmed .
Eating fish at least two times a week is widely recommended because of the beneficial effects of omega - 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on the heart and brain , they note .
“ We are concerned , ” Friedland and colleagues write , that eating farmed fish may provide a means of transmission of infectious proteins from cows to humans , causing variant Creutzfeldt Jakob disease .
“ We have not proven that it ’s possible for fish to transmit the disease to humans .
Still , we believe that out of reasonable caution for public health , the practice of feeding rendered cows to fish should be prohibited , ” Friedland said in a prepared statement .
“ Fish do very well in the seas without eating cows , ” he added .
The risk of transmission of made cow disease to humans who eat farmed fish “ would appear to be low , ” the scientists emphasize , because of perceived barriers between the species , but that ’s no guarantee that it ca n’t happen .
“ The fact that no cases of Creutzfeldt Jakob disease have been linked to eating farmed fish does not assure that feeding rendered cow parts to fish is safe , ” Friedland said .
“ The incubation period of these diseases may last for decades , which makes the association between feeding practices and infection difficult , ” he points out .
“ Enhanced safeguards need to be put in place to protect the public , ” Friedland concludes .
SOURCE : Journal of Alzheimer ’s Disease , June 2009 .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
07/31/2009
They only want to take away our rights -- why should they listen to us ?
by Jeremy Hooper
The states may change .
The far - right 's war on fair dissenting views does not :
Stand For Marriage Maine 's official Facebook page , 3:10 PM :
Stand For Marriage Maine 's official Faacebook page , 3:14 PM :
It 's the social media equivalent of sticking your fingers in your ears and going , " la , la , la , la , la . .. "
** UPDATE , 3:25 : Now , every single post that is not anti-gay has been yanked .
Feel free to go add your own ( firm but fair ) contributions .
** UPDATE : 4:20 : This is the kind of " militancy " they 're deleting :
Your thoughts
Funny how you have the huevos to post dissenting views on the professional anti-gay sites ' " comments " boards , and they are deleted .
But on your site , where you actually allow dissenting opinions , none of the the chief bigots - for - pay will either allow you to post their comments or actually bother trying to rationalize their positions .
Telling .
Posted by : Sykler | Jul 31 , 2009 3:32:35 PM
Jeremy , I 'm assuming that this is n't the first time they have deleted your wall posts .
right ?
Its this " You 're wrong , I 'm right because my God says so " mentality that drives me nuts and their facts are from an anti-gay group either using old research that is no longer true or they make it up from what they " think " is true .
It sickens me .
Posted by : Sam | Jul 31 , 2009 3:46:23 PM
Seriously , every single one of us needs to go over to that Facebook page and do some screen - capturing .
What the defenders of SM - Maine are saying is some kinda crazy ... and should be heard by all the good citizens of Maine .
" Was n't Hitler gay ? "
" Did he save homosexuals ... for preferential treatment ? "
But do n't worry , undecided Mainers ... your Washington , DC - based friends at SM - Maine are only trying to " Protect Marriage " .
For now .
Posted by : Sykler | Jul 31 , 2009 3:52:43 PM
I posted this ( http://img194.imageshack.us/img194/531/429.png ) at 4:29 above another pro-equality post .
Both were gone by 4:33 .
Posted by : Adam | Jul 31 , 2009 4:37:15 PM
Good job capturing it , Adam .
Everyone else , feel free to do the same .
Upload your pics to a free image sharing site like imageshack and post it here .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Jul 31 , 2009 4:45:47 PM
For kicks , I posted this .
They deleted it within a couple of minutes , so it looks like they oppose ALL posts , not just anti-LGB ones ( heh heh , shoulder nudge ) http://www.b3tards.com/u/da840f156184f3d0d146/picture_16.png
Also , I wrote this - which as of 8 minutes ago had neither been deleted nor commented upon :
http://www.b3tards.com/u/da840f156184f3d0d146/picture_19.png
Posted by : Harrison | Jul 31 , 2009 5:11:15 PM
perhaps we should have a posting campaign .
Get as many folks as you can to write respectful pro-gay stuff on their wall .
Swamp and overwhelm them till their whole day is spent trying to keep up with the deletions .
Posted by : Joe Brummer | Jul 31 , 2009 5:16:01 PM
The really need to go here to find out what they are really fighting for in a bible based marriage and is quite funny to boot .
And it is all true in every version of the bible I have study it is all in there .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFkeKKszXTw
And if you wish you may check out my attempt into the blogging realm .
http://religiousfalacies.blogspot.com/
Posted by : Odell Davis | Jul 31 , 2009 5:52:20 PM
Why are we bothering to convince the tiny minority of professional bigots to change their minds when the majority of people in this country support marriage equality ?
Leave the crazies alone and focus on the people who actually have the power to change things but refuse to , like Homophobe in Chief Obama .
Posted by : Lonnie | Jul 31 , 2009 6:05:51 PM
Lonnie : First off , please , please , please do n't take Maine for granted .
People thought California was a sure thing .
It was n't and neither is Maine .
Secondly :
This post is n't about just that one F'book page .
It 's about the entire anti-gay movement , and how they handle views other than their own .
Here at G - A - Y , we build a database of all this stuff .
The sum of the parts becomes powerful .
As this campaign rolls along , their official F'book page will surely be a place for their supporters to gather .
We 're getting there early , making our case .
And we are tracking their behavior , so that we can show the public what their fight and their overall movement is really all about .
This one post is going all over the place -- the story of their deletion becomes far better activism than any one of our comments would have been by itself .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Jul 31 , 2009 6:20:53 PM
lol @hoover
you should print up some fake buisiness cards " Jiminy Hoover - Hellbound Homo Heretic "
Posted by : Ashton | Jul 31 , 2009 7:39:01 PM
Are they manning the delete button 24/7 ?
There is probably a point in the evening when posted comments might stick , at least until the next morning .
And , just because they delete a comment does n't mean that you can't post the same comment again .
I save typed text as draft emails , and then can just copy from that draft email and paste it into the comment form .
It might sound a bit heavy handed , could even be considered flaming , but pasting the same comment three or four times a day ...
Posted by : Dick Mills | Jul 31 , 2009 8:15:07 PM
No disrespect to the shape of Maine but does n't that logo look like a big knife or wedge is plunging into that family , ready to drive it apart ?
That 's what they want , those S4MMs !
They want to attack children with big knives !!!!
Posted by : Glenn I | Aug 1 , 2009 1:26:26 AM
Radical pro-hate crimes , pro-bullying , anti-gay activists have one motto : " Freedom of speech is mine , not thine . "
The minute a pro-equality American tries to speak up with a different opinion , it 's deleted , censored or in the case of large , pro-homophobia advocacy groups like AFA , it 's boycotted and threatened .
Now , these anti-gay groups are out to take away our freedom of assembly and association as evidenced by the recent anti-gay spectacle in Charlotte , NC at Pride in which their basic goal was to surround and silence a pro-gay celebration and stop it from happening in the future .
Posted by : Michael | Aug 1 , 2009 5:45:17 AM
I posted two comments on their wall last night @ 12:30 AM :
http://img146.imageshack.us/img146/9984/picture9jeh.png
http://img19.imageshack.us/img19/8981/picture11j.png and by the next morning they were deleted :
http://img13.imageshack.us/img13/4867/picture14c.png
Posted by : John | Aug 1 , 2009 11:44:09 AM
Yep ... my post was deleted too .
Luckily I have it saved on my desktop so I 'll keep re-posting the exact same message and document the amount of times it is deleted .
Posted by : Forky | Aug 1 , 2009 4:40:22 PM
Love how any time they get criticized for their rabid anti-gay views they whine that they 're " being silenced " yet they outright delete anything that is n't anti-gay whenever they have the opportunity .
Who is being silenced ?
My comment on their page , which wo n't last long :
" Buffy Lavender Hear hear !
Stand for Marriage ( as long as it's heterosexuals only ) .
Nothing says " freedom of religion " like the state telling churches who they can and cannot marry .
Freedom for some , the right to do the hair of the free for others ! "
54 seconds ago · Report
Posted by : Buffy | Aug 2 , 2009 4:55:22 AM
I left like 15 comments on there , all pretty civil and fair minded I think .
Let 's see how long they last ...
Posted by : Stef | Aug 2 , 2009 3:04:10 PM
Here 's a capture from 10:00 this morning .
( It 's 2 M , so do n't be surprised if it takes a few seconds to download . )
http://blog.mattalgren.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/08/stand-for-marriage-maine-08-03-09-1001.png
Posted by : Matt Algren | Aug 3 , 2009 10:07:46 AM
It 's a good thing I got that one too .
Less than 15 minutes later everything from the last 11 hours is gone .
Posted by : Matt Algren | Aug 3 , 2009 10:23:43 AM
Did anybody screen - cap that guy on Monday who said homosexuality is a virus ?
And that homosexualists will sodomize you if you do n't stand up for your rights ?
Please , please , please !
Those comments should - nay - MUST live on for all time .
I 'd have screen - capped them , but I was n't using my home computer at the time .
PS : Jeremy , how do you do this every day ?
Tracking * one* itty - bitty facebook page for just two days has exhausted me .
Posted by : DN | Aug 4 , 2009 10:09:51 AM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
I must admit that in a world where turmoil churns abroad in revolutionary lands where the price for a counted vote is tallied not in little red stickers but in blood or where the proliferation of undocumented nuclear weapons in little - known Balkan states is a secret fear that haunts the dreams of the overly well informed , I am largely glad that the most talented , the most determined and the most hardened journalists did not , upon graduating from college , decide " I 'm totally going to write about video games . "
The complaint about the state of video game journalism is a tired one , and even as a participant in the fray I remain pretty non-committal on the issue .
I have read the grousing about the supposedly puerile and amateur nature of competing publications who pepper gaming stories with the kind of writing one might expect from an average episode of The Simpsons .
But , as I watch video from E3 presentation in which the gaming press rise as one and cheer like the wild game fans that they truly are , I wonder how anyone could have ever been under the delusion that ours was an unbiased effort .
I myself , before deciding to fully divest myself from any appearance of impartiality , worked in the gaming news business for several sites , including being among the first on staff to report for The Escapist .
I have written long form previews for print magazines , and I have written snappy posts for well trafficked news blogs , and I have conducted interviews with gaming news makers for podcasts and I have written in - depth articles with supporting facts and even the occasional footnote or citation .
I am an old hand at the games writing biz , and I am ready to concede on the whole that , no - you 're right .
I am not a journalist .
Thank God for that !
I do not want to minimize what we games writers do .
I think that is the first and fundamental mistake in most arguments made against our profession - and it is a profession .
But , we are primarily entertainment providers , a vehicle for readers to swim in the gaming waters even without controller in hand , and while there is a valuable place for that , I sincerely doubt it rises to the occasion of journalism .
Journalism is a profession which I hold in high regard , and frankly the ones who do it well have skillsets as alien to me as surgeons and underwater welders .
As I watch journalists risk life and limb in the streets of Tehran , I recognize that the worst thing likely happen to a games journalist would be a strongly worded cease and desist letter for breach of a Non-Disclosure Agreement .
The risks associated with sitting in my comfy chair and monitoring the internet for morsels of entertainment that I can take pot -shots at are , on the whole , minimal .
In games writing , the most ambitious and surreptitious actions we are likely to be charged with is getting around a PR handler .
And , when it comes right down to it , I 'm pretty impressed when a games writer bothers to confirm information or seek comment from an official or unofficial source in conjunction with a story .
Give that man some kind of internet common - sense medal , I say , because he 's going places !
( Image )
El Congreso de Honduras aprobó este miércoles una restricción " parcial " de algunas garantías constitucionales por 72 horas , propuesta por el gobierno , informaron dos diputados que participaron en la sesión del legislativo .
" La norma autoriza a mantener personas detenidas por más de 24 horas y suspende garantías como la libertad de asociación y reunión , y el derecho a la libre circulación " , señaló la diputada Doris Gutiérrez del partido Unificación Democrática ( izquierda ) .
Marcia Villeda , del partido Liberal , señaló que la iniciativa presentada por el presidente interino Roberto Micheletti " es básicamente una restricción parcial , que estará vigente junto al toque de queda " .
El acuerdo del Congreso fue avalado por aclamación y suspende la libertad de asociación y de circulación , entre otras , dijo a periodistas el diputado Rolando Dubón , del oficialista Partido Liberal .
El toque de queda es de 10 de la noche a cinco de la mañana .
" No se trata de un estado de estado de excepción ni de un estado de sitio " , aseguró Dubón .
" Esto se hace por el riesgo que existe porque se sospecha que hay muchas personas de otros países en Honduras y se teme que puedan estar intentado acciones contra la ciudadanía y el nuevo gobierno " , añadió , aunque no dio más detalles sobre la supuesta presencia de extranjeros .
Añadió que están exceptuados de la suspensión de garantías las ambulancias , los bomberos , las patrullas y vehículos que transportan combustibles y los diarios locales .
Tampoco hay restricciones para los medios de comunicación , aseguró .
El toque de queda está previsto que al menos hasta el viernes se aplique de las 10 de la noche a las 5 de la mañana .
El gobierno desafió el miércoles el ultimátum de la OEA de restituir al depuesto presidente Manuel Zelaya , mientras los hondure ños divididos volvieron a tomar las calles tanto para apoyar al mandatario designado Roberto Micheletti como para exigir el regreso del gobernante derrocado .
Unas horas después de que la OEA pusiera un plazo de tres días para que se restituya en el poder a Zelaya , el gobierno de Micheletti advirtió que no admite intervenciones externas , al tiempo que iniciaba esfuerzos para acercarse a la comunidad internacional y convencerla de que no se han violentado las leyes .
" No estamos dispuestos a restituirlo , porque él ha cometido delitos " , declaró el miércoles a la radio colombiana La FM .
" Esperamos la comprensión y la rectificación de estos países que realmente sólo han escuchado una parte del problema " , señaló .
Micheletti había asegurado que una misión hondure ña ya estaba en Washington " para presentar la verdad de lo que sucedió en el país " , aunque posteriormente su canciller Enrique Ortez Colindres dijo a la AP que no había ningún grupo en la capital estadounidense pero que el embajador hondureño en Estados Unidos Roberto Flores había sido convocado para consultas .
Flores , designado por el gobierno de Zelaya , retornó el miércoles a Tegucigalpa y reconoció como legítimas a las nuevas autoridades .
" Yo reconozco a la cancillería y a las autoridades que están en este momento tomando decisiones en este país " , dijo el diplomático a periodistas a su llegada al aeropuerto .
Zelaya , depuesto el domingo por las fuerzas armadas , postergó para el sábado sus intenciones de retornar el jueves a Tegucigalpa acompañado de algunos mandatarios latinoamericanos , a fin de dar tiempo a las gestiones diplomáticas de la OEA .
En el primer comunicado desde el derrocamiento de Zelaya , las fuerzas armadas justificaron su acción del domingo alegando que se limitaron " únicamente al cumplimiento de una orden judicial emitida por un juzgado competente .
" En ningún momento sus acciones han constituido o constituirán una suplantación de los poderes del Estado legalmente establecido , ni de ninguna otra institución estatal " , según el pronunciamiento castrense .
Las manifestaciones a favor de uno y otro gobierno resurgieron el miércoles , al tiempo que el fiscal general adjunto , Roy Urtecho , anunció que la policía emitió una " alerta migratoria " con la que esperan que Zelaya sea " capturado en cualquier país donde se encuentre y traído a Honduras para ser juzgado " .
BERLIN  Germany is renowned for fighting inflation , but the battle extends beyond money and into the realm of names .
In a split decision on Tuesday , the German Constitutional Court upheld a ban on married people combining already - hyphenated names , forbidding last names of three parts or more .
It was not the first time the court was forced to weigh in on the subject of names , which are regulated start to finish , fore to family , here in Germany .
This time , it was a Munich couple who decided to challenge the constitutionality of a 1993 rule limiting the names of married people to a single hyphen and two last names .
Frieda Rosemarie
Thalheim , a Munich dentist , wanted to take the last name of her husband , Hans Peter Kunz - Hallstein , to become Frieda Rosemarie Thalheim - Kunz - Hallstein .
The case brought Germany ’s minister of justice before the court in Karlsruhe for oral arguments in February to defend the ban on what the Germans call “ chain names . ”
By a vote of five to three , the court refused to budge , ruling that ballooning names “ would quickly lose the effectiveness of their identifying purpose , ” and declined to overturn the law on the grounds that it infringed on personal expression .
SAN DIEGO -- Every morning , this city wakes up to 1994 .
Every morning , a sports page arrives with a box score , a name and a " What 's going on here ? "
Baseball 's had far bigger stories this year -- from A - Rod to Manny to Sosa -- but lost in all the urinalysis is a tale of déjà vu : the reincarnation of Tony Gwynn .
People out here are flat - out stumped .
Just this month , a flustered man scoured a box score , called a Southern California talk radio show and asked , " Hey , when did Tony Gwynn un-retire ?
I see he played for the San Diego Padres last night . ''
It is baseball 's Rubik 's Cube moment .
It is a Turn Back The Clock Night -- taken too far .
The fact is , every day in the National League West , someone named Tony Gwynn is impersonating Tony Gwynn and getting away with it .
His name is the same , his inside - out swing is the same , his voice is the same and , give or take a few singles , his batting average is the same .
" Every time he 's announced and you see him running to the outfield , it 's almost like ' Field of Dreams , ' " says a giddy Kevin Towers , the Padres ' general manager .
It 's a phenomenon at 40 days , and counting , and if people are still wondering how a second Tony Gwynn appeared out of thin air , here 's the answer :
He did n't .
Seventeen years ago , in Poway , Calif. , 20 - some miles north of Petco Park , a child named Anthony Keith Gwynn Jr. stepped into a Little League batter 's box -- to try a legacy on for size .
The crowd was tiny that day , mostly moms , dads and sisters , but the first comment rang hard in the ears of Anthony 's mother :
" Hey , do what your dad does ! "
When he grounded out , the next comment rang harder :
" Your dad did n't do it like that ! "
And when he later struck out , the next comment rang hardest :
" Your dad did n't strike out ! "
Alicia Gwynn , one game into Anthony Gwynn Jr.'s baseball career , had already had enough .
" I turned around , " she recalls , " and I said , ' Excuse me , he 's not his dad , OK ?
He 's Junior , so Junior will not be like dad .
There is one Tony Gwynn . '
It would make me emotional .
I 'd say , ' Leave my son alone , OK , and let him play ball .
Let him enjoy and have fun . '
I literally stopped coming to the games .
I thought there was too much pressure . "
So this is where the journey started , a journey that is all about one name and two men .
Tony Gwynn -- the father , the Hall of Famer and the 20 - year Padre -- has 3,141 hits , eight batting titles , five Gold Gloves , a career .338 average and one sensitive son .
He was never going to point the kid in the direction of a batting cage , never going to ask him to be another him .
That 's why -- from birth through Little League through high school -- Tony Gwynn had another name for his son : Anthony .
A very special Father 's Day : Little T , left , gets a hug from Big T , who threw out the first pitch .
AP Photo / Denis Poroy
Others called him Little Tony or Little T , and in the kid 's early , early years -- ages 4 to 10 -- he appeared to embrace everything baseball and Gwynn .
He would continually eyeball his father , who , at the time , was perhaps the most obsessed ballplayer of any generation .
Tony Sr. could tell you who he doubled against on April 19 , 1985 ( two against Bobby Castillo ) .
Big T recorded every at - bat , took some tapes from his video library on the road and analyzed his swing until the sun came up .
He would go 3 - for - 4 and claim he was " scuffling . "
He swore home runs corrupted his swing , because he'd struggle afterward to keep his greedy hands back .
He made the term " 5.5 hole ' ' a household word in San Diego , because , seven out of 10 times , that 's where he'd slap the ball : between short ( " 6 " in your scorebook ) and third ( " 5 " ) .
Young Anthony would sneak into his dad 's video library , and play back all the stellar at - bats .
He 'd study them repeatedly , to the point he knew the announcers ' calls verbatim .
Then , Alicia would find him on his father 's batting tee , regurgitating the calls of Padres broadcasters Jerry Coleman or Ted Leitner : " Another double by Tooooonyyyyy Gwynn ! "
But Little League changed everything for the sensitive son .
He 'd never seen a real fastball before , and when he whiffed at six batting practice pitches in a row , his coach yelped , " You have work to do to be like your father . "
The kid was 9 ; it killed him .
The sport felt exclusively his dad's .
It felt borrowed .
He told his mother he was " reluctant " to do what his dad did .
Told her , " They 're just going to say I 'm here because of him . "
By middle school , Anthony says he " did n't want to play baseball anymore " and became a full - time point guard in basketball .
His father had played the point , too -- was actually drafted out of San Diego State by the then - San Diego Clippers and the Padres on the same day .
But at least the Tony Gwynn basketball legacy was manageable .
Little T played the AAU circuit , started for his high school hoops team .
Family members say he could dish as well as his dad , and shoot better , too .
But every summer , he 'd still hang in the Padres ' clubhouse .
Every year , he 'd still shag flies with Trevor Hoffman , spit sunflower seeds in the dugout .
He had to stop lying to himself ; he kind of liked the damn game .
By 11th grade , he began feverishly playing baseball again , batting .400 and chasing down every ball in the outfield .
But his dad had a request for the newspapers :
" Call him Anthony . "
Two years later , in 2001 , get a load of where the kid was standing : in Tony Gwynn Stadium .
Out of high school , he 'd been all set to attend Cal State Fullerton , but his heart was still at home -- with his entire family and support system .
At the time , he was n't ready to be Tony Gwynn 's baseball - playing son , not all on his own , anyway .
So instead of running away from the name , he ran 100 mph toward it -- straight to his father 's alma mater , San Diego State , where the field was named after you know who .
If that was n't eerie enough , guess who became the Aztecs ' head baseball coach the following season , in 2002 ?
Big T .
It meant Anthony Gwynn was playing for Tony Gwynn at Tony Gwynn Stadium , and if all eyes were n't on him before , they were piercing him by then .
No one knew how he'd fare .
In his debut game as a freshman , the season before his dad became head coach , he'd been announced as " Tony Gwynn Jr. " -- and had played horribly .
The coach at the time , Jim Dietz , told him , " I think it 's best if we go back to Anthony , " and when his dad took over , it was definitely going to be Anthony .
It was just a nervous time .
Moments before his first game under his father , the kid remembers feeling paralyzed .
He remembers running to center field , seeing his dad 's name on a stanchion and nearly tipping over .
" But when I turned around to face home plate , I was OK , " he says .
Those three seasons at San Diego State seemed to teach Anthony he could thrive -- even with his old man pacing away in the dugout .
He batted .318 as a freshman , .339 as a sophomore , .359 as a junior , and had a certain team down Interstate 8 foaming at the mouth .
The Padres wanted the kid .
They could n't justify taking him in the first round of the 2003 draft , but they decided the second round was the absolute right spot .
First of all , the goodwill in town would be off the charts , and the organization needed more speed in its farm system .
The team was all set to select him with the 41st overall pick when the Milwaukee Brewers took him at No. 39 .
" We thought we were going to get him , " Towers says .
" I was kind of -- I 'm not going to say ticked -- but I remember saying , ' We 're going to take some heat on this one .
We 're going to get crushed by the media .
We lost out on a Gwynn ? ' "
Like it or not , Anthony was finally leaving home , and he assured a concerned Alicia -- who could n't handle the Little League catcalls -- that he would n't cave under the expectations .
" You know what , Mom ? " he said before leaving for the airport .
" I really , truly have embraced this , because I 'm really proud of what dad did , and I know these are his accomplishments .
I 'm walking his path , but I 'll create my own accomplishments . "
Alicia beamed : " That 's right .
That 's right .
You do you .
Do n't do your dad .
Do you . "
Imagine her surprise when he came back three years later with a strange new name : Tony Gwynn Jr .
Sept. 29 , 2007 , in Milwaukee : Tony Gwynn helped spoil the Padres ' season with his ninth - inning triple against Trevor Hoffman .
AP Photo / Morry Gash
Maybe his first mistake was ordering his father 's tiny , 30 ½ - ounce bats .
Maybe his second mistake was getting his first big league hit on July 19 , 2006 , 24 years to the day after Big T got his first .
Both were doubles .
Both were screaming line drives .
It was borderline bizarre .
So , naturally , his friends in the Brewers organization -- Prince Fielder and Rickie Weeks among them -- began calling him Tony Jr. The radio and P.A. announcers piggybacked on it , too .
He did n't mind .
Nobody was paying attention nationally , anyway .
" Watching Ken Griffey Jr. play , I 'd always imagined being Tony Gwynn Jr. , " he says .
" I mean , that 's how I always wanted my name to be announced , anyway . "
But then , on the next to last day of the 2007 season , the hometown Padres came to Miller Park with a magic number of one .
San Diego led 3 - 2 in the bottom of the ninth , and all that stood between San Diego and its third straight postseason appearance was someone calling himself Tony Gwynn Jr . ?
Facing his Uncle Trevor with two outs , two strikes and a man on base -- the same Uncle Trevor who was baseball 's all - time saves leader -- Little T ripped a triple down the first - base line on a pitch down at his shins .
His father , Mr. Padre , leaped in the air .
Every other Padre , including owner and family friend John Moores , slumped in their chairs .
TV cameras caught Moores ' wife , Becky , saying " s---. "
It was too cruel : a Gwynn ripping the Padres ' hearts out .
A Gwynn emasculating Trevor , of all people .
A Gwynn ultimately costing the Padres a playoff berth .
But as the kid stood on third base , dusting himself off , a chill came over Alicia Gwynn .
" I said , ' This is vintage Tony Gwynn , ' " she remembers .
" It was so eerie when I looked at that hit .
The pitch was out of the strike zone , but he put it where he put it .
" That 's when I saw the first sign .
That 's when I said , " Hmmmmm . ' "
How did the Brewers repay Little T in 2008 ?
They tried to replace him .
First , they signed Mike Cameron , even though Cameron had to serve a 30 - day suspension to start the season .
And when Little T went down with a hamstring injury ( after beginning the season 4 - for - 7 ) , they fell in love with another center fielder , Gabe Kapler .
The timing could n't have been worse .
Little T had finally mastered the art of hitting the ball where it was pitched -- the core belief of his dad .
He 'd keep his hands back .
If they pitched him inside , he 'd pull it ; if they pitched him away , he 'd aim for the 5.5 hole .
It was simple .
But then , it was n't .
When he returned from the injury , with Cameron and Kapler hitting for power , Little T sensed the Brewers preferred players with pop in their bats .
His strength was putting the ball in play on offense and running everything down on defense .
He could steal bases .
He was perfect for , say , cavernous Petco Park , but maybe not compact Miller Park .
He felt an inherent pressure to do more , to hit more doubles , more gappers .
And even though he had zero career home runs , he felt going deep once or twice would n't hurt , either .
But all that did was play with his mind , and his fundamentals .
He could n't keep his hands back .
He was given only 49 big league plate appearances the entire year , batting a career low .190 , and spent most of the season ( 93 games ) in Triple - A Nashville .
When the Brewers hired a relative stranger , Ken Macha , as their new manager , it only worsened .
Former manager Ned Yost appreciated the kid , but Macha favored the long ball and was n't sure he wanted a punch - and - judy backup outfielder .
And when Little T had a sore throwing shoulder in spring training , it was obviously over .
Out of minor league options , he was waived on the eve of the 2009 season .
Surely , someone would claim him .
Washington , Seattle and San Diego had the first three cracks at him -- because they had the three worst records from 2008 -- but all three passed .
It was stunning .
Seattle 's general manager , Jack Zduriencik , had drafted him in Milwaukee , and the Padres had known him since he was a tyke .
But they still did n't bite .
The Padres , for instance , were concerned about his shoulder , did n't like that he was out of options and did n't want to tinker with their 40 - man roster .
Every other team in baseball felt the same way .
So Little T cleared waivers , and was rewarded back to the Brewers .
" I could n't believe the Pads did n't claim him , '' Tony Gwynn Sr. says .
" I was shocked .
He fit perfect in this ballpark .
He plays defense , he can run .
The whole thing , a no-brainer .
But when they did n't claim him , I was like , ' It 's a conspiracy .
What the hell ?
What 's going on ? ' "
Little T was stung .
He told Alicia , " Maybe I 'm not that good .
Maybe I should n't play this game . "
She did n't like it .
A former track star herself at San Diego State , she cracked , " Oh really ?
You 're going to let these things trick you ?
After all this hard work , you 're going to let it stop you ? "
Before he could nod his head , she said , " Little Tony , when you learn to do you , you 'll be fine .
Do you .
Be you .
If you 're a punch - and - judy hitter and punch - and - judy gets you to the big leagues , then be one .
Your dad always did what he could do -- no more , no less .
Your mechanics are horrible right now .
Get back to what you were taught .
You 're out of whack .
Be you .
Do you . "
So back he went to Nashville , the Brewers ' Triple - A affiliate .
Back he went carrying a Tony Gwynn signature bat .
There 's no place like home : Little T , after almost six years in the Brewers organization , returned to San Diego on May 21 .
AP Photo / Lenny Ignelzi
The Padres were watching .
One of their scouts happened to be a Gwynn -- not Tony , but Tony 's younger brother , Chris -- and Chris says they wanted to know if Little T's shoulder , bat and psyche were recovering at Triple - A .
Kevin Towers had long admired the kid and had tried to trade for him as far back as the 2007 regular season .
Back then , Towers had been negotiating a deal to send pitcher Scott Linebrink to Milwaukee , and when he asked the Brewers about Little T , they called him untouchable .
But he was touchable now , and Towers knew , whenever the timing was right , he could try again .
In 38 games this season for Nashville , Little T batted .309 , scored 34 runs and showed up early every day for extra hitting .
Big T commended him for not moping , for going about his business professionally .
He was clearly back to being his father 's son ; it 's just that no one knew it yet .
The Padres , at the time , seemed more preoccupied with trading pitcher Jake Peavy , to slash their payroll , and on May 20 , thought they 'd consummated a deal sending Peavy to the White Sox .
But Peavy vetoed the trade the next day , leaving the team looking to cut costs elsewhere .
So the time was now .
Towers offered outfielder Jody Gerut and his $ 1.775 million salary to Milwaukee for 26 - year - old Little T and his half a mil .
And when the Brewers said yes , on the same day as Peavy 's veto , owner John Moores called Alicia with the news .
Her caller ID showed a blocked number , so she almost did n't answer .
But she picked up the phone and heard a man quickly say , " Alicia , your son 's coming home . "
" Who is this ? "
" This is John . "
" John who ? "
" John Moores .
Your son 's coming home . "
" Thank you !
Thank you !
Thank you ! "
Soon , she was in tears and unable to speak .
Moores told her he would leave her alone , and that 's when she hung up and dialed Big T , who was in Fort Worth , Texas , about to coach San Diego State in the Mountain West tournament .
" Your son 's been traded , " she told him .
" To who ? "
" The Padres . "
" Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! "
She says she 'd never heard him that emotional , that " the way he yelled , if he could , his head would 've hit the ceiling . "
She told him Little T did n't know yet , that they should let the Brewers tell him .
Big T said , " Uh , you think I 'm going to sit on this ? "
So Big T found Little T in his Portland , Ore. , hotel room -- where he'd just flown in from Nashville .
" Hey , Anthony , how you doing ? "
" I 'm fine , Dad , how are you ? "
" Good .
Anybody talked to you today ?
Anybody say anything to you ? "
" Why ? "
" Because you 've been traded . "
" To who ? "
" To the Padreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeees ! "
The kid was on a flight to San Diego in 100 minutes .
The Padres were playing the Giants that night , so time was of the essence .
Alicia picked Little T up at the airport a little more than an hour before first pitch , leant him his dad 's Mercedes - Benz and said she 'd see him after the game .
" Wait a minute , " he told her .
" I do n't know how to get to Petco Park . "
" Go downtown , " she told him .
" You 'll see it .
Then , turn on Tony Gwynn Way . "
Right then , the pressure should have kicked in .
He'd be playing in the House That Tony Gwynn Built .
There 'd be a Tony Gwynn statue behind center field .
There 'd be Tony 's retired No. 19 on top of center field .
There 'd be fans wearing Tony Gwynn 's jersey , expecting a Tony Gwynn performance .
" Hey , do what your dad does ! "
This had never been done before , nowhere else in baseball , not in 138 years of the major leagues .
No Hall of Famer 's son -- with the same name -- had ended up playing for the same team .
Not Mickey Mantle Jr. , not Roberto Clemente Jr. , not anyone .
Hall of Famer Yogi Berra had a son play for the Yankees , but it was Dale Berra , not Yogi Jr. People talk about Bobby and Barry Bonds playing for the Giants , and Ken Griffey Sr. and Jr. playing for the Mariners and Reds .
But those dads were n't Hall of Famers , and their kids were better , their kids were prodigies .
The only thing comparable was Pete Rose Jr. playing 11 September games for Big Pete 's Reds in 1997 .
But they were token appearances , all for show .
This was real , and how Little T held it together on May 21 is inconceivable .
" I had flown about 12 hours in two days , and I think it helped me with my nerves , " Little T says .
" I was so jet - lagged , I did n't have any nerves . "
When he and Towers spoke on the phone earlier that day , the GM 's first question was , " You think Pops will let you break 19 out of retirement and wear it ? "
And Little T answered , " I 'm not going there .
That jersey belongs where it is right now .
I 'm not 19 . "
Instead , they gave him jersey No. 18 -- 19 minus 1 . " They picked it for me , " Little T says .
He did n't mind ; he was just glad to be there .
And when the Padres asked him how he'd like to be announced , he did n't flinch .
Tony Gwynn , he told them .
No Junior .
Just Tony Gwynn .
A name does n't make a ballplayer or maybe it does .
When Little T lost his " Junior , '' he gained a mindset .
When he learned to do Tony -- Big Tony -- he gained a game plan .
He may not have been wearing 19 in his Padres debut , but he thought 19 .
The idea was to be patient at the plate , stay back and hit it where it was pitched .
Easier said than done , but easier to him than most .
In his first at - bat on May 21 , he pinch - hit in the bottom of the ninth with the Padres trailing 2 - 1 and a man on first .
The P.A. announcer said , " Now batting Tony Gwynn ' ' -- and seemingly everyone in the stadium stood up , except for Alicia .
" I 'm his mom ; he needs to stand up for me , " she says , laughing .
The ovation lasted about 20 seconds , and about 180 seconds later , Little T was on first base after a five - pitch walk .
He had shown poise against Giants closer Brian Wilson , had taken several borderline pitches .
Big T called Alicia 's cell phone from Fort Worth complaining he could n't queue up the broadcast online , and Alicia told him , " Well , he 's standing on first base right now . "
Before long , he was scoring the winning run on a Scott Hairston base hit .
Big T was dying to see this in person .
When he returned , he and Alicia drove to Petco and sat in the box of Moores ' now ex-wife , Becky .
And when Little T singled , Big T shouted , " That 's my boy ! "
" Are you for real ? " Alicia asked .
" That 's my boy , " Big T said .
The same game , Little T was thrown out trying to steal third with two outs , a bonehead play .
" That 's still my boy ! " Big T shouted .
He was even more animated watching at home , living and dying on every at - bat .
That first week , Alicia heard him yell at the TV set :
" What are you swinging at that pitch for ? "
" Ah , he 's trying to pull it ! "
" Look at him .
He 's pull - happy .
Booty in the dugout . "
Big T wanted him thinking 5.5 hole , or the equivalent , and he began taping his son's at - bats the same way he used to tape his own .
Not that he would hammer Little T with advice -- in fact , he'd wait for Little T to ask him -- but he wanted to be prepared if needed .
" Why you watching your at - bats again ? " Alicia said to Big T one day , walking into his video room .
" It 's not me , it 's your son , " Big T told her .
" Oh my Gawd , that swing looks just like you ! " she said .
The fact was , the younger Gwynn was on a roll all by his lonesome .
Manager Bud Black made him his permanent leadoff man / center fielder on May 30 , and by June 9 , the kid was batting a season - high .352 .
It got to the point that opposing scouts were high - fiving Chris Gwynn , and the surprise was that Little T was so breezy dealing with the pressure .
" Before , he was always stressed in his face , " Alicia says .
" But it 's like the weight of the world is off of him now . "
Says Little T : " Huge relief -- because it 's home .
It 's a comfort level I 've never experienced playing baseball .
The people here have seen me grow up .
I do n't have any pressure to show them anything different . "
He invited Big T to the Petco clubhouse , a place his dad had purposely tried to avoid .
He asked him to come to his locker and the batting cage , and it dawned on Big T " that I was following him around the way he used to follow me .
Then he cuts out to go to the field , and he 's talking to the fans .
They say , ' Hey , hey , hey , ' and he 's saying , ' I gotta go to work now , do n't have time now .
But I 'll get you later . '
And I 'm just following him around like a little kid .
It was hilarious . "
To Big T , these were the greatest moment of his baseball life .
Better than 3,000 hits .
Better than the World Series homer at Yankee Stadium .
Better than the Hall of Fame .
So he asked his son for a No. 18 jersey .
Next came the hard part -- staying over .300 .
As Padres fans began to pore over the box scores , began getting accustomed to seeing .330 next to another Gwynn , the expectations rose incrementally .
Towers scoffed at that and said , " He 's one of these guys realistically that would have to really fall flat on his face .
I mean , it 's a Gwynn .
He 's not an easy guy , once he 's a Padre , to kick out the door .
I mean , we knew taking him on , this is probably not a short - term commitment .
It 's a long - term commitment .
And I was certainly willing to roll the dice .
I 've always been a huge believer in blood lines . "
But the truth was , this was a career .237 big league hitter , who had never played regularly in the big leagues .
In his longest major league stretches in Milwaukee , he 'd mostly platooned .
He would have to adjust , to avoid a flame - out , and Big T knew it .
In Anaheim on June 13 , on a night Big T was in the broadcast booth doing Padres TV , Angels starter Joe Saunders struck Little T out with inside heat and then got him to hook a ball harmlessly to first .
It took all of Big T's willpower not to say , " Quit trying to pull this guy " into the microphone .
But in Little T's third at - bat , he carved a ball to left - center for a triple , and Big T could be heard , on air , saying , " Take that ! "
Little T began inviting his father down to watch batting practice almost every day at Petco , and it helped the kid stay in a groove .
In fact , just this past Friday in Texas , entering play on June 26 , his average was still .333 .
And then something big happened : Little T's first big league home run .
What a box score .
With Scott Hairston off the disabled list , Little T had shifted over to right field that night , his father 's position , and then he'd led off the game by pulling a ball over the right - field fence .
San Diegans saw " Gwynn , RF '' in the paper the next morning and felt tingles .
But one person was fretting , and that person was Big T .
His son had gone 0 - for - 4 after the home run that night , and home runs used to ruin Big T , too .
He'd get greedy , he would n't stay back , he 'd go into slumps .
Now it was happening to his own kid .
By June 27 , Little T's mini-slump was 1 - for - 9 , his batting average down to .321 .
By June 28 , it was 1 - for - 13 , his batting average down to .310 .
By June 29 , it was 1 - for - 17 , his batting average down to .300 .
Damn those home runs .
They spoke on the phone , and Big T was ready for him .
He 'd taped the Texas at - bats , was willing to study them until the sun came up .
They 'd get in the cage soon at Petco ; it was no problem .
If anyone can correct a swing , and quick , it 's Tony Gwynn and Tony Gwynn .
Tom Friend is a senior writer for ESPN.com and ESPN The Magazine .
Andrew Poole said there was a barbecue to celebrate his birthday Action to prevent an " illegal rave " in Devon last week has been defended by police , despite claims the event was merely an organised birthday barbecue .
Locals feared a rave was to take place at Sowton , near Exeter , on Saturday and called the police , who closed the event down .
A force helicopter was deployed .
Andrew Poole , who was celebrating his 30th birthday , claimed police riot vans turned up before any music was played .
But police said it had been advertised on the internet as an all - night party .
Mr Poole , a coach driver from Sowton , said 15 family and friends had come to the event , where they were watched by a police helicopter for about 15 minutes .
What effectively the police did was come in and stop 15 people eating burgers
Andrew Poole
He said before they had turned on the music , four police cars and a riot van arrived and demanded the barbecue was shut down and everyone leave .
The event was closed down under section 63 of the Criminal justice and Public Order Act 1994 .
" We were nowhere near anyone , we were n't even playing any music , " he said .
" What effectively the police did was come in and stop 15 people eating burgers . "
Devon and Cornwall police said the helicopter flew over the site as it returned from another task .
' Appropriate steps '
A police spokeswoman said the helicopter was deployed for less than 20 minutes at a cost of about £ 200 .
" The decision to close down a rave or illegal music festival is not taken lightly , " a police spokeswoman said .
" On this occasion , we were extremely concerned how the event had been advertised on the internet as an all - night party and it was therefore necessary to take the appropriate steps .
" Had it gone ahead , it is likely that far more of our resources would have been used to police the event and there would have been considerable disruption to neighbouring properties .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
During yesterday ’s unveiling of Kaka , Real Madrid sporting director , Jorge Valdano , was questioned about the possibility of the Madrid club splurging for another big name this summer , after being linked with Franck Ribery and Karim Benzema , amongst others .
“ We do not discard the possibility that in the next few hours , something could happen , ” Valdano stated to a packed press room .
It looks like he was n’t kidding .
Just a few weeks removed from the announcement of Madrid ’s swoop for Kaka and Cristiano Ronaldo , the La Liga club is once again back in the headlines , splashing the cash and signing up another massive name for next season .
That massive name is , of course , Lyon striker Karim Benzema .
Benzema , who was n’t keen on a summer move until recently , gave his seal of approval to the transfer this afternoon in a move that ’s rumoured to be worth £ 30 m ( the fee could rise to £ 35.2 m ) .
Lyon were adamant that the striker would only be leaving this summer if a “ crazy offer ” came their way .
It only took Real Madrid a couple of days to come up with the funds for such an offer .
“ We needed to make a quick decision and we decided to let Karim go where he wanted , ” Lyon coach Claude Puel told reporters .
“ It ’s an important decision for him with a year to go before the World Cup , ” Puel added .
“ We are losing a high quality player and we know how much Lyon owe him but he needed a new challenge and he is , I believe , strong enough to face it . ”
The addition of another offensive threat means Real Madrid are officially the new Galáctico’s .
There is still the rumour floating around that Madrid will take Ribery off the market in the coming weeks to end what would be considered the most unbelievable summer haul is football history .
You could almost debate it ’s the greatest in sports history even without the addition of Ribery .
The move also has implications for other clubs , most notably Manchester United , who were still chasing the striker for his signature this week .
Benzema ’s move now means Sir Alex Ferguson will have to look elsewhere for a young star to fill the void left by Ronaldo and Tevez .
College grads dwindling in state , study says HIGHER EDUCATION
Even though the economy has taken a nose dive and job hunters are out in force , researchers say that by 2025 California will be starved for college - educated workers to fill available jobs .
In fact , the state will need about a million more college - educated workers than it 's expected to have - a shortage that will lead to a lower standard of living in California and more people needing social services , according to a new report by the Public Policy Institute of California .
The report predicts that 41 percent of workers will need a college diploma ( 4 in 10 jobs will require one ) , but only 35 percent of working - age adults will have the necessary degree .
" We know the demand for college graduates will go up , and if we do n't improve educational outcomes , we 'll have an economy that produces less income , and a population that will require more social services , " said Hans Johnson , a senior fellow at the Public Policy Institute who co-wrote " Closing the Gap : Meeting California 's Need for College Graduates . "
The problem is that well - educated Baby Boomers ( those born between 1946 and 1964 ) will be retiring over the next two decades , say the researchers .
Expected to take their places in increasingly complex jobs will be younger , less - educated workers .
The researchers urged state lawmakers and California colleges to take steps to encourage more students to attend college and graduate .
Right now , they say , too few students attend , much less earn a diploma , from California colleges .
California ranks 18th among the 20 largest states for high school graduates who enroll in college , they found .
( New York is first . )
And only about half of incoming freshmen at its public colleges graduate within six years , Johnson said .
California 's public colleges award about 110,000 diplomas per year , and private schools about 40,000 , says the report .
To meet the demand by 2025 , the colleges need to graduate almost 60,000 more students annually .
" This is a daunting task , of course , and in the near term very unlikely to be achieved , " the report says .
And current budget shortfalls across higher education make it even more unlikely that graduation rates will rise any time soon .
But Johnson identified some solutions he called " low - hanging fruit " :
--
Make it easier for students to transfer from community colleges to four - year colleges by aligning courses among the three systems .
More than 70 percent of community college students do n't bother transferring to a four - year school .
-- Design programs at California State University campuses and the University of California system to help students stay in school .
--
In 1960 , when just 10 percent of the workforce had a college degree , California 's Master Plan for Higher Education was " forward - thinking " because it allowed one - third of high - school graduates to be eligible for UC or CSU .
It should now be updated so that more high school graduates are eligible for enrollment .
" It 's going to happen .
Out of crisis comes opportunity , " said state Sen. Gloria Romero ( D - Los Angeles ) , who chairs the Senate Education Committee .
Romero said she agrees with the report and intends to focus on course alignment and reinvigorating the Master Plan .
" We are not going to race to the top if we do n't produce the graduates in a new economy that demands degrees . "
Geographers from Kansas State University have mapped the seven deadly sins using various statistical data by county .
Lust , for example , was calculated using the number of reported STDs per capita ( red is above average , blue below ) :
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
The ‘ JewelEye ' Piercing Will Pimp your Sclera
For those people who live on the very edge of the body mod subculture , tattoos and body piercings , however edgy , may become passe sometime soon .
For the hard core crowd , therefore , eye jewelry may become the next frontier in cosmetic body modification .
Since 2004 , eye surgeons at the Netherlands Institute for Innovative Ocular Surgery have been implanting a tiny pieces of jewelry called a “ JewelEye ” under the surfaces of eyes .
The procedure involves inserting a 3.5 mm ( 0.13 inch ) wide piece of specially developed jewelry ( the range includes a glittering half - moon or heart ) into the eye ’s sclera .
The implant is made of platinum and it can be molded in all kinds of desired shapes and sizes .
Check out the video to see how the scary procedure is done .
Be warned that the video is very graphic .
Jon Miller , former AOL boss , is now heading up all digital initiatives at Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp .
Only weeks after that announcement , Miller has already started making waves by suggesting Hulu might add or move to a paid subscription model .
Miller 's musings are more than simply speculative , since he will have a seat on Hulu 's board ( the Fox television network , a unit of News Corp. , is part of the Hulu joint venture ) .
News Corp. has an affinity for subscription revenue models on the Web ; where most papers and online news sources are ad- supported , News Corp . 's Wall Street Journal continues to see success even with much of its content behind a paywall .
The current Hulu model is a boon for users — watch high - quality content on demand with only a single advertisement per commercial break — but total revenues are still miniscule compared to traditional TV advertising .
The ad downturn has n't helped , either ; most regular Hulu users are accustomed to seeing the ( many ) ads for charities that Hulu apparently slots into its rotation when it can't sell out its ad inventory .
So , if users love the product but advertisers do n't want to pay , one obvious approach is just to charge the users .
Hulu 's rapid growth has made it one of the top five online destinations for video in the US , but that growth rate has leveled off sharply .
Throwing up paywalls or other subscription - based access controls ( get Hulu free with your WSJ subscription , for instance , or pay $ 20 for access to a full season of House ) would certainly put a further crimp in growth at a time when services like Hulu are still mysteries to large parts of the American TV - watching public .
It is likely to have the additional effect of sending some Hulu users in search of free conent on BitTorrent trackers and the like .
Still , when you can't sell out your ad inventory , having more eyeballs is n't directly profitable .
According to Daily Finance , which covered Miller 's conference speech , his interest is in finding creative ways to bundle News Corp. content with other offerings to create a compelling package that people will pay for .
" I think what works for consumers most likely — and this has to be tested , frankly — is bundles , " he said .
" I think you have to figure out what are the right bundles that people buy and what 's contained in that bundle .
For example , you could have — and I 'm making this up entirely — you could have a New York bundle , and that could consist of various papers or publications that are relevant to the audience in New York , and you could make that all , potentially , a bundle to a consumer at one price . "
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Top of the 1st , Wu - Tang batting , tied 0 - 0 , Springsteen facing 1 - 2- 3 SCR OUT ROB PT Batter Play Detail O --- 3 U God Groundout SS - 1B R --- 6 Killa Home Run to CF 1-- 5 GZA Single to RF O -2 - 3 Raekwon Groundout 1B - P O -2- 4
Method K swinging 1 run , 2 hits , 0 errors , 1 LOB .
WTC 1 ESB 0 ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Bottom of the 1st , E Street batting , behind 1 - 0 , RZA facing 1 - 2 - 3 SCR OUT ROB PT Batter Play Detail O --- 4 Lofgren Fly ball to CF O --- 3 Van Zandt Groundout 3B - 1B O --- 2 Weinberg Lineout CF 0 run , 0 hits , 0 errors , 0 LOB .
WTC 1 ESB 0 ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Top of the 2nd , Wu- Tang batting , ahead 1 - 0 , Springsteen facing 6 - 7- 8 SCR OUT ROB PT Batter Play Detail --- 7 ODB BB 1-- 4 Deck Single to SS O 12 - 4 Killah K swinging OO 12 - 5 RZA Double play 2B - SS - 1B 0 run , 1 hits , 0 errors , 1 LOB .
WTC 1 ESB 0 ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Bottom of the 2nd , E Street batting , behind 1 - 0 , RZA facing 4 - 5 - 6 SCR OUT ROB PT Batter Play Detail O --- 3 Clemons
Fly ball to RF O --- 4 Tallent Groundout SS - 1B O --- 5 Bittan K looking 0 run , 0 hits , 0 errors , 0 LOB .
WTC 1 ESB 0 ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Top of the 3rd , Wu - Tang batting , ahead 1 - 0 , Springsteen facing 1 - 2 - 3 SCR OUT ROB PT Batter Play Detail --- 2 U - God Single to RF 1-- Killa U - God steals 2B O -2- 7 " K swinging O -2 - 5 GZA K swinging O - 2 - 4 Raekwon Groundout SS - P 0 run , 1 hits , 0 errors , 1 LOB .
WTC 1 ESB 0 ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Bottom of the 3rd , E Street batting , behind 1 - 0 , RZA facing 7 - 8- 9 SCR OUT ROB PT Batter Play Detail O --- 4 Federici K swinging O --- 4 Scialfa Popfly SS O --- 5 Sp'steen
Fly ball to CF 0 run , 0 hits , 0 errors , 0 LOB .
WTC 1 ESB 0 ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Top of the 4th , Wu - Tang batting , ahead 1 - 0 , Springsteen facing 5 - 6 - 7 SCR OUT ROB PT Batter Play Detail --- 5 Method Double to LF R -2- 2 ODB Single to CF , Method Man scores OO 1-- 4 Deck Double play 3B - 2B - 1B O --- 3 Killah
Fly ball to CF 1 run , 2 hits , 0 errors , 0 LOB .
WTC 2 ESB 0 ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Bottom of the 4th , E Street batting , behind 2 - 0 , RZA facing 1 - 2 - 3 SCR OUT ROB PT Batter Play Detail O --- 4 Lofgren KO O --- 5 Van Zandt Groundout SS - 1B O --- 3 Weinberg Groundout 3B - 1B 0 run , 0 hits , 0 errors , 0 LOB .
WTC 2 ESB 0 ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Top of the 5th , Wu - Tang batting , ahead 2 - 0 , Springsteen facing 9 - 1 - 2 SCR OUT ROB PT Batter Play Detail O --- 5 RZA K looking O --- 4 U - God Flyball to RF O --- 5 Killa Groundout 1B - P 0 run , 0 hits , 0 errors , 0 LOB .
WTC 2 ESB 0 ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Bottom of the 5th , E Street batting , behind 2 - 0 , RZA facing 4 - 5 - 6 SCR OUT ROB PT Batter Play Detail R --- 4 Clemons Home Run to LF O --- 5 Tallent Groundout SS - 1B O --- 6 Bittan Groundout SS - 1B --- 4 Federici Single to CF O 1-- 5 Scialfa Groundout 1B unassisted 1 run , 2 hits , 0 errors , 1 LOB .
WTC 2 ESB 1 ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Top of the 6th , Wu - Tang batting , ahead 2 - 1 , Springsteen facing 3 - 4 - 5 SCR OUT ROB PT Batter Play Detail O --- 5 GZA Groundout 2B - 1B O --- 2 Raekwon Lineout CF --- 8 Method Single to SS O 1-- 4 ODB Groundout 1B - P 0 run , 1 hits , 0 errors , 1 LOB .
WTC 2 ESB 1 ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Bottom of the 6th , E Street batting , behind 2 - 1 , RZA facing 9 - 1 - 2 SCR OUT ROB PT Batter Play Detail O --- 3 Sp'steen Groundout 2B - 1B --- 4 Lofgren Single to LF O 1-- 4 Van Zandt Doubleplay SS - 2B - 1B O 1-- 5 Weinberg K swinging 0 run , 1 hits , 0 errors , 1 LOB .
WTC 2 ESB 1 ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Top of the 7th , Wu - Tang batting , ahead 2 - 1 , Springsteen facing 7 - 8- 9 SCR OUT ROB PT Batter Play Detail O --- 1 Deck Flyball to CF --- 6 Killah BB O 1-- 4 RZA Groundout 1B unassisted O 1-- 5 U - God Groundout 2B - 1B 0 run , 0 hits , 0 errors , 1 LOB .
WTC 2 ESB 1 ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Bottom of the 7th , E Street batting , behind 2 - 1 , RZA facing 4 - 5 - 6 SCR OUT ROB PT Batter Play Detail O --- 4 Clemons K swinging O --- 2 Tallent Lineout RF --- 4 Bittan Reached on E9 ( dropped catch ) 1-- 6 Federici BB 12 - 3 Scialfa Single to SS RR 123 5 Sp'steen Single to RF , Bittan and Federici score O 12 - 4 Lofgren Groundout SS - 1B 2 run , 2 hits , 1 errors , 2 LOB .
WTC 2 ESB 3 ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Top of the 8th , Wu - Tang batting , behind 3 - 2 , Springsteen facing 2 - 3 - 4 SCR OUT ROB PT Batter Play Detail --- 4 Killa Single to CF 1-- GZA Killa steals 2B O -2- 7 " Groundout 3B - 1B - 2 - 5 Raekwon BB R 12 - 1 Method Single to LF , Killa scores OO 12 - 3 ODB Doubleplay SS - 2B - 1B 1 run , 2 hits , 0 errors , 2 LOB .
WTC 3 ESB 3 ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Bottom of the 8th , E Street batting , tied 3 - 3 , RZA facing 2 - 3 - 4 SCR OUT ROB PT Batter Play Detail --- 4 Van Zandt Double to RF O -2 - 5 Weinberg Groundout 1B unassisted , Van Zandt to 3B O -- 3 3 Clemons Popfly SS O --3 5
Tallent K swinging 0 run , 1 hits , 0 errors , 1 LOB .
WTC 3 ESB 3 ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Top of the 9th , Wu - Tang batting , tied 3 - 3 , Springsteen facing 7 - 8- 9 SCR OUT ROB PT Batter Play Detail --- 6 Deck BB 1-- 2 Killah Single to CF O 12 - 5 RZA K swinging 123 3 U - God Single to LF R 123 4 Killa BB , Deck scores O 123 6 GZA Popfly 3B O 123 3 Raekwon Flyout CF 1 run , 2 hits , 0 errors , 3 LOB .
WTC 4 ESB 3 ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Bottom of the 9th , E Street batting , behind 4 - 3 , RZA facing 6 - 7- 8 SCR OUT ROB PT Batter Play Detail O --- 2 Bittan Lineout CF --- 7 Federici Single to RF O 1-- 4 Sciafla Groundout 3B - 1B , Federici to 2B O -2 - 5 Sp'steen Groundout 2B - 1B 0 run , 1 hits , 0 errors , 3 LOB .
WTC 4 ESB 3 ------------------------------------------------------------------------
What if everyone could make videogames ?
Recently I 've been playing some very interesting games from some very interesting places .
First was an Iranian game , where I tried to rescue Iranian nuclear scientists from American forces .
Second was a Kenyan game where I searched the countryside for ancient African artifacts , while avoiding hostile tribesmen .
And just a few days ago I played a Lebanese game where I was an officer trying to prevent Israeli forces from crossing the border into Lebanon .
None of these games have hit the shelves in the U.S. , nor should you expect them to , unfortunately .
But each of them taught me things about the people who made them , the cultures in which those people live and the concerns people have there .
That was n't necessarily these games ' intent , but it was an interesting side effect .
People in the game industry have been arguing for years :
Are videogames art ?
We each have our own belief on that .
But less arguable is that videogames are media .
Games express messages and have the unique ability to inform and educate people in an interactive , engaging and entertaining way .
How can we make their development and distribution simpler for everyone so that expression can come from more diverse sources ?
***
When I was young , my brother and I made up games to play with our plastic army men .
Later , we moved on to electronic games with more rigid rules , like Electronic Quarterback , Quiz Wiz and Dark Tower .
Eventually , we both discovered computers and fell in love with creating our own games .
I remember spending many evenings in the back room at the elementary school , typing in long listings from Compute !
magazine in order to compile my own games .
Then , saving the programs to tape , I would come back the next day and tweak the program to try to " change the rules " so I could win or find out why I could n't get past a certain challenge in the game .
These games framed my childhood , and as I grew older my dabbling with computer games grew , and so did the game industry itself .
What has changed is the complexity of our games .
As computing power has grown and the videogame industry has matured , we 've moved from simple videogames of " Eat all the pellets " and " Destroy all the aliens " to games that tell detailed stories , that immerse the player in a complex world and ask them to make challenging moral and ethical decisions , decisions that impact the story .
The messages these games offer vary broadly .
Games like Brain Age and Jam Sessions encourage us to challenge ourselves , learn skills and exercise our brains .
Games like Full Spectrum Warrior and Call of Duty focus on good vs. evil , but the focus is more on the action and less on the back - story .
An increasing number of games have deliberate messages , like Starbucks ' Planet Green game , which is an environmental statement , or Veggie Games ' Steer Madness , which encourages veganism .
Games like Food Force , The Howard Dean for Iowa Game , Darfur is Dying and September 12th all have very deliberate messages .
