GENEVA , Switzerland —
The Baha'i International Community today categorically rejected new allegations by the Iranian government that arms and ammunition were found in the homes of Baha 'is who were arrested in Tehran last Sunday .
" This is nothing less than a blatant lie , " said Diane Ala'i , the Baha'i International Community 's representative to the United Nations in Geneva .
" Baha 'is are by the most basic principles of their faith committed to absolute nonviolence , and any charge that there might have been weapons or ' live rounds ' in their homes is simply and completely unbelievable .
" Without doubt , these are baseless fabrications devised by the government to further create an atmosphere of prejudice and hatred against the Iranian Baha 'i community .
For more than a century Baha 'is have suffered all manner of persecution in Iran and have not resorted to armed violence , and everyone knows this .
Unfortunately , the Iranian government is once again resorting to outright falsehoods to justify its nefarious intentions against the Baha 'i community .
It should know that these lies will have no credibility whatsoever .
" We are particularly concerned by the fact that these accusations come just days before the scheduled trial of seven Baha 'i leaders , who have been locked up for nearly two years on equally unfounded charges , " she said .
" All of these latest accusations are so far - fetched as to be ludicrous if they were not so obviously aimed at putting innocent lives at risk , " she said .
" As we have said before , rather than accepting responsibility for the turmoil in the country , the Iranian government seeks to lay the blame on others , including foreign powers , international organizations and media outlets , students , women , and terrorists . "
On Friday , several news agencies reported that Tehran 's general prosecutor , Abbas Jafari Dolatabadi , said the Baha 'is who were arrested on Sunday " were arrested because they played a role in organizing the Ashura protests and namely for having sent abroad pictures of the unrest . "
" They were not arrested because they are Baha'is , " said Mr. Dolatabadi , according to Agence France Presse .
" Arms and ammunition were seized in the homes of some of them . "
Ms. Ala'i also rejected Mr. Dolatabadi's assertions that Baha 'is were involved in the planning of the Ashura demonstrations , or in any violent or subversive activity related to the recent turmoil in Iran .
" For the past 30 years , Iranian Baha 'is have been subjected to the worst forms of persecution , ranging from arbitrary execution to the exclusion of their children from school , " said Ms. Ala'i .
" Yet they have responded only through means that are peaceful and legal . "
Seven Baha 'is leaders are scheduled to go on trial on Tuesday on trumped - up charges of espionage , " insulting religious sanctities , " and " propaganda " against the government .
They have been held in Evin prison since mid-2008 .
The seven are Mrs. Fariba Kamalabadi , Mr. Jamaloddin Khanjani , Mr. Afif Naeimi , Mr. Saeid Rezaie , Mrs. Mahvash Sabet , Mr. Behrouz Tavakkoli , and Mr. Vahid Tizfahm .
On Sunday , 13 Baha 'is were arrested in early morning raids on their homes in Tehran .
Three have been released but 10 remain detained at Evin prison .
They are : Leva Khanjani , granddaughter of Jamaloddin Khanjani , and her husband , Babak Mobasher ; Jinous Sobhani , former secretary of Mrs. Shirin Ebadi , and her husband Artin Ghazanfari ; Mehran Rowhani and Farid Rowhani , who are brothers ; Payam Fanaian ; Nikav Hoveydaie ; and Ebrahim Shadmehr and his son , Zavosh Shadmehr .
Jeff Stockwell will adapt author Madeleine L’Engle ’s classic time - travel novel , “ A Wrinkle in Time , ” for Cary Granat and his new Bedrock Studios .
The 1962 Newbery Medal - winning sci- fi novel is described as follows :
Meg Murry , her little brother Charles Wallace , and their mother are having a midnight snack on a dark and stormy night when an unearthly stranger appears at their door .
She claims to have been blown off course , and goes on to tell them that there is such a thing as a “ tesseract , ” which , if you did n’t know , is a wrinkle in time .
Meg ’s father had been experimenting with time - travel when he suddenly disappeared .
Will Meg , Charles Wallace , and their friend Calvin outwit the forces of evil as they search through space for their father ?
Stockwell ’s credits include The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys and Terabithia .
He also has adaptations of Kiki ’s Delivery Service and The Miraculous Journey of Edward Tulane in the works and wrote the original screenplay Our Wild Life to be directed by Walter Salles .
The United States House of Representatives on Sunday night passed Senate Democrats ’ health care reform legislation by a vote of 219 to 212 .
Not a single Republican voted for the bill , and they were joined by 34 Democrats in opposing it .
Rep. James Clyburn ( D - SC ) , introducing the House speaker moments before balloting , called the health reform legislation “ the civil rights act of the 21st century . ”
When the votes crossed the 215 threshold , House Democrats erupted into a chant of “ Yes we can , ” echoing one of President Obama ’s campaign slogans .
ADVERTISEMENT
The bill now moves to President Obama ’s desk , where he is expected to sign it into law sometime this week .
The U.S. Senate will also be pursuing a series of legislative “ fixes ” to the reforms , with Democratic leadership aiming for a vote this weekend .
An earlier report on the House debate follows .
####
US President Barack Obama ’s historic drive to extend health insurance to nearly all Americans stood Sunday on the cusp of passage through the House of Representatives after an 11th - hour deal .
After days of hard - fought negotiations , Obama pledged to sign an executive order reaffirming a longstanding US ban on government funding for abortions , winning support for the bill from a group of conservative Democratic holdouts .
“ I ’ve always supported health care reform , ” said the group ’s leader , Democratic Representative Bart Stupak , flanked by other anti-abortion lawmakers .
“ This bill is going to go through . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The breakthrough made it all but certain that Obama ’s Democratic allies had locked down the 216 votes needed to ensure passage of the sweeping legislation over united Republican opposition in a ballot expected late in the day .
“ We ’re well past 216 , ” boasted Stupak , who spoke to reporters moments after White House communications director Dan Pfeiffer said Obama would decree that “ restrictions against the public funding of abortions cannot be circumvented . ”
Obama ’s plan , a compromise between rival House and Senate versions of the bill passed last year , would bring the world ’s richest country closer than ever in its history to guaranteeing health care coverage to all its citizens .
ADVERTISEMENT
Using a blend of expanded government health programs and subsidies for millions to buy private insurance , the bill would add some 32 million Americans to the ranks of those covered for a total of 95 percent of Americans .
The White House said Obama planned to make a televised statement after the House vote , on which he has staked his effectiveness and political legacy .
ADVERTISEMENT
Frustrated Republicans , united in opposition to the bill , said they would keep up the fight against the measure , which would usher in the most sweeping overhaul of its kind in four decades .
Republicans assailed the proposal in often bitter debate on the floor of the House and took turns encouraging hundreds of protestors outside the Capitol , holding up signs that read “ Kill The Bill ” and loudly chanting that slogan .
“ In November , we ’ll remember , ” the demonstrators chanted , a reference to mid-term elections to decide control of the Congress .
ADVERTISEMENT
Inside , Republican Representative Paul Ryan leveled angry charges that the legislation would crush the free market in the heavy hand of government while raising taxes and creating a bevy of inefficient agencies .
“ This bill is a fiscal Frankenstein , ” he said .
“ It ’s not too late to get it right , let ’s start over , let ’s defeat this bill . ”
Republicans also vowed to keep up the fight in the Senate — the next battleground — and repeal the broadly unpopular bill if they win back majorities in November .
The Democratic plan called for the House to approve the Senate version of the legislation , sending it to Obama to sign into law , then pass a package of “ fixes ” to make it more like the House - passed health care bill .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Senate would then take up the changes and approve them separately , under rules that prevent Republicans from using a parliamentary tactic , the filibuster , to indefinitely delay and therefore kill the measure .
Senate Republicans plan to besiege the legislation with “ hundreds of amendments , ” to “ highlight what is in the bill that is bad , ” one of their leaders , John Cornyn , told Fox News .
Cornyn acknowledged that Vice President Joe Biden , the Senate ’s presiding officer , could declare the amendments to be purely delaying tactics and call a vote on the legislation .
“ I guarantee it will happen on television … for 300 million people to see and I think there will be a terrible price to be paid for this sort of defying public opinion , ” said Cornyn .
ADVERTISEMENT
Recent public opinion polls have painted a confusing picture , with respondents expressing strong support for individual elements of the bill , but with large numbers saying they oppose the overall measure .
Democrats have highlighted the independent Congressional Budget Office ’s estimate that the bill would cost 940 billion dollars over the next 10 years , while cutting 143 billion dollars from the bloated US deficit through 2019 and 1.2 trillion over the following decade .
The House vote on what Obama has called “ the toughest insurance reforms in history ” would come a century after president Theodore Roosevelt called for a national approach to US health care .
Before the final showdown , Democrats won a series of procedural votes by margins of 228-195 , 230-200 , 228-202 , and passed a “ rule ” governing the debate in a 224-206 vote .
With AFP .
Stephen C. Webster contributed to this report .
About the photos :
* Taken with a Sony DSC - H50 ( fixed lens , not an SLR )
* The 84 photos were selected from about 1100 photos I took during this trip
* Some photos were processed using Paint Shop Pro Photo X2 and Nik Color Efex Pro 3
If you enjoyed these photos , the fun continues at http://bjornfree.com/galleries.html
( Where you can also download my travel book , One for the Road , for free ! )
CBS is prepared to sell some of its shows through iTunes for 99 cents , though which shows and how many episodes of each is yet to be determined , according to reports .
The Financial Times quoted CBS CEO Les Moonves as confirming the price , though another CBS source said no deal was imminent .
The move is a continuing progression of television content moving online , whether through live streaming , free portals such as Hulu and a la carte pricing .
CBS already has joined in the TV Everywhere initiative , with its core network and several other channels , including The CW and Showtime , working with cable companies to put their content online free to paid subscribers of cable provider Comcast and others .
It also joined in the AT&T Entertainment effort , which allows users to view content from a variety of networks for free - and you do n't have to be an AT&T customer to access the site .
The pending agreement with iTunes could come in time for the launch of the iPad , whose 4:3 aspect ratio perfect for standard - def television viewing .
Shows in high definition , which are broadcast in a 16:9 aspect ratio would show those pesky black bars across the top of the screen above and below the video .
No date has been announced for the iPad 's official launch , though Apple 's website says they should be available in " late March .
" There 's no word whether the shows sold through iTunes would also be allowed to carry ads .
Networks had been fighting the 99 cent price , saying it was too low , but if they can carry advertising , that may make it more palatable .
To this point , the biggest source of legal online network content so far has been Hulu .com , which allows a certain number of ad breaks varying in length throughout each broadcast .
Of course , NBC Universal is one of the major partners in Hulu , and Comcast has made a successful bid for the entertainment giant - though regulators have yet to rule on the legality of that deal .
Count the iTunes 99 cent purchase price as the latest effort by traditional television content providers to figure out how to make money on this here Internet thingy .
Melted snow can show up a drugs farm - or poor insulation
Snow melting prematurely on a roof could be a clue that the house is being used as a cannabis factory , police say .
Officers in Leicestershire are asking residents to look out for homes where roof - top snow has melted more quickly than on neighbouring buildings .
They said cannabis factories were equipped with high - level lighting , which generates a lot of heat , causing snow and ice to melt .
The force said it hoped to use the cold weather to find more factories .
Drug find arrests
On Wednesday officers discovered more than 100 plants at a house in John Nicholls Street , Hinckley .
They found a further 200 at Hinckley Road , Leicester Forest East , on the same day .
One man has been arrested in connection with the find at Leicester Forest East , and remains in custody pending further police inquiries .
No arrests have been made in connection with the other find , but police say inquiries are continuing .
Sgt Mel Thomas said : " This is another clue that members of the public should be aware of .
" If the snow has melted from a neighbour 's house when everywhere else still has a covering , it could indicate that the house is being used for growing cannabis . "
The frigid gusting wind on Manhattan ’s west side did nothing to discourage an art - hungry crowd from attending Saturday evening ’s Kris Kuksi and Pat Rocha openings at Joshua Liner Gallery .
As mentioned in our preview , Kuksi ’s work really needs to been seen in person to be believed .
Each piece is obsessively constructed of hundreds upon hundreds of individual parts to form a frightening yet beautiful world of men and monsters .
And with some works measuring over 10 feet in length , one could spend hours and hours pouring over every detail , trying to understand the stories and symbols of each sculpture .
Rocha :
Kuksi :
We Recommend :
BrewDog said Sink the Bismarck would be sold online
A controversial Scottish brewery has said it has reclaimed the title of the world 's strongest beer from German rivals - with Sink the Bismarck at 41 % .
BrewDog , of Fraserburgh , made headlines last year when it unveiled a 32 % beer called Tactical Nuclear Penguin .
However , Schorschbrau released the 40 % strength Schorschbock .
BrewDog said its newly released 41 % , Sink the Bismarck , would cost £ 40 for a 330 ml bottle and would only be sold online .
Alcohol Focus Scotland had previously expressed concerns about BrewDog 's approach .
Alcohol Focus Scotland chief executive Jack Law said : " Over the past few months BrewDog have continued to produce stronger and stronger beers .
" By commenting on this irresponsible brewing practice we only serve to add to their marketing and therefore we have no further comment to make . "
But BrewDog 's managing director James
Watt said the company was doing all it could to promote a new and responsible approach to beer drinking .
He added : " Beer has a terrible reputation in Britain , it 's ignorant to assume that a beer can't be enjoyed responsibly like a nice dram or a glass of fine wine .
A beer like Sink the Bismarck should be enjoyed in spirit - sized measures . "
BrewDog was previously branded irresponsible for an 18.2 % beer called Tokyo , which it then followed with a low alcohol beer called Nanny State , then Tactical Nuclear Penguin .
Submitted by cotto on Tue , 03/16/2010 - 17:23
" I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas .
I 'm frightened of the old ones . ”
- John Cage
On behalf of the Parrot team , I 'm proud to announce Parrot 2.2.0
" Like Clockwork . "
Parrot ( http://parrot.org/) is a virtual machine aimed
at running all dynamic languages .
Parrot 2.2.0 is available on Parrot 's FTP site , or follow the
download instructions at http://parrot.org/download.
For those who would like to develop on Parrot , or help develop Parrot itself , we recommend using Subversion on the source code repository to get the latest and best Parrot code .
Parrot 2.2.0
News :
- Core changes
+ Most internal allocations now use the GC
+ RNG non-randomness fixes
+ Elimination of much dead code
- API changes
+ PMCs can now be initialized from an int
+ Many legacy ops are removed
- Platforms
+ Sun cc and Intel icc support have been restored
+ Compiler invocation no longer goes through a Perl script
- Tools
+ NCI thunks are now generated by self - hosted PIR code
Many thanks to all our contributors for making this possible , and our sponsors
for supporting this project .
Our next scheduled release is 20 April 2010 .
Enjoy !
NASA has responded to a 2 year old FOIA request
These were released as a result of the FOIA request put in by Chris Horner as described on WUWT :
http://wattsupwiththat.com/2010/02/17/after-two-years-of-stonewalling-nasa-giss-foia-files-are-now-online/
It comes in four parts from this URL as pdf docs :
http://www.nasa.gov/centers/goddard/business/foia/GISS.html
Part one is :
http://www.nasa.gov/centers/goddard/pdf/415776main_NASA%20GISS%20Temperature%20Data%20(Part%201%20of%203).pdf
Part two :
http://www.nasa.gov/centers/goddard/pdf/415777main_NASA%20GISS%20Temperature%20Data%20(Part%202%20of%203).pdf
Part Three :
http://www.nasa.gov/centers/goddard/pdf/415778main_NASA%20GISS%20Temperature%20Data%20(Part%203%20of%203).pdf
Part Four :
http://www.nasa.gov/centers/goddard/pdf/417760main_part4.pdf
A scanned in OCR ’d a searchable set is at :
http://www.neutralpedia.com/wiki/NASA_FOIA_Emails
An Example
Subject : Re : Your Reply to : GISS Temperature Correction Problem ?
From : Gavin Schmidt gschmidt@giss.nasa.gov
Date : 19 Feb 2008 14:38:47 - 0500
To : rruedy@giss.nasa.gov
I had a look at the data , and this whole business seems to be related to the infilling of seasonal and annual means .
There is no evidence for any step change in any of the individual months .
The only anomalous point ( which matches nearby deltas ) is for Set 2005 .
Given the large amount of missing data in lampasas this gets propagated to the annual ( D - N ) mean – I think – with a little more weight then in the nearby stations .
The other factor might be that lampasas is overall cooling , if we use climatology to infill in recent years , that might give a warm bias .
But I ’m not sure on how the filling - in happens .
Gavin
So as I read this , the folks at NASA responsible for GIStemp are saying that large data dropouts ( i.e. Zombie Stations for a while or Dropouts for longer periods ) “ gets propagated ” to the means ( and thus the map products ) and that if “ we use climatology ” ( i.e. the way GIS uses the relationships between areas ‘ climatology ’ as it calculates ‘ offsets ’ – that ’s the jargon for their process ) that might “ give a warm bias ” .
Gee .
Maybe I do n’t need to convince them that missing data can lead to climatology based infill giving a warming bias .
Maybe I only need to get them to ADMIT it publicly …
Oh , wait , this FOIA email looks like it does that …
Though I ’m sure we will get quibbling about it being only one swallow and not a whole spring …
And this one admires the way that you can make up yearly data with just a collection of months data … and that it might have issues .
But he ’s “ pretty sure ” it is “ just a fluke ” … unless , of course , you have a constantly shrinking number of thermometers with ever more gaps in the data to be “ made up ” from ever less real data …
But including one month of dropped data would “ only ” drop the temperature by 0.4 C for the annual mean of the cell in question …
Subject : Re : [ Fwd : Re : Your Reply to : GISS Temperature Correction Problem ? ]
From : Gavin Schmidt
Date : 20 Feb 2008 15:01:26 - 0500
To : rruedy
That works .
That implies that the missing months are assumed to have the same mean anomaly as the other two months , and that the missing seasons are assumed to have the same mean anomaly as the seasons present .
Hence , one strong anomaly in a couple of months ( ie. Sept and Nov 2005 ) can have a large impact on the annual mean .
I ’m pretty sure that the Lampasas spike is just a fluke of the annual average construction .
There are only eight months – of which only 7 are used to calculate the annual mean .
The missing month ( May ) has the smallest anomaly , and so including it would bring down the annual mean by about 0.4 deg C .
There may be some improvements that could be made here .
i.e. annual means could use as many months as there are available ( rather than just whether the seasons are available ) , and it should be made clearer that this is a Dec - Nov mean , not the calendar year mean , Somewhere it should also be stated that the seas / ann values in the printout and figures are not used in the gridded data .
Thanks
Gavin
Curves like these inspire poetry .
The 1948 Buick Streamliner by Norman E. Timbs is a muse in the world of classic cars , an automobile from a time when curvy was most desirable in the eyes of men .
Looking at a car like this makes one lament the slim , simple direction human attraction has gone , when the cars and cover girls leave plenty to be desired in the most important aesthetic quality – shape .
This classic Buick Streamliner is in pristine condition , restored by Dave Crouse for the 2010 Concours d’Elegance .
Its original construction took over two years , built with an aluminum body around a steel chassis .
Not only is it unlikely you ’ll ever see this beauty on the road , it ’s likely that you ’ll never see it on the auction block .
A car like this is far too rare , too beautiful that any owner could ever want to pass it up– no matter the price . [ via supercars.net ]
1948 Buick Streamliner Gallery
GeoIPgen is a country to IP addresses generator .
Download geoipgen-0.4.tar.gz
Latest Version 0.4 , 7th March 2009
License BSD
Author Andrew Horton aka urbanadventurer
⚠️ GeoIPgen version 0.4 is not currently working .
The project requires an update since the GeoLite Legacy MaxMind database that GeoIPGen relies on was discontinued by MaxMind on January 2 , 2019 .
If you installed GeoIPgen before this time you can continue to use GeoIPgen and will be unaffected except that you will be unable to update the database .
Introduction
GeoIPgen is a country - to - IPs generator .
It ’s a geographic IP generator for IP v4 networks that uses the MaxMind GeoLite Country database .
This is useful for enabling the accurate targeting of Internet scanning to the allocated IP v4 address space of one or more countries .
Geoipgen is the first published software that uses a geographic ip database in reverse to translate from country - to - IPs instead of the usual use of IP - to - country to produce the complete set of IP addresses for a country .
Previously software has generated IP address ranges so that entire countries can be blocked by a firewall and the technique used by geoipgen has been discussed before by the GNUcitizen researchers .
Video Tutorial
Vivek Ramachandran from Security Tube has made an excellent video tutorial for geoipgen titled Geo Targeting Cyber Attacks using IP Addresses .
Usage
./geoipgen -h Usage : ./ geoipgen [ OPTION ] … [ COUNTRYCODE ] … Version 0.4 by Andrew Horton aka urbanadventurer , MorningStar Security Homepage : http://www.morningstarsecurity.com/research/geoipgen
GeoIPgen is a country - to - IPs generator .
It ’s a geographic IP generator for IP v4 networks that uses the MaxMind GeoLite Country database .
Features : Random or sorted order , unique or repeating IPs , skips broadcast addresses , one , many or all countries .
Target : COUNTRYCODE
One or more country codes , delimited by spaces Use ‘ all ’ to target all country codes .
Use -l to see a list .
-n NUM Exits after NUM IPs have been generated Unique or repeating : -u , –unique Return each IP in the countries once only ( default ) –repeat IPs can repeat with random order Order : -s , –sorted Order is sorted , ascending –random Order is random ( default ) Other : -h , –help
This message -l , –list - countries List countries and their country codes -c DIRECTORY Location of GeoIPCountryWhois.csv database Default locations : ./, /home/user/.geoipgen/ , /usr/local / share / -V , –version Print version information .
This version is 0.4 Example Usage :
How to generate random IPs for the whole world , enumerating each IP once only .
* geoipgen all Find out how many IPs are allocated to Israel * geoipgen –sorted il | wc -l How to generate all IPs for New Zealand * geoipgen nz How to generate all IPs for New Zealand and Australia * geoipgen nz au How to generate 10000 IPs in Far East Asia * geoipgen -n 10000 cn hk mn tw mo jp kr kp How to continually generate IPs for the United States , with repeats * geoipgen –repeat us
Installation
See the INSTALL file
How to reverse resolve a country
This can aid in testing the accuracy of the MaxMind location data by finding IP address blocks potentially attributed to the wrong country .
For example , an IP address block could be attributed to New Zealand by Maxmind ’s database but when each IP is resolved is found to have many hostnames ending in .sk indicates the ip block belongs to Slovakia and MaxMind has misattributed the location data .
For fast DNS resolution , use an asynchronous resolver like adns .
How to install GNU adns
Download and follow instructions from http://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~ian/adns/
or use apt - get on Debian or Ubuntu Linux .
sudo apt - get install libadns1 - bin
Pipe IPs to adnsresfilter and only output resolved IPs
. / geoipgen nz | adnsresfilter - w - a | egrep “ \[.*\ ] ” broadband - telecom.global-gateway.net.nz [125.238.151.47 ] 161-65-114-241.ip.fx.net.nz [ 161.65.114.241 ] c0.d0.33.static.xlhost.com [209.51.208.192 ] 203-114-177-78.dsl.sta.inspire.net.nz [203.114.177.78 ] ds7a04.cc.waikato.ac.nz [130.217.64.150 ]
Credits
Geoipgen is authored by Andrew Horton ( urbanadventurer ) andrew [ at ] morningstarsecurity.com .
Thanks to MaxMind for making their GeoLite Country database freely available .
Security was increased in Thailand ahead of the court 's verdict Thailand 's Supreme Court has ruled that former PM Thaksin Shinawatra 's family should be stripped of more than half a contested $ 2.3 bn fortune .
The court said $ 1.4bn ( £ 910 m ) of the assets were gained illegally through conflict of interest when Mr Thaksin was prime minister .
The funds were frozen after Mr Thaksin 's elected government was overthrown in a military coup in 2006 .
Mr Thaksin , who is living abroad , has denied any wrongdoing .
The Supreme Court said " to seize all the money would be unfair since some of it was made before Thaksin became prime minister " .
ANALYSIS By Vaudine England , BBC News , Bangkok
By choosing to confiscate some , but not all of Mr Thaksin 's known assets , the court has managed to dampen arguments from his " red shirt " supporters that the entire judiciary is suborned to a military - bureaucratic elite which intends to finish off Mr Thaksin once and for all .
But it will also weaken the government 's demonisation of Mr Thaksin .
It appears to be saying that the former prime minister did cheat on the hiding and increase of his fortune , but he was significantly and legitimately wealthy when he entered office .
He remains a rich man by any standards .
What this verdict will not do is heal the divisions in this country , polarised by Mr Thaksin 's hugely popular appeal and the threat this poses to the military - bureaucratic elite .
The 2006 coup that deposed him continues to damage the legitimacy of the current military - backed government of Abhisit Vejajjiva - this basic issue also goes well beyond one man and his money .
Ruling unlikely to heal divide
The court took several hours to deliver its verdict , with security forces on high alert amid government predictions of violence by Mr Thaksin 's red-shirted supporters if the court decision went against him .
The judges said that Mr Thaksin shaped government mobile phone and satellite communications policy to benefit his firms .
He abused his power to benefit telecoms company Shin Corp , which he owned then , earning wealth from shares sales in the company through " inappropriate means " , they ruled .
The sale of Shin Corp to Singapore state investment firm Temasek in January 2006 was one of the main catalysts for widespread protests calling for Mr Thaksin to resign , and the government applied for the seizure of the proceeds from the sale .
The court dismissed defence arguments that the anti-corruption commission that instigated the proceedings against Mr Thaksin was illegitimate .
Mr Thaksin addressed his supporters from Dubai after the verdict .
" This is total political involvement .
The government knew the result in advance , " he said , according to Associated Press .
" I 've been prepared for the result since yesterday .
I knew that I would get hit , but they are kind enough to give me back 30 billion [ baht ] . "
He had previously told them he would continue his political fight against the " military - bureaucratic elite " that deposed him - with or without his family fortune .
He has said the money he and his family earned was acquired legally .
The full extent of fortune is unknown , but he is thought to be very wealthy .
Tensions in Thailand remain high .
Tens of thousands of extra police have been placed in and around the capital , and in areas of the north - east of the country where some of Mr Thaksin 's supporters are based .
THAKSIN TIMELINE 2001 : Elected prime minister 19 Sept 2006 : Ousted in military coup 25 Sept 2006 : Corruption investigation begins 11 June 2007 : Thaksin family assets frozen 25 Aug 2008 : Prosecutors ask Supreme Court to seize frozen assets 21 Oct 2008 : Sentenced in absentia to two years for conflict of interest in land deal 26 Feb 2010 : Court seizes $ 1.4bn of $ 2.3bn in contested assets
Coup rumours circle ruling Profile : Thaksin Shinawatra
There were only small numbers of Thaksin supporters outside the court .
The pro-Thaksin United Front for Democracy against Dictatorship ( UDD ) , which leads the red shirts , has said it has no plans for any demonstration until mid-March .
Local media had predicted huge disruption , counting down to what they called " judgement day " .
The judges looked at whether Mr Thaksin illegally deposited his fortune with family members because he was not allowed to hold company shares while prime minister , and whether his administration implemented policies to benefit his family 's businesses .
They have also considered whether telecoms liberalisation measures unfairly benefited the country 's main mobile phone service provider , then controlled by Mr Thaksin 's family .
And they have investigated whether he unfairly promoted a $ 127 m low - interest loan to neighbouring Burma to benefit a satellite communications company also controlled by his family .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The World from Berlin ' Europeans Should n't Be Pointing Their Fingers at Washington '
EADS and its American partner Northrop Grumman have abandoned their joint bid for a $ 35 billion contract to build tanker jets for the US military , citing unfair competition as their reason for withdrawing .
German commentators on Wednesday sense more than a whiff of hypocrisy from European governments .
Are you a student ?
Want to contribute to an Open Source project and get paid for that ?
Apply to Google Summer of Code 2010 to work on gevent .
The Stackless Python ’s ideas page for GSoC 2010 includes a gevent - related project .
The proposed idea is to enhance gevent ’s core to
support Stackless
Python in addition to greenlet support non-libevent event loops
Stackless Python is an enhanced version of Python with microthreads built - in as well as other interesting features , like microthread pickling and thread - safe channels .
The core function is similar to greenlet , which is a switching functionality from Stackless packaged as CPython extension .
Other features of Stackless are not present in greenlet which is why it is desirable to port gevent to Stackless .
There are open source implementations of synchronous I/O for Stackless but they are not as comprehensive as gevent ’s , which implements a compatible subset of the standard library and provides a way to patch the blocking functions in place .
Successfully undertaking this project would require deep understanding of Stackless API and gevent internals as well as having a good sense of design to keep things simple while making them more general .
Read the project description on the stackless website .
Feel free to ask about this project on the gevent mailing list .
Marcia Linn , a University of California , Berkeley , professor of education known for exploring the teaching and learning of science and their connection to gender , is offering proof once again that girls ’ math abilities are just as good as boys ’ .
But Linn and her fellow researchers note in their global study , reported in the latest issue of American Psychological Association ’s Psychological Bulletin , that while there are only small differences , on average , between girls ’ and boys ’ math abilities , the gaps vary widely from country to country .
For girls to perform as well as boys on math tests , the researchers found that they need equal access to education , encouragement to do well in math and female role models in math - oriented careers .
The study was funded by the National Science Foundation .
It looked at results released in 2003 of two key math tests — one focusing on basic math knowledge and the other on students ’ ability to use math skills in the real world — that were administered to nearly half a million boys and girls between the ages of 14 and 16 in 69 countries .
The tests were the Trends in International Mathematics and Science Study and the Programme for International Student Assessment .
Working with Nicole Else - Quest , a psychology professor at Villanova University in Pennsylvania , and Janet Shibley Hyde at the University of Wisconsin , Madison , Linn found that nations with more women in scientific research show smaller gender differences in findings of self - confidence , valuing math , motivation , math anxiety , and related issues .
Linn says math success depends on a complex array of social , economic , and personal factors , and that the study reveals clear benefits of equitable access to education and to careers requiring mathematics .
It also shows a need for country - and curriculum - specific research to develop policies that promote equity in educational achievement and careers , she says .
Linn notes that , despite similar performances by boys and girls on tests of mathematical reasoning , in most countries boys are more self - confident than girls about their math skills .
This finding aligns , she says , with stereotypes of female inferiority in mathematics and could account for the disparities in participation in mathematics and science careers .
Linn says she is surprised that there were no overall differences between boys ’ and girls ’ performance on geometry problems .
She speculates that the trend towards smaller gender differences in spatial reasoning “ may be due in part to greater access to graphing calculators , computer games and other visualizations of spatial relationships . ”
The full report is online at the American Psychological Association ’s Web site .
Linn directs one of the 13 National Science Foundation - funded Technology - enhanced Learning in Science centers , and it is based at UC Berkeley ’s Graduate School of Education .
She is the author of several books on science education .
By Billy Wharton , co-chair Socialist Party USA
March 16 , 2010 -- Today marks the anniversary of the tragic death of International Solidarity Movement ( ISM ) activist Rachel Corrie .
On March 16 , 2003 , Corrie was killed by an Israeli Defence Force ( IDF ) bulldozer while non-violently resisting the destruction of a Palestinian home .
Her death came to symbolise the daily violence faced by Palestinians in the occupied territories as well as the spirit of international solidarity that democratic socialists throughout the world draw political strength from .
Rachel Corrie was so moved by the struggle of the Palestinian freedom struggle that she took leave from Evergreen State College and joined the ISM in Palestine .
After spending a few weeks in the Gaza Strip , Corrie described the Palestinians as “ surrounded by murderous towers , tanks , armed ‘ settlements ’ and now a giant metal wall ” .
House demolitions and military incursions by the IDF intensified throughout early 2003 .
ISM activists and their Palestinian counterparts countered this repression with daily acts of heroic non-violent direct action by placing their bodies in front of bulldozers and heavily armed military units .
On March 16 , 2003 , acting under the pretense of eliminating guerilla hideouts and smuggling tunnels , the IDF attempted to destroy the house of Palestinian pharmacist Samir Nasrallah .
Rachel Corrie , along with several other ISM activists , formed a human shield in front of the house .
Witnesses from the ISM , in a report compiled by the Palestinian Centre for Human Rights , testified that the IDF bulldozer driver could clearly see Corrie , who was dressed in the standard ISM fluorescent vest , yet proceeded to crush her to death with the blade of the bulldozer .
Corrie ’s death became an international news event that helped to shed more light on the daily brutality of the Israeli occupation of Palestine .
Many more Palestinians have died since 2003 .
Most perish in anonymity – nameless and faceless victims of a never - ending cycle of occupation and repression .
They are known only to family members who are left to bury and mourn them , wondering how many more victims there will be .
While Corrie ’s death drew international outrage , the loss of life on the part of Palestinians is seldom recognised .
Still Rachel Corrie ’s life and sacrifice should be commemorated .
It gives testimony to the capacity of youth in the United States take action in support of greater freedom and justice in the world .
Too often , young people accept the position created for them by late capitalism – to live empty lives centred on consumption with no hope for political change .
Rachel Corrie became an active participant in history and her death contributed to the continuing struggle for Palestinian freedom .
She reminds us that Americans have a special responsibility to help end the conflict between Israel and Palestine .
We can continue the work of Rachel Corrie by raising the demand for an immediate end to all US aid to Israel .
As she said so clearly in an email to her parents : “ I am in the midst of a genocide which I am also indirectly supporting , and for which my government is largely responsible . ”
Remember Rachel Corrie by supporting the creation of a new foreign policy built upon socialist values of international solidarity and peace .
* * *
Read the words of Rachel Corrie here : http://rachelswords.org/.
[ Billy Wharton is the co-chair of the Socialist Party USA and the editor of The Socialist and the Socialist WebZine . ]
Pentagon - backed researchers have come up with a novel new way to purify water : Just add bacteria .
Scientists at Sam Houston State University ( SHSU ) have successfully designed portable , efficient , bacteria - based water treatment units .
Two of the devices are on their way to Army bases in Afghanistan , and the research team is in talks with the Pentagon about sending a working prototype to help relief efforts in Haiti .
The systems , called “ bio-reactors , ” clean putrid water using the same bacteria you ’d find in a handful of dirt .
The bacteria filter the water , then eat up the sludge that ’s a common byproduct of waste treatment .
It 's all done in less than 24 hours , and from devices smaller than a standard shipping crate .
To put that into perspective , an average waste - water treatment process can take up to a month , and produces toxic sludge as an inevitable byproduct .
Researchers isolated a set of bacterium to do the filtering , and they ’ve now patented that combination .
The Army has already ordered six units , and now that the team has the bacterial combination mastered , they ’re confident that the project can quickly be scaled to hundreds of units – assuming the Defense Department keeps up the funding .
They probably will , given the ongoing logistical challenges the military ’s been up against in Afghanistan , where troops need convoys of water trucks because of a lack of purified local sources .
The Marine Corps ' Marine and Energy Assessment Team ( MEAT ) estimates that a better option for water purification could mean 50 fewer military trucks on the roads , according to InsideDefense.com .
Less dependency on fuel would add up : Right now , a single soldier in Afghanistan uses 22 gallons of fuel per day .
But war zones are only one application for the bacteria - based sludge removers .
Natural disaster sites would benefit immeasurably from portable , low - cost , quick water treatment systems .
In Haiti , one of the biggest challenges has been coping with contaminated water .
Dan Davis , SHSU ’s associate vice president for research administration and technology commercialization , said that a single unit could purify a trench latrine within a single day , and then provide a constant stream of clean water .
Yesterday , Davis got a call from his contact at the Department of Defense , asking if SHSU researchers would be willing to send their prototype for immediate use in Haiti .
He ’s waiting to hear back , and says he looks forward to the day when hundreds of the units are readily available .
“ From cruise ships to oil tankers to dangerous war terrain , these things can go anywhere , ” he told Danger Room .
“ Ideally , we ’d have these ready to roll out for natural disasters .
Something as simple as clean water could easily save thousands of lives . ”
Photo : Department of Defense
My dad is an avid stamp collector .
While he does have some US stamps in his collection , he mainly focuses on older stamps from China .
He used to purchase stamps exclusively from reputable stamp companies , but recently he ’s been looking for good deals on rare stamps through eBay .
In the world of stamps , errors often cause the stamp to be worth much more than its face value since they ’re highly sought after by collectors .
One such stamp is a 1962 stamp showing Tsai Lun , the inventor of paper .
Right before the stamps were to begin the printing process , they discovered that the birth date had an extra character that erroneously listed the birth date as BC rather than AD .
They had to correct the printing plates manually , but omitted one of them , causing a single error stamp to be printed with each batch .
Here ’s a photograph of an actual error stamp compared to a “ photoshopped ” version showing the difference :
That single erroneous character causes this stamp to be listed among the rarest of Chinese stamps , and causes its value to be upwards of $ 5,000 rather than tens of dollars for the normal stamp .
Earlier this week my dad bid in an auction for one of these stamps .
While he knows eBay is filled with counterfeit goods , everything seemed to point towards this stamp being legitimate .
The user who had it up for auction was a top- rated eBay seller with over 1,000 + feedback ratings and a 100 % positive feedback history .
He also had a number of other listings for much more expensive stamps .
After bidding $ 1,000 for this $ 5,000 stamp , my dad ended up winning for $ 400 .
While he was happy about his “ steal ” , we both felt unease regarding whether or not the stamp was genuine .
Luckily for us , the listing had a photograph of the stamp .
Here ’s the photo of the stamp side - by - side with a photo of a genuine error stamp :
At this point , my background in Photoshop came into play .
I realized I could examine the stamps extremely closely and compare them using Photoshop .
In fact , Photoshop has a feature that is perfect for this type of comparison .
It ’s called Auto - Align Layers .
What it does is magically align multiple layers based on similar features .
Here ’s what I did :
Have each stamp as a separate layer Select the two layers Click Edit and then Auto - Align Layers Set Projection to “ Auto ” and click Ok
Voila !
The two stamps became magically aligned , allowing me to turn the top layer on and off for easy comparison .
Here ’s the exact same comparison after Photoshop ’s auto alignment ( hover your mouse over it to compare ) :
Minor variations in the appearance of a stamp are acceptable , since there are slight variations in the printing plates .
Also , though we were initially suspicious of the difference in color , we discovered that it was probably introduced in the imaging process after finding the exact same color variation in an official stamp book .
However , what caught my eye was the single error character in the upper left hand corner .
If you examine it during the comparison , you ’ll see that it looks different and is shifted upwards in the eBay auction version .
We suddenly realized that the same was in fact a legitimate stamp …
A legitimate non-error stamp with the error character added in .
With this evidence my dad gave the seller a phone call ( yeah , they responded with a number when we asked for it ) , and confronted them about the forgery .
They feigned ignorance and stated that they did n’t know much about stamps , which was hardly believable considering they had other listings for $ 80,000 stamps .
However , they were willing to cancel the transaction and did so immediately .
What I realized through this whole experience was how useful Photoshop can be for fields seemingly unrelated to photography or graphics .
I ’m sure there are still many stamp experts out there who use magnifying glasses to try and detect counterfeit or altered stamps , while Photoshop can do the same thing much more accurately and efficiently .
Viva Photoshop !
Photographer Jason Hawkes , a frequent contributor to the Big Picture blog , returns today , sharing with us some of his latest images of American cities seen from above at night - New York City and Las Vegas , both cities that undergo significant transformations after the sun goes down .
From Hawkes : " The images of New York were shot on Nikons latest camera , the D3S , using three gyro stabilizing mounts and flown using twin star helicopters .
( Eurocopter AS355 ) .
We flew from heights of just over 500 ft up to 2,500 - ft with no doors on , it was very very cold .
The images of Las Vegas were shot for a separate project , using a range of helicopters from a Robinson 44 to Eurocopter AS355 " .
Be sure to see Hawkes ' earlier entries here ( 1 3 ) , and check out his newly - released book " London at Night " .
A book of his New York at night photos is due for publication in the Autumn .
Captions provided by the photographer .
( 20 photos total
Alan Ellis , the ex-admin of the OiNK BitTorrent tracker , was cleared of Conspiracy to Defraud by jury of his peers last week .
But now it seems that as one battle ends , another begins .
IFPI says it is considering civil action , and is committed to reclaiming the money donated to the site in order to give it back to the artists .
After waiting for more than two years to clear his name , less than a week ago the trial of Alan Ellis , the ex-admin of the OiNK BitTorrent tracker , came to an end .
The jury at Teesside Crown Court took just a couple of hours to return a unanimous verdict of “ Not Guilty ” – Ellis walked away a free man .
Ellis kept a low profile as he left court , refusing to comment to waiting reporters .
The recording industry , fronted by the BPI , did n’t hide their feelings .
“ This is a hugely disappointing verdict which is out of line with decisions made in similar cases around the world , ” the group said in a statement .
“ The defendant made nearly £ 200,000 by exploiting other people ’s work without permission .
The case shows that artists and music companies need better protection . ”
Behind the scenes , some observers felt that while this defeat for the music industry was welcome , there were still concerns that things would n’t end with Ellis ’s acquittal .
And they appear to have been right .
Speaking at a press conference to launch the annual Digital Music Report , IFPI spokesman John Kennedy said that the ‘ not guilty ’ verdict was not the end of the road .
The recording industry would “ find other ways ” to punish Ellis , and is now seriously considering taking action against him through the civil courts .
Kennedy said there is a commitment by the industry to retrieve the money the users of OiNK donated to the site , and give it to the artists whose music was shared there .
He also attacked the decision to charge Ellis with fraud instead of copyright infringement , and criticized UK legislation for being out of date .
Ellis confirmed earlier that his acquittal did not mean that OiNK was set for a revival .
“ Absolutely not , ” he said , while adding that he would just like to get on with his life now .
It seems that IFPI have other plans .
By Deepak Lal
The story of kidnapped Sikhs in Pakistan has had a new revelation , with the two men revealing in their 42 day captivity they were forced to convert to Islam .
Once Sarjeet Singh and Gurbinder Singh were kidnapped they were forced to go against their religious values by shaving off their beards and cutting their hair .
The two men were being reported to have been kidnapped by a group of militants from the Tehrik - e - Taliban , in which Jaspal Singh was beheaded on February 20th after his family failed to pay a ransom of Rs 30 million , which was demanded for all three men .
Pakistani forces recovered the two remaining men in the Orakzai and Khyber regions , which border neighbouring Afghanistan .
Sarjeet and Gurendal were successfully rescued , but not un-scathed as Sarjeet suffered three bullet wounds in the furious gun-fire exchanges .
We are being led to believe that Sarjeet was mistakenly shot because he had no beard or turban , with the Pakistani military not being able to tell the difference between the Sikh detainees and the barbaric Taliban militants .
Doctors at the Combined Military Hospital successfully removed two bullets from the body of Sarjeet Singh ; he had been in a stable condition since .
Gurendal had been reunited with his family in Peshawar where another Sikh man , Robin Singh has recently been abducted with a ransom of £ 140,000 being demanded .
A five year old British boy has also been kidnapped with a ransom of £ 100,000 being ordered .
Although Sikhs are a minority in Pakistan they have lived in Khyber for over 200 years .
India ’s foreign minister , S M Krishna has come out to condemn the ‘ barbaric ’ attacks by the Taliban : “ I rise to strongly condemn the beheading of Sardar Jaspal Singh in the tribal areas of Pakistan .
This barbaric and heinous crime is deplorable in the strongest possible terms .
His abductors , reportedly the Taliban , committed the grave crime when his family was not able to pay ransom money to the abductors .
We express our sincere condolences to the family of the victim , '' said Krishna who is scheduled to visit Golden Temple in Amritsar on Friday .
He has also claimed that Pakistan ’s president has condemned the attacks also with the government pledging to find those guilty and India will be taking the issuer up with Pakistan .
Publish blog updates from any corner of the globe , like travel writer Chérie King , who explores the world with her iPad and a thirst for adventure .
Or draft posts from the palm of your hand : you might find writer Dave Graham editing a post on his Android phone , in a Yorkshire coffee shop in the United Kingdom .
Stats Sneak a peek at your visitors and views on your morning commute .
Track your most popular stories of the day on your lunch break .
Discover where your readers come from , all around the world .
Keep your finger on the pulse of your site .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Robert Kubica set the fastest time of the opening free practice session ahead of this weekend 's Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne .
The session was half over before anyone started to set flying laps around the Albert Park circuit , after which the McLarens of Lewis Hamilton and Jenson Button , the Mercedes of Nico Rosberg and the Renault of Kubica traded the top spot .
Hamilton was quickest initially until Rosberg broke into the 1m27s .
Kubica then hit the top with 15 minutes to go - setting the best time in each of the three sectors - and remained the only driver in the 1m26s .
The Ferraris of Felipe Massa and Fernando Alonso finished the session fourth and sixth quickest , sandwiching the Red Bull of Sebastian Vettel .
Hamilton finished up seventh , not improving his best time in the second half of the session .
Sebastien Buemi , Vitaly Petrov and Vitantonio Liuzzi completed the top 10 .
Michael Schumacher was 12th fastest , 1.4 seconds slower than team - mate Rosberg , while home hero Mark Webber was 14th , one second slower than Vettel .
Kamui Kobayashi provided most of the session 's drama in his Sauber , causing the only two red flag stoppages .
Forty minutes into practice , the Japanese clipped the cone on the inside of Turn 11 and ripped half the front wing from his car .
The lack of downforce meant he ran wide at Turn 12 - the second half of the fast left - right section on the back straight - and bounced through the gravel .
He was back out 20 minutes later with a new wing fitted , but it came off as he braked for Turn 3 on his outlap .
He managed to keep the car out of the wall , but overshot the corner and scattered debris across the circuit .
Kobayashi's team - mate Pedro de la Rosa stopped out on track at the exit of Turn 4 in the final 10 minutes of the session with a clutch failure .
Paul di Resta finished his first Formula 1 practice session in an impressive 11th place for Force India - just one place and four tenths of a second behind Liuzzi .
The Briton ran in place of the team 's regular racer Adrian Sutil and completed 25 laps in the 90 minutes .
There was no repeat of the Bahrain practice absences for the new teams , with all 24 cars completing installation laps in the first 10 minutes of practice .
Though Jarno Trulli was confined to the pits for most of the first half of the session with a differential problem .
Then both Lotus drivers had off - track excursions , with Trulli overshooting the penultimate corner and team - mate Heikki Kovalainen spinning at Turn 9 .
Petrov was another to spin at Turn 9 after climbing the high kerb and shedding some aero parts from his Renault .
Lotus finished the session as the quickest of the new teams , with Trulli and Kovalainen 19th and 20th - both 4.7 seconds slower than the quickest time .
Lucas di Grassi was a second further back for Virgin , with HRT drivers Bruno Senna and Karun Chandhok 6.4 and 7.3 seconds shy of Kubica 's benchmark .
Timo Glock was sidelined for most of the session with a gearbox oil leak on his Virgin Racing car .
He completed just eight laps and finished at the bottom of the timesheet .
Pos Driver Team Time Laps 1 . Kubica Renault 1:26.927 22 2 . Rosberg Mercedes 1:27.126 + 0.199 18 3 . Button McLaren - Mercedes 1:27.482 + 0.555 22 4 . Massa Ferrari 1:27.511 + 0.584 18 5 . Vettel Red Bull - Renault 1:27.686 + 0.759 23 6 . Alonso Ferrari 1:27.747 + 0.820 21 7 . Hamilton McLaren - Mercedes 1:27.793 + 0.866 22 8 . Buemi Toro Rosso - Ferrari 1:28.014 + 1.087 21 9 . Petrov Renault 1:28.114 + 1.187 25 10 . Liuzzi Force India - Mercedes 1:28.192 + 1.265 18 11 . di Resta Force India - Mercedes 1:28.537 + 1.610 25 12 . Schumacher Mercedes 1:28.550 + 1.623 19 13 .
Alguersuari Toro Rosso - Ferrari 1:28.572 + 1.645 21 14 . Webber Red Bull - Renault 1:28.683 + 1.756 22 15 . de la Rosa Sauber - Ferrari 1:29.465 + 2.538 13 16 . Barrichello Williams - Cosworth 1:29.712 + 2.785 18 17 . Hulkenberg Williams - Cosworth 1:30.249 + 3.322 26 18 . Kobayashi Sauber - Ferrari 1:31.588 + 4.661 5 19 . Trulli Lotus - Cosworth 1:31.652 + 4.725 13 20 . Kovalainen Lotus - Cosworth 1:31.654 + 4.727 26 21 . di Grassi Virgin-Cosworth 1:32.831 + 5.904 25 22 . Chandhok HRT - Cosworth 1:33.401 + 6.474 24 23 .
Senna HRT - Cosworth 1:34.251 + 7.324 19 24 .
Glock Virgin- Cosworth 1:34.924 + 7.998 8 All Timing Unofficial
The recent history of reconciliation
NPR 's Julie Rovner has a fantastic article explaining that the reconciliation process has actually been used for almost all major pieces of health - care legislation passed over the past 20 years .
COBRA -- which stands for the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation
Act of 1985 , but has come to mean the much - beloved program that lets you keep your health insurance when you lose your job -- was done in reconciliation .
The Children 's Health Insurance Program was done in reconciliation .
The Emergency Medical Treatment and Active Labor Act , which is the legislation that tells hospitals that take Medicare and Medicaid that they have to at least screen any patient who enters the emergency room , regardless of insurance status , was done through reconciliation .
Welfare reform , which disentangled Medicaid from welfare , was done in reconciliation .
Need I go on ?
Elsewhere , political scientist Joshua Tucker found a Congressional Research Service report ( pdf ) listing every time reconciliation was used between 1981 and 2005 , and he built a rough model testing which party used the process more frequently .
During that period , there were 19 reconciliation bills , 11 of which were signed by Republican presidents , five of which were signed by Democratic presidents , three of which were vetoed by Democratic presidents , and none of which were vetoed by Republican presidents .
" By my admittedly simple classification scheme , " Tucker concludes , " this would suggest that 14 of the 19 times reconciliation was used between FY1981 - FY2005 , it was used to advance Republican interests . "
The real story lurking in these arguments is that reconciliation has become the normal process for many of the most important bills in recent years .
The Bush tax cuts went through reconciliation .
Welfare reform went through reconciliation .
The Balanced Budget Act of 1997 went through reconciliation .
We 've never really discussed the fact that we have a majority - rules process tucked inside the supermajority Senate ( in part because the realization that we have a supermajority Senate is relatively recent ) , but it 's been key to getting anything done for at least 20 years now , and it will be an even more constant presence in the next 20 years .
Update : Tim Noah has more on the specific case of welfare reform .
Photo credit : Evan Vucci / AP .
Yu - Han Lyu and I were studying some paper from the algorithm community , and we noticed a peculiar kind of argument .
For a much simplified version , let X and D be two relations of type A → B , denoting two alternative approaches to non-deterministically compute possible solution candidates to a problem .
Also let ≤ be a transitive relation on B , and ≥ its converse .
The relation min ≤ : { B} → B , given a set , returns one of its elements that is no larger ( under ≤ ) than any elements in the set , if such a minimum exists .
We would like find solution as small as possible under ≤ .
When arguing for the correctness of its algorithm , the paper we are studying claims that the method X is no worse than D in the following sense : if every solution returned by D is no better than some solution returned by X , which we translate to :
D ⊆ ≥ .
X
then the best ( smallest ) solution by X must be no worse than ( one of the ) best solutions returned by D :
min ≤ .
ΛX ⊆ ≤ . min ≤ .
ΛD
where Λ converts a relation A → B to a function A → { B} by collecting its results to a set .
Note that , awkwardly , X and D are swapped to different sides of relational inclusion .
“ What ?
How could this be true ? ” was my first reaction .
I bombarded Yu - Han with lots of emails , making sure that we did n’t misinterpret the paper .
An informal way to see it is that since every result of D is outperformed by something returned by X , collectively , the best result among the latter must is “ lower - bounded ” by the optimal result of D .
But this sounds unconvincing to me .
Something is missing .
Totality and Well - Boundedness
It turns out that the reasoning can be correct , but we need some more constraints on D and ≤ .
Firstly , D must yield some result whenever X does .
Otherwise it could be that D ⊆ ≥ .
X is true but ΛD returns an empty set , while ΛX still returns something .
This is bad because X is no more a safe alternative of D — it could sometimes do too much .
One way to prevent it from happening so is to demand that ΛD = dom ∈ .
ΛD , where ∈ is the membership relation , and dom ∈ , the domain of ∈ , consists only of non-empty sets .
It will be proved later that this is equivalent to demanding that D be total .
Secondly , we need to be sure that every non-empty set has a minimum , or min ≤ always yields something for non-empty sets .
Therefore min ≤ .
ΛD would not fall back to the empty relation .
Formally , it can be expressed as dom ∈ = dom ( min ≤ ) .
Bird and de Moor called this property well - boundedness of ≤ .
Recall that min ≤ = ∈ ∩ ≤/∋ .
The part ∈ guarantees that min ≤ returns something that is in the given set , while ≤/∋ guarantees that the returned value is a lower - bound of the given set .
Since ΛD ( as well as ΛX ) is a function , we also have min ≤ .
ΛD = D ∩ ≤/ D° , following from the laws of division .
Later we will prove an auxiliary lemma stating that if ≤ is well - bounded , we have :
≤ /∋ . dom ∈ ⊆ ≤ . min ≤ . dom ∈
The right - hand side , given a non-empty list , takes its minimum and returns something possibly smaller .
The left - hand side merely returns some lower - bound of the given set .
It sounds weaker because it does not demand that the set has a minimum .
Nevertheless , the inclusion holds if ≤ is well - bounded .
An algebraic proof of the auxiliary lemma was given by Akimasa Morihata .
The proof , to be discussed later , is quite interesting to me because it makes an unusual use of indirect equality .
With the lemma , proof of the main result becomes rather routine :
min ≤ .
ΛX ⊆ ≤ . min ≤ .
ΛD ≣ { since ΛD = dom ∈ .
ΛD } min ≤ .
ΛX ⊆ ≤ . min ≤ . dom ∈ .
ΛD ⇐ { ≤/∋ . dom ∈ ⊆ ≤ . min ≤ . dom ∈ , see below } min ≤ .
ΛX ⊆ ≤/∋ . dom ∈ .
ΛD ≣ { since ΛD = dom ∈ .
ΛD } min ≤ .
ΛX ⊆ ≤/∋ .
ΛD ≣ { since ΛD is a function , R/S . f = R /( f° .
S ) } min ≤ .
ΛX ⊆ ≤/ D° ≣ { Galois connection } min ≤ .
ΛX .
D° ⊆ ≤ ⇐ { min ≤ .
ΛX ⊆ ≤/ X° } ≤/ X° .
D° ⊆ ≤ ⇐ { since D ⊆ ≥ .
X } ≤/X° .
X° . ≤ ⊆ ≤ ⇐ { division } ≤ . ≤ ⊆ ≤ ≣ { ≤ transitive } true
Proof Using Enriched Indirect Equality
Now we have got to prove that ≤/∋ .
dom ∈ ⊆ ≤ . min ≤ . dom ∈ provided that ≤ is well - bounded .
To prove this lemma I had to resort to first - order logic .
I passed the problem to Akimasa Morihata and he quickly came up with a proof .
We start with some preparation :
≤ /∋ . dom ∈ ⊆ ≤ . min ≤ . dom ∈ ⇐ { since min ≤ ⊆ ∈ } ≤ /( min ≤) ° .
dom ∈ ⊆ ≤ . min ≤ . dom ∈
And then we use proof by indirect ( in ) equality .
The proof , however , is unusual in two ways .
Firstly , we need the enriched indirect equality proposed by Dijkstra in
EWD 1315 : Indirect equality enriched ( and a proof by Netty ) .
Typically , proof by indirect equality exploits the property :
x = y ≡ ( ∀u . u ⊆ x ≡ u ⊆ y )
and also :
x ⊆ y ≡ ( ∀u . u ⊆ x ⇒ u ⊆ y )
When we know that both x and y satisfy some predicate P , enriched indirect equality allows us to prove x = y ( or x ⊆ y ) by proving a weaker premise :
x = y ≡ ( ∀u .
P u ⇒ u ⊆ x ≡ u ⊆ y )
Note that both ≤/( min ≤) ° .
dom ∈ and ≤ . min ≤ . dom ∈ satisfy X = X . dom ∈ .
Later we will try to prove :
X ⊆ ≤/( min ≤) ° .
dom ∈ ⇒ X ⊆ ≤ . min ≤ . dom ∈
for X such that X = X . dom ∈ .
The second unusual aspect is that rather than starting from one of X ⊆ ≤ /( min ≤) ° .
dom ∈ or X ⊆ ≤ .
min ≤ . dom ∈ and ending at another , Morihata ’s proof took the goal as a whole and used rules like ( P ⇒ Q ) ⇒ ( P ⇒ P ∧ Q ) .
The proof goes :
( X ⊆ ≤ /( min ≤) ° . dom ∈ ⇒ X ⊆ ≤ . min ≤ . dom ∈) ⇐ { dom ∈ ⊆ id } ( X ⊆ ≤ /( min ≤) ° ⇒ X ⊆ ≤ . min ≤ . dom ∈) ≣ { Galois connection } ( X . ( min ≤) ° ⊆ ≤ ⇒ X ⊆ ≤ . min ≤ . dom ∈) ⇐ { ( P ⇒ Q ) ⇒ ( P ⇒ P ∧ Q ) } ( X . ( min ≤) ° ⊆ ≤ ⇒ X ⊆ X . ( min ≤ ) ° . min ≤ . dom ∈) ⇐ { R ∩ S ⊆ R } ( X . ( min ≤) ° ⊆ ≤ ⇒ X ⊆ X . ( ( ( min ≤ ) ° . min ≤ ) ∩ id ) . dom ∈) ≣ { dom R = ( R° . R ) ∩ id } ( X . ( min ≤) ° ⊆ ≤ ⇒ X ⊆ X . dom ( min ≤ ) . dom ∈) ≣ { ≤ well - bounded : dom ∈ = dom ( min ≤ ) } ( X . ( min ≤) ° ⊆ ≤ ⇒ X ⊆ X . dom ∈ . dom ∈) ≣ { dom ∈ . dom ∈ = dom ∈ } ( X . ( min ≤) ° ⊆ ≤ ⇒ X ⊆ X . dom ∈) ≣ { X = X . dom ∈ } ( X . ( min ≤ ) ° ⊆ ≤ ⇒ true ) ≣ true
Auxiliary Proofs
Finally , this is a proof that the constraint ΛD = dom ∈ .
ΛD is equivalent to D being total , that is id ⊆ D° .
D .
Recall that dom ∈ = ( (∋ . ∈ ) ∩ id ) .
We simplify dom ∈ .
ΛD a bit :
dom ∈ . ΛD = ( (∋ . ∈ ) ∩ id ) .
ΛD = { ΛD a function } ( ∋ . ∈ . ΛD ) ∩ ΛD = { ∈ .
ΛD = D } ( ∋ . D ) ∩ ΛD
We reason :
dom ∈ .
ΛD = ΛD ≡ { R ∩ S = S iff S ⊆ R } ΛD ⊆ ∋ .
D ≡ { ΛD function , shunting } id ⊆ ( ΛD ) ° . ∋ .
D ≡ id ⊆ D° .
D
which is the definition of totality .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A senior adviser to former US President George W Bush has defended tough interrogation techniques , saying their use helped prevent terrorist attacks .
In a BBC interview , Karl Rove , who was known as " Bush 's brain " , said he " was proud we used techniques that broke the will of these terrorists " .
He said waterboarding , which simulates drowning , should not be considered torture .
In 2009 , President Barack Obama banned waterboarding as a form of torture .
But the practice was sanctioned in written memos by Bush administration lawyers in August 2002 , providing legal cover for its use .
I 'm proud that we kept the world safer than it was , by the use of these techniques
Karl Rove
Profile : Karl Rove
In 2008 , CIA head Michael Hayden told Congress it had only been used on three high - profile al - Qaeda detainees , and not for the past five years .
One of those was Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , a key suspect in the 9/11 attacks , who was reportedly waterboarded 160 times .
Mr Rove said US soldiers were subjected to waterboarding as a regular part of their training .
A less " constrained " form of the technique was used on the three suspects interrogated at the US military prison at Guantanamo Bay , he said .
" I 'm proud that we used techniques that broke the will of these terrorists and gave us valuable information that allowed us to foil plots such as flying aeroplanes into Heathrow and into London , bringing down aircraft over the Pacific , flying an aeroplane into the tallest building in Los Angeles and other plots , " Mr Rove told the BBC .
" Yes , I 'm proud that we kept the world safer than it was , by the use of these techniques .
They 're appropriate , they 're in conformity with our international requirements and with US law . "
Mr Rove has just written a memoir , Courage and Consequence , in which he defends the two terms of the Bush administration as " impressive , durable and significant " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I continue to be amazed by the sheer magnitude of the rage and acrimony unleashed by the healthcare debate .
Here ’s a priceless gem from The Washington Post that swedish fish found and left in the comments .
Courtland Milloy , a negro columnist , writes :
“ I know how the “ tea party ” people feel , the anger , venom and bile that many of them showed during the recent House vote on health - care reform .
I know because I want to spit on them , take one of their “ Obama ’s Plan : White Slavery ” signs and knock every racist and homophobic tooth out of their Cro-Magnon heads .
I am sick of these people — and those who make excuses for them and their victim - whiner mentality . ”
Any White columnist who wrote a similar column for a conservative magazine or newspaper threatening violence against blacks would be fired on the spot .
He would be untouchable .
His career in respectable mainstream journalism would be over .
“ White privilege ” works in mysterious ways .
The Tea Party Movement can bury its collective head in the sand and pretend that the healthcare debate is not about race .
The Left passionately disagrees .
It is composed of professional grievance organizations ( racial , ethnic , gender , sexual orientation ) who are accustomed to thinking in “ us vs. them ” terms .
They look at the Tea Party protests and see scores of angry White people .
The mental image of White resistance to the Civil Rights Movement ( Bull Connor and firehoses ) instantly comes to mind .
Once again , I will reiterate one of the oldest White Nationalist adages : you might not be interested in race , but race - based groups are interested in you .
The Tea Party Movement is going to be demonized as “ racist ” for no other reason than the fact that the majority of its members are White , angry , and opposed to Obama .
We ’ve come full circle in America :
White skin color is now enough to earn you hatred , vitriol , and racial abuse from the multiculturalist establishment .
Here are a few questions I would like to ask the Tea Party Movement :
1. ) In light of recent experience , do you still believe we are “ progressing ” toward a “ post - racial ” society , or does it seem more likely that Whites will become a degraded over - taxed minority as our numbers dwindle ?
2. ) Do you think your
White grandchildren will live in a better world than the one you inherited ?
3. ) Does the America you love seem to be slipping away ?
4. ) Barack Obama promised a “ post - racial ” America in his 2008 campaign .
Does this seem like a “ post - racial ” society to you ?
If Barack Obama ca n’t move America beyond race , can anyone ?
5. ) Do you honestly believe all of these privileged race - based groups will suddenly fall to their knees and embrace individualism and colorblindness any time soon ?
6. ) Have you ever pondered the thought that America might be lost ?
I suspect your answers are similar to ours .
In The Washington Times , Jeffrey Kuehner wonders whether America will break up in the future .
He notes that the American Heartland is dangerously alienated from the political class in Washington .
Kuehner points out that the rhetoric of state sovereignty , states ’ rights , and nullification are back in the air .
White Nationalists have already accepted this fate .
The broader American Right finally appears to be moving beyond its distraction with Islamic terrorism and realizing that the country itself is being subverted from within .
The earliest glimmers of this awakening might portend unsavory consequences for the Obama administration .
In December of 1931 , as the Great Depression took hold , a young man by the name of Richard Crews wrote to a number of prominent architecture firms in the city of Chicago .
Soon to enter the profession himself , Crews was curious to learn about an established architect ’s typical working day , and so sent letters to local masters of the trade to find out from the best possible source .
Four incredibly gracious responses arrived , including the one below ; a letter filled with honest , sage and extremely quotable advice from Charles Morgan , a highly regarded architectural artist who in the ’ 20s and ’30s provided renderings for a number of large firms such as Frank Lloyd Wright .
Had he written it today , I ’m sure much of the advice would remain .
Many thanks to F.A. Bernett Books for allowing me to show the letter ( which , incidentally , can be bought at their website along with the other three ) .
Transcript follows .
Transcript
CHAS MORGAN A.I.A
ARCHITECTURAL ENGINEERING
thirty third floor 333 north Michigan Ave
CHICAGO
telephone Randolph 6014
MODERN DESIGN
Architectural
Perspectives
Mural
Mosaics
Richard Crews
4524 Malden Avenue
Chicago , Illinois
Dear Richard Crews :
I am sorry to be delayed these few days in answering your letter of Dec. 21st but I shall hasten and do it before the new year .
Of course , you would be more interested in what an architect does in a day ’s work in normal times , than now .
So if you will excuse the liberty I shall make the discussion , or at least the answer , on what an architect should do in a day ’s work .
An architect should , unless it is impossible , answer his mail the first thing in the morning .
Then his mind is free to plan and design upon the problems of his clients .
He goes to work planning from within outward just as truly as from the ground upward .
There are very few real architects who get big jobs because it is only the politician who gets big jobs , and the politician never has time to be an architect .
So by all means the architect should learn to do small jobs well , because of the very fact that if he is sincere he shall probably never get big ones .
The architect should always remember that Jesus was an architect and that to be entitled to the same name he should love truth and beauty above all else .
An architect is too busy to bother much about luncheon .
A sandwich at noon is enough .
He draws or builds models most of the day because that is an aid to his imagination .
Imagination is the only quality that is creative .
Above all else the artist must not copy .
Imitate nothing except principle .
That is best understood by reading such as Henry Thoreau ’s “ Walden ” and of the lives of great people .
A real architect like a good man in any business does not waste any time whatever doing things of which he might be ashamed .
He must above all be a sincere artist .
I congratulate you upon your choice and sincerely wish you much strength and happiness .
Make no compromise from that which you know is right .
Sincerely yours ,
( Signed , ‘ Charles Morgan , Chicago Associate of Frank Lloyd Wright . ’)
December 30 , 1931
CLM-M
Disoriented on the North Sea Saved from the Ice by a Web Cam
A tourist walking on Germany 's frozen North Sea coast was hoping for some stunning winter photos .
Instead , he became disoriented as night fell and no longer knew how to get back to the beach .
Luckily , help was just a click away .
Right after I finished Matthew Hindman 's book The Myth of Digital Democracy , Prospect Magazine has published a debate between Evgeny Morozov and Clay Shirky about digital activism in authoritarian countries , particularly Iran .
( Links - Round one : Morozov and Shirky .
Round two : Morozov and Shirky . )
In brief , Morozov worries " what do we really gain if the ability to organise protests is matched ( and , perhaps , even dwarfed ) by the ability to provoke , identify and arrest the protesters ? "
Shirky , who is in moderate " Shirky mode " as opposed to demagogic " Clay mode " , counters that " While the use of social media in the Iranian protests quickly garnered the label ' Twitter Revolution , ' the real revolution was the use of mobile phones , which allowed the original protesters to broadcast their actions to other citizens and to the wider world with remarkable speed and immediacy .
This characteristic , of a rapidly assembling and self - documenting public , is more than just a new slogan . "
There is a technology arms race between the protesters and the government , in which increasingly sophisticated levels of censorship , censorship evasion , identity masking , and so on are all playing a part .
Your Facebook account might be a great way to communicate with others of a shared viewpoint but others can track you on it , and Iranian airport security have apparently asked travellers to sign in to their accounts in front of them .
Activists use proxy servers to protect their identity , but if they are discovered using this technology then it may be treated as evidence of guilt .
And so on .
The thing with an arms race is that , whoever wins ( if anyone ) , the benefit is tiny compared to the effort expended by both sides .
The hype over the role of digital technologies in protest is overblown because it is proportional to the amount and visibility of effort , not to the benefit the activists gain .
In a country full of mobile phones , the mobile phone will be used to communicate ; in a country with portable digital cameras , digital videos will be the way to broadcast events .
But just because everyone is using the new technology does n't mean it 's making a big difference to the balance of power or to the action on the ground .
Digital technologies do n't shift the balance of power partly because they are prone to the kind of arms races Morozov identifies , but also because they do n't address the major obstacles that stand in the way of dissident groups , either in autocratic countries or in democracies .
When Czechs organized to overthrow their government back in 1989 they faced many obstacles , but transmitting information was not one of the big ones .
They had many ways to distribute what they needed : they leaked information to Western TV and radio stations who would broadcast it back to millions of listeners ; they used official photocopiers to make hundreds of copies of samizdats , networks of music fans turned themselves into subversive communication webs , actors read anti-government news instead of reciting their lines at dramatic performances .
" We were much more co-ordinated than people realize today , so that people in Czechoslovakia were able to know almost immediately what was happening in Poland and East Germany , even though it could not be reported or even mentioned in the official media " .
[ Doug Saunders , The Globe and Mail , October 29 , 2009 ]
If information is not the main problem for protest movements , then the Internet is not the solution .
To the extent that information is a problem , it 's not the kind of information that the Internet deals in anyway .
After all , here is some information for you :
2 + 2 = 5
I can post this in a blog , tweet it , put it in my Facebook status , or even make a video of it .
It can be encoded in bytes , so it's " information " in that sense , but it 's obviously not " information " that is useful to anyone .
What activists need in autocratic countries is not " ways to share information " but " ways to share trusted information securely and privately " .
And the barrier to this is not " sharing " but establishing trust .
When Russians re-typed samizdats and passed them on to those with similar views , the typing was a pain but the real issue was knowing who to trust .
The need for trust is part of why the transaction - cost analysis of group formation favoured by Clay Shirky and others is wrong - headed when it comes to activism , especially in a hazardous environment .
As Hayagreeva Rao argues in Market Rebels ( review ) , forming groups is largely a matter of establishing a shared identity , and establishing an identity is inherently a costly activity .
High transaction costs are not an inhibitor to forming many kinds of groups because commitment is part of what makes groups successful .
Signing up to join a group is a " performative " statement and , like apologies , its meaning is in the cost to the speaker .
Sure , it 's easier to sign up to a Facebook group than if you have to actually go and meet someone , but if signing up is so easy it 's not likely to be much of a group , just as an automated phone apology that " all our agents are busy right now " is cheap , and so is not much of an apology .
Some groups deliberately make joining difficult by imposing artificial initiation rites on new members .
It 's all part of establishing trust among group members , and the Internet does n't do much to help - or hinder - that crucial step .
Also , they ’re both ghosts .
— –
If you have been reading our news posts for the last couple weeks or if you have traveled to the future and read our news posts for the next couple weeks , you know that Buttersafe Expo 2010 is coming up on April 17th !
In the previous sentence I linked to the main BSX page so that you can learn all about it if you do n’t know the drill already , and in this sentence I plan on linking to the forum so that you can arrange your own BSX gathering if you are not close to ours .
I did these things to maximize your chances of eating pizza , which is a goal you should always be striving for .
- Alex
MAKHACHKALA , Russia —
At a certain point last summer , when snipers on rooftops began picking off police officers , Col. Mukhtar Mukhtarov ’s wife blocked the door with her body and refused to let him leave home in his uniform .
For 25 years , it had been one of the great joys of Colonel Mukhtarov ’s life to walk the streets in his red- striped police cap .
But by last summer all that had been turned so thoroughly on its head that he quietly went back to his bedroom to change into civilian clothes .
His son Gassan , a 20 - year - old beat officer , has known the job only this way , thick with fear .
He changes in his car outside the station house .
Aware that militants often follow police officers for days before killing them — his neck sometimes prickling with the sense of being watched — Gassan Mukhtarov swaps license plates with friends to make himself harder to track .
He is still not safe .
He knows that .
“ They ’ve known who I was from the first day , ” he said .
It is all a measure of how thoroughly order has broken down in the Russian region of Dagestan , in the North Caucasus .
Fifty - eight police officers were killed in attacks here last year , according to the republic ’s Interior Ministry , many of them while running errands or standing at their posts .
Last month alone , according to press reports , 13 officers were killed in bombings and gangland - style shootings .
With the fraudulent background to climate claims , we should not have expected anything else - we now find the chosen Climategate Inquiry team of five men consisted of at least two pro-climate change scientists !
The scandals just keep on coming – the climate garbage is building up on either side of the information highway , and the rats are still spreading their disease .
Boulton the Fifth - Columnist
We should have known the climate inquiry would be slanted .
One of the team , Prof Geofrey Boulton , is called upon to resign because he is not impartial .
Another panel member has already quit .
Boulton , it has been discovered , believes climate change is caused by human activity , making him very unsuitable to be part of an inquiry team .
( The Scotsman , 13th Feb 2010 ) .
As the Editorial ( 13th Feb ) of The Scotsman newspaper reminds us , members of the Inquiry had to “ have no prejudicial interest ” or “ predetermined view ” on climate change .
Boulton and the other members knew this , and yet they remained quiet , pretending to be impartial .
This is just what we have come to expect from the sneaky , dark side of pseudo - science .
Even better , Boulton worked for 18 years at East Anglia University , the same university of which the Climate Research Unit is a part !
For reasons that are not acceptable , the Inquiry is to be held in private – easy to then hide facts and truth and disseminate lies , once again .
As The Scotsman said “ Sir Muir ( Russell ) may well have prejudiced the outcome before the inquiry has even started . ”
I think we can strike - out the words “ may well have ” … it began as a lie and would have exonerated Jones and pals by sleight - of - hand .
As Dr Benny Peiser and David Whitehouse said “ The Russell panel is in need of complete overhaul before it can be taken seriously . ” ( CCNet - News , 12th Feb ) .
We can only be thankful that the full texts of emails were issued before self - interested scientists tried to remove them from view .
Andrew Montford ( 13th Feb ) said that a “ major question mark ” is now over the whole of the Russell Review as about half of the five - man panel have been shown “ to be wildly unsuitable ” .
He added : “ many will conclude that Muir Russell has set out to produce a predetermined result , not to reach the truth .
Maybe they need to start again . ”
Too darn tootin’ !
It was another attempt to commit fraud and to mislead .
The government and Jones et al have too much to lose in all this .
They will try to influence any panel along their own lines .
Muir need not ‘ start again ’ – just get rid of him and find men who will genuinely be impartial .
We can see that the people who set up the inquiry team are just as competent and truthful as the IPCC – neither checks the facts or the truth , and neither care anyway .
Jones … Trying to Wriggle Again
In an attempt to wriggle out of his part in the worldwide science scandal , Phil Jones now admits the “ debate has not been settled ” and that there were two periods of warming in the Medieval period .
( He fails to say they were much , much warmer ) .
( BBC News , 12th Feb ) .
That ’s a start , but still not good enough , because he still says warming ( the warming that has not occurred for the past 12 years and was extremely minor anyway ) is predominantly man-made .
He can stick to that only because no - one can ever prove it !
Like Boulton , Jones said the “ argument regarding climate change is over ” .
The other resigned scientist , Dr Philip Campbell , Editor - in - Chief of Nature magazine ( another pro-warming publication ) was so ‘ unbiased ’ he recently gave an interview to Chinese radio saying that he defended the CRU scientists .
I find it incredible that Muir blatantly told reporters that the team were unbiased !
I think Muir and his panellists were just arrogant pro-warmists who believe they can still get away with their lies .
Now it is time to discredit and get rid of them all .
Jones told the BBC he thought some of his weather data was ‘ not well enough organised ’ .
That might wash with ordinary TV viewers , but not with others .
He was a professor for goodness sake !
His Unit advised governments and was one of the top three sources used by the IPCC !
He was not a messy filing clerk , but a highly - trained and expert scientist !!
However , his language was tempered slightly when he said climate warming was “ most likely ” caused by humans .
That is a big climb - down from the more pedantic ‘ is caused by humans ’ .
He probably sees his demise coming fast and now is trying to change his tune , with subtle shades of difference .
However , his note , that the Medieval warming period “ had experienced similar warming ” is rather out of sync with reality – it was very much warmer for a long time .
The warming we had in the 1900s was just a tiny blip by comparison , hardly registered on the tables , and nothing to get alarmed over .
Jones also ‘ admitted ’ his paperwork was not as it should be .
This is another gross distortion of the facts .
A man of his status , running a world - known unit , would be on top of his game .
It is what credentials and credibility rely on !
To blame things on bad paperwork is hilariously foolish .
Jones also admitted that scientists who claim warming exists , must do more to show why they say so , and must be more transparent .
He is only saying that after he has been found out , trying to be more PR friendly .
One question … he says January was the warmest since 1979 .
He is telling that to a world frozen solid .
Britain has had snow and ice , often well below zero , for the past two months .
If that ’s warmest , could he please tell me why my gas and electricity bills show the exact opposite ?
Barry Napier runs christiandoctrine.com .
The Global Green Agenda ’ , Barry Napier .
Published , Petra Press , 2009 .
For other anti-green books by Barry Napier contact the author : .( JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address )
As deaths among abused and neglected children have mounted in recent months , Los Angeles County supervisors and their aides have summoned child - welfare director Trish Ploehn to lengthy closed - door sessions to explain what ’s gone wrong in her department and how she plans to fix it .
“ The safety and security of the children within our child - welfare system is the most important part of her job , ” Supervisor Zev Yaroslavsky said last week .
“ This is a matter of great urgency for her and the Board of Supervisors , and we will all be judged by the results . ”
The department ’s problems , however , surfaced long before Ploehn was promoted to the top job in 2006 , becoming the third chief since 1999 .
More constant has been the board that chose her , four of whose members have served for at least 14 years .
Time and again , when children under the county ’s watch have died or come to harm , the supervisors have called for reforms and turned up the heat on department chiefs -- leaders they picked .
At least two of Ploehn ’s predecessors left under fire , with one remarking on his way out that it was the toughest job in the country .
The troubles of the nation ’s largest county - run child welfare department remain , many of them substantially unchanged .
“ I will say , categorically , that the L.A. County Board of Supervisors is the greatest culprit , ” said community activist Earl Ofari Hutchinson , who has also called for Ploehn ’s firing .
“ All of this is on their watch , ” he said .
“ It ’s their agency , and they have direct supervision and oversight of it .
. . .
If I see one more ‘ We ’re going to review it ’ from the Board of Supervisors , I ’m going to scream . ”
In early 2000 , after a task force reported that the county ’s foster care system -- then overseen by child - welfare director Anita Bock -- was in disarray , Supervisor Michael Antonovich said it “ cries out for reform . ”
Four years later , Supervisor Gloria Molina hammered then - director David Sanders after the fatal beating of a Canoga Park child who was allowed to stay with his mother despite six previous complaints of abuse .
“ Let ’s not kid ourselves , ” Molina said .
“ This is about people not doing their jobs .
. . .
The same ill - trained , ill - prepared social workers could have hurt other people .
Do n’t you consider it a dangerous situation when you have something as blatant as this ? ”
Six years later , questions about training and deadly oversights still dog the department .
Under Ploehn , a 30 - year department veteran , the agency ’s failings have come to light more readily than in the past , largely because of a state law that opened previously confidential records .
Before the law took effect in 2008 , virtually all information about children ’s deaths from abuse or neglect was kept from public view , ostensibly to protect the privacy of victims and their families .
Reports about horrific cases leaked out sporadically .
The recent records show that about 35 children from families previously investigated by the department have died of abuse or neglect by their caregivers since January 2008 .
When The Times reported last April that 14 such deaths had occurred in 2008 alone , supervisors expressed shock and outrage .
But Yaroslavsky acknowledged the next day that the board had been aware of similar numbers in previous years .
A Times investigation last year also showed that supervisors and administrators had been explicitly warned over a period of 18 years that children were dying or being injured in part because agencies within the county were n’t communicating .
Nonetheless , the number of recent cases , and their tragic details , have caused some to question Ploehn ’s abilities and whether she has the management team in place to get results .
She ’s had years to shape the department , having been named deputy director in 2003 .
Yet when asked to explain high - profile mistakes by her staff , she sometimes appears unfamiliar with the details or withholds information , even from the board , according to two sources familiar with the matter who spoke on condition of anonymity .
Today , key posts in the department remain vacant , including that of top deputy .
Important county departments have yet to join a computer system designed to share vital case information .
And , citing budget problems , supervisors have denied Ploehn ’s request for hundreds of new social workers she says she needs .
Concerns about the department ’s performance were punctuated March 20 by the fatal beating of Deandre Green , 2 , allegedly by his mother ’s boyfriend .
The boy ’s father later told The Times that police and child - welfare officials were warned at least twice in recent months about possible abuse .
Earlier this month , 2 - year - old Viola Vanclief was killed while in the care of a foster family agency that had a history of child - abuse incidents .
Viola had been placed with the foster mother even though the woman had been the subject of five previous child - abuse complaints and her boyfriend was a convicted felon .
Such deaths have often shared persistent threads : social workers who did not follow procedure or did not have the information to make a proper assessment .
Before these cases surfaced , Ploehn , 55 , had been widely credited for quickly recognizing the severity of the child - death problem and for plunging into efforts to fix it .
Key to her plan were better technology to arm social workers with more information during investigations , the proposed addition of 300 social workers to the investigations unit and a far more intensive training academy for staffers .
The overwhelming focus on the deaths , Ploehn said , has obscured her department ’s good works .
“ Our department is saving children ’s lives and preventing children from further abuse , ” she wrote in a statement to The Times .
“ Each year , we receive 160,000 to 180,000 referrals to our child - protection hotline .
We ’ve experienced exceptional successes and gains in reforming child welfare , reducing the number of children in out - of - home care , and reducing timelines to permanency , reunification and adoption . ”
John Tanner , executive director of Service Employees International Union 721 , which represents county social workers , credited Ploehn for listening to his group ’s reform proposals , despite the growing pressure on her and the department .
He warned against firing Ploehn , saying it would destabilize reform efforts and repeat a pattern of scapegoating department heads .
“ It ’s well known that there are seven departments led by interim directors .
There have been six Department of Health Services directors over 15 years , ” he said , counting two acting chiefs .
“ Trish is pushing change .
Everyone wishes it would come faster , but I still think she deserves support . ”
One of her most stalwart backers , Supervisor Don Knabe , called her “ a remarkable leader even under the most enormous pressure ” and vowed his continued support .
“ I have worked with her for many years going back to her days in the Torrance office , long before she became head of the department a few years ago , ” he said in a statement .
“ She was the right choice then and she remains the right choice now . ”
It would be unfair to blame all of the department ’s problems on Ploehn , some experts say .
Eileen Mayers Pasztor , an associate professor of social work at Cal State Long Beach who has trained thousands of child - welfare professionals and advocates nationwide , contends that accredited agencies elsewhere have more rigorous standards .
But they also have more support .
“ We cannot expect well - meaning public and private child - welfare agencies to achieve outcomes that are not commensurate with the resources provided , ” she said .
“ That is not fair , and it ’s not right -- especially for the children . ”
But some critics , including Hutchinson , president of the Urban Policy Roundtable , think it is time for Ploehn to go .
“ From the track record of this organization , it is clear that it is time for a total management shake - up , and that begins with the director , ” he said .
garrett.therolf @latimes.com
kim.christensen @latimes.com
The chemical Bisphenol A used in plastic containers and drinks cans has been shown for the first time to affect the functioning of the intestines , according to a French study published Monday .
National Institute of Agronomic Research researchers in Toulouse found the digestive tract of rats react negatively to even low doses of the chemical also called BPA , the Proceedings of the National Academy Sciences journal reported .
Their research , also conducted on human intestine cells , found that the chemical lowered the permeability of the intestines and the immune system 's response to digestive inflammation , it said .
BPA is used in the production of polycarbonated plastics and epoxy resins found in baby bottles , plastic containers , the lining of cans used for food and beverages , and in dental sealants .
Over 130 studies over the past decade have linked even low levels of BPA , which can leach from plastics , to serious health problems , breast cancer , obesity and the early onset of puberty , among other disorders .
The French study focuses on the first organ to come in contact with the substance , the intestine .
The researchers orally administered doses of BPA to the rats that were equivalent to about 10 times less than the daily amount considered safe for humans , a statement from the Toulouse institute said .
They saw that BPA reduced the permeability of the instentinal lining through which water and essential minerals enter the body , it said .
They also found that newborn rats exposed to BPA in the uterus and during feeding have a higher risk of developing severe intestinal inflammation in adulthood .
The study " shows the very high sensitivity on the intestine of Bisphenol A and opens news avenues for research " including to define new acceptable thresholds of the substance for humans , the institute said .
In May this year , the six major baby bottle makers in the United States agreed to stop using the chemical .
( c ) 2009 AFP
Explore further Scientists warn of chemicals in plastic
LOS ANGELES ( MarketWatch ) -- Japan's February trade surplus ballooned 819 % from a year earlier , as exports continued to recover , according to data released Wednesday by the Ministry of Finance .
The trade surplus for the month totaled 651 billion yen ( $ 7.2 billion ) , above an average forecast of 550 billion yen , as reported by Dow Jones Newswires .
Exports rose 45.3 % from a year earlier , gaining speed from January 's 40.9 % year - on - year gains , even though the February export total was 1.7 % less than the previous month 's total .
The rise in exports was below a 47.3 % forecast from the Dow Jones survey , but did mark the third month of gains .
" Though the year - on - year rise in exports is exaggerated by a base effect in comparison with the collapse a year earlier , it highlights the continued solid recovery trajectory from the [ first quarter of 2009 ] lows , on the turnaround in global export demand , " said analysts at Action Economics .
" Amid ongoing sluggish domestic demand , exports remain key for sustaining recovery from the severe Japanese recession , " the analysts said .
Shipments to North America were a strong point , rising 50.2 % from February 2009 , and more than tripling Japan 's surplus with the region .
Exports to Russia also saw strong growth , rising 90.2 % year on year .
On the other side of the trade account , imports were up 29.5 % from their year - earlier level , the second consecutive rise after a period of drops .
Some of the rise was attributed to higher energy and commodity prices .
Analysts at Crédit Agricole CIB said the robust trade results may not be all good news , however , especially if the results dial down the political pressure to weaken the Japanese yen .
" Unfortunately [ the larger - than - forecast trade surplus ] is doing little to end Japan 's deflation problem , " they said .
" Even if there is less urgency for a weaker yen to boost exports , yen weakness will certainly help to reduce deflationary pressures in the economy , " the analysts said .
Many Americans find it difficult to understand why Jews on the Left -- including many who would call themselves " liberal " rather than " Left " -- continued to enthusiastically support President Obama after the revelations about the anti-Israel and anti-Jewish views of the Rev. Jeremiah Wright , the religious mentor and close friend of Obama .
This confusion is all the greater now that Obama has humiliated the prime minister of Israel and created the most tense moment in American - Israeli relations in memory .
Likewise , many Americans wonder how Democratic congressmen who claim to be faithful Catholics and are pro-life could vote for the health care bill that allows for federal funding of abortions -- after opposing it up to the last day .
There is an explanation .
Leftism , though secular , must be understood as a religion ( which is why I have begun capitalizing it ) .
The Leftist value system 's hold on its adherents is as strong as the hold Christianity , Judaism and Islam have on their adherents .
Nancy Pelosi's belief in expanding the government 's role in American life , and therefore her passion for the health care bill , is as strong as a pro-life Christian 's belief in the sanctity of the life of the unborn .
Given the religious nature and the emotional power of Leftist values , Jews and Christians on the Left often derive their values from the Left more than from their religion .
Now , of course , most Leftist Jews and Christians will counter that Leftist values cannot trump their religion 's values because Leftist values are identical to their religion 's values .
But this argument only reinforces my argument that Leftism has conquered the Christianity and the Judaism of Leftist Christians and Jews .
If there is no difference between Leftist moral values and those of Judaism or Christianity , then Christianity is little more than Leftism with " Jesus " rhetoric added , and Judaism is Leftism with Jewish terms -- such as " Tikkun Olam " ( " repairing the world " ) and " Prophetic values " -- added .
But if Christianity is , morally speaking , really Leftism , why did n't Catholics or Protestants assert these values prior to 19th - century European Leftism ?
And , if Judaism is essentially a set of Left - wing values , does that mean that the Torah and the Talmud are Leftist documents ?
Or are the two pillars of Judaism generally wrong ?
More questions :
Why are almost no Christians and Jews who believe that God is the author of the Bible ( or , in the case of Jews , the Torah ) on the Left ?
Why are so few pro-life Catholic and Protestant Christians on the Left ?
Do they not care about " the poor " ?
Of course , that is what people on the Left believe .
As former head of the Democratic Party Howard Dean said , " Our moral values , in contradistinction to the Republicans , is , we do n't think kids ought to go to bed hungry at night . "
They believe such things despite the fact that traditional Protestants and Catholics have created more institutions to take care of the sick and needy than probably any other groups in the world .
And despite the fact that religious Americans give more charity and volunteer more time than secular Americans do .
And why have the great majority of Orthodox Jews rejected the Left ?
For Jews on the Left , the explanation is simple : Orthodox Jews have primitive beliefs and therefore primitive values .
The obvious response is that for the Leftist , all opposition to the Left , secular or religious , is primitive and usually worse ( Racist , Sexist , Homophobic , Xenophobic , Ignorant , Bigoted , Intolerant , Mean - Spirited , etc. ) .
So this does n't tell us much .
What might tell us much is this :
With a handful of exceptions , Orthodox Jews know Judaism far better than non-Orthodox Jews do .
Given how few of them are Leftist , this would suggest that Judaism and Leftism are indeed in conflict .
But that does n't matter to most Jews on the Left because to be a good person ( and , to those for whom it matters , to be a good Jew ) , one need not know Judaism , let alone follow Judaism .
One needs only to feel what is right ( Leftism is overwhelmingly based on feeling ) ; and , when in doubt , one can determine what is right from The New York Times , not from sacred Jewish texts .
One of the many fundamental differences between Leftism and Judaism concerns evil .
Jews and others on the Left ( everywhere , not just in America ) have a real problem identifying , let alone confronting , evil .
Yet , for Judaism , identifying and confronting evil is as basic a Jewish value as exists .
That is why , for example , there is no pacifist tradition in Judaism .
Regarding evil , the Psalmist writes -- and this is recited in synagogue every Sabbath -- " Those who love God -- hate evil . "
And as regards pacifism , one of the Prophets , Joel ( 3:10 ) , inverts what became the much more famous quotation of Isaiah and Micah : " Beat your plowshares into swords and your pruning hooks into spears . "
And later , the Talmud , almost equivalent in importance to the Bible , teaches ( Berakhot 58a ) : " The Torah has said :
If a man comes to kill you , rise early and kill him first . "
In contrast , Leftists , including Leftist Jews and Christians :
-- were the loudest in condemning President Ronald Reagan when he labeled the Soviet Union an " evil empire . "
-- devoted much of their lives to opposing the war in Vietnam , which they labeled immoral even though it was a war against Stalinist tyranny .
-- opposed deposing the mass murderer Saddam Hussein .
Many even opposed the Gulf War .
-- believe that the moral wasteland known as the United Nations is , or must be the greatest force for good on earth , not the United States .
-- oppose allowing the American military to recruit on campuses .
And the further Left one goes , the more one demonizes free Israel and supports the dictatorships that wish to destroy Israel .
Indeed , Israel provides the clearest proof of how Leftism is stronger than the Jewishness of most Jews on the Left .
Israel is threatened with a Holocaust by Iran and tens of millions of Islamic supporters outside of Iran , and Palestinian society is saturated with the most virulent Jew - hatred since the Nazis .
Yet while today 's Jew - and Israel - haters call the Left home , Jews on the Left continue to be proud members of the Left .
Such is the power of Leftism , the most dynamic religion in the world for the last 150 years .
And that explains Bart Stupak 's vote , too .
In his inner conflict between Catholicism and Leftism , the more dynamic religion won .
Gordon Brown is a sports fanatic whose passion for Raith Rovers , the football team he has supported since childhood , is a matter of public record .
But the BBC has barred the prime minister from appearing on its Sunday night Premier League highlights programme Match of the Day 2 , saying it is too close to an election to have him on as a guest .
Downing Street asked if Brown could appear in the MOTD2 studio alongside the presenter , Adrian Chiles , and pundits , who include Lee Dixon , towards the end of last year .
The prime minister 's advisors wanted him to talk about England 's bid for the 2018 World Cup , but after taking advice , the show 's production team declined .
A BBC spokeswoman said : " We made the judgment it would n't be appropriate in the run-up to the election " .
The BBC must adhere to strict guidelines about impartiality in the months before a general election , giving equal airtime to representatives of the main political parties .
Brown 's appearance was part of a No 10 campaign to soften his image in recent months by encouraging him to extend his media appearances beyond the news bulletins .
Brown 's confessional ITV1 interview with Piers Morgan last month was regarded as a success by his advisers .
Tony Blair was the first prime minister to appear regularly on TV outside news and current affairs programmes , agreeing to be a guest on ITV's This Morning on several occasions .
That approach has since been aped by the Conservative leader , David Cameron , who regularly appears on breakfast TV and has given ITV unprecedented access to his private life for a Sir Trevor McDonald documentary to be shown on Sunday .
In November 2005 , Blair was a guest on Football Focus , BBC1's Saturday lunchtime show .
A BBC insider said Football Focus is regarded as a lifestyle show with a wide range of guests and pointed out it is highly unusual for anyone who is not a pundit to be invited on Match of the Day or its Sunday spin - off show .
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
( This guest post previously appeared at the author 's blog )
I ’ve long argued that most valuation metrics are fraught with pitfalls that the average investor too often falls for .
What is often described as “ value ” is too often a bloated price divided by some analyst ’s guesstimate .
The myth of “ value ” and the dream of becoming the next Warren Buffett ( see the many myths of Warren Buffett here ) has resulted in untold stock market losses over the decades and / or misconceptions of adding “ value ” to a portfolio that most likely does n’t outperform a correlating index fund after taxes and fees .
Nonetheless , the PE ratio and other faulty valuation metrics remain one of the primary sources of investment strategists , stock pickers and market researchers .
While I am no fan of valuation metrics , I do happen to be a student and believer of mean reversion .
In an effort to attach a “ value ” to this market I ’ve used an old Jeremy Grantham tool to see where we are today .
Grantham is a big believer in the cycle of corporate profits and specifically profit margins .
As regular readers know , one of the primary reasons why we have been bullish ahead of the past 5 earnings seasons was due to the expansion in corporate margins and very low analyst expectations .
Analysts became extremely negative in Q4 2008 and severely underestimated the pace at which companies were able to cut costs and support the bottom line .
This stabilization in corporate margins set the table for the massive rally in stocks as profits continued to expand at a far faster pace than anyone expected .
Corporate margins are extremely cyclical .
As companies expand their businesses and revenues grow they are able to better manage their costs , hire personnel , etc .
But if the economy weakens for any number of reasons revenues will contract , costs will remain high and margins will ultimately contract .
Businesses are then forced to cut costs in order to salvage profits .
In other words , margins are constantly expanding and contracting with the business cycle around the mean .
Over the last 50 years corporate profit margins ( corporate profits / GDP ) have averaged 9.5 % .
If we multiply GDP by the average margin growth we can create a long - term trend of what corporate profits should look like .
We can then compare actual corporate profits to this result in an effort to see whether corporate profits are overheated or not .
The results follow :
The latest reading shows that the market is slightly overvalued ( by 5.5 % ) based on the sustainability of corporate profits .
Unfortunately , mean reversion tends to overshoot in both directions so while the market is technically overvalued according to this metric it ’s important to understand and respect the fact that margins are likely to continue expanding as the economy stabilizes .
This could result in even greater market overvaluation ( as we saw in 2006 & 2007 ) .
Of course , this is no silver bullet in terms of valuation metrics , but does provide us with a realistic perspective of where profits are and whether the market is currently overheated or not in terms of profit sustainability .
In addition , it takes the analyst ’s guesstimates and irrational market price action out of the equation .
So while this by no means says that the market is due to correct or crash it does confirm one thing – the boom / bust cycle that the Fed has created is alive and well and we could very well be in the midst of another extreme overshoot to the upside in terms of profits and the sustainability of margins .
And when margins begin to contract the market will surely bust again .
Wax on .
Wax off .
Read more market commentary at The Pragmatic Capitalist >
These two programs — compiled with Microsoft Visual C++ and run on a 32 - bit Intel Core Duo processor — demonstrate an anomaly that occurs when using single - precision floating point variables :
Program 1
#include " stdio.h " int main ( void ) { float f1 = 0.1f , f2 = 3.0f , f3 ; f3 = f1 * f2 ; if ( f3 != f1 * f2 ) printf ( " Not equal
" ) ; }
Prints “ Not equal ” .
Program 2
#include " stdio.h " int main ( void ) { float f1 = 0.7f , f2 = 10.0f , f3 ; int i1 , i2 ; f3 = f1 * f2 ; i1 = ( int ) f3 ; i2 = ( int ) ( f1 * f2 ) ; if ( i1 != i 2 ) printf ( " Not equal
" ) ; }
Prints “ Not equal ” .
In each case , f3 and f1 * f2 differ .
But why ?
I ’ll explain what ’s going on .
( This article was inspired by this question and several related questions on stackoverflow.com . )
Analyzing Program 1
Program 1 compares two floating point values for equality — something conventional wisdom says not to do .
But why should that rule apply in this case ?
We ’re just checking that a variable holds the value we just gave it .
How could it not ?
The root of the “ problem ” is this : the compiler generates instructions that do floating - point calculations in extended precision .
Whereas floats are 4 bytes long and have 24 significant bits of precision , extended precision values — which are stored in registers on the floating point stack — are 10 bytes long and have 64 bits of precision .
Computing f3
Using my function fp2 bin , I printed the binary values of the three floating point variables in the computation :
f1 = 0.000110011001100110011001101
f2 = 11
f3 = 0.010011001100110011001101
The value of f3 is only an approximation to f1 * f2 .
To understand why , let ’s calculate the true value of f1 * f2 ; that is , let ’s calculate it by hand , using binary multiplication :
0.000110011001100110011001101 x 11
-----------------------------
110011001100110011001101 110011001100110011001101
-------------------------------
0.010011001100110011001100111
( You can also compute this with my binary calculator . )
So f1 * f2 = 0.010011001100110011001100111 .
It fits comfortably within extended precision .
But to assign it to f3 — a float — it must be rounded .
f1 * f2 has 26 significant bits , but a float holds only 24 .
Rounding it to the nearest 24 bit value makes it 0.010011001100110011001101 .
The assembler code generated by the compiler confirms what we ’re seeing :
f3 = f1 * f2 ; 0041130B fld dword ptr [ f1 ] 0041130E fmul dword ptr [ f2 ] 00411311 fstp dword ptr [ f3 ]
f1 * f2 is computed in extended precision — enough bits to hold its true value — but that extra precision is lost when stored in f3 .
Comparing f3 and f1 * f2
The answer is in the assembler code , so let ’s get right to it :
if ( f3 != f1 * f2 ) 00411314 fld dword ptr [ f1 ] 00411317 fmul dword ptr [ f2 ] 0041131A fld dword ptr [ f3 ] 0041131D fucompp
Again , f1 * f2 is computed in extended precision , but this time its true value is retained — it is left on the stack .
f3 is then loaded onto the stack ( of course it still has only 24 bits of precision , even though it ’s been “ promoted ” to extended precision ) .
The two values on top of the stack are then compared .
Clearly , they differ .
Analyzing Program 2
Program 2 “ fails ” for the same reason as program 1 , except that the “ error ” is magnified by the conversion of f3 and f1 * f2 to integers : the integer part of f3 is 7 , and the integer part of f1 * f2 is 6 .
Computing i1
The binary values of the three floating point variables in the computation are :
f1 = 0.101100110011001100110011
f2 = 1010
f3 = 111
The value of f3 is an integer .
To understand why , let ’s calculate the true value of f1 * f2 :
0.101100110011001100110011 x 1010 -------------------------- 0 101100110011001100110011 0 101100110011001100110011
----------------------------
110.11111111111111111111111
So f1 * f2 = 110.11111111111111111111111 .
To assign it to f3 it must be rounded .
f1 * f2 has 26 significant bits , and rounding it to the nearest 24 bit value makes it 111 , or 7 decimal .
Clearly , this means i1 will be 7 as well .
Here ’s the assembler code :
f3 = f1 * f2 ; 0041130B fld dword ptr [ f1 ] 0041130E fmul dword ptr [ f2 ] 00411311 fstp dword ptr [ f3 ] i1 = ( int ) f3 ; 00411314 fld dword ptr [ f3 ] 00411317 call @ ILT+155( __ftol2_sse ) ( 4110A0h ) || || \/ --- f:\dd\vctools\crt_bld\SELF_X86\crt\prebuild\tran\i386\ftol2.asm 00411600 cmp dword ptr [ ___sse2_available ( 416554h ) ] ,0 00411607 je _ftol2 ( 411636h ) 00411609 push ebp 0041160A mov ebp , esp 0041160C sub esp,8 0041160 F and esp,0FFFFFFF8h 00411612 fstp qword ptr [ esp ] 00411615 cvttsd2si eax , mmword ptr [ esp ] 0041161A leave 0041161B ret
Computing i2
Here ’s the assembler code for computing i2 :
i2 = ( int ) ( f1 * f2 ) ; 0041131 F fld dword ptr [ f1 ] 00411322 fmul dword ptr [ f2 ] 00411325 call @ ILT+155( __ftol2_sse ) ( 4110A0h ) || || \/ --- f:\dd\vctools\crt_bld\SELF_X86\crt\prebuild\tran\i386\ftol2.asm 00411600 cmp dword ptr [ ___sse2_available ( 416554h ) ] ,0 00411607 je _ftol2 ( 411636h ) 00411609 push ebp 0041160A mov ebp , esp 0041160C sub esp,8 0041160 F and esp,0FFFFFFF8h 00411612 fstp qword ptr [ esp ] 00411615 cvttsd2si eax , mmword ptr [ esp ] 0041161A leave 0041161B ret
The interesting thing in the calculation of i2 is that f1 * f2 is stored in a double before being cast to an integer ( see the highlighted fstp instruction ) .
f1 * f2 in double precision is 110.11111111111111111111111 ; that is , its true 26 bit value .
Casting this to an integer results in 110 , or decimal 6 .
If the compiler had stored f1 * f2 in a float and used the cvttss2si instruction instead , the answer would have been 7 — just like in the first calculation .
Discussion
In program 2 , it would appear that single - precision is more accurate than extended precision .
After all , forcing the value into a float gives the expected answer .
This is just a happy coincidence .
Two losses of precision — the conversion of 0.7 to floating - point and the rounding up of the product — have effectively canceled each other out .
Behavior Depends on the Processor and How It Is Used
This anomaly may not occur on your machine .
It depends on your processor , and in particular , the instructions used and the mode that it ’s in .
My example programs were compiled into Intel x87 FPU instructions , and ran with the x87 precision control field set to 53 - bits .
( I said above that my programs were using extended precision ; technically they were n’t , but double precision is sufficient to make them “ fail ” .
The true values of f1 * f2 are less than 53 bits . )
Intel processors can also do floating point using SSE ( Streaming SIMD Extensions ) instructions .
I recompiled my programs using the Visual C++ compiler options / arch : SSE ( single - precision floating - point ) and / arch : SSE2 ( double - precision floating - point ) .
For the SSE option , there was no change ; the compiler , at its discretion , still decided to generate x87 instructions .
( See the comment below about the Mac ’s use of SSE instructions making the anomaly disappear . )
Recompiling with / arch : SSE2
I got different assembler code , but the same output ; here ’s the assembler code for program 1 :
f3 = f1 * f2 ; 00411313 cvtss2sd xmm0 , dword ptr [ f1 ] 00411318 cvtss2sd xmm1 , dword ptr [ f2 ] 0041131D mulsd xmm0 , xmm1 00411321 cvtsd2ss xmm0 , xmm0 00411325 movss dword ptr [ f3 ] , xmm0 if ( f3 != f1 * f2 ) 0041132A cvtss2sd xmm0 , dword ptr [ f1 ] 0041132 F cvtss2sd xmm1 , dword ptr [ f2 ] 00411334 mulsd xmm0 , xmm1 00411338 cvtss2sd xmm1 , dword ptr [ f3 ] 0041133D ucomisd xmm1,xmm0
The SSE double - precision instructions are used .
f3 — single precision — is compared to the double - precision intermediate result f1 * f2 , resulting in a mismatch .
Please Try it Out
If you have access to a different compiler or processor , please try these programs out .
Let me know what you find !
The Message
You ca n’t count on floats being handled as single precision values ; they can be processed in double or extended precision , as dictated by your compiler and CPU .
( I have written a companion article called “ When Doubles Do n’t Behave Like Doubles ” . )
Huang is the most senior judge to have been removed from office in China
A Chinese court has sentenced a former Supreme Court judge to life in prison for taking bribes and other corruption charges , state - run media have reported .
Huang Songyou is the most senior judge to have been convicted in China on such charges , Chinese media have said .
He was convicted of accepting 3.9 m yuan ( $ 570,000 ; £ 348,000 ) in bribes while he was deputy head of the Supreme Court .
He has been thrown out of the Communist Party and will not be allowed to hold public office again .
Huang was also convicted of embezzling 1.2 m yuan in government funds in 1997 when he was president of a lower - level court in the southern province of Guangdong .
Hefty sum
He confessed to the charges after he was removed from his position on the Supreme People 's Court in 2008 .
His property had been confiscated , the official Xinhua news agency said .
" Huang knowingly violated the law by trading power for money and taking a hefty sum of bribes , which has produced a bad impact on society , and should be punished severely , " Xinhua quoted the court verdict as saying .
China has launched an anti-corruption drive , targeting top officials - but Huang , 52 , is the most senior judicial figure to fall since the Communist Party took power in 1949 , a Supreme Court official told Xinhua .
Courts in China are theoretically independent , but are tightly controlled by the Communist Party , correspondents say .
Peugeot B1 K Bicycle Concept |
Since its invention , the bicycle really has n’t changed much .
Its basic components remain the same– a pair of wheels , a crank - driven drivetrain , a frame , a seat and some handlebars .
The components themselves have evolved , but the basic song has gone unchanged .
The design team at Peugeot Bikes , however , have created a bike concept so alien to our eyes that change may be on the horizion .
The Peugeot B1K Bicycle Concept takes on the traditional bike format by adding a chain - free drivetrain , removing the down tube and giving it a fierce new design that is as progressive as they come .
The Peugeot B1K Bike Concept is a carbon - constructed race bike built for the track or the urban pavement .
The rider ’s torso is angled downward toward the pavement ahead , reducing drag and providing improvements in weight balance and power transfer .
The chainless drivetrain looks amazing , but details on its efficiency have not been revealed .
The lack of a down tube on the frame leads to questions about its rigidity , as the bike may flex during use .
Any racer will tell you– as light as a feather and as stiff as a board , the better .
But the design itself leads us to give Peugeot the benefit of any doubt , as this design is easily the sexiest we ’ve seen yet in 2010 , and high up in the running ( er , riding ) for 2009 . [ via bikerumor ]
Gay uncles command a vital role in evolution , a surprising new Canadian study reveals .
Dr. Paul Vasey , an evolutionary psychologist at the University of Lethbridge , based his findings on repeated study of the “ third gender ” fa’afafine in Samoa – men who live as women and are universally accepted in the island ’s culture .
Fa’afafine are far more likely to care for and help their nieces and nephews than heterosexual men and women , the study found .
But the same nurturing , altruistic behaviour was n’t there for children who were n’t relatives .
“ No one was more surprised than I was .
I was so skeptical , the next year I went back and did the exact study over again with different participants .
I got exactly the same results , ” said Vasey in an interview Monday .
“ You ’re gobsmacked . ”
The “ highly statistically significant ” results , based on interviews with nearly 300 people each time , uncovered not only a strong will to help nieces and nephews but a far lower interest than other people in helping Samoan children they were n’t related to .
Vasey described it as their tendency to be more avuncular – uncle - like .
To connect this behaviour to evolution , they would have to be “ super uncles , ” allowing their female relatives to produce lots of children .
Vasey intends to test for that next , but has found clear evidence of the “ female fecundity ” theory : that the female relatives of gay men produce more children .
That theory , verified in Italian research , says that the androphilia gene – the gene for attraction to men – appears in men and women in one family .
In men , it produces homosexuality .
In women , it produces greater fertility , balancing out evolution .
Do the two theories fit together and do they hold outside of the collectivist Samoan culture ?
In Samoa , fa’afafine are “ very tolerated and very respected , ” said Vasey .
“ In order for an androphilic male to be avuncular , he has to be in a culture that does n’t discriminate against him , ” said Vasey .
“ The right cultural factors have to be in place .
But it might not all be just cultural .
“ There may be a pre-disposition for androphilic males to be more altruistic to their families .
Fa’afafine have significantly higher childhood separation anxiety .
The same research in Canada shows gay men have significantly higher separation anxiety .
“ So the childhood attachment is the same but the adult attachment , in Canada , is different .
In order to develop that adult expression , you need the appropriate environment . ”
Which , in lay terms , means : “ If society is really freaking out around them , gay men are n’t going to make those same contributions to their family , ” said Vasey .
Vasey ’s research , with graduate student Doug VanderLaan , is reported in the journal Psychological Science .
Edit : added cabal install information .
Thanks Slaava !
This is the first post in a new series , aimed at wxHaskell beginners .
I did not write the code in this post .
It was written by Fernando Benavides especially for this blog , and I ’m extremely grateful for his help .
The code is BSD3 licensed and under his copyright .
You can fetch it as a cabal package ( update : cabal install wxhnotepad ) , which is the best way to follow this tutorial .
The fact that Fernando wrote the code means that in case of any disagreement between my commentary and the code , you should believe the code 🙂
I should also mention that Fernando is the author of λpage , which he describes as a Haskell scrapbook – you can think of it as a GUI - based and more featureful GHCi .
It has several neat features : Hayoo integration and the ability to determine the kind of types are two stand - outs for me .
I enjoyed checking it out , and find myself using it quite often .
See what you think .
The first step in the tutorial is just about the most minimal wxHaskell application imaginable : a text editor without the ability to load or save text , no search and no replace .
It ’s a good start though , and in the next few posts it will develop into a usable notepad replacement .
Fernando has written the code in a particularly neat way – there are actually six versions of the editor , and you can call any of them from the main launcher screen .
We ’ll start with the launcher , since it is the main module for the program .
The Launcher
There are two libraries which make up wxHaskell :
WXCore , a fairly thin wrapper around wxWidgets ( the C++ library which does most of the rendering ) .
The functions in WXCore tend to require a style of programming similar to C++ , although we at least benefit from Haskell type inference when using them .
WX , a higher - level library which enables a more declarative style of programming .
As a general rule , you will probably want to use WX functions whenever possible and drop down to WXCore when WX does not do what you need .
You will actually need to do this relatively often , as there are quite a few useful features in WXCore which do not have equivalents in WX .
At the top of any wxHaskell program , you will almost certainly want to import WXCore and WX , so :
> module Main where > > import Graphics .UI.WX > import Graphics .UI.WXCore > > import Step1 > import Step2 > import Step3 > import Step4 > import Step5 > import Step6
Like every other Haskell program , wxHaskell applications start with main .
In this case we have a very simple main program , but in a more complex application you might have come command line option handling , configuration file handling or similar .
However , the essential part of a wxHaskell application is a call to start with a sequence of IO actions which make up the GUI logic of your program .
For wxHaskell application programming , that ’s all you really need to know about start - up , but for the curious ( or those who have done some wxWidgets programming in C++ ) , what is happening under the hood is that start creates an instance of a wxHaskell application class derived from wxApp and this instance uses the closure represented by gui in the implementation of wxApp::onInit ( ) .
> main :: IO ( ) > main = start gui
The launcher is very simple .
It consists of a Frame which has a menu and nothing else .
Any wxHaskell application requires a top level container window .
This is almost always a Frame , although it is possible to use a Dialog as a container if you have a very simple form - type GUI in mind .
If you want a menu , you will definitely need a Frame , and we want a menu .
It is worth a closer look at how the Frame is created and configured , since this is a model for creating many windows and controls in wxHaskell .
The wxHaskell documentation for frame says that is has type frame :: [ Prop ( Frame ( ) ) ] -> IO ( Frame ( ) ) , and that it creates a top level frame window .
What does this [ Prop ( Frame ( ) ) ] mean ?
Well , wxHaskell has a mechanism which lets you perform much of the configuration of the different window and widget types in a declarative fashion by setting ( or reading back ) Attributes .
This is much nicer than mucking about with lots of individual functions , and tends to create code which is clear and easy to understand .
The precise meaning of [ Prop ( Frame ( ) ) ] is that you may provide a list of Properties which are applicable to a Frame .
Most of these properties have been grouped into typeclasses , and the documentation usually indicates which are supported by a given type ( the usually here should be taken to say that if you try this for Frame , you will be disappointed to find out that the documentation does n’t mention this at all … )
The text attribute is typically used to manipulate some form of meaningful text in a control .
In the case of a Frame it sets the text in the window frame ; in the case of a static text or text control it sets the text in the control .
The visible attribute is supported by most controls – it determines whether the control is visible or not .
The on attribute is more interesting .
It is typically followed by an event name , and the pair is used to configure an event handler .
Thus , the short snippet of code below creates a Frame with the caption “ wxhNotepad ” , which is initially invisible and which calls a function , wxcAppExit when the Frame closing event is fired .
One other point of note : the set function can be used to set or change the properties of a window or control which has already been created ( there is a related get function for reading values back as well ) .
In this case we could have put the closing event handler into the property list we used when creating the frame , but in some cases ( e.g. when you need to know the control identity to configure things correctly ) , you will need to use this
two ( or more ) phase approach .
> gui :: IO ( ) > gui = > do > win <- frame [ text := " wxhNotepad " , visible := False ] > set win [ on closing := wxcAppExit ]
The say function is a convenience for launching a small information dialog box .
> let say title desc = infoDialog win title desc
The main purpose of the launcher is to support the menu which lets you use the editor in each of its stages of development .
There are a couple of ways of creating a menu ( we ’ll see the lower - level way later ) .
The simplest is to use menuPane to create a menu heading ( e.g. ‘ File ’ ) , menuItem to create an item in a menu ( e.g. ‘ Open ’ ) and menuBar to set the menu for a frame .
There are convenience functions for certain menu entries , notably the ‘ Help ’ , ‘ About ’ and ‘ Quit ’ menu items , as these may require special handling on certain OS platforms , and using the convenience function ensures that you do this in the way expected on each OS .
It is worth quickly noting that for menu items , the text property is used for the menu text .
Notice also that menu shortcuts and accelerators can be defined in the menu text itself .
The wxWidgets documentation for wxMenu : : Append ( ) describes this format in detail .
> mnuSteps <- menuPane [ text := " Steps " ] > menuItem mnuSteps [ on command := step1 , > text := " Step &1 - Just a Text Field\tCtrl - 1 " ] > menuItem mnuSteps [ on command := step2 , > text := " Step &2 - Open / Save / Save As...\tCtrl - 2 " ] > menuItem mnuSteps [ on command := step3 , > text := " Step &3 - Undo / Redo...\tCtrl - 3 " ] > menuItem mnuSteps [ on command := step4 , > text := " Step &4 - Cut / Copy / Paste...\tCtrl - 4 " ] > menuItem mnuSteps [ on command := step5 , > text := " Step &5 - Find / Replace ...\tCtrl - 5 " ] > menuItem mnuSteps [ on command := step6 , > text := " Step &6 - Toolbar / Statusbar / Context Menus\tCtrl - 6 " ] > menuQuit mnuSteps [ on command := wxcAppExit ] > > mnuHelp <- menuHelp [ ] > menuAbout mnuHelp [ on command := say " About wxHNotepad " > " Author : Fernando Brujo Benavides
Website : http://github.com/elbrujohalcon/wxhnotepad " ]
Once we have created a menu , it needs to be assigned to our Frame , and this is done with the menuBar property mentioned earlier .
Notice that the menuBar takes a list of menuPane instances .
We finally make the Frame visible .
There ’s a neat trick to note here : what we are trying to do is to create a Frame which contains nothing but a menu .
This is no problem on OSX , but Windows and Linux do n’t really support it .
However , if you set the clientSize property of the Frame to ( 0,0 ) then you get much the same effect .
> set win [ menuBar := [ mnuSteps , mnuHelp ] , > visible := True , clientSize := sz 0 0 ]
Text editor : step 1
This is the absolutely minimal , first stage text editor .
It consists of nothing more than a text control inside a Frame .
No menu .
No dialogs and no real functionality .
Perhaps the only aspect of interest is to note that
it is easy to make a wxHaskell application with more than one Frame , should you wish to .
Since this is the second time we have mentioned clientSize , it is probably worth a moment to explain what this means .
There are several different ways to look at the size of a window .
Two of the
most important are :
clientSize
The size available for displaying information inside a window – i.e. if the clientSize is ( 640 , 480 ) , this means that there are 640 x 480 ( width x height ) pixels available for displaying information .
Borders , window decorations and so on take up additional space .
virtualSize
The size which would be needed to display all of the information contained in the window .
Often the clientSize and virtualSize are the same , but if there is more information in the window than can be displayed fully ( i.e. if you need a scroll bar ) then the clientSize will be smaller than the virtualSize .
There is one new call in the snippet below : textCtrl constructs a text control .
As parameters it requires a parent window ( which in this case will be the Frame , win ) and a list of properties .
All non top - level windows require their parent as a parameter , since wxWidgets keeps windows in a hierarchy rooted at the top - level .
> step1 = > do > win <- frame [ text := " wxhNotepad - Step 1 " , visible := False ] > > editor <- textCtrl win [ font := fontFixed , > text :=
" This is our first step in the " ++ > " developing of our text editor .
" ++ >
" Just a big text area where " ++ > " the user can read and write text
" ++ >
" That 's not much , but it 's just the " ++ > " beginning ... " ]
In the following snippet , we use the Layout mechanism to help us to fit our textCtrl inside the frame .
Layout is a conceptually elegant mechanism which allows you to describe the way in which the windows in an application are arranged and organized in a declarative manner .
The reality is that some aspects of the way that Layout works are rather complex and subtle ( so much so that Layout will probably be the subject of a blog article or two of its own in the near future ) , but in this demonstration , Layout will work very well for us .
I ’d just ask that you do n’t get discouraged if you have issues with more complex arrangements of controls using Layout .
Layout is specified using the layout property .
It consists of a sequence of combinator functions which must ultimately resolve to a Attr w Layout type .
For the moment , we just need to know that :
widget requires a control as a parameter .
It indicates how the specified control should be placed in the Layout .
fill is a Layout transformer which indicates that the Layout to which it is applied should stretch and expand into the available area .
The documentation for Layout will give a better feel for what is happening , if you would like to understand more , but please bear in mind that this is a fairly complex subject , since what Layout is actually doing is to create sizer instances from the Layout specification , and sizers are a fairly large subject in themselves .
> set win [ layout := fill $ widget editor , > clientSize := sz 640 480 ] > > focusOn editor > > set win [ visible := True ]
The Zentraedi Do Not Approve of Urban Climbing
While the Zentradei are an alien race of warriors under the
Image by Kath B via Flickr
If we are going to survive the never ending snow this Febraury we are going to need to find some way to enjoy all of this fluffy white stuff .
If snowshoeing and cross country skiing are n’t your thing , then this might do the trick – a big snowball fight .
We ca n’t let Washington , DC have all of the fun ( check out this video from the Washington Post of the snowball fight at Dupont Square ) .
From the great folks who have organized Santarchy and the Pittsburgh Pillow Fight Club is an invitation for a snowball fight with silly hats :
Snowmagedeon !!!
Snow Ball Battle !
What : Snowmagedeon !!!
Snow Ball Battle ! + Silly Hats !
Image by zokuga via Flickr When : Saturday , February 27 , 2010 12:00 PM
Where : Schenley Park , at Flagstaff Hill , Pittsburgh , PA 15213 COST : FREE !!!
One minor non-obligation :
Wear a silly / funny hat !
Facebook
Event – please feel free to invite your friends to attend too !
A Cacaophony Society Event ( same people who brought you Santarchy , Pillow Fight and Clown Bus ! )
Might as well have some fun with all this snow .
Show up at Schenley Park on Flagstaff Hill by the Gazebo ( across from Phipps Conservatory ) .
And at High Noon start blasting snowballs at each other !
Lets see how many people we can get for this !!!
At HIGH NOON , you ’ll hear a whistle and just start throwing snow !
Then after we ’re all exhausted we can build a giant snow man or do what every you want ( sledding , snow sculpture or anything else ) .
Dress Warm , good gloves and if you can wear a silly but warm hat ;-) .
Adult and kid friendly EVENT !
Have fun !
Be Safe and Enjoy !
For a head of government to visit the White House and not pose for photographers is rare .
For a key ally to be left to his own devices while the President withdraws to have dinner in private was , until this week , unheard of .
Yet that is how Benjamin Netanyahu was treated by President Obama on Tuesday night , according to Israeli reports on a trip viewed in Jerusalem as a humiliation .
After failing to extract a written promise of concessions on settlements , Obama walked out of his meeting with Netanyahu but invited him to stay at the White House , consult with advisers and “ let me know if there is anything new ” , a U.S. congressman , who spoke to the Prime Minister , said .
“ It was awful , ” the congressman said .
One Israeli newspaper called the meeting “ a hazing in stages ” , poisoned by such mistrust that the Israeli delegation eventually left rather than risk being eavesdropped on a White House telephone line .
Another said that the Prime Minister had received “ the treatment reserved for the President of Equatorial Guinea ” .
Left to talk among themselves Netanyahu and his aides retreated to the Roosevelt Room .
He spent a further half - hour with Obama and extended his stay for a day of emergency talks to try to restart peace negotiations .
However , he left last night with no official statement from either side .
He returned to Israel yesterday isolated after what Israeli media have called a White House ambush for which he is largely to blame .
Sources said that Netanyahu failed to impress Obama with a flow chart purporting to show that he was not responsible for the timing of announcements of new settlement projects in east Jerusalem .
Obama was said to be livid when such an announcement derailed the visit to Israel by Joe Biden , the Vice - President , this month and his anger towards Israel does not appear to have cooled .
More On This ...
Robert Gibbs , the White House press secretary , cast doubt on minor details in Israeli accounts of the meeting but did not deny claims that it amounted to a dressing down for the Prime Minister , whose refusal to freeze settlements is seen in Washington as the main barrier to resuming peace talks .
Continue reading at The Times of London
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd is still cold on the idea of a Senate probe into the Church of Scientology , but has left the door open for possible support for another kind of inquiry .
Independent Senator Nick Xenophon has vowed to make a third push for a Senate inquiry into the Church after last year airing allegations made by ex-members of coerced abortions , criminal activity and abuse .
But both major parties will not support the inquiry , saying the Senate is not the right place to examine criminal allegations .
Mr Rudd has told Channel 7 he still has deep concerns about alleged mistreatment of members but is not convinced a Senate inquiry should go ahead .
" We 've got to be very careful about using parliamentary forums to air potentially criminal charges or criminal allegations , " he said .
" Let me take some further advice on the separation between general concerns about the Church of Scientology - many of which I deeply share - and on the other hand , allegations of criminality ... which are properly left with law enforcement authorities .
" If that 's capable of some separation , maybe . "
Senator Xenophon has told ABC2 he thinks the Government 's position is moving .
" I think that there is a shift in the mood and the language and I 'll be working on that in the Parliamentary break , " he said .
" Whether there are other options in terms of an independent inquiry , that could be a way forward .
" I still think the the best way forward is to have a Senate inquiry . "
The Church has welcomed the news there will be no inquiry for now , saying anyone with allegations of criminal behaviour should go to the police .
Let ’s be honest .
No one wants to have their trip of a lifetime cut short because they ’ve run out of money .
You might think you ’ve got it all sorted out , everything budgeted down to the very last cent , but what if you need emergency cash when you ’re abroad ?
What if your wallet and cards are stolen ?
Or what if you …
Palestinian hairdresser Nael al - Rais at his salon for women in Gaza City
The announcement of recent restrictions to stop male hairdressers from cutting women's hair in the Gaza Strip appears to be the latest step by the ruling Islamist group , Hamas , to impose more conservative Islamic customs there .
But how far are these measures enforced ?
Five middle - class Palestinian women in Gaza City discuss how life has changed in Gaza since Hamas won elections in January 2006 - and later seized control in June 2007 .
Najla Shawa , 29
There are five male hairdressers for women in Gaza - and I 've been going to one of them for years .
I saw him the other day and he said : " Yes , I 'm still here , it 's my job ! "
He was laughing about it , because he and the others are all still working .
But it makes me feel sad .
Last summer there were several " policies " which were never quite realised .
I have n't felt any direct pressure on attitudes against women since Hamas took over
There was a ruling that female lawyers should cover their hair when acting in civil courts .
But after people complained , it was dropped .
I think this thing against male hairdressers will be the same .
Since Hamas took over I have n't felt any direct pressure on attitudes against women .
I still wear the same clothes , I do n't wear the veil , I go to places with men and women .
Perhaps the general atmosphere is becoming more religious and conservative .
My view is that the top level of Hamas wants a balance .
But there are people with more extreme views in the lower levels , people who do n't like the idea of women even leaving the house .
There may not be many of them now , but the numbers will increase unless conditions in Gaza improve .
Economic pressures have been building on both men and women for a long time .
The closure of Gaza creates the perfect conditions for breeding an extremist mentality .
I am not optimistic about the coming generation , unless Gaza opens up .
Hana Afana , 24 , trainee maths teacher Life for woman really has n't changed much under Hamas .
In my opinion the main problem that women in Gaza face is because of the closure .
The economic situation affected women in that they were trying to find work , or ways to help support their family , so a woman has to go out and find a job , and that means leaving her home and children .
I do n't think it 's absolutely true that Hamas is imposing a religious code .
In some areas of Gaza , I see women go out without a scarf , and even in jeans .
They do not get harassed by Hamas - even in some cases they actually ask for help from Hamas officers on the street - if they have problem with a man harassing them or something .
I do n't think Hamas imposed long dresses in schools , though maybe some of the schools imposed them themselves .
I have seen the wearing of the niqab [ full face veil ] increase a lot , but I do n't think that is to do with Hamas - it 's just the reality of the society , women are doing it on their own more and more .
I fully support the hijab [ headscarf ] .
It 's our religion .
A woman is more safe , and more comfortable , when she is covered when she leaves her home .
I wear it because I want to wear it because , I 'm convinced about it .
I would support it very much if Hamas would encourage it - as a Muslim I feel it's my duty to advise women to cover , because it 's tradition , it 's religion .
But in the end it's her choice , it should not be imposed on her by force .
Nour , 24 The biggest problem I see is unemployment .
However much you improve yourself , you need to belong to a certain political group to get work .
We heard that girls would have to wear a long wide dress instead of their school uniform , but nothing has changed
I graduated in 2007 but I am between jobs at the moment .
Many graduates are unemployed .
This has a lot to do with Israel 's closure of Gaza .
In other ways , I 'd say nothing has changed , although rumours do surface .
The most recent one was that the [ Hamas ] authorities would create a team of women who would patrol the streets to check what women were wearing .
We heard women dressed in trousers would be stopped and be asked to change their clothes .
We started to be afraid of going out in the street .
But actually , nothing like that has happened at all .
It was the same with school girls ' uniforms .
We heard that girls would be told they would have to wear a long wide dress instead of their skirts and shirts .
That was supposed to be happening this year , but the school opened with girls still in the same uniform .
Mona Ahmad al - Shawa , 36 Mona runs the women 's unit at the Palestinian Centre for Human Rights .
The siege of Gaza , which Israeli tightened when Hamas took control in June 2007 , makes women 's lives much more complicated .
Since the war , Hamas has ruled that a widow can keep her children if she does n't remarry - this is an improvement
There are shortages of water , electricity and cooking gas .
It is very difficult to leave Gaza for medical treatment .
And after the war in Gaza last year , things got worse because many women lost their husbands .
Women lost lives too , of course .
You can't imagine how hard it is to be a disabled woman in this society .
Or a widow .
Our Sharia law means that a widowed woman will lose custody of her children when a boy reaches nine years old and a girl 11 .
Since the war , Hamas has ruled that a widow can keep her children if she does n't remarry .
This is an improvement .
Women 's priorities in Gaza are focused on practical matters - a home , clean water and electricity .
Finer points of human rights are not top of the list .
We have many problems with the Hamas authority , but we are not in a big fight with them about women .
People in Gaza feel they are in a big prison , they feel have no choices in life .
Conditions change according to the political situation .
When the first intifada started in 1987 most women covered up , because people could speak badly of you , or throw stones if you went uncovered in the streets .
It is not as bad as that now .
Jihad Rostom , 21 , translator Life in Gaza for women is all a bit harder than it should be , not only because of the internal Fatah - Hamas conflict , but because of everything , the siege , the war .
When it comes to the rules , such as Hamas making girls wear long dresses in school , or forbidding wearing trousers , it did n't last very long .
People here did n't accept it because this is personal freedom .
Even some men in Gaza refused .
I wear whatever I want to wear .
I do wear a headscarf because I want to , and I wear trousers and skirts according to my mood , though in some places I get weird looks - they 're not used to seeing a woman or a girl wearing trousers .
Hamas want to force themselves onto the people .
They want the people to submit to them , this is their cover .
They destroyed the reputation of Islam , by saying we 're doing this because it is religion .
This is how they won the elections .
My friends and I were discussing the other day , how it goes back to old traditions , that women are n't allowed to speak out loud .
No matter how high they get in the community , they 're not really allowed to make the calls , to be the ones in charge .
Also , it 's harder for women , for example , who want to travel abroad to pursue their education , because of this thing that " she 's a woman , she can't go alone " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
INTERNET service provider iiNet has won a major legal battle over whether it should be held responsible for its customers downloading content illegally .
The case , against the Australian Federation Against Copyright
Theft , could have had major implications for the way internet providers police their users .
If AFACT had won , providers would likely have been forced to penalise or disconnect users who illegally downloaded copyrighted material such as movies and songs .
However Federal Court judge Justice Dennis Cowdroy today found iiNet was not responsible for the infringements of its users .
" It is impossible to conclude that iiNet has authorised copyright infringement ... ( it ) did not have relevant power to prevent infringements occurring , " Justice Cowdroy said in his judgment .
Justice Cowdroy recommended the application be dismissed and that AFACT pay the court costs .
In a statement released shortly after the decision , iiNet welcomed the ruling .
" This case has been important , not just for iiNet , but the entire internet industry , " it said .
" We do not , and never have supported , encouraged or authorised illegal sharing or downloading of files in breach of the copyright laws . "
AFACT hit back by saying the ruling hinged on a technicality .
" We believe this decision was based on a technical finding centred on the court ’s interpretation of the how infringement ’s occur and ( iiNet 's ) ability to control them , " said executive director Neil Gane .
" We are confident that the Government does not intend a policy outcome where rampant copyright infringement is allowed to continue unaddressed and unabated via the iiNet network . "
Mr Gane said AFACT would review the decision before deciding how to proceed .
It is expected to appeal the decision in the High Court .
AFACT was representing in the case a group of movie and TV studios including Village Roadshow , Universal , Warner Bros , Paramount , Sony Pictures and the Seven Network .
The D.A.R.E. program helps prevent drug use in elementary , middle , and high school students .
According to the US Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration ( SAMHSA ) , participants in the D.A.R.E. program report lower alcohol , tobacco , and marijuana use than students who did not receive the program .
40 % of participants who used alcohol at the beginning of the program reported reductions in alcohol use after receiving the curriculum , and 32 % reported discontinuation of alcohol use altogether .
Studies of D.A.R.E. by the Research Triangle Institute and in the Journal of the National Medical Association found that D.A.R.E. graduates are five times less likely to initiate smoking compared with non-D.A.R.E. control groups , and report lower levels of tobacco use in 5th and 6th graders in the one to two years following program graduation .
A 2010 peer - reviewed evaluation of graduates from D.A.R.E's " Take Charge of Your Life " curriculum by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation found that students who had used marijuana by the 7th grade were significantly less likely to use marijuana by 11th grade , compared with students in the control group .
D.A.R.E. improves decision making and attitudes toward drug use .
Peer - reviewed studies show that D.A.R.E. has beneficial effects on student knowledge of drugs , attitudes about drug use , social skills , decision - making skills , attitudes toward the police , and normative beliefs about the prevalence of drug use by peers .
A 2002 study from the University of Akron concluded that overall decision - making skills for D.A.R.E. graduates were 6 % higher than for students that did not enroll or graduate , including those that received other forms of prevention education .
D.A.R.E. graduates showed a 19 % reduction in perceptions that their peers were using drugs and that such drug use was acceptable .
According to SAMHSA , assessments of D.A.R.E. graduates 8 and 14 months after graduation show lower expectation of positive consequences of drug use , lower personal acceptance of drug use 2 and 8 months after graduation , and greater use of intervention strategies to turn down an offer to use drugs 2 , 8 , and 14 months after graduation .
D.A.R.E. improves social interaction between police officers , students , and schools .
Results from a 2008 peer - reviewed study indicate that students who are taught by a police officer during the D.A.R.E. program have more positive attitudes toward the police following graduation .
Schools have reported D.A.R.E. officers as providing a " sense of safety and calm " in the wake of school shootings and street violence .
According to a school official in Colorado , " police are often looked at as the bad guy , or the one that 's going to come in and get you for being a bad guy , and I think that D.A.R.E. provides an opportunity for our young kids particularly to find out that officers can be a resource for protection , for answers for some questions , for direction and for care . "
Police officers report that D.A.R.E. has made them " seem more human in the eyes of children in the community . "
D.A.R.E. is popular with kids and parents .
A 2007 survey showed 95 % of 5,376 kids surveyed felt the program helped them " decide against using drugs in the future " and 99 % of 3,095 parents surveyed showed " very positive support " for D.A.R.E. and felt their children " benefited from the program . "
Students who enroll in D.A.R.E. have better attendance in the classroom .
A 2010 peer - reviewed study on the D.A.R.E. program found that students were more likely to attend school on days they received D.A.R.E. lessons .
D.A.R.E. is certified as an " evidence - based substance abuse prevention program " by the US Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration ( SAMHSA ) .
Since Dec. 2006 , the " Keepin ' It REAL " curriculum ( which D.A.R.E. adopted in 2009 ) has made SAMHSA 's list of evidence - based drug use prevention programs .
SAMHSA concludes that " no adverse effects , concerns , or unintended consequences were identified " with the program , and finds that D.A.R.E. is scientifically proven to improve four different student outcomes : alcohol , cigarette , and marijuana use ; anti-substance use attitudes ; normative beliefs about substance use ; and substance use resistance .
D.A.R.E is the most prevalent school - based substance abuse prevention program in the United States .
D.A.R.E. administers a school - based substance - abuse prevention and decision - making program in 75 % of US schools districts and in 43 countries ( as of 2013 ) .
As of 2009 , the program had trained over 50,000 police officers to teach its program every year to 36 million K - 12 students worldwide and 26 million in the US alone .
Every US President since 1988 has declared one day each year to be National D.A.R.E. day .
D.A.R.E. has great goals that should be pursued regardless of cost or efficacy .
If D.A.R.E. can prevent even one child from becoming addicted to drugs or dying from a drug overdose then it is worth funding .
The D.A.R.E. program does not help prevent drug use in elementary , middle , or high school students .
A 2004 meta-analysis of 11 peer - reviewed studies concluded D.A.R.E. is " ineffective " at preventing drug use in students and D.A.R.E. graduates " are indistinguishable from students who do not participate in the program . "
A 2011 study of all meta-studies of D.A.R.E found the program to be " ineffective in reducing illicit drug use among youths , especially in the long term . "
A national study funded by the US Department of Justice concluded that D.A.R.E. has " small effects on drug use , " and is " significantly " less successful at preventing drug use than other programs .
The Government Accountability Office concluded that the program had " no statistically significant long - term effect on youth illicit drug use , " and the US Surgeon General cited D.A.R.E. as an " ineffective primary drug prevention program . "
Studies evaluating the original D.A.R.E. curriculum , through D.A.R.E.'s
" Take Charge of Your Life " curriculum , through the present " Keepin ' It REAL " program , overwhelmingly conclude that D.A.R.E. does not prevent drug use .
D.A.R.E. is associated with increased drug use .
A peer - reviewed , six - year study of D.A.R.E. from 1989 to 1996 concluded that suburban students who participated in D.A.R.E. reported a 3 % - 5 % higher rate of drug use than suburban students who did not participate .
Suburban students reported higher use of alcohol in the previous 30 - days , higher lifetime alcohol use , higher 30 - day total drug use ( including marijuana , hallucinogens , cocaine , and smokeless tobacco ) , and higher lifetime total drug use .
A 2009 peer - reviewed study of graduates from D.A.R.E's " Take Charge of Your Life " curriculum found a 3 - 4 % increase in alcohol and cigarette use among 11th grade students who were not using either substance by seventh grade ( at the beginning of the study ) compared to those who never enrolled .
D.A.R.E. graduates do not show any long - term increase in knowledge of drugs , attitudes about drug use , social skills , or attitudes toward the police .
According to a peer - reviewed meta-study , any of these short - term positive effects of the D.A.R.E. program disappear " typically within 1 to 2 years , " and " the effect on drug use behaviors ( measured in numerous ways ) are extremely rare and when identified are small in size and dissipate quickly . "
D.A.R.E. causes kids to ignore legitimate information about the relative harms of drugs .
Kids eventually ignore the D.A.R.E. program 's zero - tolerance message when they see friends or family members using drugs such as alcohol , marijuana , or tobacco without any immediately adverse consequences .
This causes kids to ignore genuinely useful information about the relative harms of different drugs .
D.A.R.E. is a " potentially harmful therapy " that violates the Hippocratic Oath .
Scott O. Lilienfeld , PhD , Professor of Psychology at Emory University , states in the peer - reviewed journal Perspectives on Psychological Science that D.A.R.E. may increase intake of alcohol and other drugs , making it a " potentially harmful therapy ( PHT ) . "
D.A.R.E. " overestimates the number of children and adolescents who engage in drug abuse , " and normalizes the use of substances like alcohol because of an " excessive focus on severe substances " such as cocaine and heroin .
The program therefore violates the physician and psychologists 's Hippocratic Oath to " do no harm . "
Students respond negatively to the D.A.R.E. program .
A survey of D.A.R.E. by the California Department of Education found that 40 % of students told researchers they were " not at all " influenced by D.A.R.E. , and nearly 70 % reported neutral to negative feelings about those leading the program .
33 % of middle school students and 90 % of high school students reported " negative " or " indifferent " feelings towards D.A.R.E. Students reported that the D.A.R.E. message is repeated so often at school that the concept has lost its meaning and becomes tedious .
D.A.R.E. lures parents into a false sense of security about their kids ' drug use .
Some parents become less involved with the education of their child in drug abuse awareness because they believe D.A.R.E. is doing it for them .
According to Lance Miles , former fifth - grade teacher whose students took D.A.R.E. classes weekly : " A lot of parents are n't doing their jobs , and we 're left to do that job [ at school ] , telling them things they ought to be taught about at home ...
There 's only so much that teachers and police officers can do before parents must take over . "
The number of schools partnering with D.A.R.E. has steadily declined and revenues have fallen year after year , proving that teachers and administrators do not believe it works .
According to a 2012 study , about 60 % of school districts have eliminated D.A.R.E. since the mid-2000s in the 32 states where data were available .
D.A.R.E.'s 2011 annual report showed total revenues around $ 3.7 million , down from $ 9.7 million in 2000 .
Google says it will not comply with China 's internet censorship laws China 's state media has attacked Google for having what it said were " intricate ties " with the US government .
Google provides US intelligence agencies with a record of its search engine results , the state - run news agency Xinhua said .
It also accused Google of trying to change Chinese society by imposing American values on it .
Google denied that it was influenced by the US government , a spokesperson for the company was quoted as saying by AP .
" Google 's high - level officials have intricate ties with the US government .
It is also an open secret that some security experts in the Pentagon are from Google " , reporters from Xinhua wrote in a commentary .
The attack comes as Google prepares to announce whether it will pull out of China because of internet censorship there .
" The decision to review our business in China was entirely Google 's and Google 's alone , Google spokeswoman Jessica Powell told AP news agency Google 's market share lags behind that of China 's most popular search engine , Baidu , but China has more people online than any other country .
Censorship laws
Xinhua said China 's internet regulations would remain unchanged whether Google left or not .
" One company 's ambition to change China 's internet rules will only prove to be ridiculous " , Xinhua said .
Google announced in January that it would no longer comply with China 's internet censorship laws .
It warned that it may shut down google .cn because of censorship and a hacking attack on the portal .
Google began operations in China in 2006 to widespread criticism .
While many argued Google was complicit in the censorship imposed by Chinese government , Google insisted it was nevertheless serving the public interest even though it was furnishing censored results .
Relations between China and Google cooled in January after what Google described as a sophisticated cyber attack in which the webmail accounts of Chinese human rights activists were targeted .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This site has moved to :
… you will be redirected in a few seconds
By Coming Soon ABC has released two cool new promo photos featuring the “ Lost ” cast in a recreation of Leonardo da Vinci ’s “ The Last Supper . ”
Do you see any clues ?
You can click on both to view larger versions !
The sixth and final season of “ Lost ” premieres on Tuesday , February 2nd .
SHARE TWEET
The U.S. Treasury recently started a " Government 2.0 " project at http://opentreasury.ideascale.com
so :
PLEASE VOTE FOR THE TREASURY CONSUMERS BILL OF RIGHTS
You have to give the Treasury your zip code to vote it up , for reasons that I do n't understand .
Please retweet / repost / etc. to save the economy which , is , sadly , still on the brink .
The text of the Bill follows .
The News of the World and the Sun are now backing the Tories The News of the World is backing the Conservatives in the general election , after 13 years of Labour support .
Britain 's best - selling Sunday newspaper said the Tories were the best hope for a " brighter , saner , safer ... future " .
Its sister paper , The Sun , announced it was switching sides in September .
The polls suggest the Conservatives ' lead over Labour has narrowed recently .
Gordon Brown and David Cameron rallied activists at events on Saturday ahead of the election expected on 6 May .
' Fresh vigour '
The News of the World said the country was crying out for change and Tory leader David Cameron must by given the chance to rule , saying the modernised Tories could be a " force for good " .
But it added that Mr Cameron still had much to spell out and prove .
The Scottish edition of the newspaper has not endorsed any political party for the general election .
I completely accept that a lot of people still have n't made up their minds and still need to be convinced
David Cameron
A poll by ICM for the News of the World suggests the Conservatives had slightly extended their lead over Labour after last week 's Budget - but not by enough to win an outright majority in the Commons .
The poll of 1,003 adults , taken on 24 and 25 March , puts the Conservatives on 39 % , Labour on 31 % and the Lib Dems on 19 % .
However a YouGov survey for the Sunday Times suggested Labour had narrowed the gap - it put the Conservatives on 37 % , Labour on 32 % and the Lib Dems on 19 % .
You Gov interviewed 1,533 voters online on 25 and 26 March .
' More detail ' Mr Cameron told the BBC's Politics Show : " It 's going to be a very exciting 40 days that we have to go between now and the election , I completely accept that a lot of people still have n't made up their minds and still need to be convinced but I think the opportunity of change is there and I hope people will grab it . "
In an interview on BBC One 's Andrew Marr programme , Conservative frontbencher Michael Gove acknowledged that voters wanted " more detail " of his party 's plans , which he said would be set out before the election .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He said shadow chancellor George Osborne had already spelt out " the fact that there will have to be public spending restraint - in plain English , cuts " - including a rise in the state pension age and removing tax credits for some .
And he said polls suggested " there has been a bigger swing towards us in the marginals than elsewhere " .
For Labour , Schools Secretary Ed Balls told the same programme there would be " tough decisions in some areas but police , NHS , schools , childcare , 16 - 19 [ education ] , we 're going to have protection there - rising spending from a Labour government . "
Hung parliament
He said the government would raise national insurance and the top rate of tax , which were " difficult decisions which the Conservatives want to reverse " .
Asked whether he would be ready to team up with the Liberal Democrats in the event of a hung parliament , Mr Balls said : " Nobody wants to have coalitions and hung parliaments , that is n't the British way of doing things , and we do n't tend to have them usually .
" And they can tend to lead to really fudged and muddled decision - making .
What I want to see is a Labour majority , that 's what I 'm campaigning hard for .
Posters attacking Gordon Brown will go up in England and Wales from Monday " But look , if it comes to that , what we 'll need is people who are ready to go round the table and talk tough and say let 's make the difficult decisions . "
On Saturday , Prime Minister Gordon Brown rallied Labour activists at an event in Nottingham , where he unveiled five key election pledges and told them Labour was the " people 's party " .
He has not officially announced the election date but it is widely expected to be held on 6 May - and must be held by 3 June .
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg dismissed the pledges as " vacuous " adding : " Between them Labour and the Conservatives have failed to come up with a single specific positive reason to vote for them . "
Mr Cameron told his own activists on Saturday they had " 40 days and 40 nights " to make the Conservatives ' case to the country and said of the election : " We are ready to fight it whenever he is ready to call it . "
His comments come ahead of a new Conservative advertising campaign , in which Gordon Brown comes under attack .
From Monday , posters featuring close - up images of the prime minister grinning , alongside negative claims about his record in office , will go up at 850 sites in England and Wales Slogans will include : " I took billions from pensions - vote for me " and " I let 80,000 criminals out early - vote for me " .
The campaign , created by M&C Saatchi , follows earlier posters with close - up shots of David Cameron , which led to accusations of airbrushing by Labour .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
One of the region 's largest employers is narrowing the qualifications for prospective workers by requiring future employees to be nicotine free .
announced today that only workers who test negative in nicotine screenings before employment will be hired beginning May 1 .
Prospective employees who test positive will have the opportunity to retest in six months , according to a news release from the hospital .
St. Luke 's officials claim they will be the only employer in the region with such a policy .
In a statement released by the hospital , Senior Vice President of Human Resources Bob Zimmel says a healthier workplace , lower medical costs and better productivity are behind the " bold move . "
The approximately 7,000 workers already employed at the hospital will not be affected by the new policy , officials say , though a smoking cessation program is available for smokers looking to quit .
The news release notes that Pennsylvania is only one of 20 states in the country where non-nicotine hiring policies are considered legal .
The Pretender : Part Two
Step on magical blocks to change form and use your special powers to bring all of the ghosts to the portal .
You can only guide one ghost at a time .
In addition to voting for candidates , those who participated in the Texas Republican primary earlier this week were also asked to vote on five questions that had been approved by the State Republican Executive Committee .
As the Republican Party of Texas explained it , these were “ critical issues ” and the resolutions , though non-binding , were “ the party ’s way of guaging [ sic ] support for issues , and for informing voters and elected officials where the party ’s grassroots stand on the issues . ”
In addition to questions about taxes and government growth was this one :
Ballot Proposition # 4 : Public Acknowledgement of God
The use of the word “ God ” , prayers , and the Ten Commandments should be allowed at public gatherings and public educational institutions , as well as be permitted on government buildings and property .
Guess what the result was ?
With the new acrylic sides and flashy paint job , I went on a whim decision and thought I would try my hand at engraving acrylic for the first time .
Most people seem to use their rotary tool , but I just so happen to have a pencil engraver at my disposal from my dad .
Honestly I think it was much easier to use than my Dremel would have been , the Dremel seems to have a " walk " to it , where as the engraver was a little more precise at staying in one spot .
I can't say I was 100 % happy with how it turned out , but it really did not turn out too bad .
It was my first attempt , and I went for the gusto without even trying on a practice piece .
I originally downloaded the Yahoo logo and started modifying in paint to get out the word " YaHooka ! " , but after a few blunders it struck me to do a quick search online for " yahoo font ' on google .
Low and behold , there is a Yahoo font .
After downloading and installing the font , I printed the image backwards so that I could lay the printout under my acrylic , and trace the image with my engraver .
Also , leftover from a previous project of updating an old heavy dresser of mine , I had two of these nice brushed handles leftover .
My dresser had six drawer 's , the handles came in packs of four , so I had two left over which made perfect handles for carrying to a LAN party .
Installation is as simple as measuring an equal distance for placement on top of the case , then drilling with a 1/ 4 " drill bit .
I used some appropriate sized bolts and washers from the old hardware bin .
It may be a hard notion to accept after a week that has seen the nation paralysed by snow and ice .
Nevertheless , meteorologists are adamant that our world is still getting warmer .
Indeed , many now believe that 2010 may turn out to be the hottest year on record .
Britain may be shivering , the Met Office may have issued emergency weather warnings for the entire country and hundreds of trains and flights may have been cancelled , but our future is destined to be a hot and sticky one .
And we are likely to feel the consequences sooner rather than later .
It is a point stressed by Doug Smith , a climate expert at the Met Office .
" The hottest year on record was 1998 and some people have argued that if global warming is really taking place , we should have had an even warmer year since then .
We have n't , I admit .
And yes , the weather is absolutely terrible at present .
However , I am sure things will change – and we wo n't have to wait long either . "
Smith and other meteorologists say that for the past few years , temperatures have been prevented from soaring even higher than they did in 1998 thanks to one key factor : the El Niño warming of the Pacific .
This phenomenon occurs at irregular intervals of between two and seven years and can last for months , pumping vast amounts of heat into the atmosphere .
A strong El Niño occurred in 1998 and played a key role in heating the world to a record - breaking level .
( El Niño is Spanish for " the boy " , a reference to the birth of Christ , which relates to the fact that this warming period typically begins around Christmas . )
In recent years , however , the Pacific has cooled thanks to a corresponding ocean phenomenon , known as La Niña ( Spanish for " the girl " ) .
It depresses sea surface temperatures and has played a key role in limiting global warming since the turn of the century .
As a result , global temperatures have been prevented from rising above their 1998 record level .
That cooling has now stopped , however , and a new El Niño warming period has just started in the Pacific .
" If that keeps up for the next few months , it will result in a great deal of heat being pumped into the atmosphere , " added Smith .
" The signs are that it will .
If so , our computer models indicate that this year is more likely than not to be the hottest on record .
Even if it is n't , I am quite sure a record breaker will still occur in the next few years . "
The headlines then will look very different from the " Britain in deep freeze " variety that have appeared over the past few days , though we should note a key caveat here .
Soaring global temperatures do not guarantee hot weather for Britain .
We may still get a poor summer , but that does not mean the world is not continuing to heat up , a point ignored by most climate - change deniers .
In fact , there is a world of difference between the British weather at any given time and the inexorable shift that is taking place in the climate of the planet , as Peter Inness , a Reading University meteorologist , makes clear .
" Britain covers only a very small part of the globe .
It takes up less than one thousandth of the world 's surface .
The temperature here is almost irrelevant when considering the issue of global climate change . "
It is a point that should be kept in mind as councils struggle to grit roads , cars and vans slither on the ice , exams are disrupted , and farmers battle to get food to their animals .
Yes , we are feeling the cold but many other parts of the world are having no such problem , as Richard Betts , head of climate impact at the Met Office , argues .
" It is true that Britain is having a spell of extremely cold weather , as is much of northern Europe and the United States .
But at the same time , Canada and the Mediterranean region are having unusually warm weather for the time of year .
We should n't get so absorbed with what is going on in our backyard . "
This argument is also made by Inness – though rather more forcibly .
" I think it is really stupid to say that the current cold weather proves that climate change is not happening .
Climate refers to changes in the weather patterns over a 20 - to 40 - year period .
What is happening in Britain at present represents little more than a point on a graph . "
This takes us to the heart of the matter .
Meteorologists may make errors with specific long - range forecasts .
( This winter was more likely to be mild than severe , they thought . )
There is no doubt about the overall trend .
Each year , humanity pumps billions of tonnes of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere .
The inevitable result will be global warming and major , catastrophic climate change .
It is a bit like playing Pooh sticks , says Betts .
" When you throw sticks off a bridge , you know they will all be swept downstream .
You just do n't know which one will move the fastest .
It is the same with climate and the weather .
We know the world is warming inexorably but we cannot say specifically which year is going to be the warmest .
We can only indicate what are the general prospects of getting a record - breaking year .
And despite the horrible weather at present , it is quite possible that we will get one this year . "
It was started with Linus ' announcement :
Hello everybody out there using minix - I 'm doing a ( free ) operating system ( just a hobby , wo n't be big and professional like gnu ) for 386 ( 486 ) AT clones .
This has been brewing since april , and is starting to get ready .
I 'd like any feedback on things people like / dislike in minix , as my OS resembles it somewhat ( same physical layout of the file - system ( due to practical reasons ) among other things ) .
I 've currently ported bash ( 1.08 ) and gcc ( 1.40 ) , and things seem to work .
This implies that I 'll get something practical within a few months , and I 'd like to know what features most people would want .
Any suggestions are welcome , but I wo n't promise I 'll implement them Linus ( PS .
Yes - it ’s free of any minix code , and it has a multi - threaded fs .
It is NOT portable ( uses 386 task switching etc. ) , and it probably never will support anything other than AT - harddisks , as that ’s all I have :-(. ”
And today it ’s timeline is shown at 2003x2841 image …
Click on the image for a larger version ..
src= " http://pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/show_ads.js " >
I ’ve hung out with a lot of hipsters .
I ’m certainly not one of them , but I enjoy their company and they seem to enjoy mine .
While I ’m no hipster anthropologist , I have noticed some similarities and differences between East Coast and West Coast hipsters .
I give you – the Hipster Venn Diagram * :
Common hipster traits :
All hipsters I ’ve encountered have the 3 Bs – Beards , Beer , and Bicycles ( many at the same time ) .
In Richmond , hipsters rule the bike scene , while in Seattle , road warriors who commute via bike compete with hipsters for pavement .
Tattoos are also a key marking of a hipster in both locales .
Seattle hipsters :
I ’ve had to get up close and personal with a few hipsters , and I was surprised how clean they smelled despite their rugged appearance .
I ’m not talking just clean , I ’m talking Old Spice Body Wash - clean .
I ca n’t say the same for Richmond hipsters ( unfortunately .
guys , take a shower ! )
My first day of work I saw a guy wearing an inappropriate t- shirt of unicorns ( not family friendly ) .
In Richmond , the coolest t- shirt I saw was an old - school TMNT – just does n’t compare .
Richmond hipsters :
Cut - off jeans are the signature uniform for Richmond hipsters .
I ’ve even seen cutoff cords , cutoff khakis , and cut - off cut - offs .
Have n’t seen them so far in Seattle , but summer is around the corner .
Hardcore is central to the Richmond hipster scene .
The music scene in Seattle is so much more broad ( given that it ’s a much larger city ) , there is n’t as much emphasis on hardcore .
* – do n’t mean stereotype or to offend any hipsters – just my general observations .
There certainly are some Richmond hipsters who shower more than once per week .
Smart Stylus zum Schreiben , Zeichnen und Skizzieren für Windows Ink
Der digitale Stift Bamboo Ink Plus und seine raffinierten , intuitiven Funktionen geben deiner Kreativität auf dem Bildschirm einen neuen Schub .
Anmerkungen , Zeichnungen oder Skizzen – in Windows
Ink hältst du deine Ideen ganz natürlich wie auf Papier fest .
Mrs Merkel insists
Greece must first put its own finances in order German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said she wants the eurozone to be able to exclude one of its members in future if it is necessary to avert a crisis .
Mrs Merkel told the German Bundestag ( parliament ) that existing EU rules were not strong enough to deal with the current crisis triggered by Greece .
Exclusion from the 16 - nation eurozone would be a " last resort " , she added .
Greece 's prime minister said later that there was " zero possibility " of his country leaving the eurozone .
Germany , seen as the driving force of the euro system , is reluctant to bail out Greece 's debt - laden economy .
But Mrs Merkel said no eurozone country would be left on its own to deal with the current crisis .
Greece 's budget deficit - four times higher than EU rules allow - has raised fears of possible contagion in the eurozone .
' Zero possibility ' Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou rejected the idea that his country would be forced out of the single currency .
GREEK FINANCIAL CRISIS Deficit : 12.7 % of output , four times higher than EU limit Debt : 300bn euros ( £ 275bn ; $ 410 bn ) Unemployment : 10 % Inflation : 2.8 %
Blog : Dancing around Greece Q&A : Greece 's economic woes Why Greece 's problems matter " Certainly there is zero possibility of [ Greece ] leaving the eurozone , " he said after talks with the president of the European Commission , Jose Manuel Barroso .
He added that he expected European finance ministers to approve an aid programme for Greece at discussions planned for next week .
But Mr Papandreou said other options , including taking money from the IMF , would remain open .
German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble has raised the possibility of creating a European Monetary Fund , modelled on the International Monetary Fund , to enable the EU to tackle similar crises in future .
Mrs Merkel said that " in the future we need an entry in the [ EU ] treaty that would make it possible , as a last resort , to exclude a country from the eurozone if the conditions are not fulfilled again and again over the long term " .
She said measures were needed to ensure the eurozone 's long - term stability .
" The euro is facing the strongest challenge it has ever had to cope with ...
A quick act of solidarity is definitely not the right answer . "
The BBC's European affairs correspondent , Oana Lungescu , says Germany is prepared to think the unthinkable to safeguard Europe 's single currency .
After talks in Brussels on Tuesday the EU finance ministers agreed how to help Greece in its battle to control its finances .
They revealed few details , but ruled out any loan guarantees .
Their leader , Luxembourg Prime Minister Jean - Claude Juncker , said the plan was to plug gaps that might emerge in Greece 's austerity drive .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A New Jersey man has been charged with first - degree murder for allegedly throwing his 3 - month - old daughter off a bridge into the Raritan River .
Her body has not been found .
A warrant complaint filed in Middlesex County Superior Court alleges that on Feb. 16 , Shamsid - Din Abdur - Raheem , 21 , of Galloway Township , parked his Dodge Caravan on the Driscoll Bridge and pushed or threw his daughter , Zara Malani - Lin Abdur - Raheem , through the front passenger side window and into the icy river .
Last week he pleaded not guilty to kidnapping , endangering the welfare of a child , aggravated assault and attempted murder .
Police say he attacked his daughter 's maternal grandmother and ripped the child from her arms before driving away .
He 's being held on $ 2 million bail in addition the $ 700,000 bail from the earlier charges .
The Newark Star - Ledger has more .
( Posted by Michael Winter )
The university , which has ratio of male and female students as 25:1 , gave each female student a blank card , asking them to write their wish and post onto a special " wish wall " .
Jim Hoffer
ABC 7 News
March 3 , 2010
NEW YORK ( WABC ) —
An Eyewitness News investigation talks to a police officer who reveals the pressure they are under to make quotas .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
Officer Polanco says One Police Plaza ’s obsession with keeping crime stats down has gotten out of control .
He claims Precinct Commanders relentlessly pressure cops on the street to make more arrests , and give out more summonses , all to show headquarters they have a tight grip on their neighborhoods .
“ They have to meet a quota .
One arrest and twenty summonses , ” said Officer Polanco .
“ At the end of the night you have to come back with something .
You have to write somebody , you have to arrest somebody , even if the crime is not committed , the number ’s there .
So our choice is to come up with the number , ” said Officer Polanco .
READ FULL ARTICLE
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
To recreate the faces of our early ancestors , some of whom have been extinct for millions of years , sculptor John Gurche dissected the heads of modern humans and apes , mapping patterns of soft tissue and bone .
He used this information to fill out the features of the fossils .
Each sculpture starts with the cast of a fossilized skull ; Gurche then adds layers of clay muscle , fat and skin .
Seven of his finished hominid busts will be featured at the National Museum of Natural History ’s David H. Koch Hall of Human Origins , which opens March 17 .
They are perhaps the best - researched renderings of their kind .
Gurche , a “ paleo- artist , ” even molds the hominids ’ eyes out of acrylic plastic , eschewing pre-fabricated versions .
“ If you want the eyes to be the window to the soul , ” Gurche says , “ you have to make them with some depth . ”
The sculpture above is of Lucy ’s species , Australopithecus afarensis , which walked the earth roughly three million years ago .
“ They still have small brains , ape - sized , very projecting faces , very flat noses , ” Gurche notes .
But below the neck , A. afarensis exhibited some human traits and could walk on two feet .
Robert Wright on culture , politics and world affairs .
Are you anti-Israel ?
If you fear that , deep down , you might be , I have important news .
The recent tension between Israel and the United States led various commentators to identify hallmarks of anti-Israelism , and these may be of diagnostic value .
As you ’ll see , my own view is that they are n’t of much value , but I ’ll leave it for you to judge .
Symptom no .
1 : Believing that Israel should n’t build more settlements in East Jerusalem .
President Obama holds this belief , and that seems to be the reason that Gary Bauer , who sought the Republican presidential nomination in 2000 , deems Obama ’s administration “ the most anti-Israel administration in U.S. history . ”
Bauer notes that the East Jerusalem settlements are “ entirely within the city of Jerusalem ” and that Jerusalem is “ the capital of Israel . ”
That ’s artful wording , but it does n’t change the fact that East Jerusalem , far from being part of “ the capital of Israel , ” is n’t even part of Israel .
East Jerusalem lies beyond Israel ’s internationally recognized , pre-1967 borders .
And the common assertion that Israel “ annexed ” East Jerusalem has roughly the same legal significance as my announcing that I ’ve annexed my neighbor ’s backyard .
In 1980 the United Nations explicitly rejected Israel ’s claim to possess East Jerusalem .
And the United States , which normally vetoes U.N. resolutions that Israel finds threatening , chose not to do so in this case .
By never criticizing Israel , we ’ll all be “ pro-Israel . ”
And that ’s a good thing , right ?
In short , accepting Gary Bauer ’s idea of what it means to be anti-Israel seems to involve being anti-truth .
So I do n’t accept it .
( And if you ’re tempted to accept the common claim that Israel is building only in “ traditionally Jewish ” parts of East Jerusalem , a good antidote is this piece by Lara Friedman and Daniel Seidemann , published on Foreign Policy Magazine ’s excellent new Middle East Channel . )
Symptom no .
2 : Thinking that some of Israel ’s policies , and America ’s perceived support of them , might endanger American troops in Iraq and Afghanistan ( by , for example , giving Jihadist recruiters rhetorical ammunition ) .
This concern was reportedly expressed last week by Vice President Joe Biden to Prime Minister Bibi Netanyahu .
And General David Petraeus is said to worry about the threat posed to American troops — and to America ’s whole strategic situation — by the perception of American favoritism toward Israel .
Identifying threats to American troops is part of a general ’s job , and it seems to me Petraeus could honestly conclude — without help from dark “ anti- Israel ” impulses — that some of those threats are heightened by the Israel - Palestine conflict and America ’s relationship to it .
But Max Boot , writing on Commentary ’s Web site , seems to disagree ; if Petraeus indeed holds such opinions , that ’s a sign of “ anti- Israel sentiment , ” in Boot ’s view .
Now , for a lionized American general to even hint that America ’s stance toward Israel might threaten American troops is a serious public relations problem for Boot ’s ideology .
That , presumably , is why Boot tries to show that this “ anti- Israel ” view , though attributed to Petraeus , is not in fact Petraeus ’s view .
Specifically , Boot aims to discredit journalists who attributed this quotation to Petraeus : “ The [ Israel - Palestine ] conflict foments anti-American sentiment , due to a perception of U.S. favoritism for Israel … .
Meanwhile , Al Qaeda and other militant groups exploit that anger to mobilize support . ”
Boot assures us that this passage , far from being a good guide to Petraeus ’s thinking , was just “ pulled from the 56 - page Central Command ‘ Posture Statement ’ filed by his staff with the Senate Armed Services Committee . ”
Well , I do n’t know who did the filing , but the document itself is titled “ Statement of General David H. Petraeus … Before the Senate Armed Services Committee . ”
So I ’m guessing it ’s a fair guide to his views — in which case , by Boot ’s lights , Petraeus is anti-Israel , right ?
And in which case I ’ll reject Boot ’s criterion for anti-Israelism .
Boot has an ally in Abraham Foxman , the national director of the Anti-Defamation League .
Foxman said the perspective attributed to Biden and Petraeus “ smacks of blaming Jews for everything . ”
America ’s perceived support of Israel ’s more inflammatory policies endangers American troops abroad and civilians at home .
Foxman ’s claim may seem hyperbolic , but look at it this way :
If he can convince us that blaming any Israeli policy for anything is akin to blaming Jews in general for everything , then anyone who criticizes an Israeli policy will be deemed anti-Semitic — and fear of that label will keep everyone from criticizing Israel .
And by virtue of never criticizing Israel , we ’ll all be “ pro-Israel . ”
And that ’s a good thing , right ?
Actually , it seems to me that if we were all “ pro-Israel ” in this sense , that would be bad for Israel .
If Israel ’s increasingly powerful right wing has its way , without constraint from American criticism and pressure , then Israel will keep building settlements .
And the more settlements get built — especially in East Jerusalem — the harder it will be to find a two - state deal that leaves Palestinians with much of their dignity intact .
And the less dignity intact , the less stable any two - state deal will be .
As more and more people are realizing , the only long - run alternatives to a two - state solution are : a ) a one - state solution in which an Arab majority spells the end of Israel ’s Jewish identity ; b) Israel ’s remaining a Jewish state by denying the vote to Palestinians who live in the occupied territories , a condition that would be increasingly reminiscent of apartheid ; c ) the apocalypse .
Or , as Hillary Clinton put it in addressing the American Israel Public Affairs Committee conference on Monday : “ A two - state solution is the only viable path for Israel to remain both a democracy and a Jewish state . ”
So , by my lights , being “ pro-Israel ” in the sense embraced by Bauer , Boot and Foxman — backing Israel ’s current policies , including its settlement policies — is actually anti-Israel .
It ’s also anti-America ( in the sense of ‘ bad for American security ’ ) , because Biden and Petraeus are right : America ’s perceived support of — or at least acquiescence in — Israel ’s more inflammatory policies endangers American troops abroad .
In the long run , it will also endanger American civilians at home , funneling more terrorism in their direction .
The flip side of this coin is that policies that would be truly good for Israel ( e.g. , no more settlements ) would be good for America .
In that sense , there ’s good news for Bauer and Boot and Foxman : one of their common refrains — that Israel ’s and America ’s interests are essentially aligned — is true , if for reasons they do n’t appreciate .
Sadly , the Bauer - Boot - Foxman definition of “ pro-Israel ” — supporting Israel ’s increasingly hard - line and self - destructive policies — is the official definition .
All major American newspapers , so far as I can see , use the term this way .
AIPAC is described as “ pro-Israel , ” but the left - of - AIPAC J Street is n’t , even though its members , like AIPAC ’s , favor policies they consider good for Israel .
No doubt this twisted use of “ pro-Israel , ” and the implied definition of “ anti-Israel , ” keeps many critics of Israeli policies from speaking out —
Jewish critics for fear of seeming disloyal , and non-Jewish critics for fear of seeming anti-Semitic .
So , if I ’m right , and more speaking out — more criticism of Israel ’s current policies — would actually be good for Israel , then the newspapers and other media outlets that sustain the prevailing usage of “ pro -Israel ” are , in fact , anti-Israel .
I wo n’t mention any names .
Postscript :
It has been reported that , notwithstanding accounts in Israel ’s media , Biden did not , in fact , complain to Netanyahu in private about the threat of Israel ’s policies to American troops .
Perhaps predictably , the journalist who first reported this is the Atlantic ’s Jeffrey Goldberg , who has been described by one New York Times columnist as Netanyahu ’s “ faithful stenographer . ”
I do n’t doubt that Goldberg found an administration source who downplayed Biden ’s remarks to Netanyahu ; obviously , once tensions started to subside , and the goal of both America and Israel was to smooth relations , it was n’t going to be hard to find an administration official who would do that , regardless of the truth about what Biden said .
So I attach little significance to the administration ’s revisionist account of what transpired between Biden and Netanyahu — especially given the heat the administration no doubt took over the original account of what transpired .
Update : A response from Gary Bauer , whose views I critique in this column , and my subsequent reply , can be read here .
Bauer says that Ramat Shlomo — the part of East Jerusalem where Israel ’s controversial 1,600 housing units are scheduled for construction — is “ not a settlement ” and “ not in a Palestinian neighborhood ” and “ not a neighborhood that the Palestinians have ever had any intention of taking control of ” until Obama turned it into an issue .
A useful supplement to Bauer ’s perspective is this paragraph from the piece by Lara Friedman and Daniel Seidemann that I cite ( and link to ) above : “ In 1993 , when the peace process was taking off , the settlement of Ramat Shlomo — which last week caused such a headache for Vice President Biden — did n’t exist .
The site was an empty hill in East Jerusalem ( not “ no man ’s land , ” as some have asserted ) , home only to dirt , trees and grazing goats .
It was empty because Israel expropriated the land in 1973 from the Palestinian village of Shuafat and made it off - limits to development .
Only later , with the onset of the peace process era , was the land zoned for construction and a brand - new settlement called Rehkes Shuafat ( later renamed Ramat Shlomo ) built . ”
And here is a relevant paragraph from a Jan 26 , 1994 Washington Post article ( not available online ) by David Hoffman titled “ Israel Constructing a Jewish Cordon Around Jerusalem ” : “ The Jerusalem municipal boundary was enlarged after the ’ 67 war to include Arab East Jerusalem … .
For a quarter - century , Palestinian building has been sharply restricted , while Jewish building has expanded .
Recently , the Jewish population in the annexed portion of the city surpassed the Arab population for the first time , boosted by construction of new Jewish neighborhoods there . ”
Rest of World
If your country or region is not listed below please e-mail richard@guerrillagardening.org and I will set up a specific board for you .
129 Posts
35 Topics Last post by nafogi
in Re : Serbia - Belgrade - ...
on September 18 , 2020 , 09:05:39 AM
Bulgaria 0 Posts
0 Topics
Denmark 39 Posts
18 Topics Last post by anto1046
in Guerrilla i Aarhus
on May 21 , 2014 , 12:28:03 PM
Greece 8 Posts
3 Topics Last post by psmert
in Thessaloniki
on April 24 , 2013 , 01:13:09 PM
Italy 81 Posts
37 Topics Last post by webseocreative
in Re : Bologna : aggreghiamo ...
on March 07 , 2018 , 01:32:03 PM
Norway Child Boards : Bergen 13 Posts
4 Topics Last post by Moons`dad .
in start a band ?
on September 22 , 2016 , 08:51:43 AM
Portugal 29 Posts
11 Topics Last post by ThomasL
in TV - report about guerilla ...
on January 14 , 2015 , 10:48:11 AM
Russia 7 Posts
4 Topics Last post by napoliru
in Re : Russian Expulsion
on February 16 , 2018 , 02:21:51 PM
Spain 126 Posts
32 Topics Last post by Averroes
in Re : Barcelona
on January 28 , 2014 , 03:36:40 PM
Slovenia 5 Posts
1 Topics Last post by tampopo
in Maribor , European Capita ...
on February 18 , 2014 , 05:24:18 PM
Switzerland 56 Posts
23 Topics Last post by DailyFlower
in Online - Umfrage zum Thema ...
on February 21 , 2014 , 06:34:11 PM
Turkey 8 Posts
2 Topics Last post by nenzj101
in group to action
on December 30 , 2011 , 02:00:53 PM
Africa Child Boards : Botswana , Somalia , Uganda , South Africa 18 Posts
6 Topics Last post by hannahenderby
in Research !!!
on November 11 , 2015 , 04:24:45 PM
Argentina 7 Posts
5 Topics Last post by nicolancel
in VAMOSS ACTIVAMOS GUERRIL ...
on October 11 , 2012 , 05:46:28 PM
Chile 10 Posts
4 Topics Last post by johnphall
in Honeymoon destination ?
on November 03 , 2010 , 10:18:45 PM
Colombia 5 Posts
2 Topics Last post by DIENTEDELEON
in Re : Bienvenidos
on August 26 , 2013 , 04:51:49 PM
Guatemala 0 Posts
0 Topics
Peru 5 Posts
2 Topics Last post by Alfie1990
in Re : unanse :)
on February 26 , 2010 , 03:17:26 AM
India 5 Posts
3 Topics Last post by tampopo
in Indian Facebook guerrill ...
on February 14 , 2014 , 11:51:22 PM
Malaysia 32 Posts
2 Topics Last post by linggobayu
in Re : Plant List
on October 12 , 2010 , 07:23:37 PM
Maldives 0 Posts
0 Topics
Nepal 0 Posts
0 Topics
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Three former ministers have been suspended from the Parliamentary Labour Party " for bringing it into disrepute " .
Stephen Byers , Patricia Hewitt and Geoff Hoon are under investigation over their apparent willingness to help a lobbying firm in return for cash .
They were secretly filmed by the Channel 4 programme Dispatches , but have denied any wrong - doing .
Tory leader David Cameron said people were " disgusted " and Justice Secretary Jack Straw said MPs felt " anger " .
The decision to suspend them was taken after Dispatches showed undercover footage of various politicians who were approached by a fictional US firm looking to hire them for lobbying work .
' No evidence ' A source told the BBC that the Commons Standards Committee had approved Mr Byers ' own request for an inquiry into his actions .
Parliament 's standards commissioner has also been asked to look at complaints against Mr Hoon and Ms Hewitt .
Mr Straw told BBC Radio 4 's
Today programme that Labour was carrying out its own investigation into the three former ministers .
He added that their suspension had " nothing " to do with their allegiance to former Prime Minister Tony Blair .
The fact is the last government ended with scandals like this and the current government is ending with scandals that are , frankly , worse
David Cameron , Conservatives
Cameron : Worse than 1990s Blairite anger over their actions was " as strong , if not stronger than [ among ] those in the past who were on a different wing of the party " .
Prime Minister Gordon Brown has dismissed Conservative calls for an inquiry into the alleged actions of officials and serving ministers .
Mr Straw said there was " not a shred of evidence , not a single scintilla of evidence " they had done anything wrong .
' Suckered '
But he said : " It appears that former cabinet ministers are putting making money ahead of meeting their constituents ...
" There 's anger ... and incredulity about their stupidity ... getting suckered by a sting like this . "
Labour rules allow those who bring the party into disrepute to be punished .
Mr Hoon said Mr Brown had told him his unpaid work with Nato , on the prime minister 's behalf , would now cease .
LOBBYING RULES Sitting MPs are not banned from working for corporate clients but the practice is controversial
They must declare any payment in the register of members ' interests
Any paid work taken by an ex-minister within two years of leaving office must be cleared by a panel - the Advisory Committee on Business Appointments
They are not allowed to table amendments or vote on bills in exchange for payment
They are normally banned for 12 months from becoming lobbyists in their specialist fields Labour , the Tories and the Lib Dems all say they want the rules tightened to prevent ex-ministers exploiting their contacts for private gain
Lobbying and British politicians Read Nick Robinson 's blog Reaction from across the web Send us your comments Mr Cameron , speaking at his monthly press conference , said : " Anyone who watched the Dispatches programme last night could not help but be , frankly , disgusted by what they saw .
He added : " We need a proper [ government ] inquiry into all of this . "
Chairman of the committee on standards in public life , Sir Christopher Kelly , said he had been " greatly saddened " by the Dispatches programme and " the further damage that will do to people 's perception of members of Parliament " .
He said rules banning paid - for advocacy in the Commons were " quite clear " and what was required was " proper enforcement and proper sanctions when misbehaviour occurs " .
" In all of this what 's really required is changes in behaviour , it requires a culture in which the principles of public life , selflessness , integrity and so on , are embedded in the behaviour of those who hold public office . "
Three other politicians were featured in the programme - Labour MP Margaret Moran , Labour 's Baroness Sally Morgan and Conservative MP John Butterfill .
' Cab for hire '
It is understood that Mr Butterfill has referred himself to the standards commissioner and Baroness Morgan has already referred herself to the sub- committee on Lords ' interests .
Ms Moran , already deselected by Labour as an election candidate following revelations over her expenses , has been suspended by the Parliamentary Labour Party .
Under Commons rules
MPs can work for companies , but must declare payments and may not lobby ministers directly .
Mr Byers , a former transport secretary , was filmed saying he was like a " cab for hire " who would work for up to £ 5,000 a day and claimed to have saved millions of pounds for National Express , which wanted to get out of its East Coast mainline franchise .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Transport Secretary Lord Adonis told peers on Monday there was " no truth " in claims he came to " any arrangement " , dismissing the comments as " pure fantasy " .
Mr Byers also said he had spoken to Business Secretary Lord Mandelson about getting food labelling proposals delayed , on behalf of supermarket Tesco .
The business department , Tesco and National Express denied the claims - and Mr Byers said later he had overstated his case and had never lobbied ministers .
Lord Mandelson told the BBC had had no contact with Mr Byers about food labelling and said it was " rather grubby " that the MP had made " completely untrue , unfounded boasts ... in order to get himself future business " .
Former Defence Secretary Mr Hoon was filmed by Dispatches saying he wanted to make use of his international knowledge and contacts in a way that " makes money " and that he charged £ 3,000 a day .
Mr Hoon has said he had made clear that he would not lobby government or " attempt to sell confidential or privileged information arising from my time in government " .
Ms Hewitt , a former health secretary , said she " completely rejected " the suggestion she helped obtain a key seat on a government advisory group for a client paying her £ 3,000 a day .
BBC political editor Nick Robinson said the three former ministers were not popular among Mr Brown 's team - Mr Hoon and Ms Hewitt tried to lead a coup against his leadership in January .
All three are due to stand down as MPs at the next election .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
For the first time in 14 months Israeli forces are moving against the Gaza Strip , and Israeli tanks and armored military bulldozers are advancing on the town of Khan Younis .
The latest raids on Gaza come after a deadly clash along the border , and as is often the case officials on either side are telling very different stories .
The Israelis insist that their two soldiers were killed in an ambush by Gaza militants .
Hamas , by contrast , insists that the Israeli soldiers had strayed 500 meters across the border and that their security forces only fired defensively .
Israeli military spokesman Avital Leibovich appeared to confirm this , at least in part , saying that troops routinely operate on both sides of the border “ in order to have a maximum defensive system . ”
Either way both sides lost two soldiers , and an unknown number of Palestinian civilians have been wounded in the shelling since then .
But whether this remains an exception to the relative calm between the two sides over the past year or portends a new upswing in violence remains to be seen .
Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak , for his part , vowed there would be “ ramifications ” on Hamas for the latest fighting .
Conservative cabinet member Helena Guergis has no intention of filing a lawsuit against Air Canada or its employees after details of a tantrum she threw at Charlottetown Airport emerged last month , according to her colleague John Baird .
Liberals are asking the federal government for a formal investigation and calling on Helena Guergis , right , minister of state for the status of women , to resign for her behaviour at Charlottetown Airport last month .
( ( CBC ) )
Baird 's comment came in response to a question from Liberal MP Anita Neville during Monday 's question period in the House of Commons amid speculation Guergis would resign or be removed from her portfolio over her behaviour in the Feb. 19 incident .
Speaking in the House , Neville cited a CTV report that Guergis was threatening legal action against airline employees for defamation and violating her privacy as proof she should be dismissed as minister of state for the status of women .
" Does the prime minister really believe that there is no one on his backbenches is qualified to do her job ? " asked Neville , the Liberal critic for the status of women .
Speaking for the government , Baird encouraged MPs to " move forward " and noted Guergis had already apologized in the Commons .
" The minister in question has no intention of making any lawsuit , " Baird told the House .
Guergis was not in the House for question period , but faced a barrage of questions on funding for women 's groups from Neville and other opposition MPs during her appearance before the House status of women committee later Monday afternoon .
The Liberals ' calls for an investigation and for the minister to step down come after an anonymous letter was sent to Liberal MP Wayne Easter .
The letter stated that Guergis and an aide arrived late at the airport for their flight to Montreal on Feb. 19 and became verbally abusive to staff .
During pre-boarding screening , the letter said , the MP for the southern Ontario riding of Simcoe - Grey at first refused to remove her shoes , which set off the alarm as she walked through the metal detector , then swore as she was taking them off .
In her statement late last month , Guergis apologized for speaking " emotionally " to some staff members at the airport , and admitted her behaviour was " not appropriate . "
Earlier this month , Guergis ' husband , former Tory MP Rahim Jaffer , pleaded guilty to careless driving in connection with being pulled over in Palgrave , Ont. , near Guergis ' riding last September .
Legislators Propose International Cybercrime Cooperation Laws -- With Teeth
Hatch , Gillibrand say foreign countries need ' carrots and sticks ' to learn proper cyber behavior
Two U.S. senators today proposed new legislation that would require the U.S. government to monitor the cybercrime posture of other countries and deliver assistance -- or sanctions -- to those countries based on the findings .
Senators Kirsten Gillibrand ( D - NY ) and Orrin Hatch ( R - UT ) today introduced the International Cybercrime Reporting and Cooperation Act -- a new bill designed to discourage foreign cybercrime and encourage international cooperation among cybercrime law enforcement agencies .
" If we 're going to protect our networks , our infrastructure , our economy and our families , we have to go after cyber criminals wherever they may be -- and it must be an international effort , " Sen .
Gillibrand said .
" Our new legislation will require the president to provide a global assessment , identify threats from abroad , work with other countries to crack down on their own cyber criminals , and urge the President to cut off U.S. assistance and resources for countries that refuse to take responsibility for cybersecurity , " Gillibrand explained .
" Our legislation will make America safer by getting tough on cybercrime globally , and coordinating with our partners in the international community . "
Cisco , HP , Microsoft , Symantec , PayPal , eBay , McAfee , American Express , Mastercard , Visa , and Facebook all stated publicly that they support the legislation .
The bill would require the President to annually report to Congress on the state of countries ' use of IT in critical infrastructure , the extent of cybercrime based in each country , the adequacy of each country 's cyber law enforcement systems , and countries ' protection of consumers and commerce online .
The President would also report on multilateral efforts to prevent and investigate cybercrime .
The bill would require that programs designed to combat cybercrime be prioritized to countries with low IT penetration , in order to prevent such countries from becoming future cybercrime havens .
Also , initiatives that aid in the development of critical infrastructure would be encouraged to include programs designed to combat cybercrime , " to ensure that such assistance is not inadvertently being used to build future crime havens , " the senators said .
The bill would also require the President to identify countries of cyber concern , where there is significant , credible evidence that a pattern of cybercrime against the U.S. government or private entities .
Countries that do not sufficiently address cybercrime would be identified through " investigations , prosecutions , bilateral or international cooperation , or appropriate legislation or similar measures . "
For each country of cyber concern , the President would establish an action plan with benchmarks designed to assist the government of each country to improve its capacity to combat cybercrime .
Countries of cyber concern that do not reach their benchmarks would face restrictions in financing , trade , or other assistance from the U.S. .
The bill would also require the Secretary of State to designate a senior official at the State Department to coordinate and focus on activities , policies and opportunities to combat cybercrime internationally .
" Until countries begin to take the necessary steps to fight criminals within their borders , cybercrime havens will continue to flourish , " Sen .
Hatch said .
" We do n't have the luxury to sit back and do nothing . "
Have a comment on this story ?
Please click " Discuss " below .
If you 'd like to contact Dark Reading 's editors directly , send us a message .
Tim Wilson is Editor in Chief and co-founder of Dark Reading.com , UBM Tech 's online community for information security professionals .
He is responsible for managing the site , assigning and editing content , and writing breaking news stories .
Wilson has been recognized as one ... View Full Bio
Two thick steel doors shut softly behind me .
I 'm not locked into this boxy , cell - like " quiet lab " deep in the bowels of Bristol University 's new Centre for Nanoscience and Quantum Information , but it feels like I might as well be .
A journalist could disappear here : no sound penetrates , and no one would hear my screams …
A constant stream of traffic drives past the centre , but the springs and dampers upon which this new building has been constructed ensure that very little noise , and virtually no vibration whatsoever , impinges on the finely tuned experiments on nanoparticles taking place in a series of quiet labs all along the basement corridor .
This small lab , however , is the stillest of them all : having been given the tour of the basement , I 'm now standing in the quietest room in the quietest building in the world , and I can almost hear my heart beat .
Losing all auditory references does funny things to your balance , and I lurch slightly as the double doors open to let me out .
It 's a relief to hear the faint underlying buzz that indicates life as we know it .
I 've come to meet Dr Neil Fox who 's going to tell me how sunlight shining on diamonds can generate electricity .
It 's theoretically possible , but doing it cheaply and consistently is the tricky bit .
The heat contained in the sun 's rays , clearly , comes for free , but the problem with solar power to date , explains Fox , has been the cost and logistics involved in generating usable electricity on a large scale .
Storing the sun 's power tends to be done by using its rays to heat oil or a special salt mixture to a high temperature .
This provides a store of heat that is used to drive steam turbine generators just like any conventional power station .
Although the principle is sound , the construction and operating costs of utility - scale plants are not cheap , making this kind of electrical power more expensive than nuclear , coal or gas .
Nanodiamonds ,
Fox explains , are one of the few materials that can absorb heat , and , while barely red - hot , emit thermionic electrons .
By arranging for this thermionic current to be harvested , electrical power can be generated directly .
Job done , it might seem .
Well , not quite .
" They 're not very efficient , " he explains , kindly sketching a vastly simplified picture to illustrate for me the problems currently taxing his team .
" Normally , when electrons move to the surface of a diamond particle , it 's as if they arrive at a brick wall .
But if we fix certain impurities in the diamond surface it's no longer a brick wall to all of them , more like a cliff they can fall off .
Then , because they 're heated , it 's more like they 're kicked off .
That 's great , and you 've got electricity , but we want more of them to do that . "
Various elements of what is clearly a difficult and multifaceted experiment are being worked on at any one time .
Chemists , physicists and engineers in the departments nearby are currently trying to concoct a nanodiamond material that 's stable enough to act predictably .
The potential for generating clean power cheaply and easily would be an amazing breakthrough , and it's the central reason why Fox and his research assistant , Dr Kane O'Donnell , spend much of their lives closeted in a quiet lab in the basement getting up close and personal with a shiny silver scanning probe microscope that cost their sponsor , E.ON , around half a million euros .
It looks rather like an old - fashioned diver 's helmet .
Curious , I peer through a little window into its innards .
I do n't know what I 'm expecting – given that a nanoparticle of diamond is unimaginably tiny , I 'm hardly likely to see anything sparkly , much less an emitted electron dancing around .
Images from the microscope are sent to O'Donnell 's computer : auditory and vibrational quiet is essential , he explains , to the accuracy of their results .
" There 's a similar microscope at UCL , but their lab is next to a tube line , so things can sometimes go wrong , " he says with a small grin .
" What we 're doing is probing at the atomic scale .
It 's like trying to position a needle above a particle at a distance of about an atom . "
The most infinitesimal shake can make the tiny diamond particles under scrutiny appear to jump the nano - equivalent of a continent 's width to the left or right , up or down .
To prevent this , the section of the room where the microscope sits is a solid block of concrete several metres thick , which can be suspended on jets of air to isolate it from any noise or vibration .
There are no phones in these labs , special non-buzzing lighting has been installed , and the only copper wiring permitted is that required to power the computers .
" We need to be confident that if we take a measure , it 's accurate , " says O'Donnell .
" If it 's a controversial point , our careers are on the line .
And misleading results hold up the research . "
Without this facility , adds Fox , it would n't have been worth spending half a million euros on such a super - specified instrument .
But the laboratory environment here allows his team to achieve a precision available nowhere else .
It 's rare , explains O'Donnell , for researchers in the physical sciences to be doing fundamental science and applied science in the same project , but the results of combining their brainpower could potentially make solar energy viable on a major scale .
If nanodiamonds can be manipulated to make the cost per kilowatt cheaper , conventional energy companies would be far more willing to invest in solar power .
" E.ON may well be interested because of energy - scavenging technology , " says Fox .
This is waste heat created by an industrial plant , which could be used just like the infrared heat from sunlight to make nanodiamonds emit electrons .
" An energy company might never have a solar plant , but they would dearly love to have 5 % extra capacity that they could set alongside their conventional generation model . "
But could n't you just build a massive diamond electricity - generating solar array that works solely off the sun 's clean energy ?
" Yes , you could , but the benefit of bolting it on to other forms of solar thermal energy generation is that you can use surplus or waste heat to increase the overall efficiency of the plant , making it commercially more competitive , " says Fox .
" And if any piece of equipment is going to answer the questions to make that a possibility , it 's this microscope , in this building . "
Description
At Addlefields we believe we offer the most professional property services in the UK .
We invite you to try our services so that we may demonstrate their true quality , reliability and professionalism .
Why I Am Not an Austrian Economist by Bryan Caplan Assistant Professor
Department of Economics
George Mason University
Preface
I was first introduced to Austrian economics during my senior year in high school , when I first read and enjoyed the writings of Mises and Rothbard .
The summer before I began my undergraduate work at UC Berkeley , I was able to attend the 1989 Mises Institute summer seminar at Stanford , where I met Murray Rothbard and many of the leading Austrian economists for the first time .
It is now eight years later ; I have just completed my Ph.D. in economics at Princeton , and will be joining the faculty of the economics department at George Mason in the fall .
I thus find this a natural point in my career to articulate precisely why I no longer consider myself an Austrian economist - as I certainly did eight years ago .
I do not deny that Austrian economists have made valuable contributions to economics .
Rather , as the sequel will argue , I maintain that :
(a) The effort to rebuild economics along foundations substantially different from those of modern neoclassical economics fails .
( b) Austrian economists have often misunderstood modern neoclassical economics , causing them to overstate their differences with it .
( c) Several of the most important Austrian claims are false , or at least overstated .
(d) Modern neoclassical economics has made a number of important discoveries which Austrian economists for the most part have not appreciated .
Given this , I conclude that while self - labeled Austrian economists have some valid contributions to make to economics , these are simply not distinctive enough to sustain a school of thought .
The task of developing an alternate Austrian paradigm has largely failed , producing an abundance of meta-economics ( philosophy , methodology , and history of thought ) , but few substantive results .
Whatever Austrian economists have that is worth saying should be simply be addressed to the broader economics profession , which ( in spite of itself ) remains eager for original , true , and substantive ideas .
Needless to say , I have many friends who think more highly of Austrian economics than I do .
I hope that this piece will spark interest and discussion without sparking any kind of personal acrimony .
1. Austrian Economics , what
Since there is considerable dispute about the meaning of " Austrian economics , " let me stipulate at the outset that I use the term to refer to the economics of Ludwig von Mises , Murray Rothbard , and other scholars ' work consistent with their fundamental outlook .
If any two economists ever belonged to the same " school , " Mises and Rothbard did ; and while they did have disagreements , these can be counted on one hand .
[ 1]
Thus a refutation of the one will almost always be a refutation of the other - an important point to remember , since the sequel relies more heavily on Rothbard 's defenses of Mises ' views than on Mises himself .
In most cases , Mises and Rothbard think so similarly that to provide textual support from both Rothbard and Mises would be redundant .
My equation of Austrian economics with Mises and Rothbard rather than F.A. Hayek is bound to be controversial .
The primary justification for this is simply that Mises and Rothbard clearly rejected many of the key elements of modern neoclassical economics , while Hayek did not .
If Mises and Rothbard are right , then modern neoclassical economics is wrong ; but if Hayek is right , then mainstream economics merely needs to adjust its focus .
[ 2 ]
The secondary justification is that Mises and Rothbard spent the bulk of their careers making substantive contributions to economics , while Hayek turned almost entirely to philosophy , law , and intellectual history after the 1930's .
In consequence , there is simply much more to say about the economics of Mises and Rothbard than about the economics of Hayek .
2. Foundations of Microeconomics
Modern neoclassical economics derives from a few crucial microeconomic building blocks .
Prominent among these are utility functions , indifference analysis , and the Kaldor - Hicks ( or " cost - benefit " or " potential Pareto improvement " ) approach to welfare economics .
Mises and Rothbard reject all three of these elements , building economic theory upon a different foundation .
This is definitely a sufficient basis for an alternative Austrian school of thought .
However , Mises and Rothbard reject the foundations of modern neoclassical economics too quickly , and their substitutes are inadequate .
2.1. Utility Functions vs. Value Scales
Modern neoclassical economists habitually use " utility functions " to describe individuals ' preferences .
For example , they may posit that an individual 's utility U=a*ln ( quantity of apples ) + ( 1 - a ) * ln( quantity of oranges ) .
Rothbard instead preferred to discuss the " value scales " of individuals .
For example , an individual 's preferences might be given by { 1st apple , 2nd apple , 1st orange , 3rd apple , ...}.
Both approaches provide an obvious interpretation of " utility maximization " : for neoclassicals , an individual selects the highest feasible value of U , while for Rothbard , a maximizing individual satisfies the highest - ranked feasible preferences on his value scale .
Both approaches seem quite similar ; so similar , in fact , that neoclassical economists might call them identical .
But Rothbard noted some underlying differences , and concluded that the " value scale " approach was the right one .
Why ?
According to Rothbard , the mainstream approach credulously accepted the use of cardinal utility , when only the use of ordinal utility is defensible .
As Rothbard insists , " Value scales of each individual are purely ordinal , and there is no way whatever of measuring the distance between the rankings ; indeed , any concept of such distance is a fallacious one . " [ 3 ]
At first , Rothbard appears to limit his criticism solely to " Those writers who have vainly attempted to measure psychic gains from exchange " by their consumer 's surplus .
[ 4 ]
But it soon becomes clear that Rothbard rejects the entire utility - function approach as incoherent : " The chief errors here consist in conceiving utility as a certain quantity , a definite function of an increment of the commodity ...
Utilities are not quantities , but ranks ... " [ 5 ]
As if to emphasize the strength of his disagreement with the mainstream approach to utility , Rothbard goes on to dismiss the standard intermediate micro theorem " that in equilibrium the ratio of the marginal utilities of the various goods equals the ratio of their prices .
Without entering in detail into the manner by which these writers arrive at this conclusion , we can see its absurdity clearly , since utilities are not quantities and therefore cannot be divided . " [ 6 ]
What initially appeared to be a slight difference in nomenclature yields serious disagreement about some fairly basic issues .
As plausible as Rothbard sounds on this issue , he simply does not understand the position he is attacking .
The utility function approach is based as squarely on ordinal utility as Rothbard 's is .
The modern neoclassical theorists - such as Arrow and Debreau - who developed the utility function approach went out of their way to avoid the use of cardinal utility . [ 7 ]
Let a neoclassical theorist say " bundle one offers utility of 8 , while bundle two offers utility of 7 , " and Rothbard concludes that he believes in cardinal utility .
But the language here is technical ; to parse it , you must return to the underlying definitions .
Upon doing so , you will find that the meaning of " bundle one offers utility of 8 , while bundle two offers utility of 7 " is nothing more or less than " bundle one is preferred to bundle two . "
A utility function is just a short - hand summary about an agent 's ordinal preferences , not a claim about " utils . " [ 8 ]
This is why neoclassicals say that the utility function is uniquely defined up to a monotonic transformation .
You can rescale any utility function however you like , so long as you re-scale it monotonically . [ 9 ]
What about the theorem - that Rothbard dismissed - which claims that utility - maximizing individuals equalize the marginal utilities of goods consumed divided by their prices ?
Does n't this show that neoclassicals believe in cardinal utility ?
No , it does not ; statements made in technical jargon often sound absurd if you forget the underlying definitions .
A utility function just uses numbers to summarize ordinal rankings ; it does n't commit us to belief in cardinal utility .
Deriving the marginal utility of individual goods from this function commits us to nothing extra . [ 10 ]
Rothbard 's rejection of the utility function approach led him to make strange ad hoc concessions to it elsewhere in his writings .
Using his value scale approach , Rothbard was able to derive the laws of demand and supply as theorems . [ 11 ]
But then inexplicably in his later discussion of labor and land , Rothbard conceded the theoretical possibility of " backward " bending supply curves . [ 12 ]
Furthermore , in his discussion of the economics of taxation , Rothbard admits the theoretical possibility that greater taxation of labor income could induce an increase in labor supply - even going so far as to mention a " substitution " and an " income " effect which his initial treatment of utility theory and demand utterly failed to mention . [ 13 ]
What is interesting is that Rothbard was unable to derive the substitution and income effects from his value scale approach .
Rather , he borrowed it from the standard utility function analysis , which shows that there are two different channels by which a price change induces a change in the quantity demanded .
Thus , not only does Rothbard inappropriately dismiss the neoclassical approach to utility theory , but deemed it sufficiently fruitful that he borrowed its implications on an ad hoc basis .
To sum up , Rothbard falsely accused neoclassical utility theory of assuming cardinality .
It does not .
There is nothing actually wrong with Rothbard 's value scale approach , but because the neoclassical assumptions are in some ways less restrictive than Rothbard 's [ 14 ] , neoclassicals made the important discovery that price changes have both income and substitution effects - a discovery Rothbard was unable to derive from his own postulates but conceded without explanation . [ 15 ]
2.2. Indifference
The utility function approach has a final implication that Rothbard rejected .
Recall that using standard neoclassical definitions , U(a ) > U( b ) simply means that given the choice of a and b , a will be chosen , while U ( a ) < U( b ) means that b would be selected .
But what if U ( a ) =U( b ) ; i.e. , what if an agent is indifferent between two alternatives ?
Rothbard elaborated upon Mises by rejecting the very possibility as incoherent - and by implication rejecting the very use of indifference curves , a key building block of modern neoclassical theory . [ 16 ]
The essential objection to indifference curve analysis is that it is impossible for action to demonstrate indifference .
Action demonstrates preference , not indifference .
Rothbard puts it thusly " The crucial fallacy is that indifference can not be a basis for action .
If a man were really indifferent between two alternatives , he could not make any choice between them , and therefore the choice could not be revealed in action . " [ 17 ]
The crucial assumption - shared by both Mises and Rothbard - is that no preference can exist which cannot be revealed in action .
But why assume this ?
Is this not a peculiar importation of behaviorism into a body of economic thought which purports to be militantly anti-behavioral ?
Thus , in his introduction to Mises ' Theory and History , Rothbard tells us that :
One example that Mises liked to use in his class to demonstrate the difference between two fundamental ways of approaching human behavior was looking at Grand Central Station behavior during rush hour .
The " objective " or " truly scientific " behaviorist , he pointed out , would observe the empirical events : e.g. , people rushing back and forth , aimlessly at certain predictable times of day .
And that is all he would know .
But the true student of human action would start from the fact that all human behavior is purposive , and he would see the purpose is to get from home to the train to work in the morning , the opposite at night , etc .
It is obvious which one would discover and know more about human behavior , and therefore which one would be the genuine ' scientist . '[ 18 ]
In precisely the same way , I can know some cases in which I am indifferent .
I am often indifferent between the colors of clothes ; though I pick one color , I know that I would have picked the other if the prices were not equal .
The behaviorist might deny the reality of my mental states , but clearly that is not the route Mises or Rothbard would want to take .
Indeed , Mises and Rothbard themselves use hypothetical preferences in other contexts .
The interaction of supply and demand let us observe but a single point - the equilibrium price and quantity - but nevertheless Rothbard draws demand curves showing the quantity desired at all possible prices .
Similarly , one can only observe that I choose a green sweater ; but this does not rule out the possibility that I was actually indifferent between the green sweater and the blue sweater .
2.3 . Continuity
Mises and Rothbard have a final related objection to standard neoclassical utility theory : the assumption of continuity .
Quoting Rothbard , " [ H ] uman beings act on the basis of things that are relevant to their action .
The human being cannot see the infinitely small step ; it therefore has no meaning to him and no relevance to his action . " [ 16 ]
The implications are broader than they may initially appear , because as a mathematician will tell you , you can't differentiate a function that is n't continuous .
This means that if Mises and Rothbard is correct , the pervasive use of calculus in economics must be rejected in toto .
One obvious problem arises here .
Without continuous preferences , it is also highly unlikely that e.g. supply and demand can ever be equal .
If you draw the supply and demand curves continuously , then they are ( almost ) bound to intersect .
But if you draw them as a discrete set of points , supply and demand in general do n't have to intersect .
Thus , the argument against calculus based upon the rejection of continuity also argues against even the use of simple algebraic constructs - like intersecting supply and demand lines - that fill Rothbard 's works .
Of course , one could say that the unrealism of continuity is only minor .
But this is precisely the reply that Rothbard considered and rejected : " Most writers on economics consider this assumption a harmless , but potentially very useful , fiction , and point to its great success in the field of physics ...
The crucial difference is that physics deals with inanimate objects that move but do not act . " [ 19 ]
Rothbard thereby runs into a serious contradiction .
If the assumption of continuity is not a harmless fiction , then it is incumbent upon him to remove all of the supply and demand intersections in his works , and to state that supply equals demand only under extremely rare conditions ( for without continuous pricing , the odds that supply and demand actually intersect are very slim ) .
This position is certainly coherent ( and since Mises used no diagrams , it would be less work for him to adhere to it ) , but rather peculiar .
Alternately , Rothbard could concede that assuming continuity rarely alters substantive results , and accept both supply and demand intersections and the use of calculus as methodologically kosher in economics .
2.4 . Welfare Economics
While Rothbard and Mises had similar objections to mainstream utility theory , Rothbard went one step further by " reconstructing " welfare economics along Austrian lines .
His main conclusions are simple and austere : every market transaction benefits all participants , while every act of government intervention benefits some people at the expense of others .
Rothbard goes on to make a seemingly stronger claim : " If we allow ourselves to use the term ' society ' to depict the pattern of all individual exchanges , then we may say that the free market ' maximizes ' social utility , since everyone gains in utility . " [ 20 ]
This claim might be re-phrased to say simply that each voluntary exchange benefits all participants , and the free market permits the implementation of all desired voluntary exchanges .
Hans -Hermann Hoppe , arguing for Rothbard 's approach , makes a subtly stronger claim : " Pareto - optimality is not only compatible with methodological individualism ; together with the notion of demonstrated preference , it also provides the key to ( Austrian ) welfare economics and its proof that the free market , operating according to the rules just described , always , and invariably so , increases social utility , while each deviation from it decreases it . " [ 21 ] ( emphasis mine ) Strictly speaking , however , Rothbard could only claim the welfare effects of government intervention upon " social utility " are indeterminate ; i.e. , since the victim loses and the intervener gains , it is impossible to say anything about social utility without making a verboten interpersonal welfare comparison .
This is an important point , because it shows that Rothbard 's welfare economics provides a much weaker defense of the free market than usually assumed .
In particular , Rothbard 's own theory strips him of the ability to call any act of government " inefficient . "
By denying the ability to endorse state action in the name of efficiency , Rothbard also implicitly denies the ability to reject state action in the name of efficiency .
This is no logical flaw in Rothbard 's theory ( although it does reveal a logical flaw in Hoppe 's presentation of Rothbard 's theory ) , but it 's political implications are rather different than commonly assumed : Rothbard 's welfare criterion justifies agnosticism about - not denial of - the benefits of statism .
There is however a more serious flaw in Rothbard 's welfare economics - a flaw which again flows from his behaviorist insistence that only preferences demonstrated in action are real .
Thus , Rothbard rejects the argument that the envy of a third party vitiates the principle that voluntary exchange increases social utility : " We cannot , however , deal with hypothetical utilities divorced from concrete action .
We may , as praxeologists , deal only with utilities that we can deduce from the concrete behavior of human beings .
A person's ' envy . ' unembodied in action , becomes pure moonshine from a praxeological point of view ...
How he feels about the exchanges made by others cannot be demonstrated unless he commits an invasive act .
Even if he publishes a pamphlet denouncing these exchanges , we have no ironclad proof that this is not a joke or a deliberate lie . " [ 22 ]
Indeed , Rothbard could have taken this principle further .
When two people sign a contract , do they actually demonstrate their preference for the terms of the contract ?
Perhaps they merely demonstrate their preference for signing their name on the piece of paper in front of them .
There is no " ironclad proof " that the signing of one 's name on a piece of paper is not a joke , or an effort to improve one 's penmanship .
Rothbard 's refusal to acknowledge unobserved preferences would have to impress even B.F. Skinner .
What possible reason could we have to believe that utility is " moonshine " unless expressed in concrete actions ?
At every moment , by introspection we are aware of preferences unrevealed by our behavior .
Figuring out the mental states of other people is obviously more difficult , but that hardly shows that their mental states do not exist .
The statist could easily reverse Rothbard 's objection , and claim that since there is no " ironclad proof " that third parties do not object to other people 's voluntary exchanges , it is impossible to say whether that they increase social utility .
Thus , Rothbard 's welfare economics terminates in agnosticism about not only the benefits of intervention but the benefits of voluntary exchange .
Throughout his career , Rothbard harshly criticized the modern neoclassical approach to welfare economics , which considers reallocations " efficient " so long as they are " potentially Pareto superior . " [ 23 ]
While the justice of efficiency is far from evident , this criterion of efficiency has many advantages over Rothbard 's approach .
In particular , it actually allows one to make efficiency judgments about the real world - to judge , for example , that Communism was inefficient , or rent control is inefficient , or piracy was inefficient .
This does not show that the " potentially Pareto superior " welfare criterion is correct , but certainly provides a prima facie basis for reconsidering it more closely . [ 24 ]
2.5 . Subjectivism
Innumerable Austrian essays and books use the word " subjectivism " in the title .
This leaves one with the impression that other economists fail to embrace subjectivism - an impression that is simply false .
What neoclassical economist claims that the value of a good derives from its labor content , or its intrinsic goodness , or anything other than individuals ' preferences ?
It is true that academic papers often abstract from the heterogeneity of preferences , but this is merely a simplifying assumption .
To assume , e.g. , that everyone has the same log - linear utility function , is on par with assuming that the world contains only two people , Crusoe and Friday .
It is not a statement about the world , but a method on focusing on one particular problem .
Neoclassical economists ' propensity to declare certain situations " inefficient " may superficially appear to violate subjectivism ( or alternately , to make an interpersonal utility comparison ) .
As mentioned earlier , this is because " efficiency " has a technical definition somewhat different from its meaning in ordinary conversation .
3. Applied Topics
The theoretical foundations of Austrian economics , as developed by Mises and Rothbard , differ radically from those of modern neoclassical economics .
This provides a large part of its " pedigree , " it 's claim to represent an alternative school of thought .
Foundational differences , however , are not enough ; those foundations also need to make some important differences in applied theory .
The sequel examines some of the most important applications of Austrian economics , and generally finds them to be wrong , over - stated , or already widely accepted by mainstream economists .
3.1 . Economic Calculation and the " Impossibility " of Socialism
Mises considered the " socialist calculation argument " to be a decisive objection to the economic feasibility of socialism .
There are other valid arguments against socialism ; indeed , " No judicious man can fail to conclude from the evidence of these considerations that in the market economy the productivity of labor is incomparable higher than under socialism . " [ 25 ]
However , Mises insists , this does not decide the issue :
If no other objections could be raised to the socialist plans than that socialism will lower the standard of living of all or at least of the immense majority , it would be impossible for praxeology to pronounce a final judgment .
Men would have to decide the issue between capitalism and socialism on the ground of judgments of value and of judgments of relevance .
They would have to choose between the two systems as they choose between many others things ...
However , the true state of affairs is entirely different ...
Socialism is not a realizable system of society 's economic organization because it lacks any method of economic calculation ...
Socialism cannot be realized because it is beyond human power to establish it as a social system . [ 26 ]
This conclusion is amazing , for Mises repeatedly insists that economic theory gives only qualitative , not quantitative laws ?
For example , in Human Action , Mises tells us that :
The impracticality of measurement is not due to the lack of technical methods for the establishment of measure .
It is due to the absence of constant relations .
If it were only caused by technical insufficiency , at least an approximate estimation would be possible in some cases .
But the main fact is that there are no constant relations .
Economics is not , as ignorant positivists repeat again and again , backward because it is not " quantitative . "
It is not quantitative because there are no constants .
Statistical figures referring to economic events are historical data .
They tell us what happened in a nonrepeatable historical case . [ 27 ]
If so , then how could he possibly know by economic theory alone that the negative effect of the lack of economic calculation would be severe enough to make socialism infeasible ?
Granted , the socialist economy would suffer due to the impossibility of economic calculation ; but how , on his own theory , could Mises know that this difficulty to so severe that society would collapse ?
The strength of this objection becomes even clearer when we consider the economic decision - making of Robinson Crusoe , alone on his island .
As Mises explains , " Isolated man can easily decide whether to extend his hunting or cultivation .
The processes of production he has to take into account are relatively short .
The expenditure they demand and the product they afford can easily be perceived as a whole . " [ 28 ]
Crusoe 's runs his one - man economy simply by using " calculation in kind " - mentally weighing his preferences and opportunities to make decisions .
Mises concedes that this situation is conceivable , adding only that this method is unworkable for a larger economy .
" To suppose that a socialist community could substitute calculations in kind for calculations in terms of money is an illusion .
In an economy that does not practice exchange , calculations in kind can never cover more than consumption goods .
They break down completely where goods of higher order are concerned . " [ 29 ]
This suggests some obvious questions .
Does Crusoe 's one - man socialism become " impossible " when Friday shows up ?
Hardly .
What if 100 people show up ?
1000 ? Mises ' distinction between a modern economy and Crusoe's , and why the economic calculation argument applies only to the former , again shows that Mises has underlying quantitative assumptions in spite of his strictures against them .
He is making a quantitative judgment that the lack of calculation would not greatly worsen Crusoe 's economy , but would devastate a modern economy .
Perhaps Mises was right , but pure economic theory did not give him the answer .
Ever since Mises , Austrians have overused the economic calculation argument .
In the absence of detailed empirical evidence showing that this particular problem is the most important one , it is just another argument out of hundreds on the list of arguments against socialism .
How do we know that the problem of work effort , or innovation , or the underground economy , or any number of other problems were not more important than the calculation problem ?
The collapse of Communism has led Austrians to loudly proclaim that " Mises was right . "
Yes , he was right that socialism was a terrible economic system - and only the collapse of Communism has shown us how bad it really was .
However , current events do nothing to show that economic calculation was the insuperable difficulty of socialist economies .
There is no natural experiment of a socialist economy that suffered solely from its lack of economic calculation .
Thus , economic history as well as pure economic theory fails to establish that the economic calculation problem was a severe challenge for socialism . [ 30 ]
3.2 . Monopoly Theory
Monopoly theory is one of the points of contention between Mises and Rothbard .
Mises conceded the theoretical possibility of free - market monopoly - defining a monopolist as the single seller of a good with an inelastic demand curve at the competitive - price point .
Rothbard rejected Mises ' theory , arguing that there is no independent criterion for identifying the competitive price unless the government deliberately restricts competition .
Rothbard easily disposes of Mises ' theory , but affords all too little attention to the modern neoclassical theory : namely , that there is always some degree of monopolistic distortion unless firms face a horizontal demand curve .
For unless firms face a horizontal demand curve , a profit - maximizing firm sets its price above its marginal cost .
In the absence of perfect price discrimination , this means that there is a " deadweight loss " - or unrealized gains to trade .
In a footnote to Man , Economy , and State , Rothbard summarily dismisses this view without explanation : " A curious notion has arisen that considering MR [ marginal revenue ] , instead of price , as the multiplier somehow vitiates the optimum satisfaction of consumer desires on the market .
There is no genuine warrant for such an assumption . " [ 31 ]
Yet this is no assumption at all , but a conclusion .
If , for example , a producer of a piece of software has to pay $ 1 to produce an additional copy of his program , but facing a downward - sloping demand curve sets the profit - maximizing price at $ 10 , then there are unrealized gains to trade .
Consumers willing to pay between $ 9.99 and $ 1.00 do n't buy the program , even though it exceeds the marginal cost of production . [ 32 ]
Lest the reader presume that I uncritically embrace the ideal of perfect competition , let me emphasize that in my view , one of Rothbard 's greatest achievements as an economist was to point out the innumerable ways that government creates monopoly . [ 33 ]
Rothbard was right to explain why market monopoly is so difficult to maintain .
Rothbard was right to point out that the existence of economies of scale , taste for variety , and other factors show that efforts to impose perfect competition by force are totally wrong - headed .
Rothbard 's should have just accepted the obvious drawbacks of imperfect competition , then pointed out its numerous attendant advantages .
Rothbard made some mistakes in monopoly theory , but in 1962 he was still far ahead of his time .
The theory of perfect competition was indeed grossly abused by economists and policy - makers , who e.g. confusedly " proved " that deconcentration was efficient by first assuming the unimportance of economies of scale , or " proved " the inefficiency of advertising by assuming perfect information .
Since Rothbard wrote Man , Economy , and State , however , the better neoclassical theorists have wised up .
There is now a large literature showing how the benefits of imperfect competition outweigh its costs .
Some economists have elaborated upon Schumpeter 's observation that perfectly competitive firms have little incentive to innovate .
Others have analyzed the trade - off between product variety and atomistic market structure .
Still others have discovered the benefits of advertising .
In short , in neoclassical jargon , a powerful case now exists that free - market structures are " second - best " efficient : there is no feasible real - world way to improve upon them .
Unfortunately , while Rothbard gave the Austrians a head start , this has not prevented neoclassical research from passing them by .
3.3 . Public Goods
Rothbard 's rejection of neoclassical public goods ( as well as the related theory of externalities ) is a logical application of his unusual utility theory :
As for the recipients , they are being forced by the State to pay for benefits that they otherwise would not have purchased .
How can we say that they " benefit " ?
A standard reply is that the recipients " could not " have obtained the benefit even if they wanted to buy it voluntarily .
The first problem here is by what mysterious process the critics know that the recipients would have liked to purchase the " benefit . "
Our only way of knowing the content of preference scales is to see them revealed in concrete choices .
Since the choice concretely was not to buy the benefit , there is no justification for outsiders to assert that B's preference scale was " really " different from what was revealed in his actions . [ 34 ]
While the argument follows from Rothbard 's utility theory , that utility theory , as previous sections argued , is seriously in error .
To reiterate , contra Rothbard preferences can exist without being acted upon .
Economists applying the public goods theory have indeed all too often failed to consider the possibility that consumers simply do not want the alleged " public good . "
But just because some people misuse an economic theory does not invalidate it .
Rothbard was also correct to wonder why actors refrain from bargaining to solve the public goods problem ; the vast transactions cost literature sparked by Ronald Coase provides most of the answer .
When Rothbard wrote his critique of public goods theory in 1962 , almost all economists thought that it revealed a basic flaw in markets .
Subsequent scholarship , however , has revealed that any institution , especially government , may suffer from this problem .
Mancur Olson's The Logic of Collective Action [ 35 ] showed how the public goods problem can make government work poorly ; a vast public choice literature is premised upon the same idea .
Indeed , Rothbard 's own analysis of the ex post utility of democratic action implicitly uses the same idea . [ 36 ]
Rothbard 's a priori rejection of the very idea of public goods was simply the wrong route to take ; what he should have done was emphasize the public goods problems of government , along with voluntary solutions to genuine public goods problems on the free market .
No more successful is Rothbard 's effort to accept half of the theory of externalities : " The problem of ' external costs , ' usually treated as symmetrical with external benefits , is not really related ...
[ E]xternal costs ( e.g. smoke damage ) are failures to maintain a fully free market , rather than defects of that market . " [ 37 ]
This purported distinction is mired in confusion .
On the one hand , numerous negative externalities ( or " external costs " ) are not physical , but psychic ; a strip club in a churchy neighborhood is just as much a negative externality as air pollution , but a fully free market would only recognize the latter to be a property rights violation .
Conversely , a positive externality can nevertheless be a trespass , for strict private property rights require not that an owner benefit from how other people use his property , but that the owner consents to how other people use his property .
Suppose that my neighbor sets up a doughnut shop next door , and the fragrant doughnut fumes spill over onto my property .
Even though this is a positive externality - I love the odor of doughnuts - as the owner of my home I can insist that he cease his trespass .
Why would I shoot myself in the foot by doing so ?
Perhaps I value the smell at $ 10 / year , and the doughnut shop earns $ 1000 / year in profit from staying open .
It could then easily be in my interest to charge the doughnut shop owner $ 100 for an easement to emit doughnut fumes over my land .
Though I benefit from the fumes , I benefit more from the fumes plus $ 100 .
In short , it makes no sense for Rothbard to accept negative externalities but not positive ones .
Negative externalities often do n't violate property rights , and positive externalities can .
While Rothbard deserves praise for analyzing the extent to which private property can solve externalities problems , his reformulation of the theory of externalities is decidedly unsuccessful .
3.4 . The Austrian Theory of the Business Cycle
It is important to distinguish the correct and almost universally accepted aspects of the Austrian theory of the business cycle ( henceforth ABC ) from its incorrect and highly controversial components .
Many discussions of the ABC derail because Austrians often fail to realize that part of their theory is now fully mainstream .
3.4.1 . The Correct and Widely Accepted Aspects of the ABC
One important feature of business downturns is that unemployment increases .
Mises and Rothbard emphasize two important facts about this unemployment :
Proposition 1 : ( Involuntary ) unemployment is caused by excessive real wages .
Proposition 2 : Using inflation to reduce real wages ( i.e. , if the wage is fixed in nominal terms , then ceteris paribus inflation reduces the real wage ) is at best unreliable , and in any case not a long - term solution to the problem of unemployment .
In 1963 , Rothbard noted that " Sophisticated Keynesians now admit that the theory of ' underemployment equilibrium ' does not really apply to the free and unhampered market : that it assumes , in fact , that wages rates are rigid downward . " [ 38 ]
Indeed , Keynes himself quietly said this , and his contemporary Pigou wrote an entire treatise on unemployment explaining its inextricable connection with the real wage .
What many Austrians barely realize is that by 1997 , even quite unsophisticated economists essentially agree with Propositions 1 and 2 .
Milton Friedman said as much in his 1969 AEA Presidential address .
Robert Lucas ' work along these lines were one of the main reasons he recently received a Nobel prize .
Subtleties aside , the Mises - Rothbard view of unemployment now prevails among academic economists . [ 39 ]
They may not proclaim it as boldly as Mises or Rothbard would , and they may be more inclined to favor quick fixes instead of radical labor market deregulation , but mainstream and Austrian economists no longer disagree about this .
Though ( almost ) everyone acknowledges that downwardly rigid real wages are the fundamental cause of unemployment , most economists , including myself , would take issue with Mises and Rothbard 's over - simplified view of the cause of downwardly rigid real wages .
A typical pronouncement from Rothbard : " Unemployment is caused by unions or government keeping wage rates above the free - market level . " [ 40 ]
While Rothbard 's insight does much to explain unemployment in e.g. modern Europe , it leaves out a great deal .
In one of his most ecumenical moments , Rothbard explains that :
Generally , wage rates can only be kept above full - employment rates through coercion by governments , unions , or both .
Occasionally , however , the wage rates are maintained by voluntary choice ( although the choice is usually ignorant of the consequences ) or by coercion supplemented by voluntary choice .
It may happen , for example , that either business firms or the workers themselves may become persuaded that maintaining wage rates artificially high is their bounden duty .
Such persuasion has actually been at the root of much of the unemployment of our time , and this was particularly true in the 1929 depression . [ 41 ]
This quotation shows Rothbard at his best ; in most of discussions , Rothbard like Mises concentrates exclusively on government and unions , entirely neglecting market - based impediments to market - clearing . [ 42 ]
In addition to the ethical motivation Rothbard mentions above , other important reasons to avoid or delay wage cuts would exist even in a labor market free of regulation or unions .
For example , employers might refrain from cutting wages to avoid damage to morale - potentially an important concern .
It is also possible that formal contracts specifying wages ( but not employment ) exist , impeding wage adjustment for 1 , 2 or even 3 years .
Even without formal contracts , wage renegotiation can be expensive - it takes time to bargain , and risks the loss of mutual good will between employer and employee .
Another possibility worth considering is that rather than actively coerce new hires , threatened " insiders " might informally haze , mistreat , or otherwise fail to cooperate newly - hired " outsiders . "
Put yourself in the shoes of the owner of a business .
Would your automatic response to a depression be to cut wages to induce voluntary quits ?
Might n't you be inclined instead to lay off a few workers without cutting the wages of the remaining employees ?
Rothbard 's tendency to attribute all wage rigidity to governments and unions probably explains why he repeatedly emphasizes that " there is no such thing as ' too little ' or ' too much ' money , that , whatever the social money stock , the benefits of money are always utilized to the maximum extent . " [ 43 ]
How can this be reconciled with Rothbard 's admission that given wage rigidity , increases in the money supply can increase employment , and decreases can reduce it ? [ 44 ]
In the final analysis , Rothbard 's characteristic lucidity conceals an underlying confusion : while on occasion he conceded that wage rigidity could exist on the totally free market , and while he repeatedly acknowledged that the quantity of money could affect employment given wage rigidity , he also invariably maintained that the quantity of money is always " optimal " and harshly criticized monetarists , free - bankers , and other economists concerned about avoiding monetary contractions or compensating for shifts in money demand . [ 45 ]
3.4.2 . The Incorrect and Controversial Aspects of the ABC
What then remains controversial about the ABC - and , as the sequel argues - incorrect ?
Some of the more important features of the ABC include :
Proposition 3 : Monetary expansion distorts the structure of production in an unsustainable way .
Proposition 4 : The ABC explains the " sudden general cluster of business errors . "
Proposition 5 : The ABC provides the best explanation for why downturns hit the capital goods sectors especially hard .
Proposition 6 : Only the Austrian theory can explain the existence of inflationary depressions ( or " stagflation " ) .
Austrians along with almost all other economists accept that expansionary monetary policy tends to reduce interest rates ( definitely real interest rates , and usually nominal rates as well ) in the short term . [ 46 ]
There is no question that this change in interest rates tends to affect the profitability of different investments ; as Austrians emphasize , with lower interest rates , more " round - about " investments will become profitable .
Projects with returns further in the future previously might have had a negative present discounted value ; lower the interest rate , and the PDV quite possibly might become positive .
Bohm - Bawerk 's capital theory - focusing on the intertemporal coordination of numerous stages of production - does incline Austrians to be particularly aware of the tendency of lower interest rates to stimulate more round - about projects .
But modern neoclassicals would surely also accept the claim that lower interest rates alter PDV calculations in favor of investments with more distant returns . [ 47 ]
Thus , it is readily conceded that ( a ) expansionary monetary policy reduces interest rates , and ( b ) lower interest rates stimulate investment in more round - about projects .
Where then does the disagreement emerge ?
What I deny is that the artificially stimulated investments have any tendency to become malinvestments .
Supposedly , since the central bank 's inflation cannot continue indefinitely , it is eventually necessary to let interest rates rise back to the natural rate , which then reveals the underlying unprofitability of the artificially stimulated investments .
The objection is simple : Given that interest rates are artificially and unsustainably low , why would any businessman make his profitability calculations based on the assumption that the low interest rates will prevail indefinitely ?
No , what would happen is that entrepreneurs would realize that interest rates are only temporarily low , and take this into account .
In short , the Austrians are assuming that entrepreneurs have strange irrational expectations .
Rothbard states this fairly explicitly : " [ E ] ntrepreneurs are trained to estimate changes and avoid error .
They can handle irregular fluctuations , and certainly they should be able to cope with the results of an inflow of gold , results which are roughly predictable .
They could not forecast the results of a credit expansion , because the credit expansion tampered with all their moorings , distorted interest rates and calculations of capital . " [ 48 ]
Elsewhere , he informs us that : " [ S ] uccessful entrepreneurs on the market will be precisely those , over the years , who are best equipped to make correct forecasts and use good judgment in analyzing market conditions .
Under these conditions , it is absurd to suppose that the entire mass of entrepreneurs will make such errors , unless objective facts of the market are distorted over a considerable period of time .
Such distortion will hobble the objective ' signals ' of the market and mislead the great bulk of entrepreneurs . " [ 49 ]
Why does Rothbard think businessmen are so incompetent at forecasting government policy ?
He credits them with entrepreneurial foresight about all market - generated conditions , but curiously finds them unable to forecast government policy , or even to avoid falling prey to simple accounting illusions generated by inflation and deflation .
Even if simple businessmen just use current market interest rates in a completely robotic way , why does n't arbitrage by the credit - market insiders make long - term interest rates a reasonable prediction of actual policies ?
The problem is supposed to be that businessmen just look at current interest rates , figure out the PDV of possible investments , and due to artificially low interest rates ( which ca n't persist forever ) they wind up making malinvestments .
But why could n't they just use the credit market 's long - term interest rates for forecasting profitability instead of stupidly looking at current short - term rates ?
Particularly in interventionist economies , it would seem that natural selection would weed out businesspeople with such a gigantic blind spot .
Moreover , even if most businesspeople do n't understand that low interest rates are only temporary , the long - term interest rate will still be a good forecast so long as the professional interest rate speculators do n't make the same mistake .
It should be noted that other Austrians , particularly Roger Garrison , attempt to handle the expectational objection .
Garrison astutely notes that " [ M ] acroeconomic irrationality does not imply individual irrationality .
An individual can rationally choose to initiate or perpetuate a chain letter ...
Similarly , it is possible for the individual to profit by his participation in a market process that is - and is known by that individual to be - an ill - fated process . " [ 50 ]
This is definitely a possible scenario .
But does it make sense in this particular case ?
It does not .
Naturally , entrepreneurs will not turn down lower interest rates .
Rather , the rational response to artificially low interest rates is to ( a ) make investments which will be profitable even though interest rates will later rise , and ( b ) refrain from making investments which would be profitable only on the assumption that interest rates will not later rise .
If entrepreneurs followed this rule , then there would be no tendency for policy reversals to produce malinvestments .
The Austrian theory also suffers from serious internal inconsistencies .
If , as in the Austrian theory , initial consumption / investment preferences " re-assert themselves , " why do n't the consumption goods industries enjoy a huge boom during depressions ?
After all , if the prices of the capital goods factors are too high , are not the prices of the consumption goods factors too low ?
Wage workers in capital goods industries are unhappy when old time preferences re-assert themselves .
But wage workers in consumer goods industries should be overjoyed .
The Austrian theory predicts a decline in employment in some sectors , but an increase in others ; thus , it does nothing to explain why unemployment is high during the " bust " and low during the " boom . "
Even more striking is the Austrian theory 's inability to explain why output declines during a depression ; instead , it predicts a short - term increase . [ 51 ]
Bohm - Bawerk 's capital theory , on which Rothbard wisely built his work , implies that actually the short - run effect of switching to consumer goods production would be a period of greater production , followed by a period in which production is less than it would otherwise have been if longer period products had been used instead . [ 52 ]
In short , the Austrian theory all - too - glibly identifies the period of artificially low interest rates with the boom , and the period of re-adjustment with the bust .
Without extra assumptions , the theory does not predict an increase in employment during the boom , or a decrease during the bust .
Moreover , it predicts an actual increase in current output during the bust .
These are puzzling implications , to put it mildly , and they follow from the ABC .
A final supposed merit of the ABC is that it explains why capital goods industries suffer more than consumer goods industries during depressions . [ 53 ]
Modern neoclassical economics however offers a simple alternative explanation .
One interesting business cycle fact is that durable consumer goods production suffers along with the capital goods industries .
A simple explanation for both phenomenon is that any durable good purchase , whether durable capital goods or durable consumer goods , is going to be much more sensitive to changes in income or profitability than non-durable purchases .
In any period buyers of durable goods both replenish their stock to account for depreciation , plus adjust their desired total stock depending upon new information about profitability ( for firms ) or permanent income ( for individuals ) .
The arrival of a depression causes both forecasts to be adjusted downwards ; often this means that there is no point even making up for depreciation , since natural wear - and - tear simply moves you closer to your new , lower total stock .
The most basic model of demand for durable goods provides a coherent explanation for why producers ' goods industries suffer more during depressions ; and unlike the " acceleration " theory that Rothbard properly ridicules , the theory of demand for durable goods follows rigorously from basic microeconomics .
Another interesting argument made in favor of the Austrian theory is that it is the only theory capable of explaining stagflation - the simultaneous presence of high unemployment and high inflation .
Rothbard , for example , describes the Austrian theory as " the only proffered explanation " of stagflation . [ 54 ]
To the contrary , there were numerous theoretically rigorous explanations of stagflation , most of which were well - known to sophisticated academics in 1978 when Rothbard made this claim in favor of the ABC .
To name a few :
a. Natural resource shocks , e.g. oil ( reduces supply , raising price and reducing output ) .
b. The rational - expectations explanation : Workers wake up from their real / nominal wage confusion and demand a raise to compensate for inflation ( again , reduces supply , raising price and reducing output ) .
Lucas won the last Nobel prize for his work on this idea .
c. Technology shocks ( again , reduces supply , raising price and reduces output ) .
The theory which attributes business cycles to technology shocks , known as real business cycle theory , has been a hot topic in macro theory for a decade .
Let me emphasize that all of the arguments in this section have been essentially theoretical , not empirical .
The ABC requires bizarre assumptions about entrepreneurial stupidity in order to work : in particular , it must assume that businesspeople blindly use current interest rates to make investment decisions .
Even if we accept the ABC , it has important internal inconsistencies : it does not in fact predict changes in employment , and predicts that output will increase during depressions .
Moreover , the experience of stagflation is no argument for the ABC , because numerous other theories ( most of them developed before stagflation became important ) can also account for stagflation .
These objections to the ABC , as mentioned , solely apply to the " controversial " parts of the theory .
Austrians were entirely correct to decry the dinosaur Keynesians ' neglect of the interaction between wages and employment . [ 55 ]
Government officials , journalists , the general public , and weaker academics still need to learn this lesson .
But the modal academic economist already knows the lesson .
If the ABC has anything to contribute , it must add something further - something both original and true - to this lesson .
There is little reason to believe that it can .
4. Method , Math , and ' Metrics
4.1 . The Theory and Practice of Economic Theory
The reader will note that so far this essay has refrained from discussing any methodological issues .
To many , this is where the divergence of Mises and Rothbard from mainstream neoclassical economics is most apparent .
Mises and Rothbard both emphasize the primacy of economic theory over economic history ; theory is derived from the necessary truth of the " axiom of action , " and therefore economic history merely illustrates rather than " tests " economic theory .
Certainly , there is an enormous difference between what Mises and Rothbard say about the correct methodology of economics and what most neoclassical economists say about methodology .
The difference between what they actually do is far narrower .
An empirical study of the economics profession would reveal that pure theory plays an enormous role in the judgments of all economists whether they primarily do pure theory or applied empirical research .
The pure theorists often live in near - total isolation from empirical work ; indeed , even empirical researchers normally only know the empirical work done within their own specialization . [ 56 ]
How do they form their views on other issues ?
Largely by combining well - understood economic theory and some plausible empirical assumptions .
To many , this shows that economists are unscientific ideologues , but to my mind it shows instead that the practice of neoclassical economics is much sounder than its proclaimed methods .
By implication , Austrian methodological criticisms of neoclassical economics are often wide of the mark precisely because mainstream economists do n't practice the methods they preach .
4.2 . Is Theory Enough ?
Armchair economic theorizing can be and often is a productive way of learning about the world .
Mises and Rothbard clearly proclaim this , I readily concede it , and most neoclassical economists frequently " act as if " they believe it .
Mises and Rothbard however err when they say that economic history can only illustrate economic theory .
In particular , empirical evidence is often necessary to determine whether a theoretical factor is quantitatively significant .
Price theory shows us that a minimum wage in excess of the market - clearing price will increase unemployment .
However , as Mises and Rothbard emphasize , economic theory tells us nothing about how big the increase in unemployment will be .
Empirical studies of the imposition of minimum wages do more than merely illustrate economic theory ; they help economists to learn which theoretically relevant factors actually matter .
Paraphrasing Lord Kelvin , while economic theory is real knowledge , until you study some economic history your knowledge is of a meagre and unsatisfactory kind .
An economist who attributes hyper-inflations to radically and continuing declines in the demand for money contradicts no economic theory .
He is however still a bad economist , because he analysis of which factors are quantitatively significant is so far off .
Yes , it is possible for the quantitative importance of different factors to change over time and across different societies ; but study of these differences is just another task to which good economists need to devote themselves .
For example , population economists do more than just describe the causes behind population growth ; they also generalize about why different causes matter more in different countries and times .
An increase in the supply of food may greatly increase population growth in a poor country , without having any important impact in a richer country ; both facts required empirical study to learn , the facts learned varied across time and place , and yet an underlying and important pattern still exists .
4.3 . Mathematics , Econometrics , and the Progress of Economics
More than anything else , what prevents Austrian economists from getting more publications in mainstream journals is that their papers rarely use mathematics or econometrics , research tools that Austrians reject on principle .
They reject mathematical economics on principle because of the assumptions of continuity and differentiability .
These objections were examined in section 2.3 and found wanting .
Similarly , Austrians reject econometrics on principle because economic theory is true a priori , so statistics or historical study cannot " test " theory .
Fair enough , but as section 4.2 argued , econometrics and other empirical work can play a more modest role : to help determine how big ( or trivial ) various theoretically relevant factors actually are .
In short , the principled Austrian objections to mathematics and econometrics ( M&E ) fail .
This does not mean , however , that M&E are immune to a weaker criticism : to wit , that they simply have not delivered the goods .
When Mises wrote Human Action in 1949 , economists ' use of M&E was still in its infancy .
There is now nearly fifty years ' worth of research using M&E .
The science of economics has made progress , but how much of it is due to the use of M&E ?
Let us consider the question empirically .
Here are a few of the best new ideas to come out of academic economics since 1949 :
Human capital theory Rational expectations macroeconomics
The random walk view of financial markets Signaling models Public choice theory Natural rate models of unemployment Time consistency The Prisoners ' Dilemma , coordination games , and hawk - dove games The Ricardian equivalence argument for debt - neutrality Contestable markets
Formal mathematics was the main language used to present these ideas in academic journals .
But was math instrumental in the discovery of these ideas ?
Or did the journal articles merely take an interesting intuition and then work backwards to determine what mathematical assumptions implied it ?
Out of the whole list , there are few plausible cases where mathematics was more than an afterthought : maybe Idea # 2 , and possibly # 3 .
Even there , intuition , not math , probably played the leading role . [ 57 ]
The contributions of econometrics to economics are similarly meager - particularly because econometrics has " crowded out " traditional qualitative economic history .
The popularity of econometrics has made it very difficult to do research in any period lacking convenient " data sets " ; it has also enforced an uneasy silence about any topic in economic history ( like ideology ) that is difficult to quantify .
When simple econometrics failed to yield universal agreement among informed economists , this merely provided the impetus for econometric theorists to supply increasingly complex estimators and other tools .
Truly , this is a case of looking for car keys underneath the streetlight because it is brighter there .
The root cause of disagreement is simply that causation and correlation are different , yet almost everyone tends to interpret a correlation as causal if they find the results plausible , and as spurious if they do not .
Better experimental design - including the method of " natural experiments " - is a step back in the right direction , but it is only an uneasy beginning .
My own view is the econometrics is not useless , but must become a subordinate tool of the economic historian rather than vice versa .
Friedman and Schwartz 's A Monetary History of the United States is close to the optimal mix - careful historical analysis supplemented with econometrics , rather than vice versa . [ 58 ]
M&E have had fifty years of ever - increasing hegemony in economics .
The empirical evidence on their contribution is decidedly negative .
This does not mean , however , that working economists ought to immediately cease to employ M&E in their work .
This has been the Austrians ' main response , and it has led to their extreme isolation from the rest of the economics profession .
The simple fact is that M&E are the language of modern economics , much as Latin was the language of medieval philosophy .
These professional languages waste a lot of time and make it difficult for laymen and academics to communicate .
But once mastered , even dissident scholars can use these tools to speak their minds .
Conclusion
Austrian scholars have made important contributions to economics in recent years .
I personally am most impressed by the work of Lawrence White and George Selgin on free banking and other monetary issues , though certainly other Austrians have made significant contributions too .
Set in historical context , I also consider the economics of Mises and Rothbard to be a great achievement in spite of my numerous reservations about it .
Yet all too large a fraction of Austrian research has not been in economics at all , but rather in meta- economics : philosophy , methodology , and history of thought .
Admittedly , much of the meta-economics stems out of the work of F.A. Hayek and his numerous interpreters , whose contributions to economics the present essay did not discuss save by implication .
But the students of Mises and Rothbard have done more than their fair share of meta-economics too .
Neoclassical economists go too far by purging meta-economics almost entirely , but there is certainly a reason to be suspicious of scholars who talk about economics without ever doing it .
Paraphrasing Deng Xiaoping , " One should not talk of methodology every day .
In real life , not everything is methodology . " [ 59 ]
While the substantive contributions of Austrian economists to economics are significant , their sum from Human Action on is small compared to the progress that neoclassical economics has made over the same time period .
The ten good ideas listed in section 4.3 are only the beginning of what economists have learned since 1949 - in spite of the large deadweight cost of mathematics and econometrics .
Mises and Rothbard certainly produced an original alternate paradigm for economics - and applied this paradigm to a number of interesting topics .
Unfortunately , the foundations of their new paradigm are unfounded , and their most important applied conclusions unsound or overstated .
The reasonable intellectual course for Austrian economists to take is to give up their quest for a paradigm shift and content themselves with sharing whatever valuable substantive contributions they have to offer with the rest of the economics profession - and of course , with the intellectually involved public .
In sum , Milton Friedman spoke wisely when he declared that " there is no Austrian economics - only good economics , and bad economics , " [ 60 ] to which I would append : " Austrians do some good economics , but most good economics is not Austrian . "
Notes
[ 1 ]
There is no doubt that Rothbard was a self - conscious follower of Mises : see e.g. Murray Rothbard , Man , Economy , and State ( Los Angeles : Nash Publishing , 1962 ) , xi-xii , and Rothbard 's essay " The Essential Von Mises , " in Ludwig von Mises , Planning for Freedom ( South Holland , Illinois : Libertarian Press , 1980 ) , pp.234-270 .
Mises moreover expressed no reservations about Rothbard 's economics when he reviewed Man , Economy , and State ; see Ludwig von Mises , " A New Treatise on Economics " in New Individualist Review ( Indianapolis , IN : Liberty Fund , 1981 ) , pp.323-326 .
[ 2 ]
While modern admirers of Hayek often present his work as a radical alternative to mainstream economics , there is little evidence that Hayek thought this .
Contrast Mises and Rothbard 's stringent rejection of mathematical economics with Hayek 's desire to " ... avoid giving the impression that I generally reject the mathematical method in economics .
I regard it as indeed the great advantage of the mathematical technique that it allows us to describe , by algebraic equations , the general character of a pattern even where we are ignorant of the numerical values determining its particular manifestation .
Without this algebraic technique we could scarcely have achieved that comprehensive picture of the mutual interdependencies of the different events in the market . "
( F.A. Hayek , " The Pretense of Knowledge , " in F.A. Hayek , Unemployment and Monetary Policy ( Washington , D.C. : Cato Institute , 1979 ) , p.28 .
[ 3 ] Man , Economy , and State , p.222 .
[ 4 ] ibid , p.223 .
[ 5 ] ibid , p.263 .
Rothbard plainly follows Mises ' approach : " Action sorts and grades ; originally it knows only ordinal numbers , not cardinal numbers . "
( Ludwig von Mises , Human Action [ Chicago : Contemporary Books , Inc. , 1963 ] , p.119 ) .
[ 6 ] ibid , p.262 .
[ 7 ]
Rothbard is not alone in this confusion ; a significant fraction of textbook authors also fail to understand this point .
[ 8 ] See e.g. David Kreps , A Course in Microeconomic Theory ( Princeton , NJ : Princeton University Press , 1990 ) , p.17 -69 .
[ 9 ] ibid , pp.31 -32 .
[ 10 ]
It is worth noting that even if Rothbard 's critique of neoclassical consumer theory were correct , he would still lack a basis for rejecting neoclassical producer theory .
Here , both Rothbard and standard economic theory posit that entrepreneurs maximize profits - clearly , a cardinal quantity .
[ 11 ] Man , Economy , and State , p.107 and p.106 respectively .
[ 12 ] ibid , pp.515-516 .
[ 13 ] ibid , p.797 .
[ 14 ]
Rothbard 's use of discrete units serving discrete ends effectively eliminates the income effect , leaving only a substitution effect .
[ 15 ]
What is the significance of recognizing two effects of price changes ?
A price increase is normally thought to reduce the quantity demanded because the actor switches to other goods ( the substitution effect ) .
But what if there were only 1 good ?
In this case , it is clear that a price hike does not reduce quantity demanded because the agent switches to other goods .
Rather quantity falls because with 1 good , constant income , and a higher price , the actor 's real income is less .
[ 16 ]
Mises strongly criticized Irving Fisher 's anticipation of indifference curve analysis : " [ I ]t must first of all be objected that the peculiarly mathematical conception of infinitesimal quantities is inapplicable to economic problems .
The utility afford by a given amount of commodities , is either great enough for valuation , or so small that it remains imperceptible to the valuer and therefore cannot affect his judgment . "
( Ludwig von Mises , The Theory of Money and Credit [ Indianpolis , IN : Liberty Classics , 1980 ] , p.57 ) .
For further evidence that Mises shared Rothbard 's rejection of neoclassical utility theory , compare ibid , pp.51 - 60 , to Man , Economy , and State , pp.260-268 .
[ 17 ] ibid , p.265 .
[ 18 ] Ludwig von Mises , Theory and History ( Washington , D.C. : Ludwig von Mises Institute , 1985 ) , p.xiv .
[ 19 ] Man , Economy , and State , p.264 .
[ 20 ] Murray Rothbard , Power and Market ( Sheed Andrews and McMeel , Inc. : Kansas City , 1977 ) , p.13 .
[ 21 ] Hans - Hermann Hoppe , " Man , Economy , and Liberty : Essays in Honor of Murray N. Rothbard ( book review ) , " Review of Austrian Economics , vol.4 , p.258 .
Joseph Salerno claims to produce an argument for the claim that intervention actually reduces social utility , although he notes that this conclusion is stronger than Rothbard's .
See Joseph Salerno , " Mises and Hayek Dehomogenized , " Review of Austrian Economics , vol.6 , no.2 , p.131 .
[ 22 ] Power and Market , p.18 .
[ 23 ]
In e.g .
Rothbard 's taped lecture series , " A Short Course on Free Market Economics , " available at http://www.lfb.org.
[ 24 ]
See the clever use of the neoclassical concept of efficiency in Steven Landsburg , The Armchair Economist : Economics and Everyday Life ( NY : The Free Press , 1993 ) , esp. pp.49-105 .
[ 25 ] Human Action , p.678 .
[ 26 ] ibid , pp.679-680 .
[ 27 ] ibid , p.56 .
[ 28 ] Ludwig von Mises , Socialism : An Economic and Sociological Analysis ( Indianpolis , IN : Liberty Classics , 1981 ) , p.98 .
[ 29 ] ibid , p.102 .
Mises later balked at the term " calculation in kind " : see Human Action , p.703 .
[ 30 ]
The history of Communism suggests that the incentive problem is actually the most severe of all .
Forced collectivization - the expropriation and enserfment of peasant farmers - repeatedly triggered deadly famines .
These resulted in five million deaths under Lenin , at least 7 million under Stalin , and a staggering 30 million under Mao .
See my Museum of Communism FAQ : http://www.princeton.edu/~bdcaplan/museum/faqframe.htm.
Moreover , the millions of slave laborers found in Communist regimes were typically unproductive ; see Mises ' discussion of the inefficiency of slave labor in his Liberalism ( Irvington - on - Hudson , NY : Foundation for Economic Education , 1996 ) , pp.20 - 23 .
[ 31 ] Man , Economy , and State , pp.461-462 .
[ 32 ]
If there are unrealized gains to trade , why does n't the monopolist change his pricing strategy ?
This is one of numerous cases where a situation is not Pareto optimal , but transactions costs make voluntary Pareto improvements unlikely .
For example , the possibility of resale and the inability to determine a consumer 's willingness to pay makes perfect price discrimination difficult .
[ 33 ]
In not only Power and Market , pp.37 - 82 , but also e.g. his excellent tape series " The American Economy and the End of Laissez - Faire : 1870 to World War II . "
Notably , in this tape series Rothbard always limits himself to explaining why free - market monopoly is difficult to maintain , and how government short - circuits market checks on monopoly .
Rather than trying to define market monopoly out of existence , as his does as a theorist , Rothbard the historian treats it as an empirical question , yielding quite convincing results .
[ 34 ]
Man , Economy , and State , p.890 .
[ 35 ] Mancur Olson , The Logic of Collective Action : Public Goods and the Theory of Groups ( Cambridge : Harvard University Press , 1971 ) .
[ 36 ]
See Power and Market , pp.18 -23 .
[ 37 ]
Man , Economy , and State , p.944 .
[ 38 ] Murray Rothbard , America 's Great Depression ( Kansas City : Sheed and Ward , Inc. , 1975 ) , p.43 .
[ 39 ]
Who unfortunately often only impart this wisdom to graduate students , teaching undergraduates and journalists discredited " dinosaur Keynesianism . "
See my essay " In Defense of Macroeconomic Theory , " at http://www.princeton.edu/~bdcaplan/macro.doc.
[ 40 ] Power and Market , pp.204-205 .
[ 41 ] America 's Great Depression , p.45 .
[ 42 ]
Some writers who probably consider themselves " Misesians " do take a more subtle view of the wage - adjustment process on the free market .
See e.g. Roger Garrison , " The Austrian Theory of the Business Cycle in the Light of Modern Macroeconomics , " Review of Austrian Economics , vol.3 ; George Selgin , The Theory of Free Banking : Money Supply Under Competitive Note Issue ( Totowa , NJ : Rowman and Littlefield , 1988 ) .
[ 43 ]
Man , Economy , and State , p.670 .
[ 44 ]
See e.g. Man , Economy , and State , pp.683-687 , and America 's Great Depression , pp.43-53 .
[ 45 ]
See e.g .
Rothbard 's perfunctory dismissal of arguments for secular growth in the money supply : " These economists have not fully absorbed the great monetary lesson of classical economics : that the supply of money essentially does not matter ...
There is therefore never any need for a larger supply of money ( aside from the nonmonetary uses of gold or silver ) . " in Murray Rothbard , The Case for a 100 Percent Gold Dollar ( Meriden , CT : Cobden Press , 1984 ) , p.28 .
[ 46 ]
The mechanism whereby monetary expansion affects interest rates would however be much more controversial .
Mainstream economists typically emphasize the " real balance " or " liquidity " effect , while Austrians prefer to think of newly created money as increasing the supply of loanable funds .
The specifics of the money - interest rate connection however make no difference for the following arguments .
[ 47 ]
While modern neoclassical economists usually work with the assumption of atemporal production using homogeneous capital goods , in my view they normally take this as a convenient simplifying assumption rather than an accurate characterization of the fundamental nature of capital goods and production .
[ 48 ] America 's Great Depression , p.38 .
[ 49 ] ibid , p.76 .
[ 50 ] Roger Garrison , " The Austrian Theory of the Business Cycle in the Light of Modern Macroeconomics , " p.9 .
[ 51 ]
On a charitable reading , the Austrian explanation for the decline in output and employment is nothing more or less than wage rigidity combined with a monetary contraction .
This would however be difficult to reconcile with Mises ' relative indifference to deflation , and Rothbard 's positive enthusiasm for its healing virtues .
Mises , for example , informs us ( in the third revised edition of Human Action , published in 1966 ) that " Deflation and credit restriction never played a noticeable role in economic history . " ( p.567 ) To make this statement after the deflations of the inter - war period is truly astonishing .
Rothbard goes even further , positively praising deflation : " [ D]eflationary credit contraction greatly helps to speed up the adjustment process , and hence the completion of business recovery , in ways as yet unrecognized . "
( America 's Great Depression , p.25 )
See ibid , pp.25 - 26 , for a discussion of Rothbard 's purported benefits of deflation .
[ 52 ]
Traditional measures of " output " ( such as GDP ) include business investment as output , and thus it is not necessarily true that on the Austrian theory output thus measured would actually decline during the transitional period when the structure of production is being lengthened .
However , if we use a modified measure of output which excludes the production of capital goods , then my statement would be correct .
[ 53 ]
See e.g. America 's Great Depression , p.58 : " There is only one way that the underconsumptionist can try to explain the problem of greater fluctuation in the producers ' than the consumers ' good industries : the acceleration principle . "
[ 54 ] Murray Rothbard , For a New Liberty : The Libertarian Manifesto ( New York : Libertarian Review Foundation , 1978 ) , p.191 .
[ 55 ]
It is interesting that the empirical work of Gallaway and Vedder - interpreted by many as empirical support for the ABC - actually only provides evidence in favor of the wage - employment connection - the uncontroversial part of the Austrian theory .
See e.g. Lowell Gallaway and Richard Vedder , " Wages , Prices , and Employment : Von Mises and the Progressives , " Review of Austrian Economics , vol.1 , pp.33 - 80 ; idem , " The Great Depression of 1946 , " vol.5 , no.2 , pp.3-31 .
[ 56 ]
Thus , I often find that economists have more sensible views on issues outside of their field of specialization !
[ 57 ]
I invite others to come up with their own " best ideas " lists to repeat this casual experiment .
[ 58 ]
In my experience , economists in informal discussion frequently say that Friedman and Schwartz convinced them of various points .
I almost never hear them name econometric studies that permanently changed their view of the world .
[ 59 ]
The original quote is : " One should not talk class struggle every day .
In real life , not everything is class struggle . "
Quoted in Paul Johnson , Modern Times : The World from the Twenties to the Nineties ( NY : HarperCollins Publishers , 1991 ) , p.565 .
[ 60 ] Quoted in Edwin Dolan , " Austrian Economics as Extraordinary Science , " in Edwin Dolan , ed. , The Foundations of Modern Austrian Economics ( Kansas City : Sheed & Ward , Inc. , 1976 ) , p.4 .
The Australian Grand Prix provided us with a few pretty major graphic illustrations .
It was n’t only that opening an F1 season at the appallingly redesigned Bahrain International Circuit is a shocking idea , because for my money what today displayed in no uncertain terms is that Lewis Hamilton ‘ aint going to find 2010 quite as easy as he thought he was going to .
His post race strop pretty much summed it all up .
“ I think I probably had one of the drives of my life and unfortunately , due to the strategy , I was put further back and then I got taken out by Mark Webber , ” he told the BBC .
OK Lewis , calm down .
Because , if we ’re being honest , you kind of made your own bed on this one .
Before this season had even begun , the removal of refuelling had already been picked up within the F1 community as a facet of the new era of Formula 1 which could work against Lewis .
Notoriously hard on his tyres , the 2008 world champion ’s driving style does not naturally lend itself to having to preserve one ’s rubber for as long as possible .
On the flip side , his new team - mate and 2009 world champ Jenson Button is renowned for his smooth , almost effortless driving style which would , so we presumed , give itself more easily to the new regs .
JB won today ’s race because of two major factors : Firstly , it was Jenson and Jenson alone who took the gamble to pit when he did for slicks .
Second , it was Jenson and Jenson alone who pushed when he knew he could on his tyres , and yet still held enough in reserve to make them last until the end of the race .
So when we heard Lewis on the radio to the team in the middle of the race , cursing them for making him pit for a second set of slick tyres , and then slamming that very second set when he ’d knackered them , we ’re left with a very easy comparison .
Because if his team - mate had managed to make them last the distance , why could n’t Lewis ?
“ I ’m happy with the job that I did .
I think I honestly drove my heart out today and I think I deserved better than what I ended up with , but I ’ll keep fighting to the next race .
“ All I know is the guys do , always , a fantastic job , but the strategy was not right , ” he said after the race .
“ Everyone else in front of me did one stop and for some reason I did two . ”
Lewis always likes to talk up his role as a team - player at McLaren , but his post race sentiments reflect the dented ego of a man who has had his feathers very much ruffled by a driver whom he had perhaps failed to size up accurately .
Most people expected Lewis to completely batter Jenson this season and maybe Lewis expected as much himself , so seeing Button take McLaren ’s first win of the season will hit Lewis where it hurts .
It will hurt even more as today ’s race was won not only through Jenson ’s superiority in the smooth driving stakes , but also through Jenson ’s experience and confidence in making the right call at the perfect time .
Lewis has been criticised in the past for relying too heavily on the team to make decisions for him , and last season ’s whole fall - out from the Australian Grand Prix came about because , as Hamilton himself has gone on the record to state … he did what the team told him to do .
When Lewis was asked who had been responsible for the call to stop a second time , he replied : “ I do n’t know , we ’ll find out . ”
The fact that the call came at all , and that Lewis either did n’t feel confident enough or have the wherewithal to overrule McLaren if he truly felt confident enough on his original set of rubber , shows us that Lewis either still lacks the experience to make his own calls or that he may have to look back on this race and admit that the team was right to make the call because he ’d knackered his tyres .
Either way , slamming the team is n’t going to help matters .
It just smacks of sour grapes on a day when the newboy to the team got one over on him .
The public face may be one of all smiles at McLaren , but I guarantee it will not be long before the cracks start to appear if Jenson ’s confidence , maturity and smooth driving style keep reaping the rewards that they did today .
P.S. Apologies that I have n’t posted in a while … but my Daughter Sophie said hello to the world last Thursday morning .
She is gorgeous , and she and her Mum are both doing fantastically .
My attention has , naturally , been with them .
CALGARY , Alberta ( Reuters ) - Environmentalists aim to hitch their stars to James Cameron ’s “ Avatar ” by trying to draw parallels between the sci- fi blockbuster and Canada ’s oil sands industry ahead of Sunday ’s Academy Awards .
Cast member Zoe Saldana poses at the premiere of " Avatar " at the Mann 's Grauman Chinese theatre in Hollywood , California December 16 , 2009 file photo .
REUTERS / Mario Anzuoni
In a full - page ad in the show business trade publication “ Variety , ” a coalition of green groups endorsed the film , which is nominated for nine Oscars , saying the predatory grab for resources it portrays on the fictional planet Pandora is similar to methods used in northern Alberta .
The oil industry panned the ad , calling it irresponsible .
“ Canada ’s Avatar Sands , ” it read before a backdrop featuring a massive dump truck , which is used in oil sands extraction , and an open pit mine .
Like the film , it said , indigenous peoples are endangered by pollution and future oil spills , Shell , BP , Exxon and other “ Sky People ” are destroying ancient forests and huge trucks are used to mine an expensive energy source to feed America ’s “ addiction . ”
“ Part of it is to reach out to a new audience that have seen the movie , ” said Mike Hudema , a campaigner for Greenpeace , one of the groups behind the ad .
“ A lot of the themes that were dealt with in “ Avatar ” do parallel a lot with what we ’re seeing in the tar sands . ”
Environmentalists have escalated a campaign to spread their message that developing Canada ’s oil sands , the largest deposits of crude outside the Middle East , is damaging the land , air , water and local communities .
Meanwhile , the industry has intensified efforts to counter that , saying it is doing all it can to minimize environmental impacts , clean up operations and support aboriginal communities with consultation and employment opportunities .
The two sides have become more polarized .
“ The campaign is bizarre at minimum and at maximum it ’s irresponsible , ” said Janet Annesley , spokeswoman for the Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers , the industry ’s main lobby group .
“ We ’ve seen in the past that anti-oil activists like to blur the line between fact and fiction , but in this instance the cognitive dissonance is just too great to go unaddressed . ”
Canada is the largest foreign oil supplier to the United States , and about half the country ’s crude oil supplies are derived from the oil sands .
Excluded candidates can run in the 7 March elections .
They had originally been excluded because of their alleged ties to the former regime of Saddam Hussein .
The Iraqi government calls the decision “ illegal and unconstitutional ” .
The final decision is up to the Supreme Court .
Baghdad ( AsiaNews / Agencies ) – The Iraqi government has condemned the unbanning of about 500 candidates with alleged ties to Saddam Hussein 's Baa‘th party .
They had been told they could not stand in the 7 march parliamentary election , but now they can contest next month 's poll .
A government spokesman said the court decision was " illegal and unconstitutional " .
Next month ’s election is regarded as a crucial test for Iraq 's national reconciliation process ahead of a planned US military withdrawal .
Under Saddam , Iraq ’s Sunni minority ran the country .
With the dictator ’s fall , they lost their power and complain they have been marginalised by the current Shia - led government .
An appeals panel ruled yesterday that candidates barred by the Justice and Accountability Commission , a body set up to ensure Saddam loyalists do not again infiltrate public life , could run in the 7 March vote .
Now the issue goes further .
The Election Commission announced that it would appeal the panel ’s ruling to the Supreme Court .
The latter still has to decide on the lists running for office , and thus choose whether the panel ’s decision is binding or not .
Iraqi Sunnis are celebrating the decision .
Sunni lawmaker Saleh al - Mutlaq , who is on the exclusion list , said the decision was a " victory " for the Iraqi people .
Supporters of Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki's State of Law coalition dismissed the decision .
Allies in the current government , Maliki and the INA will be rivals in the election .
Others suspect that the panel ’s decision was the result of pressure or interference by the United States .
The initiative was unveiled at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona
Twenty - four of the largest phone operators have banded together to challenge the dominance of mobile app stores , such as that operated by Apple .
The Wholesale Applications Community , as it is known , aims to make it easier for developers to build and sell apps " irrespective of device or technology " .
The alliance , which includes Vodafone , China Mobile and Sprint , has access to more than three billion customers .
Analysts said it was an attempt by operators to " regain control of apps " .
However , research firm CCS Insight warned that operators " have a poor track record with this type of industry consortium " .
The app market is currently a lucrative business for mobile firms .
Analysts at Gartner have predicted that spending on the specialist pieces of software will hit $ 6.2 bn ( £ 4bn ) this year with the number of downloads rising to 4.5 billion from 2.5 billion last year .
It predicts that downloads will top 21 billion by 2013 , yielding almost $ 30 bn .
Simple approach Apple currently dominates the app market , with more than 3 billion downloaded from its app store in 18 months .
Blackberry , Google , Nokia , Symbian and Microsoft all offer their own app stores .
The mood this year should be grim after a 2009 that this industry like many others will want to forget
Rory Cellan- Jones
Technology correspondent , Barcelona
Read Rory 's thoughts in full
As a result , developers often have to create different versions of apps and go through separate approval processes for each individual store .
The Wholesale Applications Community aims to overcome this fragmentation by offering a single " open platform that delivers applications to all mobile phone users " .
It aims to develop a common standard for applications in the next 12 months .
As well as the 24 network operators , the work is also supported by hardware manufacturers such as LG Electronics , Samsung and Sony Ericsson , as well as industry body the GSM association .
The consortium 's approach to simplify application development and distribution is echoed by software firm Adobe .
The company has announced that it will begin to offer its AIR platform on mobile devices , starting with phones running Google 's Android operating system .
AIR is currently available on desktops and allows developers to build desktop applications for services that are more commonly found in the browser .
For example , there are a number of Twitter applications that use AIR .
Until now it has been unavailable on smart phones .
The technology could make it easier for developers to create and publish apps that can run on many different platforms at the same time .
Apple has traditionally spurned some Adobe software - such as Flash - on its iPhone .
However , Adobe has now built a tool that allows developers to build an app for phone running AIR and easily publish a slightly different version which should also run on the iPhone .
" We enable developers and content publishers to deliver to any screen , " said David Wadhwani of Adobe .
The announcements were made at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona , which runs from 15 - 18 February .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Alaska Governor Sarah Palin waves to well - wishers while serving hot dogs at the annual Governor 's Picnic in Fairbanks , Alaska , July 26 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Nathaniel Wilder
LOS ANGELES ( Hollywood Reporter ) - Sarah Palin is close to a deal for her travelogue reality show .
Sources say Discovery Communications has edged out rival A&E Networks in the bidding for the project , “ Sarah Palin ’s Alaska . ”
An agreement could be announced in the next few days .
It ’s still undecided which network in the Discovery suite would air “ Alaska , ” which is being produced by Mark Burnett Productions .
Although travelogues are on - brand for the Discovery flagship , having Palin as a centerpiece also makes the show a fit for mom-friendly TLC .
Clearly nature docs are still viable for the company -- Discovery ’s latest effort in the genre , the miniseries “ Life , ” just debuted to 11.8 million viewers on Sunday night .
In her numerous TV appearances , Palin has proven she can draw an audience .
Yet her show wo n’t come cheap .
The former Alaska governor ’s asking price was $ 1.2 million per episode .
A network paying anywhere close to that figure would make “ Alaska ” one of the most expensive nature series ever produced .
The high - definition program will be shot in a style similar to “ Life ” and “ Planet Earth ” and will feature the 2008 Republican vice presidential candidate acting as a guide to the Alaskan outdoors .
When it was commissioned by the BBC at a cost of $ 25 million , the 11 - part “ Planet Earth ” was considered the most expensive documentary the network had ever made .
Discovery Communications had no comment .
A district court judge on Thursday told the Chicago Transit Authority it could not refuse to carry ads for mature games , granting the Entertainment Software Association 's request for a preliminary injunction against the metropolitan transportation system .
In a 22 - page ruling , US District Court Judge Rebecca R. Pallmeyer said the gaming industry lobby is likely to prevail in its assertion that a policy prohibiting ads for M- or AO - rated games is an unconstitutional abridgement of free speech .
A final ruling has n't been issued yet , but a judge is finding a lot to agree with in the ESA 's case against the CTA .
The policy was adopted last January , in response to a minor controversy .
In the lead - up to Grand Theft Auto IV's April 2008 debut on the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 , a Chicago news channel reported on a series of ads for the open - world action game appearing on public transit buildings and buses .
The CTA pulled the ads , fearful of public outcry , and in response , GTAIV publisher Take - Two Interactive sued the transit authority .
The suit was eventually settled with an agreement for the CTA to rerun the ads later that year .
The CTA adopted its current game - specific advertising policy on January 1 , 2009 , and the ESA filed suit to have that guideline declared unconstitutional the following July .
In its argument , the ESA noted that CTA buses have carried potentially disagreeable advertising many times before , including advertisements for an atheism advocacy group 's campaign against organized religion and " Puppetry of the Penis , " an experimental theater production .
The judge was particularly skeptical of the CTA 's decision to single out games for more stringent advertising guidelines than its fellow entertainment media .
" Video games consist of a tiny fraction of the media violence to which children are exposed , " the judge wrote .
" Yet the CTA 's ordinance singles out only video game advertisements for regulation , while granting carte blanche to a wide range of advertisements for other forms of media that may depict similar violence and may be similarly rated for age appropriateness .
If an advertiser sought to place identical advertisements for an R - rated film and an M - rated video game of the same name - - both with the same characters , based on the same storyline , and containing the same depictions of violence -- the ad for the video game would be banned while the ad for the film would be displayed . "
In defending its policy , the CTA said the government had a compelling interest in limiting speech related to M-rated and AO - rated game ads due to a correlation between youth aggression and violent games .
That 's the same justification used by states like California , Illinois , and Louisiana in their heretofore unsuccessful bids to establish state laws to keep violent games out of children 's hands .
The ESA hailed the preliminary injunction , with the organization 's president and CEO Michael Gallagher issuing a statement calling it a victory for the gaming industry , the people of Chicago , and the First Amendment itself .
" It is our hope that the CTA sees the futility of pursuing this case further , " Gallagher said .
" To do so will waste taxpayer money and government resources .
Chicago deserves better and we look forward to bringing this matter to an end . "
The Killing of Veronica and Charity Bowers
One of the many heartbreaking stories told in Drug War Victims is that of Veronica Bowers and her 7 - month - old daughter Charity Bowers , part of a missionary plane shot down over Peru in our drug war .
After 9 years , the CIA footage has finally been released of the tragic event .
The footage is distant , yet you hear the voices of the Americans and Peruvians deciding the fate of the unknowing passengers .
The casual approach exhibited to shooting down a plane full of people is absolutely sickening , particularly when it was clear that the most either side had was a rough guess that the plane might be a “ bandito ” rather than an “ amigo . ”
Guardian : CIA footage broadcast of fatal attack on plane carrying US missionaries in Peru : US agency denied covering up botched anti-drug operation that led to death of American woman and baby in 2001
“ I ’m at 4,000 feet .
The military is here .
I do n’t know what they want , ” [ pilot ]
Donaldson says [ to the tower ] .
Moments later the jets open fire and Donaldson is heard screaming : “ They ’re killing me !
They ’re killing me ! ”
The CIA operatives are then heard to say “ tell them to terminate , do n’t shoot ” .
But by then it was too late .
Bowers and her daughter were killed by a bullet from the jet ’s guns .
This is your drug war .
As news of the State Board of Education 's conservative spin on U.S. history has spread nationwide , a backlash has sprung forth , perhaps predictably , from the liberal mecca of San Francisco .
Having heard of the textbook wars here , California state Sen.
Leland Yee , a Democrat who represents San Francisco and San Mateo counties , says he ’s drafting legislation to ensure none of the SBOE ’s history curriculum revisions seep into any California textbooks .
Having heard of the allegedly huge influence of Texas on the textbook market — one commonly reported but exaggerated ( we ’ll have more on those exaggerations in a story tomorrow ) —
Yee wants border protection against red-state ideology .
“ The way he looks at it , they ’re rewriting history .
It ’s not accurate ; and it ’s insulting to a number of our communities of color , ” said Yee ’s chief of staff , Adam Keigwin .
“ The de-emphasis on civil rights in so many areas — reducing the scope of Latino history , especially in a state like Texas — is just mind - boggling . ”
In California , the state school board is appointed rather than elected and delegates curriculum decisions to a committee of its members , Keigwin said .
“ We ’ve purposely taken the curriculum out of the hands of politicians to depoliticize it , ” he said .
“ So we do n’t necessarily have the same issues that are happening in Texas , where the board is maybe responding to constituents — or maybe not — on whatever the popular issue may be . ”
Asked what offended Yee about the Texas social studies standards beyond the civil rights issues , he said : “ Putting emphasis on these modern conservative movements that , in the big picture of history , may not even register as more than a blip on the radar screen .
Labeling Confederate generals as heroes when they were clearly racist — that did n’t sit well .
Removing African - American music and but keeping country music — that does n’t make any sense .
There ’s just a whole laundry list of issues that he did n’t feel reflect California values . ”
California values ?
Now there ’s a notion the SBOE 's social conservatives will be pleased to hear they have n’t mistakenly embraced .
The following correction was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Saturday 27 March 2010
Two articles about a Catholic adoption agency 's fight for an exemption from equality regulations said it had won the right in the high court not to consider homosexual couples as parents .
In fact it won a decision that could eventually lead it to be able to do this .
The agency , Catholic Care , went to court to challenge a Charity Commission refusal to grant it an exemption from equality regulations .
A high court judge ordered the commission to reconsider the case in the light of principles set out in his judgment .
A Catholic adoption society today won the right in the high court not to consider homosexual couples as parents .
Mr Justice Briggs , sitting in London , has allowed the society 's appeal for an exemption from the sexual orientation regulations – opposed by the Charity Commission – which means the society can continue operating as it has always done .
Catholic Care , serving the dioceses of Leeds , Middlesbrough and Hallam in South Yorkshire , warned it would give up its work of finding homes for children , as many Catholic adoption societies have already done , rather than comply with the legislation , which would have barred it from refusing to consider same sex couples .
The verdict was welcomed by the society and by the Catholic church authorities , but provoked dismay among gay rights campaigners .
The Bishop of Leeds , Right Rev Arthur Roche , said outside the court : " Our case has not been brought on an anti-gay agenda of any sort .
We respect , and would not want to diminish , the dignity of any person . "
However , the judgment was condemned by the gay rights charity Stonewall .
Jonathan Finney , its head of external affairs , said : " It 's unthinkable that anyone engaged in delivering any kind of public or publicly funded service should be given licence to pick and choose service users on the basis of individual prejudice .
" It 's clearly in the best interests of children in care to encourage as wide a pool of potential adopters as possible . "
In a statement , Bishop Roche said : " The judgment today will help in our determination to continue to provide this invaluable service to benefit children , families and communities .
" We look forward to producing evidence to the Charity Commission to support the position that we have consistently taken through this process : that without being able to use this exemption children without families would be seriously disadvantaged .
" Catholic Care has been providing specialist adoption services for over 100 years .
We have helped hundreds of children through the recruitment , assessment , training and support for prospective adoptive parents , as well as offering ongoing and post - adoption support to families that give such security and love for some of the most vulnerable children in our society . "
Caritas Social Action Network , the umbrella group for Catholic care agencies , said an extremely important principle in co-operation between faith - based agencies and public authorities had been upheld .
" By requiring the Charity Commission to review its decision , the court has upheld the legitimate freedom of charities to organise themselves in such a way that their activities reflect their religious ethos when justified in the public benefit , as we believe is the case in this instance , " it said .
The agencies have had a 21 - month transition period to consider their future operations , before they would be compelled to comply with the new regulations .
Catholic Care was the last of the adoption societies to maintain the fight to continue its traditional practices .
Some formerly Catholic agencies are breaking their formal links with the church in order to comply with the new rules .
Others , including the Catholic Children 's Society in London , are abandoning work with new adoptions .
In Birmingham , the Father Hudson 's Society is forming a new separate charity in order to continue its work , after its own appeal to the Charity Commission failed .
Briggs also ordered the Charity Commission to pay Catholic Care 's legal costs , estimated at over £ 100,000 .
The law firms involved , solicitors Bircham Dyson Bell and barristers Christopher McCall QC and Matthew Smith , also worked pro-bono for the adoption society , a contribution estimated at £ 55,000 .
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - High blood pressure is a “ neglected disease ” and the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention must do more to fight it by helping Americans eat better and encouraging doctors to treat it more aggressively , an expert panel said on Monday .
A doctor checks the blood pressure of a patient in downtown Los Angeles July 30 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Lucy Nicholson
The report by the Institute of Medicine , one of the National Academies of Sciences , urges the CDC to promote policies that make it easier for people to be more physically active , cut calories and reduce their salt intake .
High blood pressure or hypertension is easily preventable through diet , exercise and drugs , yet it is the second - leading cause of death in the United States , said committee chair David Fleming , who directs Public Health for Seattle and King County in Washington .
“ Hypertension as a disease is relatively easy to diagnose and it ’s inexpensive to treat , ” Fleming said in a telephone interview .
“ Yet despite that , one in six deaths in the United States is due to hypertension , and it costs our healthcare system $ 73 billion each year in expenses .
“ In that context , hypertension is really a neglected disease in this country .
There ’s a huge gap between what we could do and what we are doing , ” he said .
Fleming said the CDC spends less than $ 50 million a year for a wide array of heart disease prevention programs that includes hypertension .
Simple steps like consuming less salt and increasing the intake of vegetables , fruit and lean protein could cut rates of high blood pressure by as much as 22 percent , according to the report by the Institute , which advises policymakers .
They cited a recent study that found reducing salt intake to 2,300 milligrams per day -- the current maximum recommended amount -- from 3,400 milligrams a day could cut U.S. health costs by about $ 17.8 billion each year .
Helping overweight and obese Americans each lose 10 pounds could cut rates of high blood pressure in the overall population by 7 to 8 percent , the group said .
And a program that gets inactive people to exercise could decrease the rate of high blood pressure by 4 percent to 6 percent .
Doctors typically use generic drugs such as beta blockers and ACE inhibitors to control blood pressure .
Lowering blood pressure can cut the risk of stroke , heart attack , heart failure and other conditions .
MANY INSURED PEOPLE NOT TREATED
According to the report , 86 percent of people with uncontrolled high blood pressure have insurance and see their doctors regularly .
But Fleming said doctors often fail to follow guidelines , which is why many patients do not know they have the condition and are not taking steps to control it .
The group called for the CDC to research the reasons doctors fail to treat high blood pressure , and consider making blood pressure treatment a quality measure in any accreditation program .
The group also asked the CDC to urge the federal Medicare and Medicaid programs and private insurers to reduce out - of - pocket deductibles and co-payments for blood pressure drugs , and to work with the drug industry to simplify the process for patients to get reduced - cost or free drugs .
About half a billion people worldwide have hypertension .
Risk factors include obesity , a sedentary lifestyle and smoking .
Chronic illnesses such as diabetes , kidney disease and high cholesterol also can raise one ’s risk .
Human rights lawyer whose year - long disappearance drew international attention says he is now living in Shanxi province
For more than a year , since the Chinese human rights lawyer was taken from his hometown , friends and family have waited anxiously for news of Gao Zhisheng .
But now the outspoken activist , feared by some to be dead , appears to have re-emerged in circumstances as mysterious as his disappearance .
Reporters and friends said he spoke to them by phone today , saying he was living at a Buddhist landmark in Shanxi province .
Gao 's disappearance in February last year caused international concern , particularly after the release of a graphic account of torture he said he had suffered at the hands of security officials .
Gao told Reuters he had been released about six months ago and was at Wutai mountain , beloved of Buddhist pilgrims because of its many shrines .
The 44 - year - old said he wanted " a quiet life " and to rejoin his family .
But friends and human rights groups said they remained deeply concerned about his situation , since he seemed to be under surveillance and unable to speak freely .
Although other dissidents have been detained for days or weeks without access to lawyers , it is rare for people to simply vanish for such a long period in China .
Phelim Kine , Asia researcher at Human Rights Watch , said : " In terms of high - profile dissidents and activists , we have n't seen a case as serious as Gao's .
It is the most egregious in terms of the length of time , concerns about his safety due to [ previous ] torture and the obstinacy of the Chinese government in refusing to provide any details . "
While there were concerns that someone might have impersonated Gao today , Reuters said he was able to answer questions about previous conversations with the reporter and the venue of meetings they had held .
Teng Biao , another lawyer , said on Twitter he was also convinced it was Gao , pointing out that the man he spoke to not only sounded the same , but made references to Teng 's daughter .
Teng said Gao had also confirmed that he had at one stage been in Urumqi , Xinjiang , at the Ye Ma International Business Clubhouse .
Earlier this year , a rare official reference to his whereabouts described him as " working in Urumqi " .
Human rights lawyer Li Heping , who also knows Gao well , said : " It 's certainly him … I could tell from the way he spoke and the way he spoke to me . "
But Li added : " I believe he does not have freedom .
He sounded like he wanted to hang up .
He told me that he had friends around him .
I 'm sure people around him are limiting what he can say . "
" Secondly , he would not tell me exactly where he is when I suggested visiting him …
We are very concerned . "
Gao told Associated Press he was " free at present " , adding : " I just want to be in peace and quiet for a while , and be reunited with my family .
" Most people belong with family , I have not been with mine for a long time .
This is a mistake and I want to correct this mistake . "
Gao declined to answer further questions , saying he was not willing or legally permitted to accept media interviews .
Asked if he planned to join his family – now living in exile in the US – Gao told Reuters : " It 's not that easy . "
The lawyer was at one stage feted by the authorities .
The ministry of justice selected him as one of the top 10 lawyers in the country in 2001 .
But he angered officials by taking on sensitive cases such as those involving the banned spiritual movement Falun Gong and through increasingly open confrontations .
In 2005 he resigned from the Communist party and wrote an open letter to leaders urging them to end the persecution of Falun Gong practitioners .
In 2006 he was given a suspended three - year sentence for subverting the state .
His family were placed under constant surveillance at their home and on several occasions Gao was detained again and held elsewhere .
His wife , Geng He , and their two children fled into exile in January last year .
Geng said her husband had no idea they were leaving .
Shortly afterwards Gao was detained in his hometown in Shaanxi province , prompting human rights campaigners to say they were " intensely fearful " for him .
Days later , Human Rights in China issued the lawyer 's account of his seven - week detention in 2007 , in which he described brutal and sustained torture .
He wrote that security officers beat him all over his body , used electric batons to shock his genitals and warned him he would die if he told anyone what had happened .
News that Gao was contactable appears to have first surfaced on Twitter today , with users posting messages saying relatives had spoken to him and including a phone number .
The phone said to belong to Gao was switched off when the Guardian called .
" If these reports are accurate and Gao Zhisheng is alive and well , we are extremely relieved , " added Kine , of Human Rights Watch .
" But the fact is that the whereabouts and fate of Gao have been shrouded in mystery by the Chinese government for far too long .
He disappeared into a legal black hole in early 2009 and has not been seen since .
" Until the government allows free and unfettered access to him by legal counsel , family and representatives of the media we remain in the dark . "
Whereabouts unknown
4 February 2009 Gao Zhisheng taken from home overnight by security officers , according to human rights groups .
They issue statement saying they are " intensely fearful " for his safety .
September Lawyer Teng Biao says via Twitter that Gao made brief call to relatives in July , saying he was OK .
Police reportedly tell Gao's brother lawyer has " lost his way and gone missing " .
October Duihua Foundation says Chinese embassy in Washington has told it that Gao was allowed to return to his home town in Shaanxi province to pay respects to his ancestors in June , that he was not being mistreated and was not being subjected to coercive legal measures .
January 2010 Foreign ministry spokesman Ma Zhaoxu tells reporters that Gao is " according to Chinese law , where he should be " .
Days later , when pressed again , Ma says he " guesses " Gao is where he should be .
February Duihua Foundation says Chinese embassy has told it the lawyer is " working in Urumqi " – in far west of the country – and has been in touch with his family .
His wife tells Duihua she has not heard from him .
March Gao's brother tells BBC he has spoken to lawyer by telephone , adding : " He said he 's quite well … We were worried about whether his life was under threat .
Now we are a bit relieved but we can still do nothing . "
Reporters repeatedly press foreign ministry spokesman Qin Gang for information on the case .
He replies : " I will not answer you ... so I hope you will give up such efforts . "
Concurrently , digital photography took off .
“ It used to be you really needed to know how to use a camera , ” said Keith Marlowe , a photographer who has worked for Spin and Rolling Stone .
“ If you messed up a roll , you could n’t redo the concert . ”
Now , though , any photographer can instantly see if a shot is good , or whether the light balances or other technical aspects need to be adjusted .
That meant a flood of pretty decent photographs , and that changed the stock - photography industry .
In the last few years , stock agencies have created or acquired so - called microstock divisions .
They charge $ 1 to $ 100 , in most cases , for publishers or others to rerun a photo , often supplied by an amateur .
And Getty made a deal with Flickr in 2008 , permitting Getty ’s photo editors to comb through customers ’ images and strike license agreements with the amateur photographers .
Image " Adventures in Childhood " is under a royalty free license with Getty Images .
Credit ... D. Sharon Pruitt
“ The quality of licensed imagery is virtually indistinguishable now from the quality of images they might commission , ” Mr. Klein said .
Yet “ the price point that the client , or customer , is charged is a fraction of the price point which they would pay for a professional image . ”
In 2005 , Getty Images licensed 1.4 million preshot commercial photos .
Last year , it licensed 22 million — and “ all of the growth was through our user - generated business , ” Mr. Klein said .
That is because amateurs are largely happy to be paid anything for their photos .
“ People that do n’t have to make a living from photography and do it as a hobby do n’t feel the need to charge a reasonable rate , ” Mr. Eich said .
With stock - photography payments declining and magazines pulling back on original assignments , some Web sites like Life.com and BurnMagazine.org have popped up as homes for original photography .
Life commissions about two projects a month — it sent Mr. Marlowe to Haiti after the earthquake , for instance , and the entertainment photographer Jeff Vespa to cover the European news media tour by the “ Avatar ” cast .
When an immigration judge wanted to meet for coffee with refugee claimant Ji Hye Kim , her boyfriend was immediately suspicious .
Brad Tripp thought it could mean only one thing :
That the judge , who had presided at her refugee hearing , wanted to have sex with her .
So Tripp talked Kim into carrying a hidden digital recorder and microphone to the meeting while he would film it from a distance .
" I felt that we needed to record this meeting to protect Ji Hye 's rights to a fair hearing , " Tripp , 34 , testified at a trial for Steve Ellis , the former immigration judge .
Ellis , 50 , once a city of Toronto councillor , has pleaded not guilty to breach of trust and an Immigration and Refugee Protection Act charge of bribery .
Tripp said he accompanied Kim , a South Korean whom he has since married , to her refugee hearing on July 17 , 2006 , but sat outside .
Ellis reserved his decision .
On Sept. 13 , Tripp said , Kim came home and told him Ellis had dropped by the Jarvis St. restaurant where she worked as a waitress .
" I just thought it was a coincidence , " Tripp told prosecutor Lynda Trefler .
On Sept. 22 , Kim called from the restaurant and said Ellis was there again , and that she wanted to ask him about her case .
" I told her it was probably not a very good idea , " Tripp said , adding that he thinks Kim ignored the advice .
When Kim told Tripp that Ellis wanted to meet her for coffee four days later , Tripp was immediately suspicious and hatched a plan .
He borrowed a camera from work and , knowing he would not get close enough to the meeting to pick up sound , bought a digital recorder and microphone for Kim to hide in her clothes during the meeting .
They chose the patio of a coffee shop on Bloor St. W. , a block east of Bathurst .
" The outdoor patio made it easy to record the video from across the street , " Tripp said .
On Sept. 26 , the day of the meeting , Tripp rented an SUV .
He parked across the street from the patio , and waited .
" I had a virtually unobstructed view , " he said .
Ellis arrived at around 7 p.m. and Tripp started recording , only stopping at 7:33 p.m. when it got dark .
Several minutes later , Tripp saw Ellis and Kim walk away from the restaurant and noticed Ellis kiss Kim on the cheek .
Kim phoned shortly after .
" I asked her if she was okay , " Tripp testified .
" She was very stressed and tense and she did n't want to talk about it . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
That night he synchronized the audio and video on the tapes .
The tape , played in court , shows Ellis telling Kim he wants to be her friend , and that he was having second thoughts about rejecting her refugee claim .
" I 'm not going to fall in love with you , do n't worry about that , " Ellis tells her in the video .
The trial resumes March 8 .
In full disclosure , you should know that I love what technology can do for me .
I love that it allows me to continue the Professor Hobo strips via a web site and Facebook page .
I love that it allows me to share classic films with my wife via Netflix instant streaming .
I love that my cell phone not only gives me directions when I ’m in a new city , but also tells me where the closest Jamba Juice is , just in case .
Each of these is something that technology , as a tool , allows me to do .
I hate technology for its own sake .
Sure , I marvel at the newest inventions just like most others .
When I see the new 3D high definition televisions rolling into Best Buy I ’m as impressed as anyone , if not more so .
But I also question , what is the end benefit here ?
Do I have any real desire to sit on my couch with a pair of 3D glasses on all to watch Charlie Rose ?
Not really , and I really like Charlie Rose .
Like , really .
It ’s sort of unhealthy .
Please respond to my fan mail , Mr. Rose .
This topic came to my mind while on vacation recently in Nashville , TN .
While my cell phone guided my flawlessly to the Opry Mills Mall to meet a friend , it could not prepare me for the dumbstruck awe of the sight I was about to see .
There , in the middle of the mall , was a Coke machine .
Oh , but not any mere Coke machine .
No , my friends , this was a touch screen Coke machine .
Allow that to seep in for a moment .
It was a six - foot Coke Machine whose entire face was a touch screen video monitor .
Where is the benefit in this ?
What can a touch screen allow me to do with a Coke machine that a normal model would not ?
I was intrigued .
After playing around with the interface for a few moments , I came to the conclusion that it did two things .
First , it allowed me to spin around a 360 degree model of the bottle .
This was worthless .
Second , it was far more cumbersome to “ browse ” the different sodas this particular machine offered .
I actually had to scroll between two pages .
Really .
Now , the marketers among you may argue that just getting me to stop was the whole worth of this machine , and you might have a point .
I did buy a Coke later , though from a more mundane , traditional machine .
But the cost of this setup , in a building that only sells Coke products to begin with , seems ridiculous and pointless .
Coke might grab my attention once , but long term I ’ll buy a Coke not because of a fancy interface , but because I ’m thirsty .
It ’s technology for the sake of it .
On the other hand , I did just mention Coke ten times in an article that will be indexed by Google and increase its ranking as one of the most used terms on the Internet , thus increasing its brand value .
You win this round , Coke ( eleven ) .
Last Tuesday ’s announcement by the Israeli government that it will build 1,600 new housing units for Israelis in Palestinian East Jerusalem has unleashed an unparalleled furor .
It was announced while Vice President Joe Biden was visiting Israel and the West Bank to promote the start of new indirect peace talks , which had just been announced a day earlier .
Some are calling it a slap in the face to Biden and the Obama administration .
Others term it a wake - up call on the need for stronger U.S. action for peace .
Still others say it is a moment of truth for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his right - wing coalition .
Many commentators are noting Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ’s sharp 43 - minute phone call to Netanyahu on Friday , in which she said the announcement of the construction plan had sent a “ deeply negative signal ” that had damaged Israeli - American relations .
Clinton told Netanyahu that the U.S. expected Israeli officials to take “ specific actions ” to show “ they are committed to this relationship and to the peace process , ” according to State Department spokesperson Philip Crowley , quoted in The New York Times .
“ Such blunt language toward Israel is very rare from an American administration , ” the Times article said .
Crowley declined to say what actions the U.S. was calling for , but other administration officials said the United States “ hoped Israel would do something drastic enough to send a signal to the already reluctant Palestinian Authority that it was committed to the peace process , ” according to the Times .
This morning , the “ pro-Israel pro-peace ” Jewish American group JStreet said it was delivering to the White House nearly 18,000 signatures in support of stronger U.S. leadership for a two - state resolution to the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
The organization said the Israeli housing construction announcement for East Jerusalem was “ a wake - up call ” that “ business - as - usual peace processing ” is not working .
“ An urgency of purpose suited to the danger of the moment is missing – here in the U.S. , in Israel and in the American Jewish community , ” JStreet said .
“ The time has come for strong action , not more talk . ”
JStreet Executive Director Jeremy Ben-Ami said the crisis presented an opportunity for the White House to press for resolving the core issues , in particular the need to define a border between Israel and the future Palestinian state .
“ Bold American leadership is needed now to turn this crisis into a real opportunity to end the Israeli - Palestinian conflict , which is a fundamental American national security interest , ” Ben -Ami said in a March 15 statement .
Such efforts , he said , are also in Israel ’s interests , and would find “ vast support among American Jews . ”
East Jerusalem is on the Palestinian side of the pre-1967 Green Line dividing Israel and Palestinian territory .
One of the Palestinians ’ central demands is that East Jerusalem will be the capital of the Palestinian state .
Israeli housing construction in East Jerusalem , along with evictions of Palestinian residents , has been an ongoing issue .
Before the latest crisis , on March 6 , several thousand Israelis and Palestinians demonstrated in East Jerusalem against the eviction of Palestinians from their homes to accommodate Jewish settlers .
The Israeli government unilaterally “ annexed ” East Jerusalem following the 1967 war , and it insists that all of Jerusalem is part of Israel , therefore not covered by any settlement freeze .
But the uproar unleashed by last week ’s move may force Netanyahu to back off from that position .
“ I think that Netanyahu is at a moment of truth , ” Gideon Doron , a political science professor at Tel Aviv University , told the Christian Science Monitor .
“ He has to choose whether or not he wants to ignite the forces for peace , or whether he ’ll go against the U.S. and play for time .
He ca n’t do that .
It ’s suicide . ”
This morning , the Israeli news site YNet News reported that Israel would implement a “ de - facto ” construction freeze in Jerusalem .
YNet quoted a senior Israeli government source as saying , “ The price for the American insult will be a de- facto construction freeze across greater Jerusalem .
There will be no other choice , due to the government ’s stupidity . ”
According to this report , sources in the Israeli cabinet say the U.S. is demanding cancellation of the construction plan .
“ The necessary gestures will halt construction work in all settlements , ” the YNet article said .
“ Tenders that were in the works will be put on hold , even if those were part of previously approved projects .
In addition , … Netanyahu will have to extend building restrictions in settlement blocks once the cabinet decision expires in September . ”
The Israeli prime minister is not expected to make a statement officially calling off the construction , but , the government source said , “ the tense reality will force him to quietly enforce the construction freeze .
Furthermore , this freeze will include all construction in the West Bank today , ” and probably into the future .
Other possible Israeli “ gestures ” include agreeing to talk about “ final status ” issues during the indirect talks , prisoner releases and easing restrictions in the occupied territories .
Photo : Palestinian workers on a construction site in the East Jerusalem neighborhood that Israel calls Ramat Shlomo , where the Israeli plan would add 1,600 housing units for Israelis .
( AP / Dan Balilty )
WASHINGTON / NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - The Treasury on Monday pledged to sell its 7.7 billion Citigroup Inc C.N shares this year , a step that further reduces the government 's influence on the banking giant .
The Treasury , which acquired an outsized stake in the bank during bailouts in 2008 and 2009 said it would sell its common shares into the market “ in an orderly and measured fashion . ”
The United States owns 27 percent of the bank ’s shares , and stands to earn about $ 7 billion profit if it can sell near current values -- bringing its total estimated profit to more than $ 15 billion .
The Treasury said the sale will be based on a prearranged trading plan and the manner , size and timing of sales will be " dependent upon a number of factors . "
Morgan Stanley MS.N is advising the United States on the share sale .
The plan provided some relief to investors who feared all 7.7 billion shares would hit the market at once .
“ Everyone knew that Treasury was going to sell the stock .
The question was how , ” said Timothy Ghriskey , chief investment officer at Solaris Asset Management LLC , a Bedford Hills , New York money manager with $ 2 billion in assets .
Investors worried Citigroup would announce a Dutch - style tender or a lump - sum secondary stock offering that would drag down the share price .
Instead , a preset sales plan means a trickle of shares will enter the market every day .
“ This is a much kinder and gentler way , ” said Ghriskey , who owns Citigroup shares .
The bank ’s shares fell 3.25 percent to $ 4.17 after the Treasury announced its plans .
The orderly sale had been discussed in media reports for days , and many investors bought Citi shares when the deal was rumored and sold when it was announced , analysts said .
Treasury plans to release its contract with Morgan Stanley within 48 hours , a Treasury spokeswoman said .
Spokespersons for Citigroup and Morgan Stanley declined to comment .
PROFIT MOTIVE
A profitable exit of the Citi stake would mark a “ great PR victory for the Obama administration ” , said Greg Valliere , Washington policy analyst for Soleil Securities in New York .
“ There are many skeptics who never thought this day would come .
The Democrats are on a sugar high right now and will spin this as a big plus that their handling of the bailout worked , ” he said .
The profit could contribute to a turnaround in sentiment toward the Obama administration after the healthcare reform passage , a nuclear arms deal with Russia and signs of rebound in the economy , he said .
However , a return to normality for one of the biggest bailout recipients could hinder prospects for financial reform legislation , which aims to end the need for such bailouts , Valliere said .
“ But I think that a bill will get done , ” Valliere said .
HANDS -OFF
The government ’s plans to sell its Citi shares marks another step in the withdrawal of the United States as a major stakeholder in the company , which began during the financial crisis in 2008 .
“ This is the last of the big - bank rescues and it was the biggest of the big - bank rescues , ” said Doug Elliott , Brookings Institution senior fellow and former JPMorgan investment banker .
“ This is good news for everybody . ”
After the sale , the United States will continue to hold about $ 5.3 billion Citigroup trust preferred securities .
The bank raised more than $ 20 billion of capital in December to buy trust preferred securities held by the United States .
That transaction removed Citigroup from the category of banks receiving extraordinary assistance from the government , which meant the pay czar no longer had say over how the company pays its top employees .
The Treasury said the common share sales will not affect the remaining trust preferred securities or its warrants to purchase Citigroup shares , which is a potential source for further profits on the Citi bailout .
The warrants are worth between $ 140 million and $ 450 million , according to Linus Wilson , an assistant professor of finance at University of Louisiana at Lafayette .
Treasury has already banked an $ 8.1 billion profit on its sale of preferred shares .
Crikey reveals the results of a six - month investigation into the role PR plays in the Australian media , finding that 55 % of newspaper stories analysed were driven by PR .
Today Crikey launches an investigation six months in the making .
Spinning the Media is an investigation in conjunction with the University of Technology ( UTS ) Sydney into the role PR plays in making the media .
Under UTS ’ Australian Centre for Independent Journalism ( ACIJ ) head Wendy Bacon ( a Walkley Award - winning investigative journalist herself … ) more than 40 students have got up close and personal with the sticky end of the spin cycle .
They ’ve had to analyse , critique , question and then pick up the phone to ask the hard questions of the media and its reliance on public relations to drive news .
Hard questions , because this is what came out in the wash : after analysing a five - day working week in the media , across 10 hard - copy papers , ACIJ and Crikey found that nearly 55 % of stories analysed were driven by some form of public relations .
The Daily Telegraph came out on top of the league ladder with 70 % of stories analysed triggered by public relations .
The Sydney Morning Herald gets the wooden spoon with ( only ) 42 % PR - driven stories for that week .
Many journalists and editors were defensive when the phone call came .
Who ’d blame them ?
They ’re busier than ever , under resourced , on deadline and under pressure .
Most refused to respond , others who initially granted an interview then asked for their comments to be withdrawn out of fear they ’d be reprimanded , or worse , fired .
But to their credit , some editors were quite candid .
Chris Mitchell , editor in chief of The Australian , told UTS student Sasha Pavey :
“ It ’s very difficult I think , given the way resources have drifted from journalism to public relations over the past 30 years , to break away as much as you really want to … I guess I ’m implying , the number of people who go to communications school and go into PR over the years has increased and the number in journalism has shrunk even more dramatically . ”
Given the grim state of some of these papers , and the deep cuts to their workforces of late , in some ways it ’s surprising the 55 % is n’t higher .
But as Bacon and Pavey write today :
Thanks for signing up
We look forward to seeing you bright and early with your need - to - know talking points and tidbits for the day ahead .
Get Crikey FREE to your inbox every weekday morning with the Crikey Worm .
Please enter your email address Sign up
Our investigation strongly confirms that journalism in Australia today is heavily influenced by commercial interests selling a product , and constrained and blocked by politicians , police and others who control the media message .
These are uncomfortable questions , but you ’d be hard pressed to find a member of the media that does n’t think they ’re worth asking .
2203 stories . 10 newspapers .
A five day snapshot .
Six months ’ worth of research .
For the next fortnight , Crikey will be rolling out the results of Spinning the Media — a joint investigation with UTS ’ Australian Centre for Independent Journalism into the role that Public Relations plays in making the media .
Coverage includes in depth interviews with editors , journalists and public relations professionals plus features that breakdown the study into rounds like Health , Crime and Travel .
Read it all at the Spinning the Media homepage .
This content is exclusive to Crikey subscribers — to sign up for your free trial subscription , click here .
Here 's the link to the Facebook page that started it all .
http://www.facebook.com/...
What I find fascinating is that I have friends from all over the political spectrum and one by one they 're finding the Coffee Party -- and joining the Coffee Party Movment -- on Facebook .
Some of this movement 's founding principles is that they demand civility and reason in all public discourse .
Think about it -- if reason prevailed , how much wingnuttery would end ?
For too long , those with deep pockets have used their resources to say that government is bad .
Why do they think that governement is bad ?
They 're greedy and it takes their taxes .
They 're greedy and government makes them honor their civic responsibilities , such as to not pollute , to respect and employ diverse people .
They 're greedy and government makes them not offshore all business operations to countries that exploit their populations .
They 're greedy and they do n't want to fund parks , schools , trains , etc .
Institutions are n't just greedy about money .
Religous zealots are greedy for power and suppressing those that are different from them , and they have joined forces with the private sector to exploit the average Joe .
Unfortunately , the very people that government is poised to help the most have been convinced via the greed barons of industry and religion that government is bad , inept and interferes with their lives .
And government is poised to take one of the two nickels out of their pockets and give it to someone worse off than them .
Most people do n't realize that 95 % of people actually got a tax cut under Obama .
The Coffee Party movement in less than a month has five times the supporters of Organizing for America -- the relic of the Obama '08 campaign that Plouffe never got off the ground because he was writing / promoting his book .
I do n't think Tim Kaine is going to save us in ' 10 , but I think the Coffee Party Movement can .
What if this movement had existed in August when the town hall shouters were all the rage ?
( pun intended )
Supposedly , there are 110,000 Tea Party supporters in the assorted chapters across the country .
If we can get to 28,000 in less than a month , where will be by November ?
Also , the Coffee Party Movement is made up of some of the most creative and inventive people you 'll find -- not just astro turfers that Dick Armey hires to come scream and disrupt public meetings .
Have you seen the bumper stickers and t- shirt that say ,
Tea Parties are for little girls with imaginary friends ?
Here 's how to join , if you do n't use Facebook :
http://coffeepartyusa.com/...
Following in the footsteps of the Swedes and Germans , the Dutch Pirate Party has decided to join the national elections being held this spring .
The Pirate Party booked a surprising victory by scooping two seats in the European Parliament last year , but has yet to score its first elected seat in a national Parliament .
2009 was a breakthrough year for the Pirate Party movement .
With more than 7 percent of the vote , the Swedish Pirate Party secured two seats in the European Parliament .
A few weeks later , the Pirates in Germany entered the local Parliament after a member of another party switched sides .
In 2010 the Pirate Parties hope to continue this hot streak , especially during the Swedish national elections later this year .
However , Sweden is not the only country where a Pirate Party will end up at the ballot .
In the UK the local Pirate Party hopes to compete as well and the Dutch party has now decided to do the same .
In recent months there has been a lot of political debate regarding Dutch copyright law which currently allows people to download copyrighted movies and music for personal use .
Several established parties have shown interest in criminalizing file - sharers , something the Pirate Party hopes to avoid .
Instead , the Pirates would like to shorten the copyright term to 5 years and legalize sharing of all copyrighted material on the Internet .
Tim Kuik , head honcho at the local anti-piracy outfit BREIN , is not afraid of politically organized pirates and described the Party ’s plans as short sighted and unrealistic .
Samir Allioui , Chairman of the Pirate Party , told Torrent Freak that he ’s very happy with Kuik ’s negative comments .
“ He gives people a good reason to vote for us , ” he said , referring to the negative view that most people have of BREIN .
If elected , the party will do everything it can to stop abuses of copyright , promote Net Neutrality and push for patent reform .
The party is further committed to increasing transparency , strengthening fundamental rights and protecting privacy .
Despite the enthusiasm of the party ’s members , there is still a long way to go before they can actually compete in the election on June 9th .
One of the biggest hurdles is the requirement to deposit a sum of 12,000 euros , a barrier which is meant to prevent too many parties from entering the election .
Samir is confident that they will be able to raise the money in the weeks to come .
He encourages all sympathizers to become a member of the Party and help to get the Pirate Party on the ballot .
PART 2
PART 3
FULL TEXT OF OBAMA'S ADDRESS : ( This was the President Off the Cuff )
THE PRESIDENT : Thank you .
Thank you .
Thank you .
Thank you .
Thank you .
Thank you , everybody .
Thank you .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
Everybody , please have a set .
To Leader Reid , to Steny Hoyer , John Larson , Xavier Becerra , Jim Clyburn , Chris Van Hollen , to an extraordinary leader and extraordinary Speaker of the House , Nancy Pelosi , and to all the members here today , thank you very much for having me .
( Applause . )
Thanks for having me and thanks for your tireless efforts waged on behalf of health insurance reform in this country .
I have the great pleasure of having a really nice library at the White House .
And I was tooling through some of the writings of some previous Presidents and I came upon this quote by Abraham Lincoln : " I am not bound to win , but I 'm bound to be true .
I 'm not bound to succeed , but I 'm bound to live up to what light I have . "
This debate has been a difficult debate .
This process has been a difficult process .
And this year has been a difficult year for the American people .
When I was sworn in , we were in the midst of the worst recession since the Great Depression .
Eight hundred thousand people per month were losing their jobs .
Millions of people were losing their health insurance .
And the financial system was on the verge of collapse .
And this body has taken on some of the toughest votes and some of the toughest decisions in the history of Congress .
Not because you were bound to win , but because you were bound to be true .
Because each and every one of you made a decision that at a moment of such urgency , it was less important to measure what the polls said than to measure what was right .
A year later , we 're in different circumstances .
Because of the actions that you 've taken , the financial system has stabilized .
The stock market has stabilized .
Businesses are starting to invest again .
The economy , instead of contracting , is now growing again .
There are signs that people are going to start hiring again .
There 's still tremendous hardship all across the country , but there is a sense that we are making progress -- because of you .
But even before this crisis , each and every one of us knew that there were millions of people across America who were living their own quiet crises .
Maybe because they had a child who had a preexisting condition and no matter how desperate they were , no matter what insurance company they called , they could n't get coverage for that child .
Maybe it was somebody who had been forced into early retirement , in their 50s not yet eligible for Medicare , and they could n't find a job and they could n't find health insurance , despite the fact that they had some sort of chronic condition that had to be tended to .
Every single one of you at some point before you arrived in Congress and after you arrived in Congress have met constituents with heart - breaking stories .
And you 've looked them in the eye and you 've said , we 're going to do something about it -- that 's why I want to go to Congress .
And now , we 're on the threshold of doing something about it .
We 're a day away .
After a year of debate , after every argument has been made , by just about everybody , we 're 24 hours away .
As some of you know , I 'm not somebody who spends a lot of time surfing the cable channels , but I 'm not completely in the bubble .
I have a sense of what the coverage has been , and mostly it's an obsession with " What will this mean for the Democratic Party ?
What will this mean for the President 's polls ?
How will this play out in November ?
Is this good or is this bad for the Democratic majority ?
What does it mean for those swing districts ? "
And I noticed that there 's been a lot of friendly advice offered all across town .
( Laughter . )
Mitch McConnell , John Boehner , Karl Rove -- they 're all warning you of the horrendous impact if you support this legislation .
Now , it could be that they are suddenly having a change of heart and they are deeply concerned about their Democratic friends .
( Laughter . )
They are giving you the best possible advice in order to assure that Nancy Pelosi remains Speaker and Harry Reid remains Leader and that all of you keep your seats .
That 's a possibility .
( Laughter . )
But it may also be possible that they realize after health reform passes and I sign that legislation into law , that it 's going to be a little harder to mischaracterize what this effort has been all about .
Because this year , small businesses will start getting tax credits so that they can offer health insurance to employees who currently do n't have it .
( Applause . )
Because this year , those same parents who are worried about getting coverage for their children with preexisting conditions now are assured that insurance companies have to give them coverage -- this year .
( Applause . )
Because this year , insurance companies wo n't suddenly be able to drop your coverage when you get sick -- ( applause ) -- or impose lifetime limits or restrictive limits on the coverage that you have .
Maybe they know that this year , for the first time , young people will be able to stay on their parents ' health insurance until they 're 26 years old and they 're thinking that just might be popular all across the country .
( Applause . )
And what they also know is what wo n't happen .
They know that after this legislation passes and after I sign this bill , lo and behold nobody is pulling the plug on Granny .
( Laughter . )
It turns out that in fact people who like their health insurance are going to be able to keep their health insurance ; that there 's no government takeover .
People will discover that if they like their doctor , they 'll be keeping their doctor .
In fact , they 're more likely to keep their doctor because of a stronger system .
It 'll turn out that this piece of historic legislation is built on the private insurance system that we have now and runs straight down the center of American political thought .
It turns out this is a bill that tracks the recommendations not just of Democrat Tom Daschle , but also Republicans Bob Dole and Howard Baker ; that this is a middle - of - the - road bill that is designed to help the American people in an area of their lives where they urgently need help .
Now , there are some who wanted a single - payer government - run system .
That 's not this bill .
The Republicans wanted what I called the " foxes guard the henhouse approach " in which we further deregulate the insurance companies and let them run wild , the notion being somehow that that was going to lower costs for the American people .
I do n't know a serious health care economist who buys that idea , but that was their concept .
And we rejected that , because what we said was we want to create a system in which health care is working not for insurance companies but it 's working for the American people , it 's working for middle class families .
So what did we do ?
What is the essence of this legislation ?
Number one , this is the toughest insurance reforms in history .
( Applause . )
We are making sure that the system of private insurance works for ordinary families .
A prescription -- this is a patient 's bill of rights on steroids .
So many of you individually have worked on these insurance reforms -- they are in this package -- to make sure that families are getting a fair deal ; that if they 're paying a premium , that they 're getting a good service in return ; making sure that employers , if they are paying premiums for their employees , that their employees are getting the coverage that they expect ; that insurance companies are not going to game the system with fine print and rescissions and dropping people when they need it most , but instead are going to have to abide by some basic rules of the road that exemplify a sense of fairness and good value .
That 's number one .
The second thing this does is it creates a pool , a marketplace , where individuals and small businesses , who right now are having a terrible time out there getting health insurance , are going to be able to purchase health insurance as part of a big group -- just like federal employees , just like members of Congress .
They are now going to be part of a pool that can negotiate for better rates , better quality , more competition .
And that 's why the Congressional Budget Office says this will lower people 's rates for comparable plans by 14 to 20 percent .
That 's not my numbers -- that 's the Congressional Budget Office 's numbers .
So that people will have choice and competition just like members of Congress have choice and competition .
Number three , if people still can't afford it we 're going to provide them some tax credits -- the biggest tax cut for small businesses and working families when it comes to health care in history .
( Applause . )
And number four , this is the biggest reduction in our deficit since the Budget Balance Act -- one of the biggest deficit reduction measures in history -- over $ 1.3 trillion that will help put us on the path of fiscal responsibility .
( Applause . )
And that 's before we count all the game - changing measures that are going to assure , for example , that instead of having five tests when you go to the doctor you just get one ; that the delivery system is working for patients , not just working for billings .
And everybody who 's looked at it says that every single good idea to bend the cost curve and start actually reducing health care costs are in this bill .
So that 's what this effort is all about .
Toughest insurance reforms in history .
A marketplace so people have choice and competition who right now do n't have it and are seeing their premiums go up 20 , 30 , 40 , 50 percent .
Reductions in the cost of health care for millions of American families , including those who have health insurance .
The Business Roundtable did their own study and said that this would potentially save employers $ 3,000 per employee on their health care because of the measures in this legislation .
And by the way , not only does it reduce the deficit -- we pay for it responsibly in ways that the other side of the aisle that talks a lot about fiscal responsibility but does n't seem to be able to walk the walk can't claim when it comes to their prescription drug bill .
We are actually doing it .
( Applause . )
This is paid for and will not add a dime to the deficit -- it will reduce the deficit .
( Applause . )
Now , is this bill perfect ?
Of course not .
Will this solve every single problem in our health care system right away ?
No .
There are all kinds of ideas that many of you have that are n't included in this legislation .
I know that there has been discussion , for example , of how we 're going to deal with regional disparities and I know that there was a meeting with Secretary Sebelius to assure that we can continue to try to make sure that we 've got a system that gives people the best bang for their buck .
( Applause . )
So this is not -- there are all kinds of things that many of you would like to see that is n't in this legislation .
There are some things I 'd like to see that 's not in this legislation .
But is this the single most important step that we have taken on health care since Medicare ?
Absolutely .
Is this the most important piece of domestic legislation in terms of giving a break to hardworking middle class families out there since Medicare ?
Absolutely .
Is this a vast improvement over the status quo ?
Absolutely .
Now , I still know this is a tough vote , though .
I know this is a tough vote .
I 've talked to many of you individually .
And I have to say that if you honestly believe in your heart of hearts , in your conscience , that this is not an improvement over the status quo ; if despite all the information that 's out there that says that without serious reform efforts like this one people 's premiums are going to double over the next five or 10 years , that folks are going to keep on getting letters from their insurance companies saying that their premium just went up 40 or 50 percent ; if you think that somehow it 's okay that we have millions of hardworking Americans who can't get health care and that it's all right , it 's acceptable , in the wealthiest nation on Earth that there are children with chronic illnesses that can't get the care that they need -- if you think that the system is working for ordinary Americans rather than the insurance companies , then you should vote no on this bill .
If you can honestly say that , then you should n't support it .
You 're here to represent your constituencies and if you think your constituencies honestly would n't be helped , you should n't vote for this .
But if you agree that the system is not working for ordinary families , if you 've heard the same stories that I 've heard everywhere , all across the country , then help us fix this system .
Do n't do it for me .
Do n't do it for Nancy Pelosi or Harry Reid .
Do it for all those people out there who are struggling .
Some of you know I get 10 letters a day that I read out of the 40,000 that we receive .
Started reading some of the ones that I got this morning .
" Dear President Obama , my daughter , a wonderful person , lost her job .
She has no health insurance .
She had a blood clot in her brain .
She 's now disabled , ca n't get care . "
" Dear President Obama , I do n't yet qualify for Medicare .
COBRA is about to run out .
I am desperate , do n't know what to do . "
Do it for them .
Do it for people who are really scared right now through no fault of their own , who 've played by the rules , who 've done all the right things , and have suddenly found out that because of an accident , because of an ailment , they 're about to lose their house ; or they can't provide the help to their kids that they need ; or they 're a small business who up until now has always taken pride in providing care for their workers and it turns out that they just can't afford to do it anymore and they 've having to make a decision about do I keep providing health insurance for my workers or do I just drop their coverage or do I not hire some people because I simply can't afford it -- it 's all being gobbled up by the insurance companies .
Do n't do it for me .
Do n't do it for the Democratic Party .
Do it for the American people .
They 're the ones who are looking for action right now .
( Applause . )
I know this is a tough vote .
And I am actually confident -- I 've talked to some of you individually -- that it will end up being the smart thing to do politically because I believe that good policy is good politics .
( Applause . )
I am convinced that when you go out there and you are standing tall and you are saying I believe that this is the right thing to do for my constituents and the right thing to do for America , that ultimately the truth will out .
I had a wonderful conversation with Betsy Markey .
I do n't know if Betsy is around here .
There she is right there .
( Applause . )
Betsy is in a tough district .
The biggest newspaper is somewhat conservative , as Betsy described .
They were n't real happy with health care reform .
They were opposed to it .
Betsy , despite the pressure , announced that she was in favor of this bill .
And lo and behold , the next day that same newspaper runs an editorial saying , you know what , we 've considered this , we 've looked at the legislation , and we actually are pleased that Congresswoman Markey is supporting the legislation .
( Applause . )
When I see John Boccieri stand up proud with a whole bunch of his constituencies -- ( applause ) -- in as tough a district as there is and stand up with a bunch of folks from his district with preexisting conditions and saying , you know , I do n't know what is going on Washington but I know what 's going on with these families -- I look at him with pride .
Now , I can't guarantee that this is good politics .
Every one of you know your districts better than I do .
You talk to folks .
You 're under enormous pressure .
You 're getting robocalls .
You 're getting e-mails that are tying up the communications system .
I know the pressure you 're under .
I get a few comments made about me .
I do n't know if you 've noticed .
( Laughter . )
I 've been in your shoes .
I know what it 's like to take a tough vote .
But what did Lincoln say ?
" I am not bound to win , but I am bound to be true . "
Two generations ago , folks who were sitting in your position , they made a decision -- we are going to make sure that seniors and the poor have health care coverage that they can count on .
And they did the right thing .
And I 'm sure at the time they were making that vote , they were n't sure how the politics were either , any more than the people who made the decision to make sure that Social Security was in place knew how the politics would play out , or folks who passed the civil rights acts knew how the politics were going to play out .
They were not bound to win , but they were bound to be true .
And now we 've got middle class Americans , do n't have Medicare , do n't have Medicaid , watching the employer - based system fray along the edges or being caught in terrible situations .
And the question is , are we going to be true to them ?
Sometimes I think about how I got involved in politics .
I did n't think of myself as a potential politician when I get out of college .
I went to work in neighborhoods , working with Catholic churches in poor neighborhoods in Chicago , trying to figure out how people could get a little bit of help .
And I was skeptical about politics and politicians , just like a lot of Americans are skeptical about politics and politicians are right now .
Because my working assumption was when push comes to shove , all too often folks in elected office , they 're looking for themselves and not looking out for the folks who put them there ; that there are too many compromises ; that the special interests have too much power ; they just got too much clout ; there 's too much big money washing around .
And I decided finally to get involved because I realized if I was n't willing to step up and be true to the things I believe in , then the system would n't change .
Every single one of you had that same kind of moment at the beginning of your careers .
Maybe it was just listening to stories in your neighborhood about what was happening to people who'd been laid off of work .
Maybe it was your own family experience , somebody got sick and did n't have health care and you said something should change .
Something inspired you to get involved , and something inspired you to be a Democrat instead of running as a Republican .
Because somewhere deep in your heart you said to yourself , I believe in an America in which we do n't just look out for ourselves , that we do n't just tell people you 're on your own , that we are proud of our individualism , we are proud of our liberty , but we also have a sense of neighborliness and a sense of community -- ( applause ) -- and we are willing to look out for one another and help people who are vulnerable and help people who are down on their luck and give them a pathway to success and give them a ladder into the middle class .
That 's why you decided to run .
( Applause . )
And now a lot of us have been here a while and everybody here has taken their lumps and their bruises .
And it turns out people have had to make compromises , and you 've been away from families for a long time and you 've missed special events for your kids sometimes .
And maybe there have been times where you asked yourself , why did I ever get involved in politics in the first place ?
And maybe things can't change after all .
And when you do something courageous , it turns out sometimes you may be attacked .
And sometimes the very people you thought you were trying to help may be angry at you and shout at you .
And you say to yourself , maybe that thing that I started with has been lost .
But you know what ?
Every once in a while , every once in a while a moment comes where you have a chance to vindicate all those best hopes that you had about yourself , about this country , where you have a chance to make good on those promises that you made in all those town meetings and all those constituency breakfasts and all that traveling through the district , all those people who you looked in the eye and you said , you know what , you 're right , the system is not working for you and I 'm going to make it a little bit better .
And this is one of those moments .
This is one of those times where you can honestly say to yourself , doggone it , this is exactly why I came here .
This is why I got into politics .
This is why I got into public service .
This is why I 've made those sacrifices .
Because I believe so deeply in this country and I believe so deeply in this democracy and I 'm willing to stand up even when it 's hard , even when it 's tough .
Every single one of you have made that promise not just to your constituents but to yourself .
And this is the time to make true on that promise .
We are not bound to win , but we are bound to be true .
We are not bound to succeed , but we are bound to let whatever light we have shine .
We have been debating health care for decades .
It has now been debated for a year .
It is in your hands .
It is time to pass health care reform for America , and I am confident that you are going to do it tomorrow .
Green Bay 's 51 - 45 loss at Arizona included any number of subplots .
Here 's one of them :
On the final play of the game , Cardinals cornerback Michael Adams seems to have a hold of Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers ' facemask .
Rodgers fumbled the ball , and it was returned 17 yards by Karlos Dansby for a touchdown .
Discuss .
HELP US HELP OUR DOG LONNIE !
our little dog lonnie needs to have eye surgery , to remove her left eye
UPDATE : ( March 17th )
We reached our goal !
We are no longer in need of donations .
We received so many donations , it was amazing how quickly we reached enough to pay for Lonnie 's surgery !
Because of that , she will be able to have surgery immediately ( March 18th ! )
THANK YOU SO MUCH TO EVERYONE WHO OPENED UP THEIR HEARTS TO OUR PUP .
The outpouring was overwhelming :)
Background :
My boyfriend and I found a 6 year old dog on the street last September over Labor Day in the sweltering heat .
No collar .
No tag .
No chip .
Obviously abandoned by her original owners , we decided to keep her ourselves and give her a great loving home !!
Fast forward 6 months later :
This past weekend I noticed something was wrong with Lonnie 's left eye .
The vet and the opthamologist both determined that her left eye is severely damaged beyond repair .
Apparently , at some point before we found her on the street she suffered an injury to the eye that was ignored by her previous owners .
Since we were unaware of it when we found her , and it was not visible , it 's progressed to the stage it 's at now .
A cataract has already developed and now glaucoma is setting in , creating abnormally high pressure to the eye causing bleeding , infection , mucus , and severe pain .
Maintaining it with medication will only keep her comfortable for so long .
Her eye pressure is intense and uncomfortable and her left eye needs to be removed ASAP .
Thankfully she will be able to see 100 % from her healthy right eye , as she has been doing already .
We have a wonderful vet who will perform the operation , but the procedure will cost $ 900 .
I can't afford surgery on my own and I would never want to neglect such a sweet animal that I love and adore .
She 's an angel and my baby !
She is only 6 years old with lots of life and years ahead of her .
So I 'm calling out to my circle of people , if anyone has it in their heart to help .
Every little bit will help us help Lonnie .
But time is sensitive .
We need to have her operated on in the next week , and therefore need to scrape together money for this surgery immediately !
Lonnie found my boyfriend and I for a reason .
She knew WE would be able to reach out to all of YOU to help us take care of her and give her a fantastic happy life with us that she deserves .
ENGLAND'S World Cup hopes were back on track last night after Tom Cruise said he could heal his friend David Beckham using nothing more than a simple Dianetic mind poultice .
The Hollywood superstar said he had treated more than 10 million injuries exactly like Beckham's and that the midfielder would soon achieve the physical perfection of the mighty Thetan overlords who invented football more than 15 trillion years ago .
Dr Julian Cook , director of the L Ron Hubbard Sports Injury Clinic , said : " If you were to examine David you would see that he has in fact pulled the tendons inside his brain and they can only be unpulled with the timely application of a grade - four mind poultice . "
According to Cook the treatment will involve Cruise putting on a skin - tight silver jumpsuit , a pair of protective goggles and the Electric Gloves of Arkammon before sitting very carefully on Beckham 's face .
He added : " David must lie perfectly still while Tom slowly rubs his bottom against the nose and forehead using small circular motions and humming very gently .
" The super - intelligent healing electricity from Tom 's armpits will pass down his spinal column before being fired at high speed out of his anus and into David 's nostrils where it will then make its way to the injured brain tendons . "
An FA source said : " This has to work .
Defensively we 're strong and Rooney 's on fire but we are short of options when it comes to whiny - voiced clothes horses with comprehensively unbearable wives . "
Meanwhile the Beckham injury brings the number of potential England excuses to four including altitude , car - jacking and a fresh wave of John Terry skank explosions .
A spokesman for Cruise said last night : " This is an act of friendship and no money or favours are expected in return , though if David did want to get a tattoo on his back which depicts
Tom sitting on his face that would be a lovely gesture . "
DALLAS – North Texas Jobs with Justice has been conducting a series of public actions advocating for government intervention to stop the jobs crisis .
They sponsored a news conference of community leaders Feb. 5 in Lee Park near downtown Dallas .
The park honors Southern General Robert E. Lee and contains a big statue of Lee and a two - thirds - size replica of his home in Arlington , Va .
Both of these and several smaller constructions in the park are marked clearly as projects of the Works Progress Administration ( WPA ) in the late 1930s .
WPA was a government jobs project that fed thousands of families during the Great Depression .
Along with the Civilian Conservation Corps ( CCC ) , they created or enhanced most of the parks in America .
Most of their works have been eroded from memory , but several brass plaques in Lee Park still proclaim this important government - created jobs program .
Speakers at the news conference were religious leaders and the president of the Dallas NAACP .
Even though most corporate newspapers gave rosy reports about the three - tenths drop in “ official ” unemployment that was released by the Bureau of Labor Statistics that day , the speakers made it clear that long - term unemployment , the worst since the Great Depression , will not go away without direct government intervention .
It was also pointed out that African - American unemployment is drastically worse than that for white workers , and had actually risen with the January statistics !
National Jobs with Justice has joined with the NAACP , the entire labor movement , and dozens of church and other progressive organizations in a new coalition : Jobs for America Now .
It demands that unemployment benefits be extended immediately and that government funds be applied to create jobs .
After all , trillions of tax dollars have already gone to bankers and corporations .
Why not something for the rest of America ?
North Texas Jobs with Justice and its Workers Rights Board have announced another action for Friday , Feb. 12 .
It will be a public hearing of experts on unemployment , especially the unemployed workers themselves .
It is scheduled for 2 p.m. at Judge Sepulveda ’s courtroom , 415 S. Beckley in Dallas .
On June 22 , activists plan to march with nationwide forces in Detroit .
Photo :
The replica of General Lee ’s home in Dallas was a government sponsored jobs project .
( PW / Jim Lane )
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Images of the Earth from the edge of space have been captured by a helium balloon which can travel more than 20 miles above sea level .
Robert Harrison , of Highburton , West Yorkshire , developed the device after trying to find a way of taking aerial pictures of his home .
The images are taken by a camera in a box .
It is attached to the balloon , with a parachute and tracking device .
The balloon eventually bursts , returns to ground and is traced by Mr Harrison .
Mr Harrison , 38 , said the balloon - mounted camera project had cost about £ 500 .
" It is basically an insulated box that contains a camera and a tracking device , " he said .
" The box is launched with a parachute and a balloon , and off it goes into the atmosphere .
" The camera records pictures of the earth from about 35 km . "
Mr Harrison has so far launched about 12 balloons
Mr Harrison said the results had been " phenomenal " .
" I could never have expected to get the results I have - you can see the curvature of the Earth , the blackness of space and the thin blue line that makes up the atmosphere , " he added .
Mr Harrison , who has launched about 12 balloons , said he developed the balloon project after trying to find a way of getting aerial shots of his home .
" For a hobby I had this remote control helicopter and I wanted to take some pictures of my house using it , " he said .
" It very quickly became apparent I could not do it with a helicopter , so I decided on a balloon . "
Bob Harris , the eight - time Jeopardy champ who wrote a terrific Peru travelogue a couple of weeks ago for Boing Boing gave a great talk about the culture of joy as an international language .
It 's on YouTube now .
Last year I was asked by Web Directions North , a gathering of assorted bigshots from Google , Yahoo ! , etc. — people who literally convene to design the next phases of the Internet itself — to deliver the closing keynote .
The subject ?
The future of the Internet 's influence on global culture and politics .
Naturally , my take on it was illustrated with people dancing in the streets , teenage males being given fake boobs , and coffee made from civet poop .
I 'm happy to tell you it got a long standing ovation .
And now you can see the whole talk online here .
It 's broken into bite - size pieces , organized loosely by the point I 'm making , each about the length of a pop song .
The first chunk is above .
Made with 100 % yogurt and real fruit or fruit juice to refresh you from the inside out .
× Expand Robin Shepard
New Glarus brewmaster Dan Carey took more than a year to design his latest beer , a " No Coast Pale Ale . "
Along the way he sampled almost 100 varieties of hops and even traveled to Washington state to observe the hops being harvested .
While he admits to being a fan of big and bold bitter beers , Carey says he set out to make something more drinkable without all the " in your face " hoppy resins that stain the tastes buds and often end up making a beer too high in alcohol for drinkers to enjoy more than one at a sitting .
Well , if we can put an astronaut on the moon , then Dan Carey can design a better pale ale -- and he has , with a brew named Moon Man .
What is it ?
Moon Man Pale Ale by New Glarus Brewing Company of New Glarus .
Style :
The pale ale is characteristically lighter in color than the porters and stouts , thus the name .
It is a style known for medium - to high - hop bitterness in flavor and aroma , and a medium body .
The pale ale originated in the English Midlands town of Burton - upon - Trent , where extremely hard water and large additions of hops helped make for bitter beers .
English pale ales often have an herbal hop character in the bitterness and aroma , while American versions are more known for a citrus or resiny character along with some maltiness that is subdued to toasty or biscuity tones .
Pale ales commonly range from 4.5 - 5.5 % ABV , but some American breweries are known for much stronger pale ales .
Background : Dan Carey says that Moon Man is really neither British nor American , but it has characteristics of both .
Most notable is the hoppy nose to the brew .
Carey says that attribute makes it the most aromatic beer that his brewery has ever released .
Moon Man is made with five different varieties of hops ; four of them from Washington 's Yakima Valley and the fifth from New Zealand .
Carey uses equal amounts of the five and most are added during a dry - hopping process involving nearly 2 1/4 pounds of hops per barrel .
The malts that go into the beer are primarily from Wisconsin - and Minnesota - grown barley .
Moon Man is destined to become a year - round beer for New Glarus .
It replaces Hop Hearty
Ale in the brewery 's regular lineup .
The beer actually gets its name from a pet cat -- a very cool calico housecat belonging to one of the New Glarus brewers -- and his paw print appears on every bottle of the beer bearing his name .
Moon Man takes about three weeks to make and it finishes at 5 % ABV .
Moon Man sells for around $ 8 / six pack and just started appearing in local shelves during the past week .
Tasting notes :
Aroma : Firm , floral hoppinesss with a hint of fruity citrus tone .
Appearance : Brilliant golden color with a slight haze and a thick , soft , tan head .
Texture : Medium - bodied , bubbly and round .
Taste : Assertive hoppiness with an earthy or grassy bitter background .
Finish / Aftertaste : Light , but firm and solid dry bitterness .
Does n't last long , but bitter still ends strong .
Glassware : Moon Man has enough hoppiness that it will stand up well in a basic bar pint glass that also allows the head to expand above the body of the beer .
Pairs well with :
This beer has with just enough bitterness to complement light lunch sandwiches or even grilled brats and burgers .
It also makes an appetizer beer with spicy cheese nachos or even hot wings .
Rating : Four Bottle Openers ( out of four ) .
The Consensus : A ( outstanding ) at Beer Advocate , and not enough ratings to be evaluated at Rate Beer .
The Verdict : Moon Man is , as Dan Carey says , a pale ale with solid flavor , strong aromatics and sessionable qualities that balance the flavor and alcohol content .
The nose is indeed assertive , and its flavor is more under control than many APAs and IPAs , though some hop fanatics may find the brew a bit tame and far from the final frontier of bitterness .
However , appreciate this beer for what it is -- a firmly bitter beer with a great fresh hoppy nose .
It 's bottle conditioned , so expect just a little haze from the yeast .
It 's best to not let this beer sit around and age .
With all the aromatic hops , it 's probably at its finest as soon as you take it home .
I like Moon Man 's aromatic personality and for being very drinkable with just enough hoppiness that it does n't overtake a meal .
fashla
The Daily Star
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
The Washington Post
ileibler@netvision.net.il
The bureaucratic [ blunder ] of our dysfunctional government to forestall the announcement of a new housing project in Jerusalem during the visit of US Vice President Joe Biden provided a pretext for the Obama administration to launch one of the harshest condemnations ever leveled against us by a US government .
But while the timing of the announcement was appalling , it involved no breach of undertaking .
In fact , the Obama administration had previously publicly praised the Israeli government for making a “ major concession ” by imposing a settlement freeze which explicitly excluded Jerusalem .
The campaign was personally orchestrated by President Barack Obama .
His Vice President Biden accused us of “ endangering US lives in Iraq , Afghanistan and Pakistan . ”
Despite Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu ’s abject apology , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton accused him of “ insulting ” the US .
Obama ’s chief political adviser David Axelrod even claimed that the Israeli government was deliberately undermining peace talks .
These hostile outbursts must be viewed in the context of the fact that despite strong ongoing support for Israel by the American people , the US - Israel relationship has been on a downward spiral since the election of the new administration .
Former Mossad head Ephraim Halevy attributes this to Obama ’s determination to rehabilitate Islam ’s global tarnished image .
Yet his strategy of “ engaging ” Islamic rogue states has been disastrous .
The effort to prevent the nuclearization of Iran by appeasing the Iranian tyrants backfired with the ayatollahs literally mocking the US .
The response of Syrian President Bashar Assad to US groveling and the appointment of an ambassador to Damascus , was to host a summit with Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and Hizbullah terrorist leader Hassan Nasrallah and ridicule the US demand that he curtail his relationship with Iran .
President Obama did not consider this “ insulting , ” prompting the editor of the Lebaneseto say that “ the Obama administration these days provokes little confidence in its allies and even less fear in its adversaries .
” The Arab League refuses to modify its hard - line against Israel .
It insists that Israel unconditionally accept the Saudi peace plan , a full retreat to the ‘ 67 borders and the implementation of the Arab right of return which would signal an end to Jewish sovereignty in the region .
THERE ARE now ominous signals that to obviate their failures , White House strategists are cynically distancing themselves from us in order to curry popularity by capitalizing on the anti-Israeli hatred which has engulfed the world .
Despite continuously incanting the mantra that it remains committed to the alliance with Israel , the White House is not behaving in an even - handed manner .
Obama does not disguise his animosity and repeatedly humiliates our prime minister .
The administration “ condemns ” us for building homes , not in densely Arab populated areas of Jerusalem but in Jewish suburbs like Gilo and most recently Ramat Shlomo which most of us regard as Israel no less than Tel Aviv .
Instead of condemning the brutal Palestinian murderer of an Israeli civilian in December , the US requested “ clarification ” after Israel apprehended the killers who the PA extolled as heroes .
They failed to block a UN Security Council resolution criticizing Israeli police for protecting worshippers at the Temple Mount from Arabs hurling stones at them .
They even condemned us for authorizing repairs on Jewish heritage sites over the Green Line .
In stark contrast , the US has not publicly reprimanded the PA on a single issue over the past twelve months .
It is unconscionable that neither the White House nor the State Department conveyed a word of protest concerning the ongoing incitement and spate of ceremonies sanctifying the memory of the most degenerate suicide killers and mass murderers .
Not even when our peace partners President Mahmoud Abbas and Prime Minister Salam Fayyad personally partook in these ghoulish ceremonies .
In fact , during Biden ’s visit , the PA announced that they would postpone a ceremony to name a public square in Ramallah to honor Dalal Mughrabi , the female monster responsible for the abominable 1978 massacre in which 37 Israelis including 13 children were butchered .
Nevertheless the ceremony took place and the PA TV interviewed Mughrabi ’s sister who stated : “ This is a day of glory and pride for the Palestinian people .
We must unite , and our rifles must unite , against the enemy who steals our land . ”
The US failed to register a protest .
NETANYAHU HAS extended more concessions than any other Israeli leader .
His government immediately agreed to negotiations with the Palestinians .
In contrast , Abbas toldthat being confident that the US would ensure that the Palestinians obtained whatever they sought , he saw no benefit in negotiating with the Israelis .
This scenario is now being realized .
Netanyahu also overcame Likud resistance to a two - state solution and acceded to a temporary settlement freeze which no previous Israeli government was willing to consider .
He authorized the release of prisoners and reduced checkpoints , even compromising the security of Israeli civilians .
Yet , far from acting as an honest broker , the US effectively endorsed most of the Palestinian positions and is poised to pressure Israel into making further unilateral concessions .
In a recent chilling document , reiterated by Biden in the course of his condemnation of construction in Jerusalem , the US assured the PA that the principal objective of the “ indirect ” negotiations was not peace , but the establishment of an independent Palestinian state and that parties who adopted negative positions would be dealt with “ in order to overcome that obstacle .
” Our relations with the US will now be further tested .
Obama is surely aware that recent statements by his administration will only embolden the Palestinians and Jihadists to be more extreme in their demands , making it inevitable that the talks will almost certainly fail .
Some may infer that this is precisely his intention .
We will then be blamed for the breakdown and the US , with the backing of the Quartet and others , will then seek to impose a solution upon us .
There are certain red lines which no government of Israel may cross .
Netanyahu , on this occasion , must stand firm .
The current crisistranscends political or ideological differences between Likud , Laborand Kadima .
All mainstream parties should unite and convey to PresidentObama that Israel is a sovereign state and will not automatically bowto diktats of the US administration .
They need to make the USadministration and public understand that no government of Israel willagree to freeze construction in Jerusalem , the heart and soul of the Jewish people .
We may not be a superpower but the Obama administration will hesitateto pursue a path which rejects the consensus of the nation .
Ademonstration of unity against the unprecedented attacks on Israel ’ssovereignty by the Obama administration will also encourage the American people and Congress to publicly support and assist us toreaffirm the traditional alliance and bonds of friendship between ourtwo nations .
It will hopefully also encourage the Obama administration to relate tous with at least the same level of courtesy and respect it extends torogue states .
Happy 2010 !
I hope you like this one ( and I ’ve also updated the cast page ) .
This was supposed to be finished more than a month ago , but I ’ve been recovering from a nasty bout of tendinitis that took way too long to go away .
Regardless , things are fixed up now and I ’ve got plenty of surprises in store this year , including the first official DC book collection .
Thanks for all your support , whether it ’s financial , sharing this comic with friends or simply coming back for each update .
You guys really are the best of the best when it comes to comic readers , and I really am the luckiest jerk on the planet to have you and be able to make a decent living drawing goofy pictures .
Here ’s to another year of the uncompromisingly ridiculous !
- AD
A friend called me last night to tell me she was denied a promotion because she was engaged .
Planning her wedding , she was told , would mean she would be too distracted to do her new job properly and would probably end up having babies and leaving the company anyway .
What could she do ?
she asked me .
Well , she could sue .
Charlotte Hanna did .
The former vice president of Goldman Sachs Group filed a lawsuit in the Federal District Court in Manhattan this week , claiming that the bank demoted her because she elected to take advantage of its part - time track after her first maternity leave , then fired her while she was on her second .
The Reuters writer Jonathan Stempel cites the complaint as saying :
When Ms. Hanna decided to take the “ off - ramp ” provided by the firm to devote time to her children , there was no “ on- ramp ” that enabled her to return to full - time employment .
Essentially , the “ off- ramp ” was a direct path to a mommy - track that ultimately derailed Ms. Hanna ’s career .
The complaint includes the allegation that 75 percent of those “ selected for termination ” in the group that was fired when Hanna was , had recently taken maternity leave , making it “ clear that Goldman Sachs views working mothers as second - class citizens who should be at home with their children . ”
Hanna ’s lawyer , Douglas Wigdor , suggests that the economy is leading to an increase in such cases .
Managers , typically men , “ perceive that working mothers may not work as hard as men and may not be with the firm as long so they can be with their children , ” he told Stempel .
“ That can make women seem more expendable . ”
The Web site The Week , has a round - up of opinion on the case :
Hanna should have known better : “ Everyone knows that when you pledge your allegiance to Goldman Sachs , they own you , ” says Yael Bizouati in Mediaelites .
After “ the 36 - interview process , ” employees “ simply belong to them — body and soul . ”
So the fact that they “ got a bit annoyed when one of their own got pregnant ” is “ not surprising . ”
What is surprising , however , is that Hanna did n’t already know all this .
Discrimination is a problem — for women and men : “ Ms. Hanna ’s case is at the heart of gender bias on the Street , ” says Edmundo Braverman in Wall Street Oasis .
Firms choose men over women because “ they are willing to choose work over family . ”
Unfortunately , this is the same standard that creates “ so many thrice - married ( like me ) senior guys whose children treat them like contemptible ATM machines . ”
The bottom line : “ If your job is n’t your top priority , ” says KJ Dell ’ Antonia in Slate ’s Double X blog , “ then you ’re probably not your employer ’s top priority , either . ”
So , “ if your firm offers you a mommy track and you take it , ” then sue them because your “ luxury niche . . . becomes unaffordable , ” it ’s “ only going to make employers less likely to create a haven for willing parents the next time around .
“ If it ’s not a money maker , it ’s probably the mommy trap ”
What do you think ?
If a firm creates a part - time track ( for which you are paying someone less money ) can they then think less of someone for taking it ?
My friend , who has not been fired , just passed over ( and , essentially , demoted ) is not willing to risk her job by making a fuss .
Should she ?
CHICAGO – Thousands of transit workers and passengers rallied at the Rainbow PUSH Coalition ( RPC ) on March 27 to demand federal funding for public transit systems nationwide .
“ This is a national transit crisis , ” declared Rev. Jesse Jackson , president of RPC .
“ We say rebuild rail , make the steel in Gary , Birmingham and Pittsburgh .
Make the buses in Detroit .
Make the windmills in Indiana .
Put American back to work now . ”
Transit worker unions and RPC are forming a national coalition to save public transit and union jobs .
The rally was the first in a national tour to unite transit workers with the communities they serve .
While the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 allocated nearly $ 50 billion for surface and transit projects , including $ 8 billion for high speed rail construction , the recently passed Jobs for Main Street Act was mostly stripped of mass transit funding .
Jackson railed against federal and state policies , mostly written over the years by Republican legislators , which have choked funding for urban transit .
Services cuts and layoffs are especially impacting working - class , poor , African American , Latino and other communities of color .
Layoffs are also disproportionately hitting workers of color , and eliminating good paying union , family - sustaining jobs .
The coalition is demanding immediate passage of legislation by Rep. Russ Carnahan , D - Mo. , that would allow cities over 200,000 to use up to 50 % of their federal transit funding for operating expenses .
Unions are also demanding federal and state funding ratios be changed .
For example the Chicago area Metra system , which mainly services the suburbs around Chicago , gets five times more funding per passenger than the Chicago Transit Authority ( CTA ) .
The CTA laid - off 1,100 transit workers Feb. 7 to close a $ 300 million budget deficit .
The cuts resulted in the elimination of bus lines , longer wait and packed buses and trains .
But Chicago is not alone .
According to the American Public Transit Association ( APTA ) , 90 % of large transit agencies have been forced to raise fares or cut services and lay off workers in the last few years .
The Metropolitan Transit Authority in New York City is facing an $ 800 million deficit and may lay - off 1,300 workers .
Washington DC transit officials will lay off 150 workers to close a $ 40 million gap .
Trains are already bursting at the seams with passengers .
The Chicago rally brought together leadership from Amalgamated Transit Union ( ATU ) , Transport Workers Union and United Transportation Union .
“ We ’re talking about creating a new economy , but at the same time local governments are dismantling our transit system , ” said Harry Lombardo , Executive Vice President of the Transport Workers Union .
“ They ’re bailing out Wall Street , bailing out the banks and auto industry but letting transit die .
It makes no sense , ” he added .
“ I bring the solidarity of 38,000 New York City transit workers , ” declared John Samuelson , president of the Transport Workers Local 100 of New York City to cheers .
“ Our message is simple : we stand together , we win .
We stand alone , we lose . ”
APTA says there are $ 15 billion in public transit projects “ shovel ready ” and should be included in any federal jobs legislation .
This would create 450,000 jobs .
For each $ 1 invested in public transit , $ 6 is generated in economic return .
A $ 1 billion investment in public transit would create 30,000 jobs .
According to Tyrone Jordan , bus operator and ATU Local 241 member , the layoffs are overworking the remaining workers .
The money to solve the crisis has to come from the government , he said .
“ They ’re cutting mass transit everywhere , ” said Vern Hodge , abus operator and union rep for ATU Local 241 .
“ We ’re here to put up a fight for more funding . ”
In my last True / Slant post I explained why it is that quantum effects do not apply to the macro world because of the size difference between sub-atomic particles and ( say ) chemical reactions inside the neurons in your head , concluding :
During the debate Deepak claimed that the moon is nothing more than a soup of teaming quantum uncertainty .
No. Subatomic particles may be altered when they are observed , but the moon is there even if no one looks at it .
Deepak wrote a thoughtful response to this blog ( on his Blackberry while running on a treadmill with his agile thumbs no less ! ) :
When you see an object , the moon being the example you chose , your eyes are not really “ seeing ” the moon .
Your eyes are responding to photons that follow all the rules of wave - particle duality .
The electro - chemical reaction in your rods and cones sends an electrical current to your brain , an action potential that goes to your occipital cortex where it is registered as a particular intensity and pattern of electrical firings in your synaptic networks .
No image entered your eyes , no image enters your neural networks .
Yet you see the moon in your consciousness .
There was no moon till it was an experience in your consciousness .
Your brain is not registering pictures of the moon .
It is sensing a digital on - off code of photons or waves of electricity ( same thing )
The collapse of wave function that creates the moon is in your consciousness ( that has no location because its non local )
The moon exists in consciousness — no consciousness , no moon — just a sluggishly expanding wave function in a superposition of possibilities .
All happens within consciousness and nowhere else .
In fact , the sluggishly expanding possibility wave function is also within consciousness .
The same principle applies to any macro object including your own body .
That ’s why I said on Larry King that you are not in your body , the body is in you .
You are not in the world , the world is in you .
You are not in your mind ( thoughts are possibility waves till experienced in consciousness ) the mind is in you .
This “ you ” of course is not a person .
It is what Stuart Hameroff ( whom you quoted in your blog as generating heat but not light — alas they are the same thing — light and heat : ) ) says in an upcoming interview : “ I think a fundamental field of protoconscious experience has been embedded all along — since the big bang — in the ( quantum realm ) and that biology evolved and adapted in order to access it and maximize the qualities and potentials implicit within it — this could be the basic fabric of the universe . ”
Take care .
Shermer I agree with nearly everything you say here , except that the moon would exist even if there were no humans to observe it .
If all life on earth were instantly eradicated by a rogue asteroid , the moon would continue on its merry way about what would be left of the shattered earth .
In fact , even if there were no life anywhere in the cosmos , all those galaxies of stars would still be there .
Do you disagree with that position ?
That reality exists separate from us observers ?
Otherwise , would n’t that just be solipsism ?
Deepak I disagree .
Let ’s take a simpler example .
Let ’s say your looking at a rose , a beautiful red one .
What does it look like to a honey bee ?
The honey bee has no receptors for the usual wave lengths of light that you and I sense .
It responds to ultraviolet so I do n’t know what the experience of a rose to a honey bee but it has some experience , it is drawn to the flower and in fact makes honey out of it .
What about a bat who can perhaps sense it as the echo of ultrasound .
I do n’t know what that experience is like either because I ’m not a bat .
What about a chameleon whose eyeballs swivel on 2 different axes ?
I ca n’t even remotely imagine what that object looks like to a chameleon .
There are innumerable species who because of the nature of their sensory apparatus have a different experience of that rose .
The senses do not see a rose .
They register electricity !
The neurons do not see a rose , they sense ionic shifts .
What is the real look of the rose ?
There is no such thing !
It depends on whose looking and also the instruments of observation — in this case the instrument of observation is the nervous system .
( Of course that ’s where you and I differ because you say you are your nervous system and I say you are the user of your nervous system . )
Who is looking ?
A non-material observer .
What is it looking at ?
It is looking at possibility waves that collapse as space time events in its own consciousness .
That non-local observer is a single observer in all these different observations .
Schroedinger : “ Consciousness is a singular that has no plural . ”
You are the eyes of the universe looking at itself as a rose or the moon !
Rumi : “ Let the waters settle and you will see stars and the moon mirrored in your own being . ”
Every sentient biological entity is a singular consciousness looking at itself as a particular object .
The observer and observed are the same being .
The history of the cosmos is a history that is conceived in a particular way as if we were there or other biological organisms were there to observe it .
But just as you cannot have an electrical current without a +ve and -ve terminal in place , you ca n’t have an object unless there is consciousness and a collapse of wave function to create that experience .
There is now also a field called “ time symmetric quantum mechanics ” that says that information from the future fills in the indeterminacies of the present . ”
In other words the universe evolves teleologically .
Okay , Deepak , I think I understand the core of our disagreement : you are placing epistemology over ontology — how we know reality over reality itself .
I think this is a result of your metaphysics and the worldview with which you begin .
Since I privilege ontology over epistemology — reality over how we know reality — my conclusions will inevitably be different from your own .
On Larry King you stated : “ There are traditions that say the in - body experience is a socially induced collective hallucination .
We do not exist in the body .
The body exists in us .
We do not exist in the world .
The world exists in us . ” I wrote in my True / Slant blog that I did n’t understand this .
Now I think I do after reading you more carefully .
For you , the first - person “ I ” perspective is primary .
As in your example with the rose , without rods and cones to transduce the photons of light bouncing off the rose into neuronal action potentials that register in a visual cortex , there is no rose .
Of course , I could just as easily argue that without the rose there would be no photons to transduce into action potentials to register on a visual cortex .
So … which is the right perspective : reality first or I / self first ?
Reality takes precedence over self .
Why ?
Here is one answer .
Look at this photograph of the 36 - inch Crossley reflecting telescope at the Lick Observatory , which I visited the day before our Caltech debate .
It was through this telescope that the mysterious spiral nebulae were first imaged well enough for astronomers to conclude that they represent “ island universes ” ( galaxies ) far away from our own galaxy , and are not developing solar systems within the Milky Way .
But the “ imaged ” nebulae did not register on anyone ’s retina ( or visual cortex ) : it was imaged on a spectrographic plate — a machine , not a brain .
And those photons would register in that machine even if every human on earth disappeared that night .
Washington ( CNN ) --
A former State Department employee and his wife , accused of illegally aiding the government of Cuba for nearly 30 years , pleaded guilty Friday to federal charges .
Walter Kendall Myers , 72 , pleaded guilty to a charge of conspiracy to commit espionage and two counts of wire fraud .
He agreed to forfeit $ 1.7 million related to the two counts of wire fraud and to serve a life prison sentence .
His wife , Gwendolyn Steingraber Myers , 71 , pleaded guilty to conspiracy to gather and transmit national defense information .
She agreed to serve a sentence of between 6 and 7 ½ years in prison .
The couple , who appeared in U.S. District Court on Friday , were captured June 4 after an FBI agent posing as a Cuban intelligence officer managed to coax them into offering information on U.S. government personnel , authorities said .
In a diary quoted in the federal affidavit released in June , Myers expressed his opinions on the flaws of the United States and the appeal of Cuba .
" The abuses of our system , the lack of decent medical system , the oil companies and their undisguised indifference to public needs , the complacency about the poor , the utter inability of those who are oppressed to recognize their own condition ... , " he wrote of the United States .
" Have the Cubans given up their personal freedom to get material security ?
Nothing I have seen yet suggests that , " he wrote .
" I can see nothing of value that has been lost by the revolution .
The revolution has released enormous potential and liberated the Cuban spirit . "
The indictment said Kendall Myers , known to Cuban intelligence as Agent 202 , and Gwendolyn Myers , known as Agent 123 and Agent E-634 , engaged in activities " which spanned nearly three decades . "
Conviction on the wire fraud charge would carry a sentence of up to 20 years , illegally acting as an agent of a foreign government would carry a sentence of up to 10 years , and the conspiracy charge would carry a sentence of up to five years .
A Justice Department official previously told CNN that counterespionage agents had gathered information on the couple and set up an April 15 meeting at which an FBI undercover agent convinced the couple he had been contacted by Cuban intelligence and was to ascertain the scope of their activities .
They fell for the ruse , the department said .
According to court documents , the couple disclosed they had received coded messages via short - wave radio , had met with Cuban agents in Mexico and had been carefully watching for any sign of U.S. surveillance .
An affidavit released by the court said Kendall Myers first traveled to Cuba in 1978 and Cuban intelligence then began to develop him as a Cuban agent .
Six months later , Myers and his wife agreed to work for the Cuban service , it said .
After the April 15 meeting , the Myerses allegedly agreed to provide the undercover agent with information on the April 17 - 19 Summit of the Americas in Trinidad and Tobago , which President Obama attended .
Kendall Myers confided to the undercover agent that he had received a " lot of medals " from the Cuban government for his work and that he and his wife met and spent an evening with Fidel Castro in 1995 .
The affidavit quoted Kendall Myers as telling the undercover agent that he typically removed information from the State Department by memory or by taking notes , although he did occasionally take some documents home .
He also said he had delivered information that was classified as secret .
Myers retired from the State Department on October 31 , 2007 .
He had viewed more than 200 classified reports on Cuba in his final months , even though he was at the time an analyst working on European issues , the court document said .
CNN 's Paul Courson contributed to this report .
Finding Balance
System Builder Marathon , March 2010 : The Articles
Here are links to each of the four articles in this month ’s System Builder Marathon ( we ’ll update them as each story is published ) .
And remember , these systems are all being given away at the end of the marathon .
To enter the giveaway , please check out this Google form , and be sure to read the complete rules before entering !
Day 1 : The $ 3,000 Performance PC
Day 2 : The $ 1,500 Enthusiast PC
Day 3 : The $ 750 Gaming PC
Day 4 : Performance And Value , Dissected
Introduction
The $ 700 PC in last December 's System Builder Marathon was an attempt to get the highest overclocked performance we ’ve seen from our value - priced system .
Using just $ 92 dollars of our budget for a dual - core Intel processor and 92 mm cooler meant $ 250 could be allocated towards a powerful pair of Radeon HD 4870 graphics cards .
Skyrocketing DDR2 memory prices meant increasing the budget , dropping to 2GB of system RAM , or utilizing the cheapest 4GB kit of CL5 DDR2 - 800 available .
While the final result was a successful boost to application performance and high - resolution gaming , there was still plenty of room left for improvement .
The former PC was , honestly , a bit out of balance , with too little of our budget going towards the processor and system RAM .
In this round , we aim to improve the situation by utilizing a triple - core AMD Athlon II X3 435 and 4GB of high - speed DDR3 memory .
Gaming is still top priority for this system , so a single GeForce GTS 250 , Radeon HD 5750 , or even Radeon HD 5770 would offer nowhere near the level of performance we seek .
Remaining Radeon HD 4870s are far too expensive for us to consider a pair again this month .
But thankfully we have seen a reemergence of Radeon HD 4850s .
Newegg carried six models for us to choose from , two of them priced at just $ 100 .
While we have been criticized for going with dual GPUs in a value - oriented gaming machine , the fact remains that two Radeon HD 4850s offer far better performance than any single $ 200 GPU .
To get this level of performance from a single graphics card with one GPU , you would need to spend about $ 100 more for a Radeon HD 5850 .
A well - designed $ 500 - $ 600 gaming PC will more than likely sport just a single GPU , but an extra $ 100 or so can go a long way in terms of boosting gaming performance .
Component $ 750 Gaming PC Component Prices Price CPU AMD Athlon II X3 435 $ 84 CPU Cooler Xigmatek HDT - SD964 $ 22 Motherboard Gigabyte GA - MA790GPT - UD3H $ 105 RAM G.Skill Ripjaws 4GB ( 2 x 2GB ) DDR3 - 1600 Model F3-12800CL9D-4GBRL
$ 94 Graphics 2 x Sapphire 100245HDMI Radeon HD 4850 512MB $ 200 Hard Drive Western Digital Caviar Black WD6401AALS , 640 GB 7200 RPM SATA 3.0 Gb/s $ 75 Sound Integrated 0 Network Integrated 0 Case Antec Three Hundred Illusion $ 60 Power Antec EarthWatts EA650 650W $ 85 Optical LG Black 22X DVD Burner SATA Model GH22NS50 $ 24 Total Price $ 749
The budget for this round had been set to $ 750 to combat the escalating cost of memory and graphics cards .
Rather than solely focus on a price / performance ratio , we chose to use up the remaining funds and bump storage to the 640 GB Western Digital Black hard drive .
While some of these components have gone up in price , others are available for less , allowing this PC to be currently built for a few dollars cheaper .
George Mason Coach Jim Larranaga , the godfather of the midmajor coaches , has a dream Final Four .
He wants Butler , St. Mary ’s , Northern Iowa and Cornell to advance to Indianapolis , which would take the feel - good vibes of the first four days of this N.C.A.A. tournament and extrapolate them to unprecedented levels .
If there is one major theme that has run through the rollicking first four days of the N.C.A.A. tournament , it is that the committee has yet again undervalued the caliber of the midmajor teams .
There are 11 conferences represented in the Round of 16 this year , an astounding show of diversity for a tournament whose selection process seems to fight it .
Last year , the N.C.A.A. tournament committee invited just four at - large teams from outside the power conferences .
This year , that number doubled to eight .
Is it a coincidence that last year ’s tournament lacked the buzz of this year’s ?
“ How exciting is it when Cal plays Louisville in the first round ? ” Larranaga said of a first - round game in this tournament .
“ I could care less .
If you had Louisville against Butler and Cal against Northern Iowa , there ’s a lot of interest in seeing if the midmajors can compete with high majors on a neutral floor . ”
I ca n’t lie .
I ’m a little jealous of The Sreet ’s Scot Moritz .
Okay , I ’ll be honest .
I ’m really jealous of Scott Moritz .
Dude probably gets paid a lot of money to discuss things clearly above his pay grade , and no matter how idiotic , nonsensical , and incoherent his ramblings are , he has a perplexing amount of job security .
In the latest chapter from the “ Scott Moritz is a moron ” anthology , Moritz discusses how iPad thefts will serve as an unintended boon for Apple
“ I ’m a little concerned .
With so much attention on the device , it ’s gonna be probably some unintended consequences .
Picture , a lot of people run to the store , they ’ve got this thing , it ’s great , they ’re kind of flashing it in public , and it ’s gonna get stolen ...
You feel bad for the rich kids and the trendy types who lost this thing , you know , the only thing worse for them from the actual theft of it , is now they do n’t have anything to flash around , so I think they ’ll be running back to buy additional iPads .
I think this might be kind of an unintended consequence and a good thing for Apple – they ’ll be able to sell , you know , they ’ll be a second wave of of purchases . ”
I do n’t know what ’s worse – that Moritz has a job as an “ analyst ” , or that his drivel gets posted up on Yahoo !
Finance .
Practicing loving - kindness , like mindfulness , is n’t just for our private meditation time or prayers .
With practice , loving - kindness can actually become a way of being , a spirit of love that animates all our actions .
If we open up our eyes and our hearts , we can find countless ways during the day to practice acts of loving - kindness .
Indeed , whatever changes take place in our minds and hearts during sitting or walking meditation should naturally show up in our way of being in the world and how we interact with others .
Even loving - kindness meditation , as wonderful as it is for opening up the heart ’s horizons and the power of love , is no substitute for living love .
If we go from a meditative session of sending love and well - wishes to all beings , and then “ lose consciousness ” and forget to bring kindness , patience , and compassion to the people and situations we actually encounter in life , we are missing 98 % of our practice .
And this is true whether we are Buddhist , Hindu , Jewish , Muslim , Christian , humanist , atheist , or whatever !
If we want to be a kinder , more compassionate heart in the world , then we need at least two elements : first , the aspiration to be more of a loving presence in the world , and second , a willingness to practice presence so that our hearts do n’t miss the opportunity to embrace what ’s going on .
Oh , and no doubt we ’ll need lots of patience and forgiveness of ourselves !
Because even with the best intentions , it ’s easy to “ fall asleep ” or lapse into our own reactivity to difficult people and situations .
Whenever I head out the door of my apartment , I stop , even if it ’s for a moment , and do a “ heart check . ”
I embrace in my heart the sincere aspiration that my thoughts and actions be a blessing in the world .
One of the line ’s in Shantideva ’s Bodhisattva Vows is the aspiration that “ when anyone encounters me , may it never be meaningless for him . ”
If we see others with loving - kindness , hold them in loving - kindness , and feel tender toward them and our common humanity , then even a chance encounter with someone will not have been meaningless for the other person , or for ourselves .
Consciously , or unconsciously , others will feel the embrace of our loving presence , our compassion , our sense of shared humanity with them .
As people pass by us , we can make the effort to be a really see them , even if just for a moment , rather than being just caught up in the drama and rush of our own thoughts and feelings .
Some days , you may just naturally feel a great love for everyone and everything you see .
Other times , you may find you have to make a real effort to even notice others , let alone radiate any feelings of loving - kindness and compassion toward them .
That ’s OK .
Just notice that and compassionately look into what your indifference or aversion are all about .
If you find yourself cut off from others , it may be because you are cut off from your own heart , and are n’t feeling much love for yourself , let alone other people .
If you can notice this , then maybe the best thing you can do on your walk or drive is try to hold yourself in some sort of loving - kindness .
Actually , this self - love may be the kindest thing you can do for others , because if you ’re learning how to love yourself — or at least admitting that you could love yourself ! — you are going to be a nicer person to be around .
Others feel this love , even if it ’s not directed at them .
Love just radiates , and sensitive hearts will feel it , even if its directed inwardly .
Sometimes I actually say to myself when I see someone , “ May you be happy !
May you have great goodness in your life ! ”
This is especially easy if the person ’s demeanor or circumstance evoke compassion .
If you keep working with your heart , there will also be times when you just love for others simply because they are — just because it is such a miracle to be alive and to share this amazing world together .
When you see big masses of people , on the freeway , or on the subway , or on busy city streets , remember that these are the very people you were sending loving - kindness to when you were sitting mindfully and sending out the radiant wish , “ May all beings everywhere be happy !
Loving - kindness is natural to our awakening hearts , but it ca n’t be forced .
Some days we may feel angry , grumpy , irritated .
The last thing we want to think about or notice is “ others . ”
Satre famously said , “ Hell is other people . ”
Well , hell is us , when our unexamined state of mind is aversion to other people !
When we do n’t feel like love or loving , what ’s going on ?
What ’s that about ?
Be curious .
Look into it .
See what happens when you hold your aversion to others mindfully in thought — not judgmentally , but with tender compassion and curiosity .
You may or may not get psychological insight that helps you to change , but in a way , that does n’t matter .
From the Buddhist standpoint , what is important is that you work with your breath , mindfully watching the appearing and disappearing of feelings in your body .
As you do this , you can begin to see through the apparent solidness of those feelings .
You can begin to see for yourself the impermanence and changeability of your feelings .
They have no solid basis in us , but come and go like leaves in the wind .
As your sense that your painful , adverse feelings lack real solidity grows , you can relax into your breath .
You can just be .
Your heart begins to open up .
You can begin to let go because you are n’t adding the idea of “ me ” or “ mine ” to those feelings .
You ’re not even looking at the feelings as yours , or not yours , but rather seeing them impersonally as what needs to be comprehended with loving insight .
The Buddha describes the process this way :
“ In the sky , O monks , various kinds of winds are blowing : winds from the east , west , north and south , winds carrying dust and winds without dust , winds hot and cold , gentle and fierce .
Similarly , monks , there arise in this body various kinds of feelings : pleasant feelings arise , painful feelings arise and neutral feelings arise .
“ Just as in the sky above winds of various kinds are blowing :
Coming from the east or west , blowing from the north or south ,
Some carry dust and others not , cold are some and others hot ,
Some are fierce and others mild — their blowing is so different .
So also in this body here , feelings of different kind arise :
The pleasant feelings and the painful and the neutral ones .
But if a monk is ardent and does not neglect
To practice mindfulness and comprehension clear ,
The nature of all feelings will he understand ,
And having penetrated them , he will be taint - free in this very life . ”
Vedana - Samyutta
Loving - kindness and penetrating insight work hand - in - hand to free us from whatever would keep us from loving more .
If you aspire to be more of a loving presence in the world and practice , you will transform .
But be patient !
Do n’t judge yourself harshly if change seems slow .
When you feel cut off from your feelings , see if you can look within and comprehend what ’s there , or not there , as honestly and compassionately as you can .
Regular meditation practice is a huge help in developing the concentration and mindfulness to do this when we are not “ on the cushion , ” so to speak .
The aspiration to be a loving presence in the world is like sunshine pouring down on the rose that is our heart .
The warmth and energy of sustained , patient loving - kindness will cause our hearts to blossom .
Maybe we see our hearts as a tight , closed rosebuds , with only the promise of big , blooming love .
Maybe all we can see right now are thorns on a barren branch !
That ’s OK .
Do n’t give up !
Everyone one of us can bloom !
Do n’t underestimate what mindful , compassionate , discerning love can do .
The deep aspiration to be a loving presence in this world can even make buds appear where no buds seem to be right now .
And if our tender hearts have been terribly damaged or hurt by the cruelties , disappointments , and sorrows of the world , even that can be healed by the skillful means of an awakening heart and mind .
The power of loving - kindness should never be underestimated .
As the Buddha said :
“ Of all the ways you can think of , none has a sixteenth part of the value of loving - kindness .
Loving - kindness is a freedom of the heart which takes in all the ways .
It is luminous , shining , blazing forth .
Just as the stars have not a sixteenth part of the moon ’s brilliance , which absorbs them all in its shining light , so loving - kindness absorbs all the other ways with its lustrous splendor .
Just as when the rainy season ends and the sun rises up into the clear and cloudless sky , banishing all the dark in its radiant light , and just as at the end of a black night the morning star shines out in glory , so none of the ways you can use to further your spiritual progress has a sixteenth part of the value of loving - kindness .
For it absorbs them all , its luminosity shining forth . ”
- Itivuttaka Sutta
May this post be an inspiration to your dear heart and your aspirations to awaken it !
♥♥♥
37.871593 -122.272747
While giving a talk last week , someone asked about obeying the arrow laws with CHP processes .
The long and the short of it is that the arrow laws mean that arr id >>> arr id should be equivalent to arr id .
But with the instance I have in chp-plus , the former is two processes and the latter one — and each process introduces one place of buffering .
If you put in the same input you ’ll get the same output with both , but with different buffering behaviour ( this is already pointed out in the documentation ) .
The same issue came up again later in the day with process fusion ( more on that another time ) .
Extended Inputs
The way to resolve the problem of how much buffering to introduce is quite simple in retrospect : do n’t introduce any buffering , anywhere .
Then there is no issue of adding or removing it with the laws .
We can easily eliminate buffering in CHP using extended input .
Extended input means that when you read from a channel , you keep the writer waiting longer than usual , while the reader performs an extra action .
The API in CHP is quite straightforward :
extReadChannel :: ReadableChannel r => r a -> ( a -> CHP b) ->
CHP b
The function takes an incoming channel end , an action to perform with the value , and then performs an extended input using your given action .
Note that if you need the read value after the action , you ’ll have to return it yourself as part of the “ b ” type .
Here is the relevant extended identity process , compared to the identity process ( minus poison handling ) :
id , extReadId :: Chanin a -> Chanout a -> CHP ( ) id = forever ( readChannel input >>= writeChannel output ) extReadId = forever ( extReadChannel input ( writeChannel output ) )
They share the same type but have slightly different behaviour .
The key thing is that two of these extended identity processes composed next to each other have the same behaviour as one of these extended identity processes : extReadId < = > extReadId = extReadId .
So if we build our arrow instance on these , we can avoid the buffering problem and fully obey the arrow laws .
Proof
This claim of identical behaviour can actually be proved using the FDR model checker for CSP .
FDR does n’t know about extended inputs , but an extended input can be formalised using a channel communication followed by an acknowledgement ; the extended action takes place before the acknowledgement is sent .
So here is the extended identity process from above in FDR script , parameterised by two pairs of data and ack channels :
EXTID ( left , leftack , right , rightack ) = left ?x -> right !x -> rightack ?ack -> leftack !ack -> EXTID ( left , leftack , right , rightack )
FDR has an awkwardness that all its channels must be declared at the top - level , hence we declare the extra “ middle ” channels used to compose two of these processes at the top level :
datatype ACK = ack channel midack2C : ACK channel mid2C EXTID2 ( left , leftack , right , rightack ) = EXTID ( left , leftack , mid2C , midack2C ) [ | {| mid2C , midack2C |} |] EXTID ( mid2C , midack2C , right , rightack ) \ {| mid2C , midack2C |}
The two composed processes synchronise together on mid2C and midack2C ( but not the other channels ) .
We then hide ( backslash is hide ) these events so that they are not visible outside .
Without this hiding we would not have equivalence because some outside process could synchronise on mid2C and break everything ; hiding makes sure these events are contained .
All we then need are some more channel declarations and our assertions of equality :
channel leftackC , rightackC : ACK channel leftC , rightC assert EXTID ( leftC , leftackC , rightC , rightackC ) [ FD= EXTID2 ( leftC , leftackC , rightC , rightackC ) assert EXTID2 ( leftC , leftackC , rightC , rightackC ) [ FD= EXTID ( leftC , leftackC , rightC , rightackC )
The last two lines express refinement ; you can think of this as expressing that one process is as general in its behaviour as another .
The refinement operator is anti-symmetric , so expressing it twice in different directions like this is asserting equality of the two processes — a strong relationship .
Putting all the above together we can run FDR and get the vital output :
This FDR release is for academic teaching and research purposes only .
For any other use , please contact Formal Systems ( Europe ) Ltd at enquiries@fsel.com to obtain a commercial licence .
Checking EXTID ( leftC, leftackC , rightC, rightackC ) [ FD= EXTID2 ( leftC, leftackC , rightC, rightackC ) ... snip true Checking EXTID2 ( leftC, leftackC , rightC , rightackC ) [ FD= EXTID ( leftC, leftackC , rightC, rightackC ) ... snip true
Inductively , if composing two extended identity processes together is the same as one extended identity process , any chain of N extended identity processes is equivalent to a single one .
And the map process ( on which the arrow instance is based ) has the same communication pattern , so the result applies there too if we construct an extended map process : extMap f < = > ext Map g = extMap ( f.g )
Saturday , February 13th
Men
There are no games on this day .
Women
Switzerland 0 Final Sweden 3
The sensor can be integrated into existing manufacturing methods
Tiny semiconductor particles known as " quantum dots " have been used in a sensor that could make for mobile phone cameras that outperform larger cousins .
A film made from these dots is more light - sensitive than existing approaches to camera sensors , according to its makers , Invisage .
That means that cameras made using the film need not be as large as some to achieve the same performance .
InVisage suggests the films will make it into camera production by mid-2011 .
Digital camera sensors rely on silicon to do the crucial business of turning incoming light into an electric charge that the camera can measure and translate into an image .
But the way silicon - based sensors are produced means that in many cases the light is partially blocked by the electronic connections that make the sensor work .
Combined with the fact that silicon can turn only half of the incident light into electric charge , capturing light using silicon throws away about 75 % of the light .
" It is becoming increasingly difficult and expensive to develop next - generation image sensors using silicon ; essentially , silicon has hit a wall , " said Jess Lee , the company 's chief executive .
" The fundamental problem is that silicon cannot capture light efficiently , but until now it has been the only option . "
That is where quantum dots come in .
They are so named because they are single , tiny dots of semiconductor material whose light - absorbing properties - their predilection to absorb specific " quanta " of light energy - can be tightly controlled during manufacture .
Invisage makes a soup of these quantum dots and spins it into what it calls a Quantum Film .
The firm said the approach could be easily integrated to existing semiconductor manufacturing methods .
Because each quantum dot is so small , up to three times as many " pixels " can be squeezed into a given space , and the higher sensitivity gives better performance in low - light conditions .
The company will formally unveil the technology at the Demo conference in California , which runs from 21 to 23 March .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Stimulus :
One year later
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Wednesday marks the one - year anniversary of the stimulus bill , and from here on out the pace of spending should pick up , according to administration officials .
The federal government expects to spend more money on projects -- such as high - speed rail -- rather than payments to states and individuals , according to Vice President Joe Biden , who released his annual stimulus progress report Wednesday .
On Feb. 17 , 2009 , Congress passed a $ 787 billion economic stimulus program -- the largest in the nation 's history -- and it has elicited both praise and scorn .
The White House is mounting an all - out campaign this week to tout the benefits of the Recovery Act , saying the package has largely lived up to its promises of stemming job losses and boosting economic growth .
Administration officials are touring the nation to highlight stimulus - funded work and detailing where the money has been spent in the past 12 months .
Through the end of January , some $ 334 billion in spending has been approved , of which $ 179 billion has actually left federal coffers .
Another $ 119 billion has gone to tax cuts .
" Our work is far from over , but we have rescued this economy from the worst of this crisis , " said President Obama on Wednesday , though he noted many Americans may not feel the Recovery Act 's impact because they remain unemployed .
Detractors , however , counter that stimulus has been a waste of money and produced few jobs .
And few Americans believe the stimulus program is really working .
Only 36 % of respondents said the Recovery Act is helping the economy , according to a recent CNN poll .
" In the first year of the trillion - dollar stimulus , Americans have lost millions of jobs , the unemployment rate continues to hover near 10 % , the deficit continues to soar and we 're inundated with stories of waste , fraud and abuse , " said Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R - Ky .
" This was not the plan Americans asked for or the results they were promised . "
Shifting the mix
In the coming months , the pace and mix of spending will change , senior administration officials said .
Until this point , the bulk of the spending has been on tax relief and direct aid -- such as unemployment benefits -- in order to stop the economic freefall .
Going forward , the government will distribute $ 32 billion in Recovery
Act funds per month , up from an average $ 27 billion a month over the past year , according to Biden 's annual report .
To date , only $ 31 billion has been spent on projects -- such as infrastructure , high - speed rail , broadband and health technology .
But in the second phase of the act , the amount of money going to these initiatives will more than double to $ 7 billion a month as the work ramps up .
The administration views this spending as setting the stage for a lasting expansion .
" Many projects are just now getting underway , and will be creating jobs throughout 2010 and beyond , " said Biden , noting that the administration will announce an additional $ 1.5 billion of surface transportation projects Wednesday .
" Work on many Recovery Act projects will accelerate in the spring and summer months as weather conditions permit work on roads , bridges , water projects , and Superfund site clean ups . "
Payments to states and individuals will fall to $ 11 billion , from $ 14 billion , per month .
Much of this spending -- such as Medicaid funding and additional unemployment benefits -- was meant to stabilize the economy during the recession .
The administration will reach its goal to disburse 70 % of the Recovery Act funds , or $ 551 billion , by Sept. 30 , senior administration officials said .
The Congressional Budget Office recently hiked the cost estimate of the Recovery Act to $ 862 billion , though the administration still uses the original $ 787 billion figure .
Shortcomings highlighted
Republicans , however , were quick to point out stimulus ' shortcomings , stressing the nation 's stubbornly high unemployment rate , which stands at 9.7 % .
" Taxpayers are n't getting their money 's worth from the trillion - dollar ' stimulus ' and struggling families and small businesses are rightly asking , ' Where are the jobs ? ' , " said Rep. John Boehner , R - Ohio , the House 's top Republican .
Republican Whip Rep. Eric Cantor , R - Va. , said states have lost a total of 2.9 million jobs between the bill 's enactment last February through December , though the administration projected stimulus would save or create 3.5 million positions .
In the final quarter of last year , the Recovery Act funded 595,263 direct jobs , according to Recovery.gov .
The figure is based on about 160,000 reports from state , local and corporate recipients who have spent $ 57.9 billion in stimulus money .
It does not tally jobs created indirectly through companies buying supplies for stimulus projects , people spending their tax cuts , increased unemployment benefits and the like .
In total , the economic stimulus program has boosted employment by 1.5 million to 2 million jobs , the president 's chief economic adviser said in mid-January .
That number is derived from a mathematical formula based on how much money has flowed out the federal door .
A week ago , the president 's top economic adviser praised the Recovery Act , calling it the " great unsung hero of the past year . "
Council of Economic Advisers Chair Christina
Romer reiterated that the program has funded up to 2 million jobs and helped turn the economy around .
Adapted from Jim Lahey , Sullivan Street Bakery
Time : About 1 ½ hours plus 14 to 20 hours ’ rising
3 cups all - purpose or bread flour , more for dusting
¼ teaspoon instant yeast
1¼ teaspoons salt
Cornmeal or wheat bran as needed
1 . In a large bowl combine flour , yeast and salt .
Add 1 5/8 cups water , and stir until blended ; dough will be shaggy and sticky .
Cover bowl with plastic wrap .
Let dough rest at least 12 hours , preferably about 18 , at warm room temperature , about 70 degrees .
2 . Dough is ready when its surface is dotted with bubbles .
Lightly flour a work surface and place dough on it ; sprinkle it with a little more flour and fold it over on itself once or twice .
Cover loosely with plastic wrap and let rest about 15 minutes .
3 . Using just enough flour to keep dough from sticking to work surface or to your fingers , gently and quickly shape dough into a ball .
Generously coat a cotton towel ( not terry cloth ) with flour , wheat bran or cornmeal ; put dough seam side down on towel and dust with more flour , bran or cornmeal .
Cover with another cotton towel and let rise for about 2 hours .
When it is ready , dough will be more than double in size and will not readily spring back when poked with a finger .
Cleaner coal , nuclear , solar , wind : these are some of the options for power generation to feed the U.S. 's electric power requirements .
That need is expected to grow by 30 percent during the next 25 years , according to the Energy Information Administration , even with a slew of energy - efficiency measures and improvements to the grid infrastructure that delivers the electricity .
But the primary source of electricity in 2034 , according to a new projection from consulting firm Black & Veatch , will be natural gas .
It is the fossil fuel with the least greenhouse gas impact on the atmosphere — burning it releases 43 percent less CO2 than burning coal — and looks set to increase its share of the electricity market , even with looming regulations to restrain climate - changing emissions .
And there 's this boost , too : new , vast reserves of natural gas found in places like the Marcellus Shale Formation , which stretches from West Virginia to New York State .
By 2034 , according to Black & Veatch , nearly half of U.S. electricity will come from natural gas combustion turbines or combined - cycle units , whereas conventional coal - fired generation will shrink to just 23 percent ( although few of the power plants will be shut down ) .
Nuclear will grow to provide nearly 150,000 megawatts of electricity as renewables jump from just 54,000 megawatts today ( excluding hydroelectric dams ) to more than 165,000 megawatts in 2034 .
Mark Griffith , head of Black & Veatch 's power market analysis , spoke with ScientificAmerican.com about the U.S. electric grid 's future configuration of energy sources .
[ An edited transcript of the interview follows . ]
You recently released a survey of electric utility CEOs .
What did you find ?
It 's a very interesting survey .
On the one hand , it illustrates there is a wide range of opinion in utilities on what needs to be done .
Some people are skeptical of the need for carbon legislation and others think it 's very important .
Looking at the survey and what 's going on in the industry , regardless of people 's personal or political opinions they want to move towards a lower carbon footprint for the power sector .
A lack of legislation right now in some corners creates more concern .
It 's hard to plan for the future if you do n't know what that future is from a regulatory standpoint .
Assuming something does happen , the survey supports the concept that utilities see nuclear as a reliable green technology , quite different from what people would have thought 10 years ago .
Nuclear has been recast , at least that 's how industry is looking at it .
Is there a future for coal ?
There still seems to be a lot of interest in coal - fired generation for some time frame .
Is there a future for coal ?
Overall , the answer is yes .
We still have a certain amount of reliance on coal for a fairly long period of time in our baseline view of how things would unfold .
How is that is possible — even with Waxman–Markey type legislation [ the pending American Clean Energy and Security Act passed by the House ] in place , which is what we assume in our baseline ?
By 2014 , [ under that legislation ] there are standards you have to start meeting and they get stricter over time … .
The concept of compliance is melded with the availability of offsets [ reductions of greenhouse emissions elsewhere , such as trees in Alaska that are not cut down could count against coal - fired power plant emissions in Alabama ] that are allowed for in the legislation .
There is a presumption that all sectors including the electric utility industry will have access to some global market of offsets and can utilize them at some cost to them .
That allows for compliance as the rules get tighter .
You do n't just make a fall - off – the - cliff type of change in year one of legislation like that .
It is structured to allow for transition , some of that is in allocation of allowances in the early years … .
It pushes you into a world of utilities needing to get in line with really reducing carbon emissions out in [ the ] 2030s rather than sooner .
You do n't have to shut down all the coal plants tomorrow .
You can have a long - term strategy relying on reasonably priced offsets .
With a bill like Waxman–Markey it 's not this terrible thing that would force people to change behavior dramatically quickly .
It does force behavior change , but it 's more phased in over time .
You predict a big switch from coal to natural gas going forward , however .
Why ?
Even with demand - side management and energy efficiency , we still expect some growth in electricity demand .
There 's still a need for that type of dispatchable [ sic ] thermal [ heat - producing ] resource .
Natural gas is the best candidate remaining .
That trend [ of switching from coal to natural gas , which already exists ] continues even with a moderate level of carbon emission prices .
The natural gas stays as a competitive fuel .
You 're not going to build more conventional coal - fired power plants .
We 're at the tail end of the [ coal ] building cycle of what 's going on now — and that 's pretty much the end of that .
You 're waiting for a breakthrough on carbon capture and storage and , when that happens , then you could resume on coal .
If not , I do n’t think we 'll build anymore .
As carbon prices go up , it starts to become cost effective to back down less efficient coal units or higher - delivered - cost coal and run gas units more … .
Gas is taking on a more significant energy role .
You already have gas base load power plants [ which provide a continuous supply of electricity ] in the west .
It 's a bigger shift in the east , where there 's been more reliance on coal - fired capacity .
You get out to 2040 – 2050 , you are retiring a lot of the coal fleet at some point .
To the extent that you 're still relying on thermal generation , you 're relying on natural gas .
Do we have enough natural gas to meet that demand ?
We 're assuming that issues related to gas shales , environmental issues about groundwater , and the [ general ] use of water get solved .
Those look like solvable issues that do n't take a technological breakthrough .
It 's an expense that 's incurred .
I do n't see gas shales having an insurmountable environmental problem that is expensive to fix .
Of course , there are the unknown unknowns — you do n't know .
But there 's certainly nothing that would indicate that …concerns … today for Marcellus and other [ natural gas sites ] will stop the development of gas shales .
There 's more and more capital flowing into that [ because ] it does take a lot of capital investment .
Gas - shale wells produce quickly and die young .
You have to keep on drilling .
What about nuclear ?
Nuclear is something that utilities have just been avoiding because of the perception of the political unacceptability of it and the relatively high capital cost .
If you can build a coal plant why would you bother to build a nuclear plant in the U.S. ?
It 's the easier solution to do .
The loan guarantee program seems to be essential , given the magnitude of investment in a single one - or two - unit plant relative to the market capitalization of the companies that would own them .
It 's low cost relative to the amount of money [ the government is ] providing .
A further expansion of the loan guarantee program seems the best way to encourage new nuclear .
[ But ] you would expect there to be a lot of resistance — a wave of resistance to nuclear plants — just as there is currently resistance to coal plants .
That battle is yet to come … .
Can you even get another 200,000 megawatts of nuclear plants ?
And renewables ?
Under your forecast , they grow from 5 percent of electricity supply to 13 percent , excluding hydropower .
What makes that up ?
It 's primarily wind .
That 's the lion 's share of it .
There 's a little geothermal in there and a little solar .
There 's been a lot of advancements in thin - film technology but the balance of [ a solar power ] plant [ all the materials other than the photovoltaic cells themselves ] is not getting any cheaper .
The [ solar ] cells are getting cheaper , and it's not at all clear where the bottom for that is .
I think there 's some validity to the arguments made by folks from the [ information technology ] sector that say , look at the advances we 've had .
We 've had the transistor , integrated circuits .
It does look like there 's some significant room for improvement [ in photovoltaics ] and it will have more dramatic advances than in coal or any thermal technology , which is already pushing against its theoretical limits .
Eventually [ photovoltaics ] is going to break through .
Solar is still kind of expensive as any utilities soliciting bids for renewables will tell you .
It 's not cheap yet .
Does that mean there will be more storage of electricity ?
We do n't have a lot in the baseline view .
We have n't seen the economics of that pan out yet … .
It 's really hard to generate storage other than batteries , which are kind of expensive .
It 's really hard to generate the cost of pumped - hydro or compressed - air storage .
Every situation for that is so unique .
Some can come through but , bluntly , it 's been difficult for new storage other than some isolated demonstrations .
Do your predictions for the electricity generation mix put us on a path to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 80 percent by 2050 , as President Obama has called for ?
It does not get us halfway there .
[ But ] once again , it gets back to the amount of offsets that are available .
This is an industry emitting 2.5 billion tons per year and would like to get down to 500 million to be in compliance .
So are there two billion tons of offsets floating around ?
There 's a lot of slop in the offset number .
But you can pick up 500 million [ in ] offsets and have a decent build out of natural gas .
Nuclear could fill a good piece of that role .
There 's a lot of uncertainty out there .
So what is Black & Veatch actually building today for clients ?
We do a lot of things : coal overseas ; we do a lot of work in water ; gas plants ; wind and renewables in general ; biomass .
We 're doing a portfolio of different things … .
New construction is going to be renewables or gas for us right now — if it 's domestic .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The upper house of India 's parliament has approved a bill to reserve a third of all seats in the national parliament and state legislatures for women .
The bill was passed with 186 members of the 245 - seat house voting in favour .
Only one member voted against .
Several smaller parties boycotted the vote .
The bill 's introduction on Monday led to uproar from opponents , resulting in the suspension of seven MPs on Tuesday .
First proposed in 1996 , the bill now has support from India 's main parties .
ANALYSIS By Soutik Biswas
BBC News , Delhi
This is one affirmative action which large parts of India do support .
India does have some measures to support its women , but in a largely patriarchal society they have borne the brunt of neglect and discrimination .
Acts such as female foeticide leading to skewed sex ratios in some of the most prosperous states are abominable .
Things are changing , but the way India sometimes treats its women is a national shame .
Also , with just 10 % of its parliamentary seats held by women , India needs to play catch - up .
Its neighbours fare much better - Bangladesh reserves 15 % of its parliamentary seats for women , Pakistan 30 % and Afghanistan , after its new constitution , more than 27 % .
Biswas : Victory for women
At present women make up just 10 % of the lower house of parliament ( Lok Sabha ) , and significantly fewer in state assemblies .
Sonia Gandhi , Congress party president , has said she attaches the " highest importance " to the proposals and passing them would be a " gift to the women of India " .
The bill needed the support of two - thirds of voters present in the upper house ( Rajya Sabha ) for it to be passed .
It will be tabled in the lower house at a later date .
An overwhelming majority there support the move , correspondents say .
The bill has the support of the governing Congress - led UPA alliance , the BJP - led NDA alliance and left - wing parties .
Many believe it will help overcome gender inequality in India and lead to decisions that help improve the lives of millions of women .
' Giant step '
Party leaders hailed the approval of the historic bill , which they had hoped would be passed on Monday , International Women 's Day .
' A new liberation for Indian women ' Voices : Quotas for India 's women " The bill is a historic and giant step towards empowering women and a celebration of their rights , " Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said in the Rajya Sabha .
" Women are facing discrimination at home , there is domestic violence , unequal access to health and education .
This has to end , " he said .
Communist leader Brinda Karat said it would change the " culture of the country because women today are still caught in a culture prison " .
" In the name of tradition , stereotypes are imposed and we have to fight these every day , " she said .
The Congress party 's Jayanthi Natarajan said " women have been waiting for 62 years for this moment " .
The bill 's passage through the upper house was marked by scenes of chaos after it was tabled on Monday .
FROM GLOBAL VOICES
Such a policy is likely to increase the pool of talent needed at the top of our political class
Dweep at Desicritics [ This is ] not going to lead to the empowerment of ordinary Indian women ... all that it is going to do is to make political gharanas ( dynasties ) even more powerful
Vinod Sharma , India Retold
Read more views on Global Voices
What is this ?
Opposition Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) leader Arun Jaitley , speaking in parliament on Tuesday , said the uproar was " one of the most shameful moments in India 's parliamentary democracy " .
Earlier , seven MPs had been forcibly removed from the upper house by security guards , after they refused to leave having been suspended for disorderly behaviour .
The MPs had shouted slogans , snatched papers from Vice President Hamid Ansari 's table , torn them and thrown them at him .
The MPs are all members of three parties opposing the women 's bill : the Samajwadi Party ( SP ) , Rashtriya Janata Dal ( RJD ) and Lok Janshakti Party ( LJP ) .
While India 's main parties back the legislation , smaller socialist parties argue it will reduce representation of minorities and socially disadvantaged groups .
They want set quotas for women from Muslim and low - caste communities .
There are currently 59 women in the 545 - member Lok Sabha .
Under the proposals their numbers would rise to 181 .
The composition of the 245 - seat upper house , which at present has 21 women , will not be affected as its members are indirectly elected by state assemblies .
India already reserves a third of local governing council seats in towns and villages for women , a move that has significantly increased their role in decision - making .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Phobos flyby images
Related images
( click to enlarge )
Images from the recent flyby of Phobos , on 7 March 2010 , are released today .
The images show Mars ' rocky moon in exquisite detail , with a resolution of just 4.4 metres per pixel .
They show the proposed landing sites for the forthcoming Phobos - Grunt mission .
ESA 's Mars Express spacecraft orbits the Red Planet in a highly elliptical , polar orbit that brings it close to Phobos every five months .
It is the only spacecraft currently in orbit around Mars whose orbit reaches far enough from the planet to provide a close - up view of Phobos .
Like our Moon , Phobos always shows the same side to the planet , so it is only by flying outside the orbit that it becomes possible to observe the far side .
Mars Express did just this on 7 , 10 and 13 March 2010 .
Mars Express also collected data with other instruments .
Phobos is an irregular body measuring some 27 × 22 × 19 km .
Its origin is debated .
It appears to share many surface characteristics with the class of ' carbonaceous C- type ' asteroids , which suggests it might have been captured from this population .
However , it is difficult to explain either the capture mechanism or the subsequent evolution of the orbit into the equatorial plane of Mars .
An alternative hypothesis is that it formed around Mars , and is therefore a remnant from the planetary formation period .
In 2011 Russia will send a mission called Phobos–Grunt ( meaning Phobos Soil ) to land on the martian moon , collect a soil sample and return it to Earth for analysis .
For operational and landing safety reasons , the proposed landing sites were selected on the far side of Phobos within the area 5 °S - 5 °N , 230 - 235 °E .
This region was imaged by the HRSC high - resolution camera of Mars Express during the July - August 2008 flybys of Phobos .
But new HRSC images showing the vicinity of the landing area under different conditions , such as better illumination from the Sun , remain highly valuable for mission planners .
It is expected that Earth - based ESA stations will take part in controlling Phobos - Grunt , receiving telemetry and making trajectory measurements , including implementation of very long - baseline interferometry ( VLBI ) .
This cooperation is realized on the basis of the agreement on collaboration of the Russian Federal Space Agency and ESA in the framework of the ' Phobos - Grunt ' and ' ExoMars ' projects .
Mars Express will continue to encounter Phobos until the end of March , when the moon will pass out of range .
During the remaining flybys , HRSC and other instruments will continue to collect data .
DETROIT -- Detroit Red Wings goaltender Jimmy Howard was named the NHL 's second star of the week after posting a 4 - 0 - 0 record with a 1.22 goals - against average , .958 save percentage and one shutout .
Howard was edged out for first star honors by Ottawa Senators goalie Brian Elliott , who went 4 - 0 - 0 with a 1.00 GAA and .966 save percentage .
New Jersey Devils forward Ilya Kovalchuk was the third star .
He led all scorers with eight points ( three goals , five assists ) in four games .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Democratic leaders in the Congress prepared on Friday to take up President Barack Obama ’s healthcare overhaul without Republican support as the White House promised a decision next week on how to proceed .
After a daylong healthcare summit on Thursday produced no Republican converts , Democrats said they would give Republicans a few days to offer new ideas before they push ahead on their own .
“ I think we have good prospects for passing legislation , ” House of Representatives Speaker Nancy Pelosi told reporters , adding she thought Obama ’s summit made a difference .
“ It moved us closer to passing a bill . ”
The White House and congressional Democrats focused on taking up an overhaul of the $ 2.5 trillion healthcare system through a parliamentary tactic called reconciliation that allows approval by a simple majority vote .
That approach , which can only be used for budget - related measures , would bypass the need for 60 votes to clear procedural hurdles in the 100 - member Senate .
It requires only a simple Senate majority of 51 votes .
White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said Obama would make an announcement next week about the best way to proceed on the overhaul and left the door open for the use of reconciliation .
Republican leaders made it clear on Friday they had no interest in working with Democrats to improve the healthcare overhaul .
“ We just do n’t care for the bill , ” Eric Cantor , the No. 2 House Republican , said .
Pelosi rejected Republican suggestions Democrats start over on the healthcare bill or adopt a more incremental approach .
“ Doing this incrementally just does n’t work , ” she said .
Pelosi said she would put together a final package for action after consultation with Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid .
“ The next step will require seeing what the Senate can do ” on a simple majority vote , she said .
Democrats in the Senate and House passed healthcare bills last year that would reshape the industry by cutting costs , regulating insurers and expanding coverage to tens of millions of Americans .
But efforts to merge the different measures and send a final version to Obama collapsed in January after Democrats lost their crucial 60th vote in a special U.S. Senate election in Massachusetts .
HEALTH STOCKS RISE
The prospects for another crack at passing a healthcare bill did not unsettle investors .
The Morgan Stanley Healthcare Payor index of health insurer stocks was up 0.4 percent on Friday , slightly outpacing the broader market .
Slideshow ( 8 images )
The index has clawed back some of its underperformance since earlier this month when Democrats began targeting WellPoint Inc ’s premium rate increases .
“ We expect that as resolution nears , healthcare stocks can outperform , ” John Sullivan , director of research at Leerink Swann , said in a research note .
With congressional elections approaching in November , Democrats are anxious to move past the healthcare debate and talk about job creation and the economy .
Slideshow ( 8 images )
“ We cannot have another yearlong debate about this , ” Obama said at Thursday ’s summit .
“ Is there enough serious effort that in a month ’s time or a few weeks ’ time or six weeks ’ time we could actually resolve something ? ”
“ If we can ’t , then I think we ’ve got to go ahead and make some decisions , ” he added , saying voters could pass judgment in November on the differing Republican and Democratic visions for the country .
Obama had hoped Thursday ’s summit would revive momentum in Congress for his faltering healthcare drive , but admitted at the end of the day it might not be possible to bridge the differences .
Republican Senate leader Mitch McConnell said he was discouraged and thought it was clear Democrats planned to ram through a version of the Senate - passed healthcare plan .
Reid seemed to reinforce that view , telling reporters , “ It is time to do something and we are going to do it . ”
A COMMERCIAL for U by Kotex , a new line from the 90 - year - old feminine care brand , opens with an actress in her early 20s who says , “ How do I feel about my period ?
I love it . ”
She continues , “ Sometimes I just want to run on a beach , ” as footage shows a woman running along the shore .
“ Usually , by the third day , I really just want to dance , ” she says , to footage of women dancing ecstatically .
As blue liquid is poured on a pad in another clip , she concludes , “ The ads on TV are really helpful because they use that blue liquid , and I ’m like , ‘ Oh , that ’s what ’s supposed to happen . ’ ”
The spot , by the New York office of JWT , which is a part of WPP , closes with the text , “ Why are tampon ads so ridiculous ? ” along with the campaign tagline , “ Break the cycle , ” before finally showing the new line of tampons , pads and liners .
The commercial was scheduled to appear on television for the first time Monday .
The clips mocked in the spot are actually from Kotex commercials , some shown within the last year in the United States or Europe .
If you thought that the violent language , violent metaphors and references to violence from the ultra - conservative right could not get any worse , consider the following .
Amanda Marcotte and others have written this morning about the drawing by a conservative cartoonist using a blatantly racist rape meme to ramp up their hysteria over health reform .
Going well beyond the coded messages of the “ Call me , Harold , ” blonde white woman advertisements of just a few years ago ( and those aimed against Harold Ford then obviously but one small example of the types of coded political campaigning first made ubiquitous these many years ago by Lee Atwater ) , this cartoon depicts President Obama as having raped the Statue of Liberty .
This cartoonist does n’t even attempt to be “ coded ” or “ coy ” about the messages relayed .
Writing at Pandagon , Amanda notes :
It ’s a cartoon that Darleen Click of Protein Wisdom drew , and it shows Obama getting up after having just raped the Statue of Liberty , telling her she “ consented ” in 2008 by electing him while she sobs .
He also promises to come back to gang rape her with immigration reform , amongst other things .
Sex . Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
SEK of Lawyers , Guns and Money asks :
What do you do in the aftermath of a crushing political defeat ?
Iif you ’re Darleen Click , you draw a cartoon in which the President rapes a woman , then tells her that he and friends will be back to rape her again later .
Click … thinks that the only problem with her cartoon is that it ’s racist .
I repeat : she drew a cartoon in which the punch line is a gang rape and the only potential problem with it she can see is that it might be racist .
Do n’t misunderstand me : it ’s plenty racist — plays into tropes as old as slavery and everything — but the punch line is that the President and his associates are going to gang - rape the Statue of Liberty with , I kid you not , immigration reform .
Amanda continues :
The callousness to actual rape victims on display here is simply a more explicit version of a rhetorical trope that ’s been in play since Obama took office , and has really escalated as the favorite metaphor used by conservatives to describe health care reform .
Maybe having gone through a literal sexual assault makes me a little quicker to pick up on this , or maybe it ’s just really obvious , but the non -stop bleating about how health care reform is being shoved down various throats is a rape metaphor .
In its most abstract , maybe not , but they dwell on it so much that it ’s hard to forget that it ’s a rape metaphor , even if it ’s a mainstreamed one .
Every time Limbaugh squawks about having to bend over and take it ?
Rape metaphor .
Rape is not only the favorite metaphor conservatives use for health care reform , it ’s quickly becoming the only one .
And :
“ When it comes to actual rapes , the right - wing position is that the problem of rape is way overblown , and that most rapes — most anything that gets called a date or acquaintance rape — are n’t a matter of men forcing themselves on women because they enjoy raping , but just bad sex that sluts regret later and therefore “ cry rape ” .
“ [ Yet ] when conservatives are n’t apologizing for actual rapists , it seems their understanding of what rape is reflects reality pretty well . ”
When they use rape metaphors when describing health care , they contextualize rape as a brutal crime , a display of power over the victim for the sheer pleasure of forcing her to submit .
This cartoon reflects this understanding ; there ’s no question that the Obama - rapist in the cartoon was confused about his Liberty - victim ’s unwillingness to have sex with him .
In this cartoon , in fact , the Obama - rapist gets off on the sadistic pleasure of hurting her .
Which is like real life rape , but completely opposite of what conservatives say happens in these rape situations .
So , they clearly know what rape is all about , when they ’re casting themselves as the victims .
But when real life women are real life victims of rape , suddenly they go stupid and think it ’s all a matter of too much alcohol or mixed signals .
And that level of full - of - shitness pisses me off .
Jeff Fecke ‘s piece on this also important reading .
The cartoon itself can be found at all of the above links .
Politicians , media and French intellectuals have condemned branches of a fast food restaurant that only serve meat conforming with Islamic dietary laws .
The halal menu is being served at eight out of the burger chain 's 362 outlets , but some are argue it is discrimination against non-Muslims .
David Chazan reports from Paris .
About
Vintage comics , taken out of context .
Hilarity ensues .
Your paleocomicologist :
vanessa jane
Every bit helps to keep me going !
Thank you .
Do you like this blog ?
Please consider supporting my work with a donation .
to keep me going !
Thank you .
Visit the store Follow on : and
Please note :
Unless stated otherwise , all panels are sourced by Comically Vintage from actual comics .
We are not a comics museum ; we are here to have fun and we go to lengths not to break any copyright laws .
Please email us to report an issue .
We also like people who say nice things !
email
In recent days there has been a lot of controversy and concern over children in Haiti , in the aftermath of the country ’s devastating earthquake .
Questions about orphans , what children are really orphans , parents relinquishing their children , international volunteer or aid groups and child trafficking abound .
This recalls very similar , and similarly disturbing , activities and concerns after the horrific tsunami struck in the Indian Ocean in 2004 .
In India , many children were lost from remaining parents or other family members , and subsequently ripped from the villages and homes they had known all their lives by “ well - meaning ” aid groups who rushed too quickly to place them into orphanages or foster / adoptive care .
Far worse were the groups who knowingly took children , capitalizing on both the disaster as well as the poverty and illiteracy of many parents in places struck the hardest .
In subsequent months , many reports of child trafficking and children being “ sold ” into illegal adoptions with false paperwork abounded .
Today with Haiti , this begs the question of people can learn from mistakes of the past .
Can we use the lessons of the 2004 tsunami to protect Haiti ’s children better ?
The Baptist missionaries charged with trying to take 33 children out of the country without permission or proper paperwork were not only acting illegally , but clearly rushing into trying to “ save ” these children without any real thought , investigation or planning as to what the familial status of the children really was , and how ripping them from their home would traumatize them .
Some are calling the church group traffickers , others believe they acted with good intentions but improperly .
“ We are watching this with a great deal of discomfort , ” said Christopher de Bono of UNICEF .
“ There are at least tens of thousands , potentially hundreds of thousands , of children in Port - au - Prince , in Haiti , who currently need urgent help .
And they need that help in Haiti .
They do n’t need to be plucked out of the country and taken away , ” he said .
A spokesman for Save the Children agrees .
“ The possibility of a child being mistakenly labelled as an orphan during this time is incredibly high , ” he warned .
“ Only once the family tracing effort has been exhausted and it is determined that children cannot be reunited , and after proper screening , should international adoption be considered . ”
It ’s clear from the lessons of India that removing children , particularly with plans to adopt them internationally , should be the last recourse and done only after extensive due diligence .
In the confusion of such a disaster , especially , conditions are ripe for child trafficking and corruption .
Even without a disaster in place , reports worldwide exist about children being kidnapped , stolen , lured , parents being tricked into relinquishing , illegal adoption schemes …far , far too many such reports .
While researching and writing this book , I came across story after story of illegal adoptions ; children who were never relinquished or placed for adoption by their poor parents , who were instead taken advantage of by people who forged papers and sold them to adoptive parents , who were mostly blissfully ignorant of what was happening .
Stories like that of David and Desiree Smolin .
In 1998 , the Smolins were ecstatic to be adopting two sisters from India .
But the couple was struck immediately by how traumatized and upset the girls were when they arrived at their new home in Atlanta .
“ We expected that there would be some shyness at the beginning , but we expected that they would be happy to see us at least after they got over the initial shock of being here , ” Desiree Smolin says .
The adoption agency described Manjula and Bhagya as sisters who had been waiting a long time for a home .
But the girls insisted they had been stolen — kidnapped from their mother .
The Indian mother was poor .
She placed the children temporarily in an orphanage , and the orphanage essentially sold them .
You can read more about their story as it was featured on NPR .
This set off a journey that continued for years , where the Smolins attempted to find the girls ’ mother – as well as learn what had gone wrong and how such a thing could happen .
In 2005 , David Smolin returned to India with Manjula and Bhagya , where they were reunited with their birth mother .
The couple also became somewhat of experts on international adoption , speaking freely and trying to advocate for safer international adoption practices .
David is a professor at Cumberland Law School and has written extensively about adoption law .
Desiree started a blog called Fleas Biting , to tell their story and try to prevent such traumas from happening to other children .
The couple also started a website for ethical adoption .
David also weighs in on the debate over Haiti ’s children .
The New York Times put the issue front and center in its February 1 “ Room for Debate . ”
In the debate , David says :
Views of intercountry adoption vacillate between the positive , in which it is portrayed as a humanitarian act of goodwill benefiting both child and adoptive family , and the negative , in which it is portrayed either as child trafficking or as a neo - colonialist child grab .
The American mind has been shaped by the positive vision of families saving bereft orphans from a grim life in a Dickens - esque institution or from death on the streets .
Increasingly , however , adoption trafficking reports from Cambodia , China , Vietnam , India , Guatemala , Nepal and Samoa are substantiating the negative view .
Adoption trafficking has continued because the adoption community has chosen to minimize the problems , rather than fix the system .
Since you ca n’t fix what you will not admit is broken , there is a perverse tendency to repeat , over and over again , the same mistakes in intercountry adoption .
Trying to move children quickly out of a country in the aftermath of a disaster , particularly for adoption , is one of the old mistakes .
International organizations have warned against it in past disasters such as the Indonesian Tsunami of 2004 , just as they are doing so currently for Haiti . ”
Read the entire debate here , where others weigh in on both sides of the issue .
The International Union for the Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) formally announced the reclassification of beluga sturgeon in the Caspian Sea as " critically endangered " on its Red List on March 18 , providing strong evidence that fishing and international trade should be halted and a stock - rebuilding plan should be initiated immediately .
Beluga sturgeon populations have been decimated in part due to unrelenting exploitation for black caviar -- the sturgeon 's unfertilized eggs -- considered the finest in the world .
" For those of us who have been involved in studying the rapid decline of this species over the past several decades , this reclassification of beluga sturgeon is of great significance and relief , " said Dr. Ellen Pikitch , Professor and Executive Director of the Institute for Ocean Conservation Science at Stony Brook University .
" However , of even greater significance is the IUCN reclassification of many sturgeons , which shows them to be among the most imperiled animals on earth .
A higher percentage of sturgeon species were designated as critically endangered than any other group of species assessed , including other fish , mammals , reptiles , amphibians and plants . "
Dr. Pikitch has led scientific efforts to highlight the seriously depleted status of the beluga sturgeon and to secure protection for the species for more than a decade .
Dr. Pikitch was one of the petitioners of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service ( USFWS ) seeking listing of the species under the U.S. Endangered Species Act ( ESA ) .
Beluga sturgeon were listed under the U.S. ESA in 2004 , and imports of its products into the United States have been banned since 2005 .
The Institute for Ocean Conservation Science at Stony Brook University contributed significant new scientific information on several species of sturgeon to the newly released IUCN Red List sturgeon assessment .
Dr. Ellen Pikitch , Executive Director , and Dr. Phaedra Doukakis , Senior Research Scientist with the Institute for Ocean Conservation Science are members of IUCN's Sturgeon Specialist Group ( SSG ) .
They recently co-authored , along with other U.S. and Kazakhstani scientists , the results of a study of Caspian Sea beluga sturgeon of the Ural River .
The results , which were published online this month in the journal Conservation Biology , suggest that conservation strategies for beluga sturgeon should focus on reducing the overfishing of adults rather than heavily relying upon hatchery supplementation and also demonstrate that current harvest rates in the fishery are four to five times higher than those that would sustain population abundance .
" This study only adds more credence to the reclassification of beluga sturgeon as ' critically endangered , ' and underscores the need for swift , international protection to help them stave off extinction , " said Dr. Pikitch .
" And , the new IUCN assessment demonstrates that almost all of the 27 sturgeon species need enhanced protection since conservation measures to date have not been sufficient to ensure the recovery and long - term persistence of these valuable and ancient fish . "
Drs. Pikitch and Doukakis presented their latest findings , as well as an overview of status and trends of global sturgeon fisheries , at a meeting during the 15th meeting of the Conference of Parties to CITES in Doha , Qatar .
Also presenting were Dr. Kent E. Carpenter , IUCN Global Marine Species Assessment Director , on the reclassification of the sturgeon species , and Dr. Volker Homes , Species Conservation Section Director , WWF Germany and TRAFFIC , on caviar trade and labeling .
The study is entitled , " Management and Recovery Options for Ural River Beluga Sturgeon . "
Fox River Grove woman admits selling ex's boat after breakup
A Fox River Grove woman accused of selling her boyfriend 's boat after he skipped town with another woman admitted to a reduced charge Monday under a plea deal that allows her to avoid a potential felony conviction .
Kathleen M. Helman , 52 , of the 700 block of Northwest Highway , pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge of attempted forgery alleging she falsified a title document in August 2006 to consummate the unauthorized sale .
Under the plea agreement , Helman was placed on nonreporting probation for a year , fined $ 500 and ordered to perform 30 hours of community service .
She also must return to court May 7 for a hearing to determine how much restitution she owes her former boyfriend for selling his 1998 22 - foot Wellcraft Scarab .
Helman initially had been charged with theft between $ 10,000 and $ 100,000 , a Class 2 felony punishable by a maximum three to seven years in prison .
Her attorney , Senior Assistant Public Defender Richard Behof , said Helman 's name was also on the boat 's title and she sold it only when she could no longer afford to make loan payments .
" She had to sell it , " he said , adding that he will argue that Helman 's ex deserves no restitution .
" She was trying not to let her credit go in the toilet . "
McHenry County Sheriff 's police arrested Helman in November 2008 after an investigation that began when the boat 's owner and his new girlfriend returned to the area from Arizona to check on property and belongings he had left behind .
When he discovered his boat was missing , police said , the man went to his bank , believing it had been repossessed .
Instead , they discovered it had been sold online for $ 21,000 to a Minnesota man .
Investigators eventually tracked the sale back to Helman who , police said , had forged documents to make it happen .
The Minnesota man , police said , was allowed to keep the boat .
In most countries , manufacturing gun powder and ammunition at home can be a serious crime ;
However , some people may be able to do it quite legally and that too in the most creative ways possible , as we can clearly see with these Crayon rockets dressed up just like the famous colorful Crayola Crayon packs we remember from our childhood .
While we all burn fireworks on certain holidays , John Coker has taken the idea of fireworks a bit too far ( and highly appreciated ) .
He has manufactured rockets that look like Crayola crayons with their various colors , packaging and even branding .
You might think there is absolutely no connection between the two , and that it is completely ridiculous , but I am certain many would appreciate the gesture and would only wish they could draw such a project in their minds ( no pun intended ) .
If you ask yourself “ why ? ” , I would answer right back with a “ why not ? ” , for the result looks great and would delight any pyromaniac .
Thus , these rockets that look like crayons were built , and you could also see how they were built with John ’s link below to instructions , directions and work in progress images .
In brief , he explains that he got that idea after a friend has mentioned the I - ROC looked pretty similar to a Crayola Crayon , and since the smallest pack he found was 8 , it pretty much fit the standard mid-power rockets .
Although the project looks amazing in the finalized presentation , it actually began in 1998 , had a long delay and resumed in 2004 .
In the end , the result is absolutely stunning and John ended up really making those Crayons fly .
Of course , I suggest you DON ’T try manufacturing such rockets at home , no matter how friendly the bottles of paint that he used look .
Instead , you could just gloss over these mind blowing pictures of John Coker ’s Homemade Crayola Crayons Rockets and wait for him to release the rocket launch video .
You could also take a look at the LED Light Artwork , which would certainly not require anything that is inflammable .
Of course , as they say , it is always good to play safe with fire .
If you can ’t , better watch someone else play with it .
This time , watch John Coker do it !
For other colorful Crayons , check out the giant Crayola Crayons Cake that allows you to finally eat the paint .
John explain in great detail the entire ordeal of developing the Crayon rockets from the preliminary design , painting the rockets , installing fins , building the Crayola Crayon box and the launch .
It is a must for rocket enthusiasts .
John Coker Via : The Daily What
The BBC could axe half its website , sell magazines , close two national radio stations and cut spending on imports in a major strategic review produced by the corporation 's director of policy and strategy , John Tate , and reported by The Times .
You would think that a story headlined " BBC signals an end to era of expansion " would be like all News Corp 's dreams come true .
But actually it 's not enough for the Murdochs .
The Times ' leader - headlined " Big , Bloated and Cunning " - declares :
" If the BBC were serious about reform it would consider selling Radio 1 and getting out of the pop music business , which is hardly ill served by others .
It would give up BBC Three , which has no rationale at all .
It would get tough on executive pay , and admit that it cannot continue to be regulated by a trust that is also its cheerleader .
" The new proposals were written to serve the best interests of the BBC , not the public .
The next government will need to take on what Channel 4's chairman last year described as " the most powerful lobbying and effective organisation in Britain " .
Until then , Auntie Beeb 's warm embrace will simultaneously be a stranglehold that is unpleasant and untenable . "
Tate , a former head of the Conservative Party policy unit , is proposing ( and at this stage it is a proposition , because the BBC Trust has not yet decided what to do with the plan ) :
• Selling BBC Worldwide 's magazines .
It is unclear if this would involve the whole collection - including Radio Times and Top Gear - being sold to another publisher , or a piecemeal sell - off .
Commercial rivals would love to get their hands on the money - spinning magazines , but it could be argued that these are actually linked to core Corporation output .
It is a sell - off of the less obviously branded magazines such as olive that would make more sense .
• Halving the size of the BBC 's website .
The report says that BBC Online 's budget and staff numbers should be cut by a quarter , which begs the question about how the website would be cut in half .
Maybe it is the total number of pages that is to be cut .
This is a particular News Corp bugbear , providing excellent free web coverage that Rupert Murdoch would like to charge for .
• Closing 6 Music.
60,000 people have already signed an online petition to save the station , which has already been reported as being under threat .
# saveBBC6 Music is trending on Twitter .
And powerful licence - fee payer protest groups can twist the BBC 's arm .
In the old days it was Archers and Radio 4 fans .
Maybe today it is the Twitteratti and 6 Music fans .
The amount of money involved in this would be relatively small beer in the scheme of things .
• Closing BBC Asian Network .
Axing the Asian specialist station has also been trailed : it is expensive in terms of spending per listener , but it also reaches out to an audience not otherwise well - served by the Corporation .
Would the commercial market be able to attempt something so ambitious ?
• Cap sports spending at £ 300 m .
This would still allow the BBC to do most of what it already does - the marquee events such as the World Cup and the Olympics ( which are protected events ) , enough football for general interest - but stop it from encroaching onto the territory that Sky " owns " .
It might mean the end of Formula 1 on the BBC , which would appease ITV , although whether they could afford it now is an interesting question .
It would probably mean that Sky kept cricket , alongside its vast Premier League football output .
• Reduce the £ 100 m spent on foreign imports .
If the BBC cut £ 25 m from this budget , as is proposed , what would it drop ?
Mad Men ?
Channel 4 would like that .
Heroes ?
Sky
One might snap that one up .
Endless foreign films ?
Helps fill up hours of schedule .
As the best - funded broadcaster in Britain , while its commercial rivals are under enormous financial pressure , the BBC is an easy target for criticism of its ambitions and sprawl .
The BBC plan is clearly to show that it is willing to limit its spread into the commercial world .
But if the BBC can't satisfy News Corp today , then what chance does it have of satisfying the ( probable ) next government ?
If Labour wins the spring election , they would certainly be satisfied by the proposals .
But a future Conservative government 's position is slightly harder to call .
For all of the Daily Mail 's bluster , the Tory heartland voters are also licence - fee payers who watch and love Auntie Beeb .
Meanwhile the Murdochs are whispering in David Cameron 's ear and they want the BBC slashed back .
If the BBC was also to throw in some more cuts , such as executive pay cuts , would it be enough ?
Or does it face a cut in the licence fee under the Tories ?
We have seen quite a few cool recycled gadgets here at Geeky Gadgets , but none as cool as this Transformers Optimus Prime made from recycled steel .
The recycled steel Optimus Prime stands 2.5 meters tall , not quite as big as the original , and he was made from over 5,000 unique parts and he weighs in at a massive 550kg .
The parts used to create this cool Optimus Prime include car , boat , motorbike parts as well as some parts from a dishwasher and a television , plus a load of recycled steel .
You can actually buy this Recycled Steel Optimus Prime for 5,500 Euros , about $ 7,500 from Robo Steel , we have no idea how much the shipping costs but it probably costs as much as the robot .
Techchee via Walyou
Latest Geeky Gadgets Deals
Want to meet remotely ?
We can review your case , consult with you – and even file your case – via Skype , Zoom and telephone .
Set up your remote consultation now .
" My favourite food is sushi , but unlike others I can sit and eat 70 big pieces of sushi in one go , " she said .
Follow the very latest on the health care vote and find out what it means for you , tonight on CNN .
Watch the debate online , on TV and your iPhone .
Washington ( CNN ) --
The House on Sunday passed the Senate 's health care reform bill and a package of measures meant to reconcile differences between the Senate bill and the one it passed last year .
Here 's the latest on what 's happening :
11:48 p.m. : President Obama says that the House 's vote on health care " was n't an easy vote but it was the right vote . "
Speaking from the East Room of the White House , the president , who made health care reform a priority for his administration , said the vote was n't a victory for a political party but for the American people .
Obama said the reform plan wo n't fix everything wrong with the nation 's health care system , " but it moves us decisively in the right direction . "
11:30 p.m. : The House has passed the package of fixes meant to reconcile differences between the bill the House passed last year and the Senate bill it passed earlier Sunday night .
Those vote was 220 - 211 .
The reconciliation package now heads to the Senate .
11:20 p.m. : The House is voting on passage of the reconciliation bill .
This is the final vote of the day on health care reform .
The reconciliation bill is the package of " fixes " to the Senate health care bill that made it more attractive to balking House Democrats .
11:18 p.m. : The House votes down the Republican motion to recommit the bill .
11:08 p.m. : CNN's Brianna Keilar reports : A Republican lawmaker shouted out " baby killer " as Rep. Bart Stupak explained why he would not support the motion to recommit .
Stupak sponsored an amendment in the House bill that included tougher language on restricting federal funding of abortions .
Stupak decided to support the Senate bill after President Obama said he would sign an executive order that would make sure the health care reform law would be consistent with current restrictions on federal funding for abortions .
10:55 p.m. : Republicans have offered a motion to recommit , which is their last chance to kill the bill .
The Republican motion is to amend the language on abortion in the just - passed Senate bill .
10:48 p.m. : The House passes the Senate health care bill , 219 - 212 .
All 178 Republicans opposed it , along with 34 Democrats .
The House then moved on to consider the reconciliation package .
10:31 p.m. : Lawmakers are voting on the health care legislation .
The vote will last for 15 minutes .
10:17 p.m. : House Speaker Nancy Pelosi praised the health care legislation for its ability to " unleash tremendous entrepreneurial power into our economy . "
Pelosi said the fact that the bill is on the cusp of passing is due to the leadership of President Obama .
She also cited the legacy of the late Sen .
Ted Kennedy , who wrote in a letter to Obama that health care is the " great unfinished business of our society . "
" That is -- until today , " she said .
10:07 p.m. : House Minority Leader John Boehner delivers fiery remarks , slamming the contents of the health care bill and the process leading up to the vote .
Speaking about the way the bill was written , Boehner asked , " Can you say it was done openly , with transparency and accountability ?
Without backroom deals struck behind closed doors , hidden from the people ?
" Hell no you can't ! "
10:01 p.m. : CNN's Ed Henry reports :
In his remarks after the health care vote , President Obama will be blunt about casting the House 's expected passage of his health care legislation as an achievement of historic proportions that shows he 's starting to deliver on the dramatic change he promised on the campaign trail , according to Democratic officials familiar with the planned remarks .
" He 's going to say we delivered -- that we rose to the challenge , " said one of the Democratic officials , who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss Obama 's speech before it is delivered .
" It 's about change , and what change looks like . "
9:45 p.m. : Rep. Eric Cantor , R - Virginia , said that when it comes to health care reform , the only bipartisanship he 's seen is in the opposition to it .
" We believe this government must stop spending money that it does n't have , " said Cantor , the House minority whip .
" The choice before us is very clear .
The choice is whether we want to become a country that is unrecognizable or one that will fulfill the American dream . "
9:40 p.m. : Democratic Rep. Allen Boyd , a member of the fiscally conservative Blue Dog Democrats , said that while the health care bill is not perfect , " the other side has brought us no viable alternatives . "
" If not this , then what ?
If not now , then when ? " the Florida lawmaker asked .
8:58 p.m. : Democratic Rep. Tim Bishop of New York said that " amidst angry and at times even hateful rhetoric , amidst the misinformation and scare tactics , there exists one simple truth , and that truth is that the current system is unsustainable . "
Last summer , Bishop suspended his town hall meetings following a particularly unruly event .
8:38 p.m. : Republican Rep. Tom Price , a doctor from Georgia , said health care is a " moral endeavor and should be grounded in principle . "
" This is a sad day , yes , because there are so many wonderful and positive and patient - centered solutions that could be enacted .
You see , we trust patients and families .
They trust government , " he said .
7:57 p.m. :
In an impassioned speech , Rep. John Lewis , D - Georgia , urges his colleagues to pass health care reform .
" This may be the most important vote that we cast as members of this body .
We have a moral obligation today , tonight to make health care a right and not a privilege , " Lewis said .
" On this day , at this moment , in this chamber , answer the call of history , answer the spirit of history and pass health care .
Give the American people a victory .
Give health care a chance , " he said to applause .
Republican Rep. John Linder , also from Georgia , said he feels " rude trying to inject some fact into this Kabuki Theatre but I 'm going to try . "
" This has never been about health care .
This is about government , " he said , arguing that the proposed legislation would destroy health care for those who are happy with the coverage they have .
7:54 p.m. : If House Democrats pass the Senate bill Sunday night , as is expected , a senior administration official said " it wo n't be signed today , " CNN 's Dan Lothian reports .
Instead , the president will deliver remarks after the vote in the White House East Room .
7:38 p.m. : Rep .
Anh " Joseph " Cao will vote " no " on the health care bill , CNN's Dana Bash reports .
Cao was the one Republican who voted for the House bill in November .
The Louisiana representative said he will not support the Senate bill because of its abortion language .
Cao does not think the executive order goes far enough , his chief of staff said .
7:26 p.m. : Republican and House members are lined up for what might be their last opportunity for a voice in the debate over health care .
The arguments echo what has been heard in larger debate over health care reform over the last year .
Republicans are criticizing the landmark legislation as a " takeover " of the health care system that would expand federal funding of abortion and saddle future generations of Americans with debt .
Democrats are lauding the legislation as allowing all Americans health care coverage and preventing insurance companies from denying coverage from those who need it most .
6:52 p.m. : Debate will be followed by three votes : a vote on the Senate bill , a vote on the motion to recommit on the reconciliation package ( a Republican motion ) , and a vote on the reconciliation package .
Republicans are expected to throw up parliamentary roadblocks throughout the debate .
6:43 p.m. : House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer opens debate .
Republicans and Democrats have one hour each to make their case .
6:28 p.m. : The House votes to move into general debate over the health care legislation .
The vote is 224-206 .
Debate is slated for two hours .
The fact that the motion to debate passed is an indication that Democrats have enough votes to pass the legislation itself .
6:04 p.m. : House Republicans blast the executive order in a news conference .
Republican Rep. Jean Schmidt said an executive order " is not worth the paper it is printed on . "
" It is not the law of the land and it can be rescinded in the blink of an eye , " she said .
5:04 p.m. : President Obama will make a statement following the House vote .
4:50 p.m. : Asked whether Democrats have the 216 votes needed to pass health care legislation , House Majority Whip James Clyburn said , " We 're feeling good , with room to spare , " CNN 's Dana Bash reports .
4:39 p.m. : Asked her reaction to the deal over abortion funding , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said , " We 're very pleased that we have more votes for the bill , " CNN 's Kevin Bohn reports .
4:07 p.m. : Rep. Bart Stupak , D - Michigan , announces that he , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and the White House have reached an agreement that protects " the sanctity of life in health care reform . "
Stupak and other anti-abortion Democrats had said they would oppose the Senate bill because of concerns it would expand federal funding of abortion .
House vote on health reform expected to be extremely close
4:07 p.m. :
One hour of debate has begun on the rules for debate and vote on the health care legislation .
3:59 p.m. : President Obama will issue an executive order after a health care bill is passed " that will reaffirm its consistency with longstanding restrictions on the use of federal funds for abortion , " White House Communications Director Dan Pfeiffer said .
The order does not change the law , but it will provide " additional safeguards to ensure that the status quo is upheld and enforced , and that the health care legislation 's restrictions against the public funding of abortions cannot be circumvented . "
3:35 p.m. : Republican Rep. David Dreier of California said lawmakers know with " absolute certainty " that the only thing they are guaranteed is what 's in the Senate bill , which all House Republicans and a number of Democrats oppose .
Democratic Rep. Louise Slaughter interrupted , saying , " No you do n't ! "
" The best way that they can achieve their ends of removing the things that are objectionable from the Senate bill is to support reconciliation , " she said as lawmakers cheered and jeered .
3:28 p.m. : Stupak , D - Michigan , will hold a news conference at 4 p.m. , CNN's Deirdre Walsh reports .
Stupak is part of a coalition of Democrats who oppose the Senate bill because they say it would expand federal funding of abortion .
3:02 p.m. : The House defeats a Republican point of order from Rep. Paul Ryan , R- Wisconsin .
Another Republican point of order from Darrell Issa of California is now being debated .
2:40 p.m. : Ryan called the health care bill a " fiscal Frankenstein . "
" It is not too late to get it right .
Let 's start over .
Let 's defeat this bill , " he said .
2:30 p.m. : Rep. Patrick Kennedy , D - Rhode Island , son of the late Sen .
Ted Kennedy , said there are significant parallels between the struggle for civil rights and the fight to make quality , affordable health care accessible to all Americans .
Quoting the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , Kennedy said , " Of all forms of inequality , injustice in health care is the most shocking and inhumane . "
1 p.m. : The House convenes .
Lawmakers spend about an hour giving one - minute speeches and taking votes on issues unrelated to health care .
Do Democrats have the votes ? : Democratic leaders continue to try to round up the 216 necessary votes to pass the bill in the House .
Rep. John Larson , chairman of the House Democratic Caucus , said told CNN's " State of the Union " that " We 've got the votes . "
" This is a historic day and we are happy warriors , " Larson said .
But the chief deputy whip in the House was cautious .
" We do n't have a hard 216 right now , " Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz , D - Florida , told " Fox News Sunday " just as Larson was speaking to CNN .
But , she added , " I firmly believe we will have 216 . "
House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer said Sunday morning , " We are going to get the votes this afternoon . "
Latest vote count : According to CNN 's latest count , 33 Democrats plan to vote against the legislation .
Thirty - eight Democratic " no " votes are needed to kill the bill .
Six House Democrats have told CNN they have n't yet decided how they will vote , and two have not responded to CNN 's repeated inquiries .
See how Democrats plan to vote
Can Republicans block the vote ? : Democrats control Congress , so they should be able to bring the Senate bill , and a package of changes to it , to a vote .
But Republicans plan to impede the process as much as they can .
Without spelling out specifics , House Republican Conference Chairman Mike Pence of Indiana promised to do just that .
" We are going to use every means at our disposal to oppose this government takeover of health care , " Pence told " State of the Union . "
" Because quite frankly , as thousands gather at rallies all across this country and here in the nation 's capital yesterday , you know , the American people are sick and tired of runaway federal spending by both parties , of borrowing and bailouts and takeovers .
And I believe this is going to be a historic weekend . "
Asked what measures Republicans might take , Pence replied , " Stay tuned , it 's going to be an interesting day . "
Working the phones : Former President Clinton made several phone calls Saturday to lobby wavering Democrats to sign on to the health care reform bill , Democratic sources told CNN .
11th hour appeal : President Obama on Saturday made his last appeal for the reform bill , telling House Democrats on the eve of the historic vote : " Let 's get this done . "
" If you agree that the system is not working for ordinary families , if you 've heard the same stories that I 've heard everywhere , all across the country , then help us fix the system , " Obama said .
' Deeming ' ditched : Democratic leaders on Saturday decided to abandon a controversial legislative mechanism that could have avoided a direct vote on the legislation .
They will hold an up - or - down vote on the reform plan that the Senate has already passed .
If the Senate bill passes the House , Obama will sign it into law .
If the package of changes is passed , it will be taken up by the Senate .
Protests get ugly : Three black Democratic lawmakers -- including civil rights leader Rep. John Lewis of Georgia -- said demonstrators against the health care bill yelled racist epithets at them Saturday as they walked past .
Rep. Emanuel Cleaver of Missouri said a protester spit at him .
Capitol police said a demonstrator was arrested in that incident .
In addition , protesters yelled anti-gay comments at Rep. Barney Frank of Massachusetts , an openly gay Democrat .
Leaders of both parties condemned the protesters ' actions .
i Report : Make your case on health care reform
Obama targets insurers in final health care push
Obama 's Sunday plans : A White House official said the president is " in the West Wing , getting updates , dropping in on staff , and like the rest of America , examining the rubble of his [ NCAA basketball ] bracket . "
The official added that Obama " made a surprise appearance at an 11 a.m. meeting of senior staff , " and is " preparing to make and take member phone calls as we move toward the vote . "
Legislation revealed : Democratic leaders unveiled the text of the reconciliation act for health care on Thursday .
Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act of 2010 ( pdf )
Section - by - section analysis ( pdf )
The price tag :
The compromise health care bill drafted by top Democrats will cost $ 940 billion over the next 10 years , according to a preliminary analysis released Thursday by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office .
Read the CBO preliminary estimate ( pdf )
The bill cuts the deficit by $ 138 billion during that period , the CBO report said .
It would further reduce the deficit by another $ 1.2 trillion in the following decade , two House Democratic sources said .
GOP leaders said the new CBO estimates had not changed their opinion of the bill , which they vehemently oppose .
What happens next ? : Democrats hope to pass the Senate bill Sunday and the package of changes designed in part to make the overall legislation more acceptable to House Democrats .
President Obama can sign the bill into law if it passes .
The Senate would vote to approve the changes to its bill this week by a simple majority vote .
See which parts of the health care plan would kick in quickly
CNN's Dana Bash , Kevin Bohn , Candy Crowley , Evan Glass , John Helton , Ed Henry , Kristi Keck , Brianna Keilar , Dan Lothian , Deirdre Walsh and Robert Yoon contributed to this report .
After a few weeks of bizarre uncertainty , the Android 2.1 for the Droid is finally trickling out , over the air .
It 's a staggered update , so it 'll be around a week before everyone gets it , but here 's what 's in store for your Droid :
Via BGR :
• Pinch - to - zoom is now available when using the browser , Gallery , and Google Maps .
• New Weather and News application plus widget .
o The Weather and News app pulls the information you want from the
Web and brings it to your fingertips .
You get weekly and hourly
weather forecasts based on your location , and news headlines .
• New support for voice - to - text entry .
o Whenever a text - entry box appears , simply tap the microphone icon on the virtual keyboard and speak .
• New Gallery application with 3D layout .
View and share photos taken with your phone and images from your online Picasa Web albums .
• Live Wallpapers offer richer animated , interactive backgrounds on the home screen .
Access them with a long press anywhere on the home screen .
Tap Wallpapers , then Live Wallpapers .
• Free Yahoo !®
Mail is now supported - simply sign in with your Yahoo !
email address and password .
• Google Maps update
o Personalized suggestions and synchronized starring with
desktop maps.google.com .
o New night mode in Google Maps Navigation automatically changes the screen at night for easier viewing .
• Improved pattern - lock functionality .
• Improved handset audio when disconnecting a wired headset .
• Email accounts no longer need to be re-entered after an over - the - air update .
Advertisement
In short , nearly everything a Droid owner could have envied about the Nexus One — except for the processor , I guess — is rectified here .
Also :
There 's no manual installation trick yet , so you 'll you have to wait this one out . [ BGR ]
Rep. Michele Bachmann Michele Marie BachmannEvangelicals should n't be defending Trump in tiff over editorial Mellman :
The ' lane theory ' is the wrong lane to be in White House backs Stephen Miller amid white nationalist allegations MORE ( R - Minn . ) , who last year said she was not going to fill out her census form , intends to vote for a measure this week that encourages Americans to participate in the 2010 census .
According to an aide in Bachmann ’s office , the North Star State lawmaker intends to vote for a “ census awareness ” measure on Wednesday .
ADVERTISEMENT
The resolution , offered by Rep. Silvestre Reyes ( D - Texas ) , implores “ individuals across the United States to participate in the 2010 census to ensure an accurate and complete count beginning April 1 , 2010 , and expressing support for designation of March 2010 as Census Awareness Month , ” according to a description of the measure .
Bachmann is not among the resolution ’s 56 co-sponsors , most of whom are Democrats .
The Reyes measure , which was placed on the suspension calendar , is expected to easily pass the lower chamber .
Bachmann communications director David Dziok explained to The Hill that the congresswoman recognizes the importance of Americans participating in the census .
“ We are where we are right now in 2010 , and she hopes the population is counted accurately as the resolution calls for , ” Dziok said .
Over the past year , Bachmann criticized the census on a number of occasions .
At one point , she threatened to boycott the census amid the debate on ACORN ’s involvement in the counting of U.S. citizens .
Bachmann ’s position shifted after the federal government broke ties with the scandal - plagued group .
“ In the past she expressed concerns with certain groups like ACORN that were involved in the census ... and the intrusiveness of the questions that have been added throughout the years , particularly on the American Community Survey .
And to address some of those concerns , she introduced the Census Improvement
Act to work toward fixing the census process going forward , ” Dziok said .
Happy and selfish ( Image : Alex Serge / Rex Features )
The Founding Fathers liked happiness so much they considered pursuing it an inalienable right – but maybe that was n’t such a good idea .
Happiness seems to make people more selfish , the latest in a series of revelations suggesting it changes how you think – and not in a good way .
Psychologist Joe Forgas at the University of New South Wales in Sydney , Australia , who has led many of these studies , suggests that happiness ’s negative effects all stem from a cheery mood ’s tendency to lull you into feeling secure .
This makes you look inwards and behave both more selfishly and more carelessly .
“ People in a positive mood generally rely more on their own thoughts and preferences , and pay less attention to the outside world and social norms , ” says Forgas .
Advertisement
To probe the effect of happiness on selfishness , Forgas and his colleague Hui Bing Tan put 45 students into good or bad moods by giving them positive or negative feedback on a “ cognitive test ” that they had taken .
In fact the test was a fake and did not measure cognition , while the feedback bore no relation to their performance .
Caring , sharing
After using a questionnaire to establish that the volunteers really were happy or sad , Forgas and Tan gave each one 10 raffle tickets for a A $ 20 prize .
The students could choose between sharing some of their tickets with another , hypothetical student or selfishly keeping them all .
On average , those who had been praised kept more raffle tickets .
In a second experiment , Forgas and Tan used film clips to set the mood .
Half of a group of 72 students were treated to a 10 - minute clip of the British TV comedy Fawlty Towers , whilst the other half endured a passage from the gloomy film Angela ’s Ashes .
After taking another mood questionnaire , this time the students were shown pictures of a buddy they could share their raffle tickets with – with the intention of making the idea of sharing more vivid than the case of a hypothetical student .
Again , the happy students were less likely to share .
Forgas ’s explanation is that happy people focus more on their own desires .
“ Positive mood is in a sense an evolutionary signal , subconsciously informing people that the situation they face is safe and non-threatening , ” he says .
This encourages people to rely more on their own thoughts and preferences , with selfishness the result .
Grumpiness or sadness , on the other hand , produces more vigilant , outward - looking thinkers .
“ A negative mood produces a thinking style that is more detailed and attentive , and pays more attention to the demands of the external environment , ” says Forgas .
I ’ve forgotten why I ’m happy
This latest finding adds to a wealth of data suggesting that being happy is n’t all it ’s cracked up to be .
In previous studies , Forgas has found that happy people are less able to develop a persuasive argument , more gullible and worse at remembering objects in a shop window than their unhappy fellows .
Happy people are also more likely to be influenced by stereotypes , says Forgas : in another study , happy non-Muslim Australians were more likely to make snap negative judgements about – and even to shoot – computer images of people in traditional Muslim dress .
Ed Diener , a psychologist at the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign , points out that we should n’t forget the benefits of happiness , which he says include “ better health , social relationships and citizenship ” .
But he adds that “ it is wrong to say that it is always good to be happy ” .
Optimum happiness
Robert Cummins , a psychologist at Deakin University in Melbourne , Australia , and editor of the Journal of Happiness Studies , says he “ loves ” the research .
“ It is so very refreshing to hear an alternative to the view that happy is good , and more is better . ”
“ High levels of happiness generate openness to new experiences and gregariousness , but they also generate a lack of attention to detailed information and recklessness , ” says Cummins .
We all need to behave like this occasionally , he says , but not when we are confronted with a potentially dangerous situation .
“ Low levels of happiness generate introspection and the careful processing of information , where choices must be carefully made . ”
A happy person “ may well benefit from lowered mood while engaging in a task involving detailed information processing ” , adds Cummins .
In another study , he asked Australians to rate their happiness on a scale of 1 to 100 .
The most common rating was 75 .
He suggests that this might reflect 75 per cent of our potential happiness , which may be an optimum level : enough to enjoy the benefits , but not too much .
Journal reference : Journal of Experimental Social Psychology , DOI : 10.1016/j.jesp.2010.01.007
On February 9th a jury at the Plymouth Superior Court in Massachusetts convicted Carolyn Riley of second degree murder of her daughter , Rebecca , a 4 year old , who died three years ago .
Rebecca 's father , Michael , will be tried separately for first degree murder next month .
A county coroner determined an overdose of the medication , clonidine obtained from a child psychiatrist , caused Rebecca 's death .
Prosecutors maintained that the parents intentionally overdosed their daughter to " keep her quiet " .
Apparently the jury did n't accept the parents ' defense which had them " just following the doctor 's orders . "
In essence , Kayoko Kifuji , the child psychiatrist who prescribed clonidine to Rebecca , was exonerated with the mother 's conviction .
Kifuji worked at the Tufts New England Medical Center .
She also prescribed two other medications to Rebecca used frequently in children 's problems , Seroquel , approved for use by the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) for treating and Depakote , studied and approved for epilepsy .
Clonidine , also known as Catapress , was approved and studied for the treatment of hypertension .
However , all three drugs are widely used in the treatment of pediatric - although the FDA has approved none of them for this use .
All three are potentially heavily sedating .
In America doctors have the equivalent power afforded gun owners by the " right to bear arms " second amendment to the Constitution .
Once awarded a medical license a doctor can prescribe any drug approved by the FDA for any purpose .
The doctor is guided by her medical judgment and .
However , doctors can be sued or have their licenses terminated if their treatment does not to " current medical standards . "
Dr. Kifuji determined that Rebecca at age two had hyperactivity and began prescribing drugs to her at that time .
Kifuji changed her diagnosis to bipolar disorder at age three .
She also made the same diagnosis for Rebecca 's brother and sister who were nine and seven .
All three were receiving variations of these sedating psychiatric medications .
Kifuji , who was granted immunity against prosecution to gain her , testified during the trial that she relied almost exclusively on reports from Rebecca 's mother on the children 's aggressive behavior , sleep problems and history of mental illness in the family to make the diagnosis for the three children .
When Rebecca died , Dr. Kifuji initially withdrew from practice .
Her license was temporarily suspended .
But she is now back working at Tufts .
Right from the start , the University defended her , saying her practice with Rebecca was " within medical standards . "
Subsequently Kifuji , herself , underwent hours of testimony in front of a grand jury but was not indicted .
The Board of Registration in Medicine , Massachusetts ' medical licensing organization , also allowed her last year to return to practice .
Yet when I tell non-psychiatric colleagues and friends that a three year old was prescribed three psychiatric drugs for bipolar disorder , they are uniformly incredulous or shocked .
So apparently were the jurors .
Requesting anonymity after the trial , jurors told the Boston Globe , " Every one of us was very angry .
Dr. Kifuji should be sitting in the defendant 's chair , too .
It blew me away . "
Clearly the jurors and most of the country were unaware of this practice of medicating younger and younger children with these powerful drugs .
However , it is not all that surprising that Tufts and the licensing board backed Kifuji 's actions .
It is only about 27 miles between where she worked and the Massachusetts General Hospital where Joseph Biederman , head of Harvard 's Pediatric Clinic , has long espoused the bipolar diagnosis in children .
He and his group have claimed the diagnosis can be made in children as young as two and should be followed by aggressive psychiatric drug interventions .
I wonder if this had taken place anywhere in the country but New England whether the powers that be would have been as supportive of Kifuji .
Biederman has been arguably the most powerful and influential child psychiatrist in the country .
Drug companies , eager to promote his views and their wares to other doctors , paid and flew him all over the country .
More recently his " science " has come under scrutiny over a series of conflict of interest charges with the drug industry .
Even before his public scandals , the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry , the official organization of American child psychiatry , published guidelines declaring that bipolar disorder could not be diagnosed in children under six and was a difficult diagnosis to establish in any pre- child .
A psychiatrist cynically once remarked , " drugs are for irritable and irritating kids .
Bipolar drugs are for very irritable and very irritating kids . "
The point is even with controversy over the bipolar diagnosis , the use of anti- drugs like Seroquel , Risperdal and Zyprexa in the five and under population has doubled in the last five years , particularly among Medicaid and foster children .
There are several hundred thousand toddlers in America currently being managed ( sedated ) by their parents and doctors with these drugs .
Clearly , Kifuji did n't literally put the teaspoons of clonidine that killed Rebecca into her mouth .
Still , like gun manufacturers who claim they bear no responsibility when someone misuses a handgun for murder , there 's something disingenuous about a doctor who prescribed these drugs and then acknowledges no moral culpability in the death of this unfortunate child .
I question whether the bipolar diagnosis can be reliably made in any child .
The new version of the Diagnostic Statistical Manual of Psychiatry V , " the bible " of American Psychiatry is due out in 2013 .
In news releases anticipating its publication , the plan apparently is to junk the bipolar diagnosis in children for something called temper dysregulation disorder emphasizing the transient nature of the problem ( as opposed to the life long implications of bipolar disorder diagnosis ) and an emphasis on changing the children 's environment rather than using drugs .
So many of these children currently diagnosed as bipolar come from chaotic and turbulent family environments .
Still I can imagine situations where these drugs , whatever label is applied to the children , will be used .
I do n't Kifuji and other child psychiatrists who work with indigent families with problem kids .
Non -drug interventions , particularly family and therapies are hard to come by and deliver .
The child psychiatrist and her medications may be the last resort for keeping these children in their home and out of foster care where they are even more likely to get multiple medications .
I am glad I do n't have to face that ethical decision several time a day in a busy tertiary care university clinic .
Those that support and back pediatric bipolar disorder and its treatment have an obligation to speak out about the abuse of these drugs in the sedation and occasional deaths of children .
Their silence in this case has been deafening .
Unfortunately , it will take several more Rebecca Riley tragedies before the public makes it unacceptable for doctors to put these drugs in hands of parents to manage or mismanage the behavior of their very young children .
Two adults , two kids , no car :
One family 's year - long experiment
ABC Radio National / By Sarah Allely for Life Matters
Our family 's been doing an experiment for the past year — to see what it 's like living without a car .
You know , because 2020 is n't already challenging enough .
So what 's the verdict ?
( Newser ) – Wrapping up his 6 - hour surprise visit to Afghanistan with a speech before a crowd of service members , President Obama said today , " There 's no visit that I considered more important than this visit that I 'm making right now . "
After spending the early part of his overnight trip pressing Hamid Karzai to improve civilian efforts to keep order , Obama got a warmer welcome from a cheering crowd audience at Bagram air base .
" We did not choose this war , " said Obama , on his second visit to Afghanistan and first since taking office .
" This was not an act of America wanting to expand its influence , of us wanting to meddle in somebody else 's business .
We were attacked viciously on 9/11 , when thousands of our fellow countrymen and women were killed . "
( Read more President Obama stories . )
With some exceptions , all the photos seen on the Costume Mercenary 's blog have not been photoshopped beyond cropping and resizing .
Photos have have been , for lack of a better word , enhanced , are all labelled as such in their own posts .
POLICE are baffled how they did it but the Prime Minister definitely has a problem in Rose Bay - with a large illuminated traffic sign sending the message : " Kevin Rudd sucks " .
The sign , which dramatically appeared overnight on New South Head Road , has proven a traffic stopper .
Locals have been stopping their cars to take photographs - and the sign caused such a distraction that the police were called in at 3 am today .
Working hard to preserve the Prime Minister 's honour , the dedicated police officers took to the power box powering the sign with bolt cutters to turn off the lights .
Do you know who is the daring culprit ?
Phone us on 02 9288 3413 , email us at online@dailytelegraph.com.au
Originally published as No offence PM but Kevin Rudd sucks
When a district in Rhode Island announced its intention to fire all teachers at Central Falls High School in an unmistakable gesture of blame seeking , I knew without knowing it was an impoverished school .
When a school board in Kansas City announced it would close 28 schools before the start of the next school year I knew they were the poorest of the poor .
Indeed , just a little research revealed that Central Falls is one of the poorest cities in the state and after the exodus of some 18,000 students to charter schools and more affluent suburban districts , the remaining 17,400 students in the schools scheduled for demolition in Kansas City are “ mostly black and impoverished . ”
If we take a hard look at what the government under the dictates of No Child Left Behind ( NCLB ) considers failing or failed schools they are invariably schools impacted by a community in poverty .
Moreover , if we consider the effects of the recent economic implosion ( high unemployment , home foreclosures and declining home values ) and the disproportionate impact on impoverished communities , it is easy to see why schools are struggling .
Whenever data is generated by any credible source , the correlation between poverty and educational achievement is so strong it is impossible for any unbiased individual to ignore .
When schools are ranked according to quality , those on the top of the list are invariably wealthy and predominantly white while those at the bottom are invariably poor with high proportions of minorities .
As anyone who took Statistics 101 can tell you , correlation does not translate to causality but as anyone who advanced to Statistics 102 can tell you :
When you are searching for answers to guide public policy , correlation is where you begin .
Ignoring the effects of poverty on education is like ignoring the effect of criminals on crime .
It was therefore disheartening when President Obama seemed to sanction the mass firing in Rhode Island for it signaled a continuation of the Republican philosophy of education embodied in NCLB and cleared the way for Democrats and Republicans alike to join in one of oldest political tricks on the books .
I call it : Blame the Teacher Syndrome .
In California we have recently witnessed the now familiar solution to budgetary crises :
Fire the teachers and break the back of public education .
We also learned that the Golden State has attained the singular honor of being last in the nation in per capita funding for public education .
For years the state held steady at number 47 but now it has sunk below the Katrina ravaged states of Mississippi and Louisiana .
Having reached that lofty status you would think it would be impossible for any politician to stand before the electorate and proclaim that we can no longer expect to solve the problem of education by throwing money it .
Yet that it precisely what they are doing and have done with a great deal of political success .
With a straight face they proclaim that we cannot sacrifice our children ’s future by running up deficits , but that is precisely what they have done by supervising the decimation of our public school system .
No Child Left Behind ( the lasting legacy of George W. Bush ) was nothing more nor less than a prescription for blaming teachers and opening the door to the privatization of public education .
One of the primary means by which they intended to achieve that objective is the charter school alternative .
Charter schools are self - governing and exempt from the testing mandates and accountability measures that regular public schools confront .
They are increasingly administered by private for - profit corporations .
The latest available data obtained by the National Assessment of Educational Progress found in 2003 that students in charter schools performed poorer than comparable students in regular public schools .
The government ’s solution to the problem was to stop collecting data .
So much for accountability .
Another means of achieving the goal of undermining public education is commonly known as school vouchers .
Under this increasingly popular program public funds are siphoned from public education to finance private schools .
Once again , the private alternative is not subject to the same mandates and accountability measures as public schools and , again , there is no data to support any advantage in educational achievement .
So the solution to under - funded public schools is to steal already limited financing and award it to private schools with their own faith - based agenda .
So much for the future of our children .
It is encouraging that President Obama recently announced a strategy for reforming No Child Left Behind .
He wants to lessen the importance of standardized testing by expanding success criteria to include such factors as attendance and “ learning climate . ”
He wants to replace the overriding goal that all students should achieve proficiency in reading and math with the goal that all students should graduate prepared for college and career ( begging the question :
How are students not proficient in reading and math prepared for college and career ? )
He wants to emphasize the achievement gap between rich and poor students and he wants to expand criteria for teacher evaluations .
It is perhaps a beginning , a modest improvement , but like so many of his administration ’s initiatives it is dramatically inadequate .
It does not lessen the testing burden that has done so much to transform our schools into testing factories .
It does not address the underlying privatization motive of NCLB .
It does not put a halt to public funding of private schools .
Most importantly , at a time when schools across the nation are being pounded with budget cuts , the Obama education policy does not address the systemic problem of chronic under - funding of the public schools .
The Obama policy does not even ask the essential question :
Why do impoverished schools produce impoverished results ?
Why indeed would any quality teacher want to work in an impoverished district that will almost inevitably blame him or her for the failures of public education ?
I would have liked to announce with the Obama administration proposals that the age of blaming teachers was at a close but I am afraid it is only entering a new chapter .
In the March 2 , 2010 , primary election , avowed young - earth creationist Don McLeroy narrowly lost his bid to be the Republican candidate for the District 9 seat on the Texas state board of education .
As the Dallas Morning News ( March 3 , 2010 ) reported , " The fiercely contested race pitted McLeroy , a dentist from College Station and member of the board ’s social conservative bloc , against [ Thomas ] Ratliff , a legislative consultant and son of former Lt. Gov. Bill Ratliff , " who is viewed as likely to side with the moderates on the board .
There is no Democratic candidate for the seat , so Ratliff is expected to be elected in November 2010 .
Originally elected to the board in 1998 , McLeroy was persistently determined to undermine the treatment of evolution in Texas 's public schools .
During the debate over biology textbook adoption in 2003 , he was one of the four members of the board who misused the state science standards to oppose adopting the eleven textbooks under consideration .
His attacks on science education — including his endorsement of a book that described parents who want their children to learn about evolution as " monsters " — were in part responsible for the state senate 's refusal to confirm him as chair of the board in May 2009 , as NCSE previously reported .
McLeroy 's assault on evolution came to a head during a meeting of the board in March 2009 when he declaimed , in a now notorious moment , " Somebody 's got to stand up to experts ! "
( Video is available on NCSE 's YouTube channel . )
Unfortunately , a majority of the board did so , voting to amend the Texas state science standards to add a requirement that students examine " all sides of scientific evidence " and to add or amend various standards in a way that encourages the presentation of creationist claims about the complexity of the cell , the completeness of the fossil record , and the age of the universe .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
02/18/2010
Video :
And the winner of # CPAC10's ' Who'll 1st liken us to Hitler ? ' contest is ...
by Jeremy Hooper
Dr. Janice Shaw Crouse :
Crouse : Lack Of Morals Making Our Children Susceptible to Becoming The Next Hitler Youth [ RWW ]
So wait , if pro-equality children who value same - sex couples are the next Hitler Youth , what does that make us ?
Hmm , hold on , let me go ask my Jewish husband if he ( a ) knows , and if so , if he 's ( b ) offended that this quip was made by a conservative evangelical at a conference where , just a few minutes later , another speaker on Crouse 's panel ( Eric Metaxas ) made a majorly aggressive point of telling this supposedly diverse political audience that Jesus is the non-negotiable Lord .
Invoking Hitler : It 's Hollow / Costly !
Your thoughts
* Actually * , J-man , I 've been wondering for a long time , now , when someone 'd liken the Conservatives Christians to Hitler ?!
Remember all the book burnings their churches used to hold back in the day ?
Many of his speeches sound like they could have been written by Evangelicals today !
And , the astonishing statements from this woman are abominable , especially considering the fact ( which your husband likely knows quite well ) is that we Gays were also a target of Nazi persecution -- we were rounded up in the death camps and , so far as I understand , treated worse than the Jews with a far greater mortality percentage than any other minority .
Anyone who 's not seen the documentary , " Paragraph 175 " , nor read the book , " The Men With the Pink Triangle " -- do so !
Remember , according to the spring 2005 Intelligence report from the Southern Poverty Law Center , the great Evangelical backlash against Gays as ( as Mags would put it , " a threat to peoples of faith " ! ) , was because the Evangelical white men were looking around themselves in the 1960s and disgusted by what they saw :
First it was women wanting to up - end their gender - roles and ( gods help us ! ) get a career outside of the home !
Then it was the blacks , wanting civil rights .
Then there was that little end to segregation and interracial marriage band .
And , now the Gays in the 1970sd ?!
They had finally had enough , and drew the proverbial " line " .
I know I 've been posting the link to this article a lot , lately ; but , I think it 's vitally important that as many people actually read it as possible , considering what it says about the Right wanting the US governed by what they call " Biblical Law " !
Scary , right ?!
http://www.splcenter.org/get-informed/intelligence-report/browse-all-issues/2005/spring/holy-war
PS : Dude , you have no idea how many gay people I have run into who have no idea who Maggie Gallagher is ?!
That 's disheartening to me , considering what a threat she is to us with her mendacious ad campaigns based in fear - mongering !
Posted by : Wade MacMorrighan | Feb 18 , 2010 10:55:46 PM
I did n't hear the words " gay " or " homosexual " in that clip .
Posted by : KipEsquire | Feb 19 , 2010 9:41:18 AM
Of course you did n't , KE .
Instead you hear about families that are " nothing more than people living together , " and a world without " moral absolutes . "
You hear code , not directness .
Her offense extends beyond the LGBT community .
But do n't be fooled :
We are front and center .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Feb 19 , 2010 9:57:02 AM
These people took Goebbel 's playbook and are using it for the RRRW .
Who do they think they 're kidding ?
The Christofascists are the worst group of people in the U.S .
Posted by : Mykelb | Feb 19 , 2010 4:32:26 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Vignette # 4 : The Hero Your Hero Could Be
( CNN ) --
On a day when car bombings targeting Shiite pilgrims in Iraq killed at least 32 people , Iraq 's Sunni vice president , Tariq al - Hashimi , said " drastic action " is required to improve the quality of Iraq 's security forces .
Al - Hashimi told CNN's Christiane Amanpour that Iraq -- with U.S. help -- must put some sort of benchmarks in place to improve the qualifications of Iraq 's armed forces and security services .
" Time is running out quickly , " he said , referring to the fact the United States has agreed to withdraw all its forces from Iraq by the end of 2011 .
U.S. combat forces are due to leave much earlier , by August of this year .
" What we need from now until December 2011 is help for Iraqi forces and for security to be upgraded so they can fill the vacuum when American troops pull out eventually in December 2011 , " al - Hashimi said .
He said he also is concerned about the fact that members of sectarian militias might have infiltrated the Iraqi security forces .
Friday 's car bombings -- two in the holy city of Karbala and one in the capital , Baghdad -- struck pilgrims celebrating Arbaeen , the end of the 40 - day mourning period after Ashura .
Almost 100 people have been killed in attacks on pilgrims this week .
The bombings came after a series of high profile attacks in Baghdad against government ministries and hotels in recent months .
The government blames insurgents trying to disrupt the upcoming elections , to be held March 7 .
Despite a continuing dispute over whether to ban 500 candidates with alleged ties to the Baathist Party , al - Hashimi said he is optimistic about the prospects for the election .
" Everybody now says the majority of all people are in fact talking in nationalistic language , which is very good , " he said .
" And if you check the political agenda , you will see no differences whatsoever in fact on sectarian or ethnic ( issues ) . "
Al - Hashimi , however , issued a challenge to Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki , who is trying to present himself as a strong non-sectarian national leader .
He called on al - Maliki to leave his Dawa Party , which has historically been a Shiite Party , and form a purely national , cross-sectarian political entity .
Today 's Daily Mail reports that Ed Balls and Yvette Cooper are pushing Alistair Darling to reduce the salary threshold for the new 50 p tax rate from £ 150,000 to £ 100,000 in this month 's Budget .
The Schools Secretary and his wife previously called for this change ahead of last November 's pre-Budget report , but found themselves outmanoeuvred by Peter Mandelson .
This latest dispute is likely to increase the tension between those , such as Mandelson , who view the new tax rate as temporary and regrettable and those , such as Balls , who view it as permanent and desirable .
Unlike the Business Secretary , who believes that it would be madness for Labour to vacate the centre ground , Balls believes that the times call for an unambiguously left - of - centre approach .
It 's a preview of the sort of the debate we can expect to see in any future leadership contest .
The Blairite wing of the party ( at least what 's left of it ) will argue that any short - term political advantage to be gained from moving to the left is outweighed by the risk of permanently alienating " aspirational " voters .
Meanwhile , Balls ( who is certain to run ) will point to polls suggesting that the 50 p tax rate as well as the bonus tax are among the most popular things Labour has done .
Should Darling agree to widen the 50 p band in the Budget , it will be first blood to Balls in the battle for Labour 's ideological soul .
PS : The potential expansion of the 50 p rate is another elephant trap we can expect David Cameron ( much to Boris Johnson 's consternation ) to avoid easily .
Follow the New Statesman team on Twitter .
American History but with Cats By llllucid Watch
6 K Favourites 1K Comments 128K Views
EDIT : Made this available for download because dA 's new gallery system does n't let you full view past your browser size .
>:E
This was put up at school for our Sunday comic exhibition today so I figured I 'd throw it up here as well .
Done a month ago I think .
American history , in all its glory .
But with cats .
Fffhahaaa .
17 " x22 " , Rapidograph technical pens
IMAGE DETAILS Image size 1785x2310px 2.18 MB
Show More
Published : Nov 14 , 2009
Blogging a noisy and socialistic view on politics , security , and whatever may take my fancy .
" All the world now is in the Ranting humour " - Samuel Sheppard , 1647
Once again members of the mainstream media are running wild with the notion that marijuana use causes schizophrenia and psychosis .
To add insult to injury , this latest dose of reefer rhetoric comes only days after investigators in the United Kingdom reported in the prestigious scientific journal Addiction that the available evidence in support of this theory is neither very new , nor by normal criteria , particularly compelling . 
( Predictably , the conclusions of that study went all together unnoticed by the mainstream press . )
Marijuana is Safer : So ... Tvert , Mason Best Price : $ 2.99 Buy New $ 21.00 ( as of 05:25 EST - Details )
Yet todays latest alarmist report , like those studies touting similar claims before it , fails to account for the following :
If , as the authors of this latest study suggest , cannabis use is a cause of mental illness ( and schizophrenia in particular ) , then why have diagnosed incidences of schizophrenia not paralleled rising trends in cannabis use over time ?
In fact , it was only in September when investigators at the Keele University Medical School in Britain smashed the pot = schizophrenia theory to smithereens .
Writing in the journal Schizophrenia Research , the team compared trends in marijuana use and incidences of schizophrenia in the United Kingdom from 1996 to 2005 .
Researchers reported that the incidence and prevalence of schizophrenia and psychoses were either stable or declining  during this period , even though the use of cannabis among the general population was rising .
Marijuana Cooking : Goo ... Green , Veronica Best Price : $ 1.97 Buy New $ 14.99 ( as of 07:40 EST - Details )
That said , none of this is to suggest that there may not be some association between marijuana use and certain psychiatric ailments , if for no other reason than symptoms of mental illness often strike early in life — at a time , statistically , when the largest percentage of the population is likely to be already experimenting with cannabis .
In truth , marijuana use can correlate with mental illness for many reasons .
People often turn to cannabis to alleviate the symptoms of distress .
One study performed in Germany showed that cannabis offsets certain cognitive declines in a subset of schizophrenic patients .
Another study demonstrated that psychotic symptoms predict later use of cannabis , suggesting that people might turn to the plant for help rather than become ill after use .
Grow Great Marijuana : ... Edwards , Logan Best Price : $ 4.58 Buy New $ 18.91 ( as of 12:30 EST - Details )
Of course , even if one takes the MSMs latest u201Csky is falling u201D scenario at face value , health risks connected with pot use — when scientifically documented — should not be seen as legitimate reasons for criminal prohibition , but instead , as reasons for the plants legal regulation .
For instance , as I told AOL News :  We dont outlaw peanuts because a small percentage of people have allergic reactions .
We educate the community , we regulate where and when peanuts can be exchanged .
That seems like it ought to apply to marijuana , too . 
To draw another real world comparison , millions of Americans safely use ibuprofen as an effective pain reliever .
However , among a minority of the population who suffer from liver and kidney problems , ibuprofen presents a legitimate and substantial health risk .
However , this fact no more calls for the criminalization of ibuprofen among adults than do these latest anti-pot allegations , even if true , call for the current prohibition of cannabis .
Placed in this context , todays warnings do little to advance the governments position in favor of tightening prohibition , and provide ample ammunition to wage for its repeal .
Reprinted from Alternet .
The Best of Paul Armentano
It ’s been more than three years since Introversion , indie developers behind Uplink , Defcon and Darwinia , first dropped the name of their new project , Subversion .
That blog post and every subsequent entry were incredibly candid about the process of building the systems behind the game with screenshots and videos .
But what kind of game it actually is was never revealed , until now .
Rock , Paper , Shotgun has the scoop with news from Introversion ’s launch event for Darwinia + , where Subversion was demoed for the first time .
From the very early work - in - progress demo that was shown , it appears that the game is about infiltration and sabotage .
Where Uplink was a game of hacking and espionage on the intangible , ethereal level of the internet , Subversion takes place on the physical , infrastructural level , with the same kind of goals to accomplish .
In the examples given the player was tasked with finding a secure server room in an office building , and had certain tools at his disposal including a stolen keycard and a wallscanner .
A second run demonstrated a brute - force approach with guns and explosives .
The way RPS ’ Jim Rossignol puts it excites me :
On a wider , genre basis , it sits roughly in the Commandos area of careful execution of planned procedures .
Or perhaps it is to Syndicate as Thief was to the shooter tradition …
The visuals of the game will no doubt use the neon - retro style that Introversion is known for .
As you can see in the early development screenshots , flat - shaded and wireframe graphics portray the city blocks and interiors .
It suggests an abstraction of the action , placing the player in the role of an overseer , able to witness the situation from various camera views .
As explained in the blog posts ( and in the video embedded below ) , the art assets like the buildings and room layouts are all created procedurally - that is to say , generated by a computer algorithm as opposed to hand - crafted by a person .
Changing certain values or randomising them produces completely different results , and in this way whole cities and offices can be created .
Perhaps this will be done every time you play a level in Subversion , which would mean that each playthrough would have different maps to infiltrate .
Update :
Chris Delay of Introversion has updated the blog with a post about the Subversion demo , with screenshots of the build shown .
Hit the jump to check them out .
Chris explicitly calls the game a “ spiritual successor ” to Uplink , confirming our first impressions .
Have a look at the post for more early information including the ambitious premise .
You will be using Sabotage , Social Engineering and Grifting , custom Electrical and Mechanical devices , Distractions , Hacking , Stealth , Acrobatics , Precision demolitions , Trickery , whatever gets the job done .
In the best case scenarios your enemies will never know you were even there .
The game is still probably very far from completion , but be sure that I ’ll be watching very closely for updates and will post them as they come .
Below , the magic of procedural generation .
I originally intended to submit this as a Christmas list , but I got sidetracked and forgot about it .
So I bring it to your attention now with a few amendments from my original list .
Hope you enjoy the items I ’ve selected , please feel free to add your own in the comments section .
What would you buy if money was no object ?
Maybe a diamond ring a supercar or even a new house ?
The choice is yours .
Below is a list of ten gifts that you may consider purchasing for yourself or loved ones .
Prices are given in U.K pounds and U.S dollars and are approximate .
10 Wristwatch £ 15 million / $ 25 million
Yes , you read that right : £ 15 million .
This is a timepiece by Chopard it is adorned with three heart - shaped diamonds , a 15 - carat pink diamond , a 12 - carat blue diamond and an 11 - carat white diamond .
Just for good measure , they threw in 163 carats of white and yellow diamonds to bring the total to 201 carats of diamonds .
It ’s £ 15 million price tag will guarantees its place as the world ’s most expensive watch for years to come .
9 Diamond Ring £ 9.78 million / $ 16.26 million
Another piece by Chopard is the Blue Diamond Ring , it is the ring that makes any other diamond ring look bad .
Set with an enormous , oval - shaped blue diamond , the ring also has diamond shoulders and an 18 k white gold band paved with diamonds .
Blue diamond is among the most expensive diamonds in the world .
It is found among boron deposits , from whence it derives its shade .
This particular gem weighs in at nine carats .
The world ’s most expensive ring is valued at £ 9.78 million , enough to put a dent in the wallets of even the wealthiest individuals .
8 Mobile Phone £ 1.44 million / $ 2.4 million
Where would we be without our mobile / cell phone ?
The Austrian jeweler Peter Aloisson still develops a unique and innovative iPhone 3G Kings Button as the world ’s most expensive mobile phone .
The iPhone 3G Kings Button is dressed with high quality diamond and gold that make it special , unique and luxurious .
Its home button has been integrated with high quality 6.6 carat diamonds and every corner of the phone has a white gold line which contain approximately 138 finely shaped diamonds on it .
The lavish jewelry designer of the iPhone 3G Kings Button has created a record for himself by creating the most expensive iPhone 3G in the world .
7 Car £ 750.000 / $ 1.25 million
If your passion for performance and luxury cars cannot be stopped , and your McLaren F1 is becoming a bore with the rest of your exotic cars , it might be time to check out the Veyron from Bugatti .
At around £ 750,000 , it is the most expensive production car ever made .
So what do you get for all that money ?
How about a W - 16 ( essentially two narrow - angle V - 8s sharing a crankshaft ) with four turbochargers generating 1001 hp , throw in all - wheel drive and you ’ve got a seriously fast car .
The Bugatti Veyron 16.4 hits 60 mph in 2.5 secs. , does the quarter - mile in 10.5 secs .
and reaches its top speed of 252 mph in just 55 secs .
After a long absence from the market Bugatti has reclaimed its title as the ultimate performance car and reigns supreme as the world ’s most expensive car in production .
6 House £ 1.33 billion / $ 2 billion
Antilla is the new house of Mukesh Ambani .
This house breaks the record for most expensive house in the world .
It is the first home in the world that exceeds $ 1 billion .
The house is 570 feet high and is built in the middle of downtown Mumbai , India around an area that ’s full of poverty .
Each of Ambani ’s family will have their own personal health club ; there is also a six level garage for 168 cars .
Most of the tower is built from glass .
The ultra modern house also features a panic room and cinema and each level also has a lush garden .
The family employs around 600 servants and staff .
5 Wine £ 165,000 / $ 275,000
Shipwrecked 1907 Heidsieck .
These hundred year old bottles of Champagne from the Heidsieck vineyard in Champagne took over eighty years to reach their destination .
Shipped to the Russian Imperial family in 1916 .
A shipwreck off the coast of Finland caused this champagne to be lost at sea until divers discovered over 200 bottles in 1997 .
Now they ’re finally being sold to wealthy guests at the Ritz - Carlton hotel in Moscow .
The wine ’s extraordinary tale and incredible age are what makes it the world ’s most expensive wine .
4 Perfume £ 129,000 / $ 215,000
Stuck for a valentines gift , present for Mummy , or a stocking filling for aunt Jessie ?
If money is no object to you , £ 129,000 a bottle of British designer Clive Christian ’s “ Imperial Majesty ” has recently been voted in the Guinness book of records the most expensive perfume in the world .
You do of course get your moneys worth .
Not only 16.9 ounces of the juice poured into a fit for the queen bottle , but also stuck into the 18 - carat gold collar is a five - carat diamond .
With only five bottles made , you would be unique , different … and broke .
However , you get your beautiful niche perfume , and you wo n’t smell like anybody else .
Also the price includes delivery in a Bentley … Run to Harrods now !
[ JFrater : I have smelled this perfume and it is not all that appealing .
If you want a good perfume that is not too pricey but beyond the reach of the average buyer , get the unisex Amouage Tribute Attar – it smells amazing and is $ 650 US for 30 ml . ]
3 Teddy Bear £ 43,000 / $ 71,500
The £ 43,000 bear has fur made of real gold , and eyes made with sapphires and diamonds .
Steiff , which claims to have made the world ’s first ever teddy bear , made the golden bear to celebrate its 125th anniversary .
The new bear has a mouth made of solid gold , fur made from gold thread and eyes with pupils of sapphire and irises made from 20 tiny diamonds .
Only 125 editions of the collectable Jubilee Bear have been produced .
2 Computer Mouse £ 12,400 / $ 24,180
Most consumers just use the mouse that comes with their desktop and only purchase a mouse when they spill the inevitable hot cup of coffee and ruin the wheel action on their mouse .
Others must think of their mouse as a fashion accessory though , because why else would Swiss manufacturer Pat Says Now produce the world ’s most expensive computer mouse .
The costly peripheral is cast from 18 carat white gold and set with 59 brilliant cut diamonds .
The mouse utilizes a modern 3 - button wheel optical mouse design , options for USB or PS / 2 connections for PC or Mac , an 800 dpi Resolution , and a 3 year warranty .
The expensive mouse comes in two designs , “ Diamond Flower ” and the “ Scattered Diamond ” layout .
You can bling out and personalize the most expensive computer mouse by adding your initials in diamonds , and can choose from yellow , red or white gold with white or black trim .
1 Bra £ 6.66 million / $ 10 million
Inspired by the Angels Collection from Victoria ’s Secret , this fantasy bra is truly sent from heaven .
The Fantasy Bra is the embodiment of the Victoria ’s Secret Angels – with a design as dazzling and ethereal as Angel ’s wings .
The creation features 2,900 pavé - set white diamonds in 18 k white gold weighing a total of 112 carats .
The centerpiece of this once - in - a - lifetime piece is a stunning 70 - carat , pear - shaped flawless diamond .
Here ’s a first : a full - sized chandelier that was made using 14,000 tampons .
Created by Joana Vasconcelos , it ’s “ soaking up the gazes of art lovers , and will continue to do so until the Belem Cultural Center exhibition ends , on May 18 , 2010 . ”
Click here for first picture in gallery .
Called “ The Bride ” this chandelier is right now in a gallery in Lisbon .
It ’s a 5 - meter tall chandelier made from wire , cotton thread , and over 14,000 tampons .
As Democrats , after a Sunday rally on the Capitol grounds , marched to the House hand - in - hand to vote health care reform , Tea Partiers reportedly shouted the " n- word " at John Lewis and another black congressman .
A third was allegedly spat upon .
And Barney Frank was called a nasty name .
Tea Partiers deny it all .
And neither audio nor video of this alleged incident has been produced , though TV cameras and voice recorders were everywhere on the Hill .
Other Democrats say their offices were vandalized and they 've been threatened .
A few received , and eagerly played for cable TV , obscene phone calls they got .
If true , this is crude and inexcusable behavior .
And any threat should be investigated .
But Democrats are also exploiting these real , imaginary or hoked - up slurs to portray themselves as political martyrs and to smear opponents as racists and bigots .
This is the politics of desperation .
Majority Whip James Clyburn accuses Republicans of " aiding and abetting ... terrorism . "
New York Times columnist Frank Rich compared the Tea Party treatment of Democrats to Nazi treatment of the Jews during Kristallnacht :
" How curious that a mob fond of likening President Obama to Hitler knows so little about history that it does n't recognize its own small - scale mimicry of Kristallnacht . "
Kristallnacht , " Crystal Night , " the " Night of Broken Glass , " was the worst pogrom in Germany since the Middle Ages .
Synagogues were torched and hundreds of businesses smashed .
Shattered glass covered the streets .
Women were assaulted and men beaten and murdered .
After that terrible night , half the Jews remaining in Germany fled .
To compare a brick tossed through the window of a congressional office and two shouted slurs to Kristallnacht suggests a growing paranoia on the left about the populist right .
Not since the Civil Rights
Act of 1964 made " some Americans run off the rails , " said Rich , have we seen anything like this .
Was Rich awake in 1964 ?
Because it was n't the right that went off the rails .
The really big riot in 1964 was in Harlem , lasting five days , with 500 injured and as many arrested .
The Watts riot in 1965 , Detroit and Newark in 1967 , Washington , D.C. , and 100 other cities in 1968 , all bringing troops into American cities , were not the work of George Wallace populists or Barry Goldwater conservatives .
They were the work of folks who went " all the way with LBJ . "
Nor was it Young Americans for Freedom that burned ROTC buildings , vandalized professors ' offices , toted the guns at Cornell or took over Columbia in 1968 .
And it was not the Birchers who set off that 1970 explosion in the Greenwich Village townhouse that killed three radicals and aborted the terrorist bombing of the NCO club at Fort Dix .
No , this was not the New Right .
This was the New Left , and it was Obama not John Boehner who used to " pal around " with one of the boys who did the Pentagon and Capitol Hill bombings .
As for calling Barney Frank a naughty name , that is not nice .
But one wonders what Rich thought of the students marching under Viet Cong flags chanting , about the man who signed that Civil Rights Act , " Hey , hey , LBJ , how many kids did you kill today ? " and , " Ho , Ho , Ho Chi Minh , the NLF is going to win , " when American boys were dying in the hundreds every week fighting the communist NLF ?
The 1967 attack on the Pentagon , where thousands tried to break through military police to get into the building , was the work of left - wing radicals .
Did the Tea Party folks who chanted , " Kill the bill , " outside the House behave worse than that ?
Some of us recall the anarchy of May Day 1971 , when 15,000 leftists tried to shut down Washington on a Monday morning by rolling logs onto Canal Road , smashing car windows , blocking traffic circles and wilding in Georgetown .
Most wound up behind a chain - link fence at the Armory .
How many were arrested on Capitol Hill Sunday a week ago ?
Not one Tea Partier , man or woman .
The " mass hysteria " of the Tea Party right , writes Rich , is at root about race .
" By 2012 ... non-Hispanic white births will be in the minority .
The Tea Party is virtually all white .
...
Their anxieties about a rapidly changing America are well - grounded . "
Rich is implying that when America 's white majority disappears , in 2042 according to 2008 Census Bureau projections , the day of the white conservative is over .
Given the rise in ethnic consciousness among all Americans , Rich may be right .
But it is not just white folks who want illegal aliens deported and legal immigration curtailed , while 25 million of our own are out of work or underemployed .
A Zogby poll for the Center for Immigration Studies found that 56 percent of Hispanics , 57 percent of Asian - Americans and 68 percent of African - Americans think legal immigration is too high .
If the Tea Party folks think it is leftist elites who detest and wish to be rid of the America they grew up in and love , they are right .
Reckless snacking is a given when you 're watching the Super Bowl .
So why not embrace your gluttony and build a snack stadium ?
I 've been gawking at snack stadiums for months .
Sunday 's Super Bowl provides the sports - related excuse to finally make one .
The stadium in This is Why You 're Fat : Where Dreams Become Heart Attacks serves as the template ( except for the part where you need a drill to hold things together ) .
You can blame the stadium at www.holytaco.com for the addition of Twinkies .
The sponge cake is sticky and works beautifully propping up cracker walls to keep the " fans " off the " field . "
Yes , I know it 's controversial to mix sweet with salty and savoury .
The guys at J&D's ( creators of Bacon Salt and Baconnaise ) made their stadium a " shrine to baconey snack food gluttony " using their products as well as Tater Tots , mozzarella sticks , chicken sticks and pizza rolls .
I could only sink as low as mini pogos .
To figure out the players , I had to research the teams .
( Not a sports fan . )
The New Orleans Saints wear gold - and - black helmets , so they got black olive helmets and spicy sausage bodies as a tribute to the Big Easy .
For the Indianapolis Colts ' white helmets we used white cheese balls and mainstream sausage ( pepperoni ) bodies .
The hardest part of stadium - building was grocery shopping .
I bought way too much and went to four grocery stores to find Bugles .
( Who knew they had become rare ? )
The easiest part was having Toronto Star designer Jo-Ann Dodds weave her artistic magic on the stadium .
It took about 90 minutes to build the stadium ( plus more than seven hours to research , design , grocery shop , cook and assemble ) .
We 've got the football ( it 's a green olive ) but no blimp .
You can hang one ( made from sausage ? ) from your ceiling , if you must .
Eat with reckless abandon .
You do n't want to have to clean this thing up .
jbain@thestar.ca
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
www.twitter.com/thesaucylady
Update : George Hotz responds .
Sony has announced that the next PS3 system software update — firmware 3.21 — is slated to hit the PlayStation Network on April 1 and will remove the OtherOS feature present on units prior to the slimline revision , due to “ security concerns . ”
While Sony neglected to delve into further detail , these “ security concerns ” likely stem from the discovery of an exploit credited to famed iPhone hacker George “ geohot ” Hotz .
Nothing usable to the average end - user has materialized yet , however , it ’s clear that the looming threat of piracy has led Sony to take precautionary measures .
While the update itself is an optional one , by opting out you will no longer be able to sign into PSN nor play PS3 titles that require firmware 3.21 or later .
Follow this author on Twitter .
Is going to college really worth it ?
Probably so , but it ’s not that clear cut , and economics have been arguing the point for 30 years .
Most studies tend to show that college - educated people end up making far more money in the course of their lifetimes .
( The niggle : Usually , it ’s not worth paying for a private university . )
Still , that evidence is n’t totally cut and dry :
What do you really learn in college ?
Is what you learned in college really what ’s producing the value ?
Or is it simply the mere fact of having a college degree ?
Or maybe there ’s something more subtle going on –that is , people who go to college tend to be more motivated or hard - working and would have ended up succeeding whatever they did ?
This graph makes a couple points in that debate : 1 . Whatever kids are doing in college , it does n’t seem to be about getting an education .
( Witness how students spend their hours every week . )
2 . Some majors do n’t really qualify you for much .
But who in their right mind would n’t recommend a college degree ?
If I had a guess , I think it ’s precisely that attitude that creates all the economic advantages–its the way our society is organized , rather than anything about college itself .
What ’s totally clear is that we definitely do not go about attending or paying for college in a way that makes any sense at all .
[ Luxury Spot via WeLoveDataVis ; I suspect this graphic is actually from OnlineEducation but could n’t find it on their Web site
You can find the original at Online Colleges and Universities , which seems to affilated with OnlineEducation ]
One , it shows marijuana use is not just for the young and wild .
We can only assume the age bracket — where AARP membership and senior discounts begin — was considered significant because it says old people are smoking .
Three , it shows a decline in marijuana usage : Back when boomers were young , half of us were smoking pot .
So if just 5 percent of us are still smoking , usage has dropped dramatically .
Or fourth :
The handwriting on the wall is getting bigger .
We need to make pot legal .
You do n't want Grandma and Grandpa doing hard time , do you ?
We get closer to legalizing pot all the time .
A national poll in October found that 44 percent of Americans support legalization — up from 36 percent in 2005 .
Fourteen states have made marijuana legal for medical purposes since California became the first in 1996 .
Fourteen other states are now considering changes in their laws against marijuana , ranging from allowing medical marijuana to decriminalization .
Florida is not among those 28 states , though polls have shown that a majority of Florida voters support medical marijuana .
A group is trying to get medical marijuana on the Florida ballot this fall .
Here 's hoping they succeed .
This is what some of us always believed would happen with marijuana laws :
People would realize the folly of keeping marijuana illegal and change the laws .
I think we imagined it would happen sooner than it did and in more sweeping federal fashion , rather than the slow trickle of state - by - state .
But as you get older — say 55 to 59 — you realize that 's how things work .
Look at health care reform .
Ever since Franklin Roosevelt , there have been efforts to institute some form of national health insurance .
Now , 60 years later , President Obama finally succeeded .
Sometimes , it takes decades for the steady plodding of logic and determined supporters to get the right thing done .
Ending the prohibition on marijuana is about taking it out of the dark of criminal activity and profit and bringing it into the light of the nation 's daily commerce .
It 's just so logical .
If we tax marijuana , government will have much more revenue — for things such as health care .
If we regulate marijuana , it will reduce its availability to children — who can get it illegally from friends and acquaintances .
If we eliminate the penalties for possession , we can stop the unfair and costly jailing of people — whose only crime is preferring marijuana to alcohol when they relax .
If we legalize marijuana , we can make marijuana available nationwide to those who need it medically — and eliminate such farces as Wal - Mart firing a Michigan employee who failed a drug test after using marijuana prescribed by his doctor .
And if we legalize , we can help stop the drug cartel violence , which is ripping apart Mexico and spreading into the U.S. According to the Marijuana Policy Project , the largest marijuana reform organization in the U.S. , more than 18,000 people have been killed in Mexico by drug violence since 2006 .
The U.S. Justice Department reports that cartels do business in 230 American cities .
Annually , 60 percent to 70 percent of marijuana sold by cartels is sold in the U.S.
It 's an annual $ 8 billion to $ 10 billion industry for the cartels , whose violence will continue as long as they are making money .
We will never eradicate the human affection for intoxication , as was proved by the failed efforts of alcohol prohibition in the early 20th century .
But we can stop the violence and costs associated with marijuana prohibition by taking its distribution out of the hands of criminals — and stop criminalizing those who use it .
It 's the right thing to do .
If only to save Grandma and Grandpa from embarrassment .
Source : Tallahassee Democrat ( FL )
Author : Gerald Ensley
Published : March 24 , 2010
Copyright : 2010 Tallahassee Democrat
Contact : letters@tallahassee.com
URL : http://drugsense.org/url/RhXK2gfN
Website : http://www.tallahassee.com/mld/democrat/
CannabisNews -- Cannabis Archives
http://cannabisnews.com/news/list/cannabis.shtml
Last week , Microsoft posted a slew of non-security updates for Windows 7 , one of which was titled as follows : " An update is available to improve the stability and the reliability of Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2 . "
Unfortunately , according to a thread on Microsoft TechNet , the update ( KB977074 ) is actually breaking the stability and reliability of the operating system .
" I [ j ] ust installed this update and my system hangs / freeze[s ] at the windows bootup screen , " the thread starter wrote .
Another user went a little more in - depth : " At shutdown the PC often hangs with a message that a program is still running .
Forcing program end does not work .
The PC hangs for minutes until I press the PC ’s power button .
During one startup , a message came up indicating I needed to validate Windows 7 .
Therefore the PC lost the validation information .
The revalidate succeeded .
Shutdown problems consistently occur after running media center .
Also have problems with recorded TV programs .
Intermittently can't burn a recorded TV program to disc .
After this failure occurs , a subsequent shutdown produces a hang 100 % of the time . "
Microsoft regularly releases Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2 stability and reliability updates , and this one builds on those that preceded it .
The sad part is that the issues described by the users affected sound a lot worse than the issues this update is supposed to address , like keyboard malfunctions , notification icons , and screen saver problems .
Microsoft moderator Arthur Li responded in the thread and recommended that users experiencing the issue should update their BIOS and their hardware drivers , disable any antivirus program they have installed , restart their computer with a clean boot , and try installing the update again .
Nobody reported back to say whether this fixed the problem .
He also marked an official answer for the thread which simply asks users to hide the update for the time being .
Ironically , users in another Microsoft TechNet thread are complaining that they cannot install this fix ; for them the update process gets to 67 percent after the mandatory restart , fails , and then rolls back the changes .
Li makes the same suggestions in this second thread , and even goes a little more into detail with troubleshooting , but ultimately posts the following conclusion : " you 'd better wait for the next stability and reliability update . "
That 's not terribly satisfying advice for those suffering from the problems described above , so we asked the company for more information .
" We have not seen this as a major issue within our customer support channels ; however , we are aware of it and are working to identify the cause , " a Microsoft spokesperson told Ars .
" At this point , there is no indication that this specific update is the cause of the install issues .
We will share more information when it becomes available . "
While we 're not sure about the scope of the issue , we can say that none of our Windows 7 machines or those of our close friends have experienced the issue .
We would not be surprised in the slightest if Microsoft finds that the update in question , coupled with other factors , is in fact to blame .
Users in the thread have reported that uninstalling the update manually , or using System Restore to restore to a time before they installed the update , fixes the problem for them .
Like a lover 's heart , beach stones may at first seem free of imperfections .
Years of continual tumbling and scouring by surf and sand have rounded off any rough edges .
But a closer inspection reveals miniature cracks , pits and rough spots .
With a commitment of time , these almost invisible surface features can be used to entice even the largest boulder to a point of blissful equilibrium .
This precariously balanced stone , about 20 in ( 50 cm ) across and weighing approximately 40 pounds ( 19 kg ) , was one of a group of balanced rocks that the photographer was surprised to encounter late one afternoon while exploring the tide pools at Dana Point Marine Life Refuge , on the coast of Southern California .
This impromptu art gallery , created by a local lover of nature , was doomed to be only a brief affair ; within a few hours all were brought back to earth by the forces of gravity and the rising tide .
Photo taken on December 27 , 2008 .
SPIEGEL Interview with Dr. Michael de Ridder ' What Is So Bad About Dying ? '
Michael de Ridder , the head of the emergency ward at a Berlin hospital and author of a new book on dying , discusses how modern medical advances are making death more complicated for patients with little hope of living .
His book makes a plea for doctors to allow people to die with greater dignity .
Attorney Shuman has been named New England SuperLawyer in Boston Magazine for the past 11 years
At the Law Offices of Robert A. Shuman , Attorney Shuman and his colleagues are dedicated to obtaining justice for those whose lives have been damaged by the negligence of others .
This dedication is reflected in our firm 's reputation for excellence within the legal community .
We are proud to say that Attorney Shuman has been listed in New England Super Lawyers magazine for the past 11 years for his service throughout Massachusetts .
Attorney Shuman will work hard for the full financial compensation you deserve .
He works to ensure that each client receives specialized legal services and personal attention that gets results .
He will listen to you and learn from you .
He will put the full range of his talents , reputation and resources to work for you .
Contact us so we can discuss and evaluate your case .
Your initial consultation is free .
A Team Approach to Helping New England Accident and Malpractice Victims for More Than 35 Years
Injuries you suffered on a highway , in a hospital or on unsafe property demand dedicated legal representation .
Serious accidents cause innocent victims to absorb substantial financial hardships and suffer other damages .
You lose wages .
You incur medical expenses .
You experience pain and suffering .
Robert A. Shuman , our respected law firm 's founder , is a recognized authority on the subjects of medical malpractice and personal injury .
His hard work has won millions of dollars for our clients .
He is aggressive in his advocacy , but always remains sensitive to his clients ' personal needs , working with them , not just for them .
Experience , Integrity , Personal Attention — The Law Offices of Robert A. Shuman
Attorney Shuman places special focus on practice areas such as :
Medical malpractice — including birth injury , failure to diagnose cancer , pharmacy negligence and medication errors
— including birth injury , failure to diagnose cancer , pharmacy negligence and medication errors Personal injury — car accidents , truck accidents , motorcycle accidents , or accidents involving large commercial motor vehicles ; nursing home negligence ; premises liability injuries sustained on unsafe property ; dangerous or defective product claims ; construction , industrial and manufacturing accidents ; and malfunctioning heavy work equipment
— car accidents , truck accidents , motorcycle accidents , or accidents involving large commercial motor vehicles ; nursing home negligence ; premises liability injuries sustained on unsafe property ; dangerous or defective product claims ; construction , industrial and manufacturing accidents ; and malfunctioning heavy work equipment Catastrophic injuries — such as spinal cord injury , traumatic brain injury or medical conditions requiring years of expensive ongoing therapies
— such as spinal cord injury , traumatic brain injury or medical conditions requiring years of expensive ongoing therapies Wrongful death — handling survivor 's claims when personal injuries from accidents or medical malpractice prove fatal
We deliver our legal services on a contingency fee basis so that money will be the least of your worries during your recovery .
You will owe no attorney fees unless we prevail for you in negotiations or in court .
Attorney Shuman 's decades of experience , professionalism and client commitment have achieved results for his clients for more than 35 years .
Contact Attorney Shuman Today
Contact us online today or call us now .
Our phone number is 781-793-1111 .
We always respond promptly to after - hours messages .
If your physical condition prevents you from visiting us , we can come to you .
For your free initial consultation , we establish an atmosphere of comfort , candor and confidentiality .
What about the latest from Adam and Jane , the nation 's favourite couple , then ?
You know , Adam and Jane – Nick from My Family and his weird succubus lady friend – using BT 's Home Hub to facilitate their creepy relationship since 2006 .
Do n't call it a comeback , but back they have come .
In the latest instalment , Jane 's daughter Lucy talks to her real father on the phone , but the swine is always on his mobile between meetings , working at the job he hates to pay child support and the crippling alimony payments
Jane got out of the divorce settlement .
" He 's always on his mobile ! " Lucy complains .
" It 's like he just does n't want to talk to me . "
After some brilliant emotional blackmail , patron saint of passive aggression Jane convinces a possibly suicidal daddy that true love can only be expressed through a BT landline .
Later that evening , the guilt - racked father talks to Lucy ; a real conversation on a proper phone .
He 's listening to his daughter for possibly the first time ; life finally feels good again .
Suddenly , in a fit of Mean Girls sadism , Lucy blurts out , " Mum 's getting married to Adam ! "
Mummy spits out a mouthful of the £ 500 - a - bottle South African wine absent dad 's ulcer - inducing job paid for , and daddy 's face starts to resemble Munch 's The Scream .
BT 's subtext is clear .
" Put this in your iPhone , nimrod : your daughter hates you , mobiles make you infertile , and your one true love is marrying Kris Marshall .
Have you got an app for that ?
HAVE YOU ? "
In a scene we do n't see , daddy repeatedly bangs his head against the phone , quietly crying " Why ? "
That 'll teach him to use technology to keep in touch with his loved ones .
To see the ad click here
College Is n't for Everybody and It's a Scandal that We Think It Is
Mr. Reeves is the author of A Question of Character : A Life of John F. Kennedy .
His latest book is America 's Bishop : The Life and Times of Fulton J. Sheen ( Encounter , 2001 ) .
A billboard I saw recently featured the photograph of a smiling woman and under it , in large letters , the boast that she has sent nineteen young people to college .
Whether this was an advertisement for a bank or a charitable organization , the thought occurred to me , a veteran of forty years of college teaching , that the act itself , while on the surface laudable , might not have been a wise investment of time and money .
Going to college has become a national fad , a rite of passage , millions hope , into the world of hefty salaries and McMansions .
The trek to academia has now spread to the working class , who see sending their kids to college as a sign of respectability , like vacationing in Branson , Missouri , owning an SUV , and having a weed - free lawn with a gazing globe .
Minorities too are getting into the act , being wooed and financially rewarded by campus administrators to meet institutional racial quotas .
But is this crush for diplomas necessarily a good thing ?
Is it always a prudent investment , for the individual and for society , to be sending junior off to the dorm ?
Let us consider our nineteen new college students .
In the first place , how many of them have the intellect and the intellectual preparation to be serious and successful students ?
ACT scores continue to decline nationally , and Richard T. Ferguson , ACT 's chief executive , urges better high school preparation .
About four in ten last year scored well enough on the test to suggest that they could earn at least a C in a college - level math course .
On tenth grade math tests in Wisconsin recently , 76 percent of white students attained proficiency or better , compared with 40 percent of Hispanics , and 23 percent of blacks .
In Michigan , Colorado , Texas , and New York academic tests have been altered or thrown out because of low scores .
The great majority of high schools continue to require little in exchange for their diplomas .
Hundreds of thousands enter the campus gates without a clue about the intellectual challenges that are , or at least should be , awaiting them .
The impact on college and university campuses of legions of unprepared freshmen is never positive .
Millions of dollars must be spent annually in remedial education .
And the rate of failure is still extraordinarily high .
The ACT estimates that one in four fail or drop out after one year .
A third of the freshmen at the relatively select University of Wisconsin - Madison do not return for a second year .
I toiled for decades on a Wisconsin campus on which a mere 18 percent of the entering freshmen ever graduate .
The financial costs , let alone the emotional toll on the young people involved , is scandalous .
Even more important is the impact of intellectually unprepared people on the educational process itself .
Anti-intellectualism is the Great Enemy of the educator , and with a classroom full of people who do not read , study , or think , academic standards inevitably suffer .
In an article titled " The Classroom Game , " ( Academic Questions , Spring , 2001 ) , I described my own tribulations with students in an open- admissions environment .
The most well - intentioned professor cannot educate those who refuse to be educated .
All too often , such students demand that they be passed through the system and awarded a diploma , as they were in high school .
The well - documented proliferation of stuff and nonsense for academic credit in large part stems from the admission of masses of ill - prepared students .
Why take a lab science , a foreign language , or ( for real diversity ) the history of foreign countries if these courses are n't required ?
Why take classes with written examinations and term papers when most do not ?
That almost no one cares about the denigration of academic standards in higher education is also scandalous .
And what colleges and universities did our nineteen students on the billboard attend ?
Did they go where leftist indoctrination is their daily food and drink ?
Probably .
It is difficult to find alternatives these days .
When the University of California Academic Assembly recently dropped its requirement for professors to be impartial and dispassionate , it was simply acknowledging the abandonment of efforts to be objective .
A San Diego schoolteacher whose son complained about leftist bias in a class he took at the local UC campus , commented , " I 'm very concerned about the changes .
This gives much greater latitude to those professors who would use the classroom as a personal bully pulpit .
UC students and the people of California deserve better . "
So do young people and taxpayers all over the country .
In America and all across the western world , intellectuals are enthralled with the abolition of moral and intellectual standards .
In the courts and in the media , as well as the classroom , they are ramming this dogma down the throats of the vast majority .
Are our nineteen students better off for being enveloped by the very poison that is slowly killing our civilization ?
Are we by definition doing them a favor by sending them to college ?
They may earn more during their lifetimes .
But at what cost ?
Shortages in skilled labor abound .
Why not a billboard boasting that , say , eight of our nineteen young people have been sent to tech schools , have learned trades , and are currently in the work force leading productive lives and earning good wages ?
Is a machinist or a carpenter any less of a respectable American than someone who spent six years studying Mass Communications and Anthropology ?
In my judgment , we say so at our national peril .
I recently read about an auto mechanic whose high school counselor told him that he was ruining his life by opting for vocational training .
The young man is now in great demand in the job market , works extremely hard , and makes over $ 100,000 a year .
He is a happy and productive citizen .
Did he waste his life ?
Not in this old professor 's book .
This article was first published by the National Association of Scholars and is reprinted with permission .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
More Comments :
Sig Reyes - 2/13/2004
" Going to college has become a national fad , a rite of passage , millions hope , into the world of hefty salaries and McMansions .
The trek to academia has now spread to the working class , who see sending their kids to college as a sign of respectability , like vacationing in Branson , Missouri , owning an SUV , and having a weed - free lawn with a gazing globe . "
A fad , huh ?
How about seeing the pehnomenon as a necesity , given the changes in the US economy over the last decades .
Probably Mr. Reeves , upon gazing at the spectacle of working class and migrants sending their kids to ... high schools circa early 20th century , might 've written :
" Going to [ high school ] has become a national fad , a rite of passage , millions hope , into the world of [ steady incomes ] and [ out of the tenements ] .
The trek to academia has now spread to the working class , who see sending their kids to [ high school ] as a sign of respectability , like vacationing in [ upstate NY ] , owning an [ Model T ] , and having [ a roof over their heads and enough to eat ] . "
J.I.W - 12/11/2003 I , a student at a character building boarding school , am trained to listen .
and i did .
Though , I disagree .
The student who wishes to pursue a higher learning , shall pursue a higher learning .
We , like any adult , struggle with something in our learning or our life , so why is it now we are no longer ready for college .
Second , is n't college as much of a learning experiance in a life sense as it is an academic oppurtunity .
i mean you do n't expect a baby to say sentence if the child a has n't spoken his first word .
So , why throw an 18 year old who is unprepared ( as you have called us ) , out on the street with nowhere to go but down .
So i would like to question your morality for these students .
john horse - 9/12/2003 S. Little , regarding your comment that " Comparing one man ’s observations . . .of 100 years ago and of another man ’s observations today is illogical and completely irrelevant . "
I could n't disagree more .
The reason that I enjoy history is that I think that people 's observations from 100 years ago , even 1000 years ago , can be relevant to today .
" the real issue is the death of real intellectualism in higher education . "
My problem with this statement is the same one I have with Reeves .
How do you prove this if you can't quantify it ?
How do you know that " real intellectualism " has decreased , increased , or remained the same over the last 25 years .
This has got to be based on something more than personal observation .
I mentioned the educator David Berliner .
Read his book .
It debunks alot of the bogus informaion and statistics that the media has reported about education .
john horse - 9/12/2003 J. Long , shame on those counselors .
As someone who used to work in workforce development and job training programs , I am all in favor of vocational education .
One positive recent trend has been the increasing emphasis of community colleges on serving their community through voc ed ( and not just AA mills ) .
I know at the community college in my area , there has been an explosion in the number of voc ed programs offered .
What I worry about are those kids who are qualified to pursue a college degree but who can't go because it is too expensive .
I worry about the state budget cuts to colleges and universities and budget cuts to job training programs like the federal Workforce Investment Act programs .
Finally , I worry about the $ 500 billion budget hole that Bush has got us in that leaves very little money available to help college and voc ed kids .
Garry Perkins - 9/11/2003
What institution are you writing about .
I graduated from a fine upstate New York school just over three years ago .
I drank a lot , I partied a lot , and I studied a lot .
I used all of the skills aquired im my courses .
I am now a financial analyst , and my Thai history course truly prepared me for that role .
Students need to learn how to write , speak , and understand simple logic .
Some social science long with some math or CS will do that to anyone .
Students want to learn , they just want to have too .
These kids today are learning " real skills . "
The interesting question is how much one values an individual 's skill set vs. his resume .
A. Lance Couri - 9/10/2003
My career includes four years as adjunct faculty at a well know Midwestern college .
I have been frustrated by students who appeared to have no business taking up space in classrooms ; all but driving me to lower the bar of expectations just so there could be some sense of rapport among all the students .
And frankly , some simply dragged their peers down to their level .
That said , I still support the encouragement of all classes to seek a college education .
And let me tell you why : I ?graduated ?
high school with a GED .
I was a crappy student in a crappy school .
I was not expected to do more than work in an area factory performing manual labor .
Going to my local community college afforded me an opportunity to really learn , and discover my potential .
I was on the Dean ?s list my first semester , held various positions on the school paper ; including Editor - in - chief , and became prepared to excel at a four year college ( the very same one that recruited me to teach ) .
If I ?m the exception not the rule , I am grateful to be so .
John G. Fought - 9/9/2003
Perhaps 40 years of teaching -- anywhere -- is too many , at least for Reeves .
I graduated from the UW Madison in 1960 .
During that period , the rates of freshman attrition and eventual graduation were in about the same range that Reeves complains about .
It should also be noted that nobody can graduate by taking only required courses .
Students do take electives , the ones they elect .
One dimwit in my dorm , the son of a surgeon , on his way to medical school , once remarked to me and a fellow student , " Geez , if I got grades like you guys , I 'd study too . "
He showed no sign at all of intending this to be funny .
If you read any of the stirring tales of college life before WWII , or WWI , for that matter , you will find that the students of that day were generally well off , from good families , and did n't give a damn what happened in class .
This is the era that gave life to the " Gentleman's C. "
They too were engaged in job certification .
What is secretly but rather evidently bothering Reeves seems to be that his students have not displayed sufficient devotion his vision , and that many of them seem to him to be too vulgar to deserve a college education .
I doubt that his perception is worth much .
Like many a jaded academic , he 's too , too good for us .
What a shame .
Time to retire .
S. Little - 9/9/2003
You have n’t presented any sort of reliable , logical proof that the American higher educational system is valued outside of the United States .
I know from personal experience many foreign students over the years and the reasons for attending American universities was always one of the two I described earlier , not because they respected the American Universities .
In fact they always went out of their way to talk about how the Universities in their own countries were superior .
I am willing to bet my personal experience is typical .
Anyway , whether or not this is true is irrelevant , because my point is that the number of foreign students enrolled does n’t prove anything about the perceived quality of American universities since education is not the number one priority for these students when attending an American university .
American Higher education is an assembly line that produces a product ( education / indoctrination ) that will meet acceptable tolerance levels always falling within the set control limits .
Unfortunately , much of what they teach in the colleges is a bunch of convoluted garbage that defies common sense , bearing no practical real world value .
Andrew A. Poe - 9/7/2003 >
The author , I do n't believe , means to imply it is wrong for
> middle class children or minorities to enter college .
Rather ,
> it is those groups in which the drive is so strong that even
> those who are not college material are being pushed toward
> college .
I appreciate that you are trying to give the author a fair hearing , but I believe the charge of racism and classism against him is probably correct .
In fact , I suspect the drive for college is far stronger in upper -class and middle - class white households than it presently is in working class , African - American , Native American , and Latino households .
In my very middle - class " salt shaker " high school , college enrollment following high school exceed 90 % , I believe , and in a class of nearly 250 students , only one student dropped out of high school .
The idea of not attending college would have been unthinkable to anyone in my circle ; the big question for us concerned " which " rather than " whether . "
When I entered college , I became acquainted with a number of students ( upper- class and white ) for whom the question of " which " was also moot .
Family tradition ( and presumably connections ) pressured them to enter the college of their parents and grandparents .
Were all of these people " college material ? "
In fact , many of them had high school records which fell below the stated admission requirements .
However , many of these students ended up proving themselves anyway , and I do believe they did exactly that -- proved themselves fairly and honestly through hard work rather than through pursestrings .
I say good for them , and is n't it wonderful that they had the opportunity to do that ?
I suspect as well that those minority groups who presently have a drive for college have gained from such a drive .
The proportion of Jewish students in top colleges exceeds their representation in the United States in general , prompting bitter and unfounded comments from some about a " Jewish conspiracy " controlling the country .
The success of Asian students in college changed the national stereotype of Asians almost overnight from " the guy who does your laundry " to " your boss . "
Would Jewish and Asian families have done better if they had followed the author 's advice and steered all but their most promising children away from college ?
College may not be for everybody , true , and there are lucrative opportunities for individuals without college degrees , also true , but considering that there are greater opportunities for those with college degrees , why specifically must it be working - class and minority families who ought to rethink their decisions to send their children to college ?
I also wish to give the author a fair hearing , but , possibly unintentionally , this piece certainly gives me the impression that the author believes that certain groups of people ought to " know their place " rather than achieve their potential , even while other , more privileged , groups are allowed and encouraged to achieve their potential , even if it takes several attempts , and lots of money , to do so .
J. Bartlett - 9/6/2003
" Just because the foreign students are equal to their American counterparts speaks nothing to the value of American higher education . "
Correct , it was intended to speak to Little 's first comment which also did not address " the value of American higher education " but which did imply that foreigners , more than natives , might have unusually uneducational motives for attending colleges in the USA .
My original observation remains unaddressed by these piddling digressions : non-Americans flocking to colleges here in much greater numbers than Americans in universities abroad reflects the internationally recognized relatively high quality of American higher education generally .
Of course , there is a wide range around the average .
If Reeves ( and Little , apparently , based on his terse but copious comments ) had the bad luck to land towards the lower end of the quality spectrum , that is their misfortune , but one might wonder why they did n't move elsewhere rather than seek solace in wholesale condemnations .
Jonathan Dresner - 9/6/2003
Thanks for the reference : I remembered that he 'd written on education before , but forgotten the article and the responses .
But I 'd like to suggest that even hopeless cynics like Dr. Reeves might have a point or two worth considering .
The nature of college education has changed over the last few decades , and the range of college experiences has widened dramatically with the expansion of community colleges and state colleges , with the increase and expansion in pre-professional majors like marketing and communications and coaching and accounting and .... well you get the idea .
With the expansion has come a wider range of student preparation for the intellectually challenging side of college , as well as a wider range of levels of motivation as more and more students consider non-professional courses as little more than filler , hoops to jump through on the way to the diploma .
This is a challenging environment in which to teach , though the ( non- financial ) rewards are substantial .
But , as I 've said before in response to Reeves , our job as teachers is not to pre-select our students but to educate them , starting from whatever level of preparation and interest they have and drawing them in .
S. Little - 9/5/2003
Just because the foreign students are equal to their American counterparts speaks nothing to the value of American higher education .
S. Little - 9/5/2003
I think you are reading into the article things that might fit your preconceptions but in reality are not there .
S. Little - 9/5/2003
The Greeks at my University had a higher overall GPA than the general student body .
J. Long - 9/5/2003
As a high school math teacher I have seen students who struggled through high school sold the dream that a college degree is the ONLY way to go .
The counselors actively discourage students from persuing vocational careers .
The sad part is when those students come back home after not being able to cut it at college .
They are not given all the options to make an informed decision .
If I were ever to suggest to a student that maybe college is not the place for him or her , I would have hell to pay .
Josh Greenland - 9/5/2003
Reeves claims that " Minorities too are getting into the act , being wooed and financially rewarded by campus administrators to meet institutional racial quotas . "
Are racial quotas still being used ?
I thought those were mostly killed by federal legislation passed during the Bush Sr administration .
Anyway , this crack from Reeves furthers the notion that " minorities " ( and I 'm assuming he means black and non-white hispanic people ) would n't be in college at all unless they were somehow forgiven their natural incompetence .
Reeves notwithstanding , " minorities " of all kinds of have always been in US colleges , if not always in large numbers .
Reeves sneers , " The trek to academia has now spread to the working class , who see sending their kids to college as a sign of respectability , like vacationing in Branson , Missouri , owning an SUV , and having a weed - free lawn with a gazing globe . "
Reeves is so hateful that he has to lie : NO ONE considers a trip to Branson , MO , the center of country music shows , hillybilly humor acts and overaged Vegas stars , to be a sign of " respectability , " and SUVs are a middleclass hungup .
As another poster pointed out , Reeves seems unaware of the disappearance of blue collar jobs recently and the lower real wages for those jobs that remain .
Generally his thinking seems stuck in the past , perhaps in the 1950s or 1960s when there was an influx to college of the groups he mentions , and when there was still good money to be made in blue collar work .
Reeves ' handle on reality is strained to say the least , and I do n't know if he is deluded or cynical in making his dubious claims .
I encourage everyone to read his earlier article that he has a link to in his essay above :
http://hnn.us/articles/1019.html
and read the comments from his colleagues and a student of his .
You wo n't be able to truly appreciate the current essay until you do .
cassandra - 9/5/2003
I think Reeves has you in his cross -hairs .
Taking your post as an indication , I doubt you have the old - school connections or the endowment levers that pull the kids of the wealthy through college regardless of their academic standings .
To carry reeves ' argument through to its logical conclusion , working class and minority kids need not bother to apply , because destined by nature to fail .
Face it , the kids of the wealthy are always going to survive , or else the universities will feel political heat from friends of their parents , and a decline in endowment gifts .
Do n't believe that ?
Look around you at those fraternity rats , and how many of them fail .
J. Bartlett - 9/5/2003
I was not trying to claim that students ( foreign and domestic ) do n't have non-educational motives for attending American colleges but that the multi-tiered competitive structure of American higher education sorts out the sheep from the goats ( and better than any Texas - government mandated standardized testing system , by the way ) .
In my experience , the foreign students attending the Ivy League and large public colleges I have been associated with , or am familiar with , are at least equal to their American counterparts in general aptitude and potential and far above them in non-native language skills .
America 's universities are the envy of the world , Reeves ' disgruntlement notwithstanding .
It is our primary and secondary schools that are the international disaster area .
S. Little - 9/4/2003 Alvin ,
If you are currently in college , quit .
There is nothing they will be able to teach you .
Once again you make the most sense of anyone here .
You should speak your mind often wherever you go because people could learn a lot form you .
S. Little - 9/4/2003 Impressive analysis .
Too bad the educators can’t figure this out .
S. Little - 9/4/2003
Comparing one man ’s observations on the educational system of 100 years ago and of another man ’s observations today is illogical and completely irrelevant .
However , you make a good point on the ACT scores .
But the ACT is not the heart of the issue since the real issue is the death of real intellectualism in higher education .
S. Little - 9/4/2003
I ca n’t speak for the incentive of the institutions , but from what I have seen there is a complete lack of intellectual interest in the general student population .
Most students want the paper diploma and the good times .
Society would be better served if these people were taught real skills .
S. Little - 9/4/2003
Students from all over the world come to American universities for two main reasons , both of which do not have to do with the educational value of our universities .
They come here either to simply to see the American experience for themselves or they use the educational system to facilitate a more permanent residence in the USA .
S. Little - 9/4/2003 John ,
I do n’t think the author ever said that educational opportunities should be denied to the children of working class people , minorities , etc …
Therefore , I do n’t see where you disagree with the author .
Alvin Brinson - 9/4/2003
I 'm not sure about the author of the article himself , but my impression is far from racist , and I do n't believe it is classist .
I 'm not a minority , but neither am I middle class .
I grew up in a rural area in a house that was so bad that there were times that the floor fell through from beneath our feet .
There were times when the only reason we had enough food to eat was because we worked the land to make it produce for us - we could not have bought enough at the money we had in our home .
The author , I do n't believe , means to imply it is wrong for middle class children or minorities to enter college .
Rather , it is those groups in which the drive is so strong that even those who are not college material are being pushed toward college .
Regardless of race or social class , everyone should have an equal right to an education - that I do not believe is , or should be , the debate here .
Rather , the debate centers on the necessity of college for some of these people ( regardless of class or race ) .
And the truth is , there are many now showing up on the doorsteps of universities only because their parents want them there , society tells them they must go there , and it is the " thing to do " to be respectable , when they have no preparation or ability to benefit by the education being offered .
If it is simply a matter of preparation - great .
Go to community college first .
It 's what I did .
Some studies say that students who begin at community college are less likely to gain a 4 - year degree ultimately .
However , others show that of those who * do * later transfer to university studies after a completed 2 - year program , more of them complete their university studies , as a percentage , than those that started at the university !
Without the actual numbers at hand , it 's hard to judge exactly what 's going on there .
But I 'm willing to bet that fewer people would ever have a crack at university life without the opportunity of community college first , and it is obviously beneficial * to those who complete it * .
With this route to higher education available to all , I simply do not see how it is racist or classist to say that those who are not prepared , able , or willing , should not be wasting space in classrooms with those who are .
Anybody can who is able and willing can become prepared through various venues .
And we do n't , last I checked , turn down anyone to any university in this country because of their minority status ( in fact , in many places it is a bonus , whether rightly or wrongly is for another debate ) .
cassandra - 9/4/2003
" The trek to academia has now spread to the working class , who see sending their kids to college as a sign of respectability , like vacationing in Branson , Missouri , owning an SUV , and having a weed - free lawn with a gazing globe .
Minorities too are getting into the act ... "
One wonders when all this trekking of working class kids to college began , since I seem to recall Henry 8 established a college to handle the press of students whose parents pushed them into college .
As for minorities , pershaps there were none when reeves went through ....
Alvin Brinson - 9/3/2003
One would hope , actually that this is the route they took .
Anytime I people complain that college is n't affordable , or they do n't qualify , I feel compelled to point out two realities :
1 ) If you can't afford community college , then there is financial aid .
At least in Texas , community colleges are dirt cheap for the return you get on your investment .
If you can't afford the tuition and books at San Jacinto Community College , in Houston , TX , then you * definitely * qualify for a pell grant which will pay for 100 % of your costs , and you 'll have money left over .
If you have parents who cannot or will not pay your tuition , or the overage because you 're considered " dependent " , then do like I did ... take some community college classes and wait till you 're 24 or 25 ( not sure which ) and qualify as independent .
Save .
Go broke your first year , take out lots of loans .
Your second year , magically your income will drop ( because you were going to college instead of working ) and you 'll magically qualify for financial aid .
Unless you 've failed a lot of classes you * will * qualify at any state level institution I 've ever heard of to get at least some kind of loans .
I have enough to pay 100 % of my bills so I do n't have to work and can concentrate on my studies .
Ca n't afford it is no excuse .
My mother is 55 , in bad health , grooms dogs 3 days a week and goes to college 3 days a week .
She can't afford the basic heart medication she 's been prescribed , and she can't get a job that pays anymore than she makes grooming 3 days a week .
She can afford college , thanks to financial aid .
When she finishes , she 'll have something she did n't have before .
2 ) " My grades are n't good enough to get into college " .
This is fear talking .
The truth is , partly because of the upward push , and partly due to availability of community college as a " transfer path " into the higher level universities , nobody 's grades are too bad to get into college .
Seriously .
So what you can't get into Yale , Harvard , or even UH .
Go to a community college .
Guess what ?
Transfer student admissions requirements to bachelor 's programs are * much * easier to meet than entering freshmen at most colleges .
University of Houston only requires a 2.0 GPA for transfer students with over 45 hours from a 2 - year institution .
And high school ?
Your teachers did you no favors if they used that line about getting good grades to get into college on you .
It was a tactic to try to make you work harder , but leads to many believing they can't go to college .
Fact is , they do n't really matter unless you absolutely must get into the " best " school right off the bat .
I dropped out of high school .
Got a GED .
And now I 'm almost finished wrapping up my bachelor 's degree and assured admission into the graduate program at my university .
So , to try to be briefer than my previous post on this subject .
The original article resonates with me , as does Lloyd 's response .
The fact that college is accessible is good - and more people need to know how accessible it is .
The fact that so many people are pushed to go to college when they will not do well there , or do not need such an education ( and often do not enjoy it , seeing it as a sentence to be served to get the proverbial " good job " ) , is not good .
It should be a willing choice , not a requirement .
Garry_Perkins - 9/3/2003 Alvin ,
I wish everyone in America read both the article and your response .
I have seen the future of education creep in America .
It is in Asia .
There are countries , such as Taiwan , where even the most mundane positions ( think bank teller ) require a BA .
Even worse , a typical entry - level post college job almost always requires an MA or PhD , usually from an American university .
It is typical for Taiwanese equivalents of our college graduates to study into their thirties before obtaining their first job .
Even worse , immigrants from countries such as Taiwan are bringing their habits with them .
One need only look at the explosion of cram schools in the US to see this trend .
Students not only need to go to college , they need to go to an Ivy .
They need to spend thousands of dollars at Princeton Review .
This must stop .
Lloyd Drako - 9/3/2003
One can aspire to worse things than a vacation in Branson or an SUV .
My guess is that most of the 19 went to a local community college where they received a sound freshman - and / or sophomore - level grounding in liberal arts , science or some vocational area , at a fraction of the cost they or their folks would have paid at Prestige U .
Alvin Brinson - 9/3/2003
The difference between now and then concerns not the availability of education to the " masses " but the expectation that everyone must take part in it solely because it is available .
A middle - class or lower - class family , in the past , was rightfully proud to have a college graduate - they knew a college degree was the result of an intense commitment on the students ' part to get through a rigorous academic program , and it meant something .
As Mr. Reeves has pointed out in this article , now many feel that degree is something they are entitled to .
The feeling is that if you pay your money , you should get your degree .
And if you pay your money to a more prestigious institution , you should get a more prestigious degree .
This is not , however , entirely the fault of the middle class parents and students who are in college mania .
This is , in large part , due to a workforce environment where employers cannot trust a high school diploma to be worth the paper it is written on .
Therefore , jobs that require basic literacy , often must require at least 2 years of a college education now , whereas in the past , a high school education sufficed .
The upward push in educational requirements does not stop there .
Because of increasing numbers of graduates and " partially " college educated workers available in all jobs , employers can be more demanding on job requirements , often disqualifying otherwise qualified candidates .
Until this upward push is halted , the pressure on universities to award college degrees based on attendence rather than merit will continue .
The answer , in my opinion , lies in two places .
First , in high schools .
Not to demand stricter testing , more rigorous academics , more hours , or anything else .
Simply to demand that if a student does earn a diploma , that the student possesses the basic education necessary to function in the working world .
We must resist the desire currently present in public education to award degrees based on the " A for Effort " idea .
We must , as a society , face up to the fact that if a student does not succeed in high school , regardless of the effort put forth , that the student did not earn a degree .
I do not speak this from a high horse of elitism .
I did well in many subjects in school , but Algebra was not one of them .
I ended up dropping out of high school after three years because I had repeated 9th grade algebra for the third time .
I was too intelligent to go on the " special " programs that would have allowed me to graduate without those requirements , but was not able to earn the math credits I needed .
Looking at my senior year , still needing to earn 2 math credits in 1 year ( not possible ) I simply dropped out .
Sad dropout statistic ?
To some , yes .
But I do n't begrudge anyone my failure or their success .
I did n't earn a degree , and I did n't get one .
What I did after that was purely up to me ( I got a GED and went to community college ) .
As it turned out , once I finally conquered my problems with math , I 've been an excellent college student , and a member of a national honor society .
The fact is , some people can , and some people can't .
Employers have to have some way to know the difference .
Right now , a college degree is how they tell the difference .
That sadly leaves a " middle class of education " in the lurch , however .
Those that truly were good enough to earn a high school degree , and do possess basic literacy and math skills , but are not college material .
They find themselves facing a job market that looks at their high school degree as worthless , and lumps them with those to whom the degree was merely given for attendence .
We must face that a portion of public school students should not earn a high school degree .
This allows those that do to be recognized for their efforts , and those that can go on to college to do so without the pressure to do so simply to prove their basic literacy .
This is contrary to the current political situation which implies that any child that is not ahead of his or her grade level has been " left behind " and that is a failure .
Perhaps these ideas come from the same people whose math is weak enough to allow them to believe that everyone can be " above average " .
Second , employers must be realistic in their job requirements .
Managing a Taco Bell does not require a college degree , I 'm sorry .
It requires the ability to read numbers and do basic math .
Other than that , it is about people skills and hard work .
Selling furniture , or a car , also , does not require a college degree .
Stop requiring insane levels of education for basic jobs .
You 'll find ( if the public education system kicks in and does its part ) that those with a proper high school education can add 2+2 just as well as a college graduate .
Then , perhaps , college can return to being something for those who want more than a basic education - for those whose love of knowledge or technical or scientific interests leads them beyond what they could otherwise have achieved into the realms of truly " higher " education .
john horse - 9/2/2003
The first question I had after reading this article was why was it on a history website .
It contains very little history .
The complaint that our students are unprepared goes back at least 100 years .
It includes critics like Admiral Rickover and the Nation at Risk report .
What all these critics have in common is that it is always the next generation that is unprepared .
In any case Reeve 's analysis includes none of this historical background .
Regarding Reeve 's assertion that " ACT scores continue to decline nationally " , I looked up the national ACT scores and here is what I found : 1993- 20.7 , 1994-20.8 , 1995-20.8 , 1996-20.9 , 1997-21.0 , 1998-21.0 , 1999-21.0 , 2000 -21.0 , 2001-21.0 , 2002-20.8 , 2003-20.8 .
These statistics hardly point to the picture of national decline that Mr. Reeve 's paints .
Conservatives , some liberals , and the media have for years depicted our K - 12 system as failing , but if you look at the facts they do a pretty good job under rather adverse conditions .
For example , even though SAT scores have declined , if you look at the SAT scores by race you 'll find that they have increased for every single race ( Asian - Americans , African - Americans , Hispanics , Caucasians ) .
The reason they have declined is that more minorities have taken the SAT .
( Read David Berliner 's The Manufacture Crisis : Myths , Fraud , and the Attack On America 's Public Schools ) .
Even though the view that our educational system is a failure is more popular among conservatives , let me remind them that if today 's students are not prepared , then the educational reforms initiated by such people as Bush in Texas and President Reagan were also failures .
Jonathan Dresner - 9/2/2003
I do n't think I 've ever seen such a complete display of anti-intellectualism in the form of codgerism .
Not only are bad students ruining colleges ( it ai n't what it used to be ) , but bad academics are ruining good ( and bad ? hard to tell ) students ( it ai n't what it used to be ) : nothing to do but raze the whole thing and start over .
And his comments about the decline of standards and the weakening of academic requirements are way off base at every institution I 've seen , where there are concerted efforts by both faculty and administrations , often driven by accrediting agencies , to raise standards ( and students like high standards , according to the research we 've been presented ) and to make requirements broad and meaningful .
J. Bartlett - 9/1/2003
Awhile back , ( ex ? ) Professor Reeves had a lively , if contested , piece here discussing the unpreparedness of college students .
A logical follow - up might have been how to fix our broken high schools .
Instead , here is this article about why we should shut down colleges .
It may be music to the ear of anti-intellectuals to hear academia damned as the " poison that is slowly killing our civilization " , but , in reality , students from all around the world flock to American colleges , and not just for orgiastic parties or to pad the resume upon returning to Lower Slobovia .
The most highly reputed universities are not organs of the " leftist state " , but are profitable , privately funded , independent enterprises .
This , to rephrase character Gordon Gekko's speech in the film , " Wall Street " , is because " education works " .
By the way , the linked article in Beth Quitslund 's comment is hilarious .
Beth Quitslund - 9/1/2003
I suspect that most university teachers , even at elite institutions , have had bilious moments resembling Mr. Reeves ' .
And I agree that it is ridiculous to stigmatize the technical and vocational training that will equip students to do jobs that our society needs done , let alone those important jobs themselves -- a competent auto mechanic can probably more directly and immediately improve more lives than a competent anthropologist can .
But it would also be nice to know that all or at least most auto mechanics and anthropologists had the kind of education that would allow them to make reasonably informed decisions about , say , political rhetoric , popular health claims , and statistical information in general .
This is , unfortunately , more than many of my students , graduating from a tier - 2 research university , can do now , but it would be a mistake to say that they therefore should not have gone to college .
They should have had a better primary education that would have enabled them to absorb a better secondary education that would have brought them to me ready to begin ( or continue ) thinking independently and even skeptically about what I present to them .
Or maybe it just would have made them good citizens who could train for a respectable technical profession .
Such citizens might even vote to raise and allocate public resources for the kind of education on which sound democracy depends .
In the meantime , college professors have , I think , an obligation to give the students we have the best we can FOR THEM , which may in some cases amount to little more than a concerted asault on the anti-intellectualism that Mr. Reeves rightly notes and some indication of how to really learn later on , when they 're ready .
An excellent if strident related article on the social and economic implications of the American university system appears in this month 's issue of Academe ( the AAUP publication , available online at http://www.aaup.org/publications/Academe/03ja/03jamany.htm).
It also , of course , represents the insidious poison of leftism that Mr. Reeves deplores , but is a humane look at what " college " means for the majority of American students .
This is a list of the Nadsat words and other fictional terms found in the book by Anthony Burgess , A Clockwork Orange , along with their meanings in English and their lexical origins .
The Nadsat slang word is shown with its closest English meaning or meanings .
Its Russian origin is shown in Cyrillic , with an approximate transliteration , if pronounced ( very ) differently from the Nadsat .
The translation of the Russian word is also shown if it differs from the English meaning .
Words of uncertain origin are marked with a '?' , and words which are modified English slang ( not of foreign origin ) are marked with a ' - ' .
Table of Contents : A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Team India Jersey Sale
All Team India jerseys come with a commemorative puck from our Guinness World Record event , Hockey Goes Higher through December .
These collectible jerseys make great gifts and support our mission to change lives via hockey !
Building Mathematics : The Maker Faire in Pictures
[ Update 18/3/10 The student from my Communicating Maths course who helped out with the stall over the weekend has put his story up on the course ’s blog : Maths Students Read the Newspaper . ]
Last weekend I had a lot of ( exhausting ) fun at the Maker Faire in Newcastle .
It was a wonderful event so many congratulations to the Centre for Life for laying it on .
I was of course there attempting to corrupt people into mathematics , and we had almost more interest than we could handle .
Many thanks to both the LMS and the University of Leicester Maths department for their support .
It was also a chance to build Sculpture 2 with Sculpture System No. 5 .
It will be heading soon to the lair of the JamJar collective somewhere in Leeds :
Enjoy the photos :
The ultimate school run : Children ride 40 mph ZIP WIRE a quarter of a mile high to get to classes each day
More than 1,300ft above the roaring Rio Negro in Colombia , nine - year - old Daisy Mora prepares to throw herself over the abyss .
Attaching herself to an old and rusted pulley system she drops over the edge before plummeting at 40 mph along a zip wire to the opposite bank half a mile away - a vertigo - inducing journey she has to take every day to get to school .
Hair - raising commute : Villagers hook themselves to steel wires and slide half a mile at 40 mph to get to the nearest town
For the handful of families living in the area , 40 miles southeast of the capital Bogota , the 12 steel cables that connect one side of the valley to the other are their only access to the outside world .
German explorer Alexander von Humboldt was the first Westerner to observe the unusual rope system in 1804 .
They were traditionally made of hemp , but steels cables were installed with the advent of logging in the surrounding rainforest .
When this was made illegal settlers turned their hand to farming and cattle raising .
Today , the cables are still the only transport available to those living in the area .
School run : Nine - year - old Daisy Mora makes the trip every day to get to lessons , with her five - year - old brother riding in a cloth bag
Farmers use them to transport goods to and from the closest town and , for children like Daisy and her five - year - old brother Jamid , it is how they get to school .
Jamid is too young to safely ride the wire on his own , so she has to carry him with her in a jute bag , controlling their speed with a wooden fork .
Photographer and author Christoph Otto , who took these amazing pictures , suspended himself above the valley on one of the cables to capture people making the remarkable journey .
THE 1953 Tangiwai rail disaster continues to revisit us .
A Christmas Eve lahar , a bridge swept away ; a chilling , harrowing end for 151 souls on board the Overnight Express .
One was the fiancee of a man who sat at the Basin Reserve yesterday watching the first test against Australia .
Bob Blair was 21 when he learnt he'd lost the love of his life .
He was in a Johannesburg hotel room at the time , just hours away from opening the bowling for New Zealand in the second test at Ellis Park .
His story of tragedy and courage remains one of the defining chapters of New Zealand sport .
There was no international telephone connection in South Africa at the time of the disaster ; the most expedient method of communication was by telegram .
Overseas air travel was a thing of the future , and the boat trip took 28 days .
Blair was overcome with grief and wanted to go home , but there was no point .
He could n't even get back within a month , let alone in time for the funeral .
The former New Zealand fast bowler , now living in Cheshire , England , was visiting his homeland this week with wife Barbara as the story of his defiant stand , in combination with the other hero of the day , Bert Sutcliffe , began taking on another dimension .
Jonny Brugh 's theatre production , The Second Test , has started playing in Wellington , a book authored by Norman Harris is soon to be launched , and TVNZ has commissioned a movie that follows the saga .
It is , as the late and fondly - remembered cricket writer Dick Brittenden once wrote , a story that every New Zealand child should learn at their parents ' knee .
Blair was left grieving at the hotel as the New Zealanders arrived at the ground for the start of the second day 's play .
It was a sweltering hot Boxing Day and word had spread of the tragedy .
The flags of the Dominion and the Union hung limply at half - mast and a sympathetic crowd of 23,000 seemed well aware of the tourists ' plight .
Blair listened on the hotel radio as New Zealand , having finished off its hosts ' first innings , found itself on the wrong end of a near - lethal attack from South African paceman Neil Adcock .
Everyone was hit .
Sutcliffe was knocked unconscious and rushed to hospital .
Lawrie Miller left the field coughing blood , Johnny Beck was hit so hard in the groin , his box was turned inside out .
John Reid was left black and blue , Frank Mooney was peppered .
Sutcliffe collapsed twice , again at hospital but returned to the ground to resume the battle , re-entering the fray at six down .
It was at about this point that Blair had heard enough on the hotel radio .
He told the manager , Jack Kerr , that he wanted to help his mates ; that he needed to go down to the venue .
As the pair headed for Ellis Park in a taxi , Sutcliffe was cutting loose in an innings that would eventually realise an unbeaten 80 , including seven sixes .
But the dashing left - hander soon found himself running out of partners .
Mooney , Tony MacGibbon and Guy Overton departed and the players started leaving the field , believing Blair to be back at the hotel .
And then it happened .
Just as patrons rose to acclaim Sutcliffe , a figure appeared from the tunnel and started walking towards the middle .
The crowd , about to cheer and applaud , was suddenly rendered silent .
Sutcliffe went to his stricken team - mate and put an arm around his shoulders .
" C'mon son , this is no place for you .
Let 's swing the bat at the ball and get out of here . "
Brittenden wrote vividly of the effect of that scene .
Blair 's team - mates in the gallery above were weeping openly , as were the South Africans and Sutcliffe .
Blair had to wipe tears from his face before receiving his first delivery .
And then would come the roar of defiance .
Sutcliffe would hit three sixes off a Hugh Tayfield over , and take a single to bring Blair on strike .
To the delight of the crowd the Wellington paceman would swing the final ball of the over high over the midwicket boundary and into the terraces .
It would be a day Blair could never forget , but for the worst of reasons .
Christmas
Eve would always be the day he lost his sweetheart , Nerissa Love .
To make matters worse during the tour of 1953 - 54 , letters that Nerissa had written to Blair before her death would continue to arrive at the team hotel for weeks afterwards .
New Zealand would lose the second test and the series , but the character shown at Ellis Park would earn a respect beyond anything an international victory could offer .
" It is not the result of the match that will be best remembered when men come together to talk about cricket , " said the Rand Daily Mail , in an article later reproduced in Men in White .
" They will speak of a match that was as much worth watching as it was worth playing , a match the New Zealanders decided must go on .
And if the rest of the world still wonders what it is all about , the only possible answer is that , if men are going to play , they can do a lot worse than play cricket . "
Blair typified that approach .
His presence this week has reminded us that , however much the game might have changed in one man 's partial lifetime , some things have always remained the same .
Equipment may have evolved , pitch preparation might have advanced and the age of professionalism might offer the modern player far more opportunity .
But one thing has never changed :
The size of a man 's ticker has always counted the most .
rboock@xtra.co.nz
Do n’t know how I missed this Patrick Goldstein article ( 11/26/2008 ) :
If it ’s true that Clint Eastwood is hanging up his acting shoes with “ Gran Torino , ” he could n’t have offered us a nicer swan song .
Directing himself , Eastwood plays Walt Kowalski , a crusty retired assembly plant worker who , recently widowed , seems peeved at just about everyone in the world .
He ’s totally exasperated by his family ( “ There ’s nothing anyone can do that wo n’t disappoint the old man — it ’s inevitable ” says one of his sons ) and unleashes a fusillade of paint - blistering racial invective on all the Hmong immigrants and people of color who live in his dilapidated neighborhood .
I do n’t want to tell too much about the story , except to say that Eastwood manages to offer us a final reprise of his legendary Dirty Harry character and a heartfelt portrait of human redemption , all in the same film .
The script was so well crafted and understated ( and the credits went by so fast ) that after seeing the picture , I immediately called Bill Gerber , one of the film ’s producers , to find out which one of the many A - list screenwriters who must always be knocking down Eastwood ’s door had penned the story .
“ Are you sitting down ? ” Gerber asked .
He had quite a surprise .
The writer , Nick Schenk , who lives in Minnesota , had never sold a feature script in his life .
In fact , the only writing work Schenk had done was for “ BoDog Fight , ” a mixed martial arts TV show , a game show called “ Let ’s Bowl ” and some comedy sketches collected in a DVD called “ Factory Accident Sex . ”
( “ That title does n’t exactly help my career , does it ? ” Schenk jokes . )
Okay , so Schenk is a first - timer .
But wait , the story gets better :
Schenk says he wrote the script , using a pen and a pad of paper , sitting at night in a bar called Grumpy ’s in northeast Minneapolis .
It was a good release for Schenk , who was holding down a series of day jobs , driving a fruit truck and doing construction work .
“ I just scribbled away every night , ” he told me .
“ The bartender there is a friend , so sometimes I ’d ask him questions about where I was going with the story as I was writing .
When it came , the words just came .
One night , I knocked off 25 pages right there in the bar . ”
Schenk shares story credit with Dave Johannson , another Minnesota guy who ’s a good friend of Schenk ’s younger brother .
When I naively asked if Dave was also a screenwriter , Schenk laughed .
“ Not exactly , ” he said .
“ Dave sells furnaces for the gas company . ”
His co-writer is a guy who sells furnaces for a living .
But wait — the story gets even better :
Schenk managed to get the script to two younger producers , Jenette Kahn and Adam Richman , who optioned the story with their own money .
Schenk says everyone they took the script to passed .
They finally got the script to Gerber , a veteran producer and one - time Warner Bros. production chief who had worked on a number of Eastwood films .
Gerber gave the script to Eastwood , who read it and simply said , “ I ’m doing it . ”
If the script had been bought by a studio or nearly any other big star , before anyone could blink an eye , the studio would ’ve brought in a veteran writer to do a rewrite or a polish , figuring that a first - time writer could n’t possibly have the craft or sophistication to flesh out a vehicle for a star of Eastwood ’s stature .
But Eastwood operates differently .
“ He did n’t change a single word , ” said Schenk .
“ When I met him just before they were going to shoot , I had three tiny changes I wanted to make , but when I mentioned them to Clint , he said , ‘ I dunno , I kind of like the script just the way it is . ”
If this does n’t give you hope of breaking in as a screenwriter , nothing will .
Schenk is now repped at CAA — and presumably writing another spec script longhand at Grumpy ’s in Minnesota .
UPDATE : Scott who hosts the fine blog Screenwriting from Iowa , posted this in comments :
Last year I did a shoot up in Minneapolis and I stopped by Grumpy ’s bar to celebrate Nick ’s success by having a PBR .
I have a photo of the bar on my blog ( http://wp.me/paP6U-1ny)—and just so you know , it ’s not to be confused with Grumpy ’s in downtown Minneapolis .
An odd fact is that Nick wrote that script only about ten miles away from the Starbucks / Target where Diablo Cody wrote much of her Oscar - winning “ Juno ” script .
Photo of that here :
I keep telling people there are good things happening here in the Midwest .
Here ’s the aforementioned photo of Grumpy ’s — home of Gran Torino .
Comment Archive
CALGARY , Alberta ( Reuters ) - Cenovus Energy Inc CVE.TO , Canada 's newest oil sands company , will stay out of the acquisition market as it concentrates on its own holdings in northern Alberta and elsewhere , its chief executive said on Monday .
Chief Executive of Cenovus Energy Inc. Brian Ferguson gestures while speaking during the Oil Sands Summit in Calgary , Alberta , March 22 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Jack Cusano
Cenovus CEO Brian Ferguson said the company , spun off late last year from EnCana Corp ECA.TO , has 10 projects it has identified for development on its own lands , so it has no need to bulk up through deals .
“ We have such a tremendous opportunity inside our organic portfolio , ” Ferguson told the Reuters Canadian Oil Sands Summit .
“ The big thing that I ’m focusing on right now is getting a really good understanding of the resource that we have at hand and how to move that forward in terms of net present value . ”
The company expects 10 percent to 15 percent annual production increases from its Foster Creek and Christina Lake oil sands projects in northern Alberta .
Foster Creek is pumping about 105,000 barrels a day currently , making it the largest steam - driven oil sands development .
Ferguson said plans are to double that in 10 years .
The company has three packages of non-core natural gas and conventional oil assets on the auction block and is targeting proceeds of C$ 500 million ( $ 490 million ) in 2010 .
In the fourth quarter of 2009 , Cenovus produced 765 million cubic feet of natural gas , most of it as a hedge to the volumes the company uses to generate steam for oil sands projects it runs in its production and refining joint venture with U.S. oil major ConocoPhillips COP.N .
Meanwhile , the $ 3.6 billion expansion at the Wood River , Illinois , refinery , is on time and on budget , Ferguson said .
“ At the end of December it was a little over 70 percent complete , both in terms of schedule and cost , ” he said .
( $ 1= $ 1.02 Canadian )
Kaitlin Olson and Rob McElhenney will welcome their first child in August
There will be a new addition to “ the gang ” this summer – It ’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia stars Kaitlin Olson and Rob McElhenney are expecting their first child in August , the couple ’s rep tells PEOPLE exclusively .
“ Rob and I are so excited it ’s stupid , ” Olson says in a statement .
“ The last couple years have been pretty amazing for us and just when we thought things could n’t get any better , the greatest little thing in the world happened !
We ’re totally beside ourselves . ”
Get push notifications with news , features and more .
Olson , 34 , and McElhenney , 32 , married in Sept. 2008 in Malibu , Calif .
FX cult hit It ’s Always Sunny , which McElhenney created and executive produces , will return for its sixth season in September .
Olson most recently appeared in Leap Year as the best friend of Amy Adams .
Supreme Court Justices are remembered for their opinions , but they are revealed by their questions .
For many years , Sandra Day O’Connor chose to open the questioning in most cases , and thus show the lawyers — and her colleagues — which way she , as the Court ’s swing vote , was leaning .
Today , Antonin Scalia often jumps in first , signalling the intentions of the Court ’s ascendant conservative wing , and sometimes Chief Justice John G. Roberts , Jr. , makes his views , which are usually aligned with Scalia ’s , equally clear .
New Justices tend to defer to their senior colleagues , but Sonia Sotomayor , in her first year on the Court , has displayed little reluctance to test lawyers on the facts and the procedural posture of their cases ; these kinds of questions had generally been the province of Ruth Bader Ginsburg , who , at times , has not seemed entirely pleased by the newcomer ’s vigor .
Samuel A. Alito , Jr. , often says little ; Clarence Thomas never says anything .
( Thomas has not asked a question at an oral argument since 2006 . )
Stevens , asked if he regrets any recent Court decisions , says , “ There are a lot I ’m very unhappy with . ” Photograph by Steve Pyke
John Paul Stevens , who will celebrate his ninetieth birthday on April 20th , generally bides his time .
Stevens is the Court ’s senior Justice , in every respect .
He is thirteen years older than his closest colleague in age ( Ginsburg ) and has served eleven years longer than the next most experienced ( Scalia ) .
Appointed by President Gerald R. Ford , in 1975 , Stevens is the fourth - longest - serving Justice in the Court ’s history ; the record holder is the man Stevens replaced , William O. Douglas , who retired after thirty - six and a half years on the bench .
Stevens is a generation or two removed from most of his colleagues ; when Roberts served as a law clerk to William H. Rehnquist , Stevens had already been a Justice for five years .
He was the last nominee before the Reagan years , when confirmations became contested territory in the culture wars ( and he was also , not coincidentally , the last whose confirmation hearings were not broadcast live on television ) .
In some respects , Stevens comes from another world ; in a recent opinion , he noted that contemporary views on marijuana laws were “ reminiscent of the opinion that supported the nationwide ban on alcohol consumption when I was a student . ”
Ever since last fall , when it emerged that Stevens had hired only one law clerk for the next year , instead of his customary four , there has been growing speculation that he will soon retire .
Since 1994 , Stevens has been the senior Associate Justice and so has been responsible for assigning opinions when the Chief Justice is not in the majority .
He has used that power to build coalitions and has become the undisputed leader of the resistance against the conservatives on the Court .
“ For those fifteen years , John Stevens has essentially served as the Chief Justice of the Liberal Supreme Court , ” Walter Dellinger , who was the acting Solicitor General in the Clinton Administration and is a frequent advocate before the Court , says .
In Stevens ’s absence , leadership of the Court ’s liberals would fall , by seniority , to Ginsburg , but she is also elderly and has suffered from a range of health problems .
Even if President Obama appointed a like - minded replacement for Stevens , that person , while taking his seat , would not fill his role .
Stevens is an unlikely liberal icon .
When he was appointed , he told me recently , he thought of himself as a Republican and always had — “ ever since my father voted for Coolidge and Harding . ”
He declined to say whether he still does .
For many decades , there have been moderate Republicans on the Court — John M. Harlan II and Potter Stewart ( appointed by Eisenhower ) , Lewis F. Powell and Harry Blackmun ( Nixon ) , David H. Souter ( Bush I ) .
Stevens is the last of them , and his departure will mark a cultural milestone .
The moderate - Republican tradition that he came out of “ goes way back , ” Stevens said .
“ But things have changed . ”
So has Stevens .
His positions have evolved on such issues as civil rights and the death penalty , and he has led the Court ’s counteroffensive against the Bush Administration ’s treatment of the detainees at Guantánamo Bay .
And , as Stevens ’s profile has risen , and his views have moved left , so , too , has criticism of him from conservatives reached a higher pitch .
“ From the beginning of his time as a Justice , you could see Stevens ’s roots in the New Deal Court and his willingness to justify an expanding welfare state , ” Richard Epstein , a libertarian - leaning law professor at New York University , said .
“ On these issues , he ’s been consistent and consistently wrong about everything — and highly influential . ”
Still , Stevens ’s views suggest a sensibility more than a philosophy .
Many great judicial legacies have a deep theoretical foundation —
Oliver Wendell Holmes ’s skeptical pragmatism , William J. Brennan ’s aggressive liberalism , Scalia ’s insistent originalism .
Stevens ’s lack of one raises questions about the durability of his influence on the Court .
But , more than anything , his career shows how the Court has become a partisan battlefield .
In that spirit , Roberts last week denounced President Obama ’s criticism of the Court in his State of the Union address , saying that the occasion had “ degenerated to a political pep rally . ”
When Stevens leaves , the Supreme Court will be just another place where Democrats and Republicans fight .
Stevens tends to weigh in at oral argument at around the halfway point , and he does something that none of his colleagues do : he asks permission .
“ May I ask you a question ? ” or “ May I ask you this ? ”
Frequent advocates find this tic amusing and endearing , a little like the bow ties that he always wears .
“ However Justice Stevens is going to come out on an issue , he is going to do it in a way that is very friendly and avuncular and good - natured , ” Paul Clement , who was George W. Bush ’s Solicitor General from 2005 to 2008 , says .
“ He ’ll say something like ‘ This is probably obvious , but I have this one question .
Could you help me with this one point ? ’
An experienced advocate knows that you have to be on your guard , because he ’s probably found the one issue that puts your case on the line . ”
Jeffrey Fisher , who clerked for Stevens in the 1998 - 99 term and is now a professor at Stanford , says , “ The reason he very rarely speaks first is that he really listens to his colleagues and tries to figure out what is on their minds and tries to figure out what the swing votes care about in the case . ”
On September 9th last year , Stevens engaged in a classic version of advocacy - by - interrogation during the argument of Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission .
The Court was hearing the case before the first Monday in October , the traditional start of its year — an indication of how important some of the Justices thought it was .
In 2008 , Citizens United , a right - leaning nonprofit organization , had used some corporate contributions , along with money from individuals , to produce and promote a documentary critical of Hillary Clinton .
( “ She is steeped in controversy , steeped in sleaze , ” the narrator says . )
The group planned a video - on - demand broadcast on the eve of several Democratic primaries .
But the Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act of 2002 ( also known as McCain - Feingold , after its two chief sponsors ) forbids political advertisements paid for by corporations in the weeks before a primary .
Citizens United challenged the law , asserting that its right to freedom of speech was violated .
The Court had first heard arguments in the case in March , 2009 , and the questions raised then were mostly narrow ones — whether McCain - Feingold pertained to video - on - demand technology , for example .
Months passed without a decision .
But , in June , the Court issued an unsigned order asking for the case to be reargued on new terms .
Such an order , which requires a majority , had never been issued since Roberts became Chief Justice , in 2005 , and only rarely in earlier years .
The Court now told the lawyers to address much broader issues about the relationship of corporations to the First Amendment .
Specifically , it asked whether two decisions , from 1990 and 2003 , which upheld restrictions on corporate speech , should be overturned .
For a century , Congress and the Supreme Court had been restricting the participation of corporations , and individuals , in elections , mostly through limits on campaign contributions .
The Court had come to see campaign spending as a form of speech , but one that clearly could be regulated , especially if the speaker was a business .
The notion that corporations did not have the same free - speech rights as human beings had been practically a given of constitutional law for decades , and the 1990 and 2003 decisions ( both joined by Stevens ) reflected that consensus .
Now the Court seemed open to what had been radical notions — that corporations had essentially the same rights as individuals , and could spend potentially unlimited amounts of money in elections .
Stevens never uses his questions to filibuster , and his first query was simple .
“ Does the First Amendment permit any distinction between corporate speakers and individual speakers ? ” he asked Theodore B. Olson , the lawyer for Citizens United and a Solicitor General in the second Bush Administration .
Olson hedged , saying , “ I am not — I ’m not aware of a case that just — ”
“ I am not asking you that , ” Stevens persisted .
“ I meant in your view does it permit that distinction ? ”
Finally , Olson said , “ I would not rule that out , Justice Stevens .
I mean , there may be . ”
Stevens was trying to alert his colleagues to the extreme shift in the law the case implied .
But Roberts , Scalia , Thomas , and Alito had already made plain that they were seeking just such a change .
As has often been the case , Stevens ’s only hope appeared to be to get the vote of Anthony M. Kennedy , to make a majority with himself , Ginsburg , Stephen G. Breyer , and Sotomayor .
( So far , Sotomayor seems to be voting much like Souter , an ally of Stevens , whom she replaced . )
When Elena Kagan , the Solicitor General , rose to defend McCain - Feingold , Stevens had his chance .
Stevens asked Kagan if it would be possible for the Court to rule narrowly .
There could , for example , be an exception for nonprofits like Citizens United , or for “ ads that are financed exclusively by individuals even though they are sponsored by a corporation . ”
Kagan , grasping the lifeline that Stevens was throwing her , said , “ Yes , that ’s exactly right . ”
“ Nobody has explained why that would n’t be a proper solution , not nearly as drastic , ” Stevens went on .
“ Why is that not the wisest narrow solution of the problem before us ? ”
His strategizing was for naught .
In a decision announced on January 21st , Kennedy , joined by the four conservatives , wrote a breathtakingly broad opinion , overturning the 1990 decision and much of the 2003 decision , and establishing , for the first time , that corporations have rights to free speech comparable to those of individuals .
In the 1990 case , the Court ’s majority opinion cited “ the corrosive and distorting effects of immense aggregations of wealth that are accumulated with the help of the corporate form and that have little or no correlation to the public ’s support for the corporation ’s political ideas . ”
Kennedy ’s opinion simply asserted that “ independent expenditures , including those made by corporations , do not give rise to corruption or the appearance of corruption . ”
Stevens ’s ninety - page dissenting opinion in Citizens United ( the longest of his career ) was joined in full by Ginsburg , Breyer , and Sotomayor , and was a slashing attack on the majority , laden with sarcastic asides .
“ Under the majority ’s view , I suppose it may be a First Amendment problem that corporations are not permitted to vote , given that voting is , among other things , a form of speech , ” he wrote .
To make his displeasure clear , Stevens read his dissent from the bench .
Justices usually read pared - down versions of published opinions , but Stevens prepared a twenty - minute stem - winder .
When the moment came , however , he stumbled frequently , skipped words , and , at times , was hard to understand .
( As when he said , “ As the corp , court has long resembled . . . ” )
For the first time in public , Stevens looked his age .
Stevens charged that the way the majority had handled the case was even worse than the legal outcome .
“ There were principled , narrower paths that a Court that was serious about judicial restraint could have taken , ” he wrote .
“ Essentially , five justices were unhappy with the limited nature of the case before us , so they changed the case to give themselves an opportunity to change the law . ”
He added , referring to the Court , “ The path it has taken to reach its outcome will , I fear , do damage to this institution . ”
It suggested that , after thirty - five years on the Supreme Court , John Paul Stevens was about to walk away from a place he no longer recognized .
Several weeks later , I sat with Stevens in his sun-streaked chambers at the Court .
He had begun his day with a tennis game ( singles ) , then showered and changed into a white dress shirt , suit , and bow tie at the Court .
He wears a hearing aid , but walks at an athlete ’s loping pace and shakes hands with a punishing grip ; he keeps two well - used putters on hand to practice his short game on the office carpet .
For many years , Stevens , who grew up in Chicago , and his wife have divided their time between Washington and Fort Lauderdale , where they own a condominium .
In the nineteen - eighties , Court insiders dubbed Stevens the FedEx Justice , because he spent so much time in Florida and corresponded with his chambers by overnight mail .
Stevens still flees Washington at every opportunity , especially in the winter ( though he now communicates electronically ) .
He deals with his colleagues mostly by memorandum , occasionally by telephone , and rarely in person , except when the Court is in session .
His law clerks report that months go by without another Justice visiting his chambers .
Under Chief Justice Rehnquist , most of the Justices kept their distance from one another , and this has continued under Roberts , but Stevens in particular is , while cordial , remote .
Yet in person Stevens is as genial as he appears on the bench .
He is ever hopeful about his home - town Cubs , and a devoted player , and fan , of golf — “ though I have to confess , I miss Tiger . ”
His financial - disclosure form lists honorary memberships in four country clubs — near Chicago , near Indianapolis , near Washington , and in Florida .
But when , in our conversation , the subject turned to the contemporary Supreme Court Stevens ’s tone darkened .
I asked him if the center of gravity had moved to the right since he became a Justice .
“ There ’s no doubt , ” he said .
“ You do n’t have to ask me that .
Look at Citizens United . ”
He added , “ If it is not necessary to decide a case on a very broad constitutional ground , when other grounds are available , then does n’t that create the likelihood that people will think you ’re not following the rules ? ”
Stevens does n’t pretend that he ’s more in tune with the Court than he is .
When I asked him if there were any cases he especially regretted , he said , “ Dozens .
There are a lot I ’m very unhappy with . ”
The first two that came to mind : District of Columbia v. Heller , in which the Court , in 2008 , recognized an individual ’s right to own weapons under the Second Amendment ; and Bush v. Gore , halting the recount that the Florida Supreme Court had ordered in the 2000 Presidential race .
He was in the minority in both .
On some subjects , his own views have shifted .
Writing on affirmative action , in 1980 , he noted , “ If the National Government is to make a serious effort to define racial classes by criteria that can be administered objectively , it must study precedents such as the First Regulation to the Reich ’s Citizenship Law of November 14 , 1935 ” ; yet in 2003 he engineered the preservation of racial preferences in admissions in a case involving the University of Michigan Law School .
In 1976 , he joined his colleagues in ending a moratorium on the death penalty ; in 2008 , he wrote that executions are “ patently excessive and cruel and unusual punishment violative of the Eighth Amendment . ”
Stevens has always supported abortion rights and an expansive notion of freedom of speech .
Before I dive into the depths of this somewhat perceived as a dirty topic , I feel a disclaimer is appropriate that the text you find below is just a scientific and logical analysis of data and need not necessarily be considered as my personal opinion to influence the opinion of others .
Consider this ; a ticket - blacker secretly buys some tickets from the clerk at a movie theatre which is running a show which is hugely popular .
Mr. XYZ has some work to do and reaches the theatre late to be greeted by a long queue and slim chances of getting a ticket .
So he can either go home sad , or purchase a ticket from the blacker at a higher price .
Now compare this with Mr. ABC who has hectic work and ca n’t cook his own food , hence has to buy packaged food and somehow manages to eat them on the way to office , of course the packaged ready - to - eat food is much more expensive than normal food .
Are the 2 situations very different ?
One might argue that the ones last in the queue missed the tickets because of the blacker .
I ask : how many people miss their bus or train because they finished cooking late ?
Let ’s analyze another example .
Mr. UVW wants to get his son admitted to a high - profile reputed school , but he needs to pay a donation for the same .
This might be denying admission to some other meritorious student , but of course it ’s up to the school authorities to decide if they need meritorious students or money to maintain their profile and infrastructure .
Compare this to a posh restaurant , which sacrifices the opportunity of attracting a large number of people by offering ego - satisfaction to select few .
Just as the quality of education in the corrupt school maybe better than other schools , the quality of food and service of the posh restaurant maybe better than other restaurants .
However in neither case do the huge premiums paid justify the benefits ?
Also why is the first case considered corruption and the second case business ?
Is n’t the restaurant depriving someone who is as good a man as anyone else but has less money a chance to taste its cuisine ?
Corruption can be categorized in different ways , just two examples are reflected above , and I will come up with more examples in subsequent part (s ) .
However I once again stress that this article does not deal with whether corruption is good or evil , but only links it to business .
Share this :
Tweet
WhatsApp
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Reading AT&T's announcement that the nationwide rollout of its femtocell product -- called the Microcell 3G -- is about to begin called into sharp relief the level at which I expect to get screwed by the phone company .
About halfway through decoding the PR doublespeak , I had an epiphany .
It was if I suddenly saw the words on the page for the very first time .
I 'm so used to the phone company selling me services I do n't need at a price that 's unreasonable ( bordering on ludicrous ) that I 'd moved beyond apathy to blind acceptance .
Let 's break down the femtocell announcement , one paragraph at a time .
AT&T * today announced that AT&T 3G MicroCell plans to begin its national roll out beginning in mid April , with new markets activating in cities across the continental U.S. for the next several months .
AT&T 3G MicroCell is an innovative solution that allows residential customers to route wireless phone calls and data connections ( or sessions ) across a home broadband connection .
This solution is designed to benefit customers who live in homes that have coverage impediments that consistently interrupt wireless spectrum , such as dense wall and roof construction or unfavorable terrain .
What does all this mean ?
It 's simple .
AT&T will finally start rolling out its 3G Microcell in mid-April , with nationwide coverage coming online over the next several months .
The Microcell is a device designed solely to plug holes in AT&T 's network -- it creates a tiny 3G cellular tower for your use in your home that connects to the rest of AT&T 's network usingbroadband connection .
Also , the problems that cause your dropped calls ( coverage impediments ) are mostly your fault , not AT&T's .
AT&T 3G MicroCell is the only femtocell to support both 3G data and voice services .
Developed in conjunction with Cisco and in a public trial in select markets since September , AT&T 3G MicroCell is available for a one - time cost of $ 149.99 .
$ 150 !!!!
Wow , I have to pay $ 150 because AT&T 's shitty network only works in my bathroom ?
Should a customer who has signed a 2 year contract worth about $ 100 / month have to pay to extend AT&T 's network to cover someplace that they spend 12 + hours a day ?
That 's just insane .
Also , it seems kind of neat that the Microcell supports 3G data services , but it 's a useless feature .
Who 's going to spend money on one of these that does n't already have a $ 50 Wi-Fi access point ?
Doesnot have Wi -Fi now ?
Are there smartphones without Wi-Fi ?
If there are , I have n't used one since I ditched Windows Mobile .
Consumers manage AT&T 3G MicroCell though their online MyWireless account at www.att.com/mywireless.
Through this online management , only those phones chosen by the customer may use the MicroCell .
Customers may define up to 10 lines to have access and up to four may operate on it simultaneously .
Minutes used through the MicroCell affect only the account of the phone making the call – there is no requirement to purchase separate service for the 3G MicroCell .
Even if I 'm willing to pay $ 150 to extend AT&T 's shitty 3G network , it will only be accessible to 10 lines , and it will almost certainly be a pain in the ass to add or remove lines .
So , when my iPhone toting friends are down to play Rock Band , they too can enjoy getting 5 voice mails the moment they leave the house , each from a call that never rang inside the AT&T black hole that is my home .
There is one spot of good news here though , buried at the end of the paragraph : AT&T has decided graciously not to charge me a monthly fee for the privilege of fixing its network .
But wait , that sentence right before it , about the minutes ?
even when dialing out over my broadband connection instead of AT&T 's spendy wireless network ?
Are they fucking kidding me ?
In addition , AT&T will offer a companion rate plan option for MicroCell customers – especially customers on Family Talk plans -- who want to supplement their existing voice plans .
For $ 19.99 a month , individual or Family Talk customers can make unlimited calls through a 3G MicroCell , without using minutes in their monthly wireless voice plan .
Oh I get it now .
This is a revenue opportunity .
You know , for AT&T .
For $ 150 down , I can use my broadband connection to extend AT&T 's shitty network , but if I do n't want those calls to eat my minutes I have to pay $ 20 a month ?
This is extortion .
Consumers who select 3G MicroCell calling plans at purchase are also eligible to receive a $ 100 mail - in - rebate toward the purchase of AT&T 3G MicroCell – effectively making the device about $ 50 .
Customers who also purchase a new line of broadband service with AT&T ( DSL or U - verse 1.5 MB or higher ) are also eligible for $ 50 via mail - in - rebate– effectively making the device about $ 100 .
If a customer is eligible for both rebate options , the customer will be able to get the device for $ 0 , after mail - in rebate .
Ooh , so if I downgrade my cable broadband to 6 M bit/s DSLpromise to pay you $ 240 next year in monthly fees for the privilege of using my broadband connection to make your shitty network better , I can get a few bucks off the device ?
That sounds like a great deal guys !
Thanks a bundle AT&T !
* AT&T imposes : a Regulatory Cost Recovery Charge of up to $ 1.25 to help defray costs incurred in complying with obligations and charges imposed by State and Federal telecom regulations ; State and Federal Universal Service charges ; and surcharges for government assessments on AT&T .
These fees are not taxes or government - required charges .
( Edit : plus a whole lot more fine print )
Oh , also we 're going to charge you $ 1.25 ( probably a month ) because we can .
It 's not required , but if we put that number down toward the bottom of the bill , with all the other tax crap , most of you probably wo n't notice .
So , here 's my problem .
A femtocell is a device whose sole purpose is to help fill gaps in wireless networks .
Instead of using it as a way to turn unhappy customers into happy customers , AT&T is treating the femtocell as another way to squeeze their already victimized customer for $ 20 a month .
It even seems like a good deal , especially the first time your teenage kid blew out your minutes and landed you a $ 500 phone bill .
But , AT&T , times they 're a - changin ' .
One of those carriers who are n't sitting on an iPhone monopoly and praying that the 3G network does n't completely crumble before 4G is ready ( you have been investing in 4G , right ?
You sure as hell are n't spending anything keeping 3G awesome ) , are going to stop screwing customers by billing based on antiquated concepts like voice minutes used and text messages sent .
After all , do you buy gas based on the number of miles driven ?
Do you pay for food by the calorie ?
No .
Instead they 'll switch to a measure that actually makes sense -- billing customers based on the actual amount of data that they use .
And when that happens , your $ 15 unlimited texting plan and $ 40 pseudo - unlimited data plan will make you long for the days when shitty 3G connections in San Francisco and Manhattan were your biggest problems .
In the meantime , I 'll continue taking calls in the bathroom .
Thanks anyway , AT&T .
For several years now , the religious right has been trying to appropriate the moral authority of the Civil Rights Movement .
It ’s an audacious strategy , given that Christian conservative politics were forged in the white Southern backlash to school integration .
But it ’s had some successes , particularly in rousing black churches against the gay rights movement .
Now , the anti-abortion movement is making a push to enlist African Americans in their cause by framing abortion as a tool of eugenics and genocide .
The campaign is already having an impact .
As the New York Times reported late last month , the overwhelmingly white Georgia Right to Life has spent more than $ 20,000 erecting 80 billboards around Atlanta that proclaim , “ Black children are an endangered species . ”
The group has created a Web site , Too Many Aborted , with excellent production values , designed to portray legal abortion as a plot against the black community .
Meanwhile , according to the Times , the new documentary Maafa 21 : Black Genocide in 21st Century America , which purports to “ trace connections among slavery , Nazi - style eugenics , birth control and abortion , ” is finding an audience among black organizations nationwide .
The Times quoted Markita Eddy , a sophomore at the historically black Morris Brown College , who had turned against abortion rights after seeing the film .
As propaganda , Maafa 21 is fairly ingenious , incorporating just enough truth to provide a surface plausibility .
The word “ Maafa ” is a Swahili term to describe the period of black enslavement .
In the film , narrator Markus Lloyd argues that the Maafa “ did not end when the slaves were freed … a hidden racial agenda is keeping the Maafa alive into the 21st century . ”
That sounds true enough , though Lloyd is n’t talking about poverty , or educational disparities , or the legacy of Jim Crow — he ’s talking about family planning and abortion rights .
What follows is a highly selective , distorted history of the reproductive rights movement .
To be sure , that movement has some dark corners , and not everything in Maafa 21 , which was directed by the white Texas anti-abortion activist Mark Crutcher , is untrue .
Overall , though , it ’s an exceedingly dishonest propaganda exercise , one that aims to convince African Americans that both family planning and evolutionary theory are part of a massive conspiracy against them .
There ’s no denying that Margaret Sanger , the heroine of the American birth control movement , made alliances with eugenicists and eventually adopted some of their rhetoric ; her oeuvre is full of language that sounds shocking to modern ears .
Maafa 21 quotes from a letter in which she wrote of the need for a “ simple , cheap , safe contraceptive to be used in poverty - stricken slums , jungles , and among the most ignorant people .
I believe that now , immediately there should be national sterilization for certain dysgenic types of our population who are being encouraged to breed and would die out were the government not feeding them . ”
These words are noxious , but it ’s also important to put them in context .
As Sanger ’s biographer , the historian Ellen Chesler , has written , in the 1920s ( when Sanger ’s career took off ) , eugenics “ had become a popular craze in this country — promoted in newspapers and magazines as a kind of secular religion …
The great majority of American colleges and universities introduced formal courses in the subject , and sociologists who embraced it took on what one historian has called a ‘ priestly role . ’ ”
Both supporters and opponents of birth control deployed eugenic arguments , and there were unregenerate racists on both sides .
Debating Sanger , one Catholic bishop argued that “ the races from northern Europe , ” who he called “ the finest type of people ” needed to have at least four children per family to avoid “ extinction . ”
Maafa 21 includes ugly quotes from the eugenicist Charles Davenport , but does n’t mention that he opposed birth control .
Later , we see an image of Hitler and the words “ Natural Allies . ”
Naturally , the movie does n’t mention that , upon gaining power , Hitler , eager for more German babies , moved quickly against legal abortion and birth control clinics .
Meanwhile Sanger , for all her flaws , was no racist .
Yes , she wanted to curb the reproduction of the mentally “ unfit , ” a noxious idea .
But contrary to what Maafa 21 claims , she did n’t target African Americans — she believed that intelligence and ability varied among individuals rather than among ethnic groups .
One of her ardent supporters was W.E.B. DuBois , who echoed her eugenic ideas .
As Chesler wrote , DuBois “ condemned what he called ‘ the fallacy of numbers ’ and deemed the ‘ quality ’ of the black race more important to its survival . ”
When Sanger opened a clinic in Harlem in 1930 , it “ was endorsed by the powerful local black newspaper , the Amsterdam News , and by established political and religious leaders in Harlem , ” wrote Chesler .
Sanger was even invited to address Harlem ’s largest Baptist church .
Maafa 21 moves from distortion to outright deception in its treatment of Gunnar Myrdal , a Nobel Prize - winning economist who , with his wife , Alva Myrdal , championed family planning and pioneered Sweden ’s social democracy .
In the film , Connie Eller , who is identified only as a “ St. Louis community organizer , ” but who is actually the founder of Missouri Blacks For Life , discusses Myrdal ’s 1944 book An American Dilemma : The Negro Problem and Modern Democracy .
Myrdal , says Eller , “ believed that not only could blacks not help themselves , he felt that nobody could help them , and the only solution in his eyes was to get rid of them . ”
This is an outrageous distortion .
Myrdal was initially commissioned to undertake a large - scale study of race in America by the Carnegie Corporation , whose leaders wanted the fresh eyes of a foreigner .
He was horrified by segregation and by the conditions African Americans were forced to endure .
He concluded that racism was a “ problem in the heart of the American , ” one that pitted the American creed of freedom and equality against American reality .
An American Dilemma was an anti-racist opus ; it was cited in the Brown v. the Board of Education decision ; one of Myrdal ’s collaborators on the project was Ralph Bunche , who later worked closely with Martin Luther King Jr. in the Civil Rights Movement .
Maafa 21 quotes descriptions of the mindsets of white racists in a way that implies that they ’re Myrdal ’s own views .
It ’s an ugly trick , and a mendacious one .
There are , of course , very good reasons for minorities to be suspicious of population control .
Black people have indeed been subject to involuntary sterilization and reproductive coercion .
Maafa 21 recapitulates anti-contraception arguments made by male Black Power leaders in the 1960s and 1970s .
Indeed , African - American militants were behind some of the earliest instances of clinic violence .
As Elaine Tyler May writes in her forthcoming book , America and the The Pill ( Basic Books , April 27 , 2010 ) , one Cleveland family planning center was burned down after accusations of “ black genocide , ” while in Pittsburgh , the militant leader William “ Bouie ” Haden threatened to firebomb a clinic .
And yet African - American women have always favored family planning by wide margins .
“ Many in the Black liberation movement rejected their brother ’s charge to them to bear more children , ” wrote Dorothy Roberts in Killing the Black Body : Race , Reproduction and the Meaning of Liberty .
She quotes Toni Cade ’s 1970 essay “ The Pill : Birth Control or Liberation ? ” : “ I ’ve been made aware of the national call to Sisters to abandon birth control … to picket family - planning centers and abortion - referral groups and to raise revolutionaries , ” she wrote .
“ What plans do you have for the care of me and my child ? ”
Martin Luther King Jr. , it ’s important to point out , was a champion of family planning .
Indeed , in 1966 , King won Planned Parenthood ’s Margaret Sanger award .
His wife , Coretta Scott King , delivered his acceptance speech on his behalf .
“ There is a striking kinship between our movement and Margaret Sanger ’s early efforts , ” said King , adding :
She , like we , saw the horrifying conditions of ghetto life .
Like we , she knew that all of society is poisoned by cancerous slums .
Like we , she was a direct actionist — a nonviolent resister …
At the turn of the century she went into the slums and set up a birth control clinic , and for this deed she went to jail because she was violating an unjust law .
Yet the years have justified her actions .
She launched a movement which is obeying a higher law to preserve human life under humane conditions …
Our sure beginning in the struggle for equality by nonviolent direct action may not have been so resolute without the tradition established by Margaret Sanger and people like her .
Like others trying to turn abortion into a racial wedge issue , Crutcher , the director of Maafa 21 , points out that black women have a far higher abortion rate than white women .
He ’s right that this is a result of discrimination , though not in the way he believes .
Thanks in part to the anti-abortion movement , poor women have far inferior access to sex education and reproductive health services than middle class women do .
According to the Guttmacher Institute , 69 % of pregnancies among African - American women are unplanned , compared to 40 % for white women .
This is an injustice , because black women deserve the same control over their reproductive lives that white women enjoy .
Opponents of abortion would like to set themselves against the most callous eugenicists , but in fact the two sides have a lot in common : both see women as incapable of making their own choices , and so resort to coercion .
As an exercise , I want to write a Hello World program in C simple enough that I can disassemble it and be able to explain all of the assembly to myself .
This should be easy , right ?
This adventure assumes compilation and execution on a Linux machine .
Some familiarity with reading assembly is helpful .
Here 's our basic Hello World program :
jesstess@kid-charlemagne:~/c $ cat hello.c #include < stdio.h > int main ( ) { printf ( " Hello World
" ) ; return 0 ; }
Let 's compile it and get a bytecount :
jesstess@kid-charlemagne:~/c $ gcc -o hello hello.c jesstess@kid-charlemagne:~/c $ wc -c hello 10931 hello
Yikes !
Where are 11 Kilobytes worth of executable coming from ?
objdump -t hello gives us 79 symbol - table entries , most of which we can blame on our using the standard library .
So let 's stop using it .
We wo n't use printf so we can get rid of our include file :
jesstess@kid-charlemagne:~/c $ cat hello.c int main ( ) { char * str = " Hello World " ; return 0 ; }
Recompiling and checking the bytecount :
jesstess@kid-charlemagne:~/c $ gcc -o hello hello.c jesstess@kid-charlemagne:~/c $ wc -c hello 10892 hello
What ?
That barely changed anything !
The problem is that gcc is still using standard library startup files when linking .
Want proof ?
We 'll compile with - nostdlib , which according to the gcc man page wo n't " use the standard system libraries and startup files when linking .
Only the files you specify will be passed to the linker " .
jesstess@kid-charlemagne:~/c $ gcc - nostdlib -o hello hello.c
/usr / bin/ld : warning : cannot find entry symbol _start ; defaulting to 00000000004000e8
Well , it 's just a warning ; let 's check it anyway :
jesstess@kid-charlemagne:~/c $ wc -c hello 1329 hello
That looks pretty good !
We got our bytecount down to a much more reasonable size ( an order of magnitude smaller ! ) ...
jesstess@kid-charlemagne:~/c $ ./hello Segmentation fault
... at the expense of segfaulting when it runs .
Hrmph .
For fun , let 's get our program to be actually runnable before digging into the assembly .
So what is this _start entry symbol that appears to be required for our program to run ?
Where is it usually defined if you 're using libc ?
From the perspective of the linker , by default _start is the actual entry point to your program , not main .
It is normally defined in the crt1.o ELF relocatable .
We can verify this by linking against crt1.o and noting that _start is now found ( although we develop other problems by not having defined other necessary libc startup symbols ) :
# Compile the source files but do n't link jesstess@kid - charlemagne : ~/c $ gcc - Os -c hello .c # Now try to link jesstess@kid - charlemagne : ~/c $ ld /usr / lib / crt1. o -o hello hello . o
/usr/lib/crt1.o:
In function ` _start ': /build/ buildd/glibc-2.9/csu/../sysdeps/x86_64/elf/start.S:106 : undefined reference to `__libc_csu_fini ' /build/buildd/glibc-2.9/csu/../sysdeps/x86_64/elf/start.S:107 : undefined reference to ` __libc_csu_init ' / build / buildd/glibc-2.9/csu/../sysdeps/x86_64/elf/start.S:113 : undefined reference to `__libc_start_main '
This check conveniently also tells us where _start lives in the libc source : sysdeps / x86_64/elf/start.S for this particular machine .
This delightfully well - commented file exports the _start symbol , sets up the stack and some registers , and calls __libc_start_main .
If we look at the very bottom of csu / libc - start .c we see the call to our program 's main :
result = main ( argc , argv , __environ MAIN_AUXVEC_PARAM ) ;
and down the rabbit hole we go .
So that 's what _start is all about .
Conveniently , we can summarize what happens between _start and the call to main as " set up a bunch of stuff for libc and then call main ' , and since we do n't care about libc , let 's just export our own _start symbol that just calls main and link against that :
jesstess@kid-charlemagne:~/c $ cat stubstart .
S .globl _start _start : call main
Compiling and running with our stub _start assembly file :
jesstess@kid-charlemagne:~/c $ gcc - nostdlib stubstart .
S -o hello hello.c jesstess@kid-charlemagne:~/c $ ./hello Segmentation fault
Hurrah , our compilation problems go away !
However , we still segfault .
Why ?
Let 's compile with debugging information and take a look in gdb .
We 'll set a breakpoint at main and step through until the segfault :
jesstess@kid-charlemagne:~/c $ gcc -g - nostdlib stubstart .
S -o hello hello.c jesstess@kid-charlemagne:~/c $ gdb hello GNU gdb 6.8 - debian Copyright ( C ) 2008 Free Software Foundation , Inc. License GPLv3 + : GNU GPL version 3 or later
This is free software : you are free to change and redistribute it .
There is NO WARRANTY , to the extent permitted by law .
Type " show copying " and " show warranty " for details .
This GDB was configured as " x86_64-linux - gnu " ... ( gdb ) break main Breakpoint 1 at 0x4000 f4 : file hello.c , line 3 . ( gdb ) run Starting program : / home / jesstess / c/hello Breakpoint 1 , main ( ) at hello.c:5 5 char * str = " Hello World " ; ( gdb ) step 6 return 0 ; ( gdb ) step 7 } ( gdb ) step 0x00000000004000ed in _start ( ) ( gdb ) step Single stepping until exit from function _start , which has no line number information .
main ( ) at helloint .c:4 4 { ( gdb ) step Breakpoint 1 , main ( ) at helloint.c:5 5 char * str = " Hello World " ; ( gdb ) step 6 return 0 ; ( gdb ) step 7 } ( gdb ) step Program received signal SIGSEGV , Segmentation fault .
0x0000000000000001 in ?? ( ) ( gdb )
Wait , what ?
Why are we running through main twice ?
... It 's time to look at the assembly :
jesstess@kid-charlemagne:~/c $ objdump -d hello hello : file format elf64-x86-64
Disassembly of section . text : 00000000004000e8 < _start > : 4000e8 : e8 03 00 00 00 callq 4000 f0 4000ed : 90 nop 4000ee : 90 nop 4000ef : 90 nop 00000000004000f 0 : 4000f0 : 55 push %rbp 4000f1 : 48 89 e5 mov %rsp , %rbp 4000f4 : 48 c7 45 f8 03 01 40 movq $ 0x400103 ,- 0x8 ( %rbp ) 4000 f b : 00 4000 fc : b8 00 00 00 00 mov $ 0x0 , %eax 400101 : c9 leaveq 400102 : c3 retq
> D'oh !
Let 's save a detailed examination of the assembly for later , but in brief : when we return from the callq to main we hit some nop s and run right back into main .
Since we re-entered main without putting a return instruction pointer
on the stack as part of the standard prologue for calling a function , the second call to retq tries to pop a bogus return instruction pointer off the stack and jump to it and we bomb out .
We need an exit strategy .
Literally .
After the return from callq , push 1 , the syscall number for SYS_exit , into %eax , and because we want to say that we 're exiting cleanly , put a status of 0 , SYS_exit s only argument , into %ebx .
Then make the interrupt to drop into the kernel with int $ 0x80 .
jesstess@kid-charlemagne:~/c $ cat stubstart .
S .globl _start _start : call main movl $ 1 , % eax xorl % ebx , % ebx int $ 0x80
jesstess@kid-charlemagne:~/c $ gcc - nostdlib stubstart .
S -o hello hello.c jesstess@kid-charlemagne:~/c $ ./hello jesstess@kid-charlemagne:~/c $
Success !
It compiles , it runs , and if we step through this new version under gdb it even exits normally .
Hello from a libc - free world !
Stay tuned for Part 2 , where we 'll walk through the parts of the executable in earnest and watch what happens to it as we add complexity , in the process understanding more about x86 linking and calling conventions and the structure of an ELF binary .
~jesstess
TEDxBerkeley , April 3rd 2010
To Clarify , since there has been some confusion : TEDx ≠ TED .
TEDx ( x=independently organized events in the spirit of the flagship TED Conference , but is NOT staffed by employees / representatives of TED ) .
Many FAQs about the difference between can be answered by reading the Main TEDx Site
FAQs specific to TEDxBerkeley :
Q : Are you looking for speakers ?
A : No , we have an awesome lineup of speakers already but we may be looking for more speakers for our next event .
Stay tuned .
Q : I live in the SF Bay Area / Berkeley !
Are there any tickets left ?
A : You 're welcome to apply - but fair warning : we have a waitlist queue of over 500 applicants and are technically sold out .
Outstanding and unusual biographies may be admitted , but it will be a challenge at this point .
That said , there are a few tickets reserved ( for sponsors , etc ) , including two free tickets I am holding for Redditors .
Q : ZOMG !
How do I get a Redditor TEDx ticket ?!
A : We will be launching an Alternate Reality Game / Scavenger hunt in the San Francisco / Berkeley area on Tues , March 23rd .
To be a valid contestant , you must do the following :
1 . Have a twitter account and add @TEDxB ( instructions for the game will be announced from that account ) .
2 . Make a $ 5 ( or more ) donation to fight illiteracy in the third world through Room to Read .
Donate here ( we will verify winners of our ARG against the list of donors before formally releasing tickets )
For those who are interested - Charity Navigator considers Room to Read a Four - Star nonprofit
3 . Await instructions from @TEDxB next week Tues and be among the first two individuals to finish the announced tasks .
Your tickets will be emailed to you upon conclusion of the game .
Q : I work for major corporation [ X ] and we sponsor conferences all the time .
Is TEDx Berkeley looking for sponsorships ?
A : Indeed we are , and are holding a few tickets in reserve for the right partner .
Please message sponsors@tedxberkeley.org with " REDDIT +SPONSOR " in the subject line to make sure it gets the right attention .
Q : I 'd like to volunteer at TEDxBerkeley - what sort of opportunities are there to help ?
A : We are very blessed to be fully staffed by driven , capable volunteers ; unfortunately , we will not be able to accept any further volunteers at this time .
Sorry ! :(
Notice : I am slammed with logistics and pre-TEDx - related emails / correspondence , but I know how important it is to be responsive to questions in IAMA threads ; I will batch - respond to questions in four - hour intervals .
( Today 3/18/2010 at 18:00 PST , 22:00 PST , then tomorrow 3/19/2010 at 05:00PST , 09:00PST , 13:00PST , 17:00PST , 21:00 PST ) .
If more questions cascade in after that , I will answer them in 8 - hour intervals over this weekend and into the week .
Thanks , guys .
Reddit rocks ! :)
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement By Rajini Vaidyanathan
BBC News Magazine
It 's Budget day on Wednesday , when Alistair Darling will hold aloft the Chancellor 's famous battered briefcase .
While most of the interest is focused on its contents , why are these red ministerial boxes still around ?
In a workshop in London dozens of red cases are stacked .
This is where the famous ministerial boxes start , and end their political lives .
Some are bright red - fresh off the production line - while others are scuffed , worn , some carrying the names of the minister who once hauled them around .
The most famous of them all - the Budget box
The battered case Alistair Darling will hold up outside 11 Downing Street on Wednesday morning is the most famous ministerial red box of them all - first used by William Gladstone in the 1860s .
Almost every chancellor since has followed the tradition .
Ministerial red briefcases - or boxes , to use the official terminology - have been used for centuries to ferry confidential government documents .
They are made by the very discreet , London - based leather goods company Barrow and Gale , which rarely grants the media access to its premises .
Such is the company 's desire to maintain a low profile , its owner prefers not to disclose his surname .
According to the company 's records , the red boxes were introduced in the 19th Century by Prince Albert .
It is thought their distinctive scarlet colour is because red was a dominant colour in his family 's Saxe - Coburg - Gotha coat of arms .
Hand crafted
The design of the boxes has changed very little since .
Handmade from pine , which has been grown in a cold climate to ensures greater durability , the boxes are covered with red- stained rams ' leather .
On the odd occasion , some have even been lead lined for extra protection , says the man from Barrow and Gale .
1 . Case made of slow - grown pine , covered with rams ' leather 2 .
Title of office to which box is attached 3 .
Royal cypher / monogram
4 . Handle sufficient to carry weight of case ( 2 - 3 kg ) plus contents 5 . Lock on underside as a security measure Each box takes about three days to finish and weighs between two and three kilos .
One of the most interesting security features is that the lock is on the bottom of the case - so ministers never forget to secure them .
" They 're sturdy , they last a long time , and I would go as far as to suggest it is in all honesty the best deal the taxpayer gets from Whitehall , " says the spokesman .
The makers wo n't disclose the cost of an individual box , but information collected through a Freedom of Information request in 2007 showed between May 2002 and May 2007 , £ 57,260.05 was spent on the boxes .
But in an age of lightning - fast internet connectivity and notebook computers which can store a library 's worth of information , is n't the ministerial red box a throwback to a bygone era ?
It might seem so , but the last effort to update it foundered .
In 1997 the government mooted the idea of an electronic red box as an alternative .
David Clark , now a Labour peer , was asked by Tony Blair to come up with innovative ways of running government more efficiently .
He suggested a computerised red box , and a prototype design was made .
Resembling a conventional ministerial case , it opened to reveal a laptop screen .
Two - wheels bad
The box used fingerprint technology to ensure only the minister it was intended for could open it , and information was to be transferred through a secure government intranet .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
But it failed to take off after resistance from ministers and civil servants , and the old fashioned red box stuffed with ministerial papers persists .
There is , undeniably , a fondness for this way of doing things .
Now Shadow Leader of the House , Sir George Young MP became a fan of the red box during his spell as a minister in the last Conservative government .
But the man nick - named the Bicycling Baronet was promptly made to realise that their iconic appearance made them a target in their own right .
" I got into real trouble once for putting all my boxes on the back of a bike , " he says .
" The department was n't worried about anything that might might happen to me ... but they were very worried that somebody might just remove a red box from the back of a bike . "
FROM BBC RADIO 5 LIVE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC Radio 5 live
Yet there have , inevitably , been reports of ministers leaving their cases in packed train carriages while they went off to make a phone call .
In fact , discreet black versions are also available for those who need to work as they travel .
" You do get to like them " , says Sir George , of the classic red version .
" There is something solid , reassuring , traditional , uniquely British about a red box . "
But Lord Clark has little time for such sentimentality , believing one day the boxes , hand - crafted in a corner of south London will give way to laptops , fashioned on an assembly - line somewhere in the Far East .
" I think it would speed up communications between the government office and the minister , " he says , " and secondly it would improve security .
I think the time will come in future we will see electronic red boxes . "
Below is a selection of your comments .
According to Barrow and Gale 's website , their ' Attache Case No. 42 ' retails at £ 2700 .
One can only imagine that the bespoke versions above cost ( us ) considerably more ...
Tom , Bath
In 1978 , when I was ten , I remember seeing the then chancellor Denis Healey stride onto an Underground carriage we were on .
He heard me when I whispered loudly to my mate : " That 's Denis Healey " and gave me a hairy eye - browed wink .
My childish memory may be playing tricks , but I could have sworn he was clutching a red box .
Somehow I can't imagine Alistair Darling nipping to work on public transport tomorrow morning .
J Taylor , Fleet , UK I must admit I admire the elegant simplicity of the Box system , for putting fairly vast amounts of information to ministers , and getting the decisions back .
An electronic box might make things simpler for some , but I can guarantee that most decisions would still be made by the minister in the car on the way home .
Civil Servant , Edinburgh " Such is the company 's desire to maintain a low profile , its owner refuses to disclose his surname to the BBC . "
And clearly asking Companies House for it was too difficult ?
Like every other company in the country it 's owners and directors details are a matter of public record .
This faux secrecy may make for an interesting news article but it 's simply like any other company .
Ross , Glasgow Improve security ?
Is he joking ?
How many government laptops , memory sticks and disks have been lost over the last decade compared to a red box ?
This is one piece of tradition we should preserve , not just for security , but for tradition 's sake .
Christina , Parkstone
One hardly ever hears of red boxes being lost , but one does hear of government laptops being left in taxis and trains .
I rest my case .
John Olsson , Welshpool , Wales
Yet another useless and pointless anachronism in our tradition - obsessed country , like daylight saving , the House of Lords and the Monarchy .
For goodness sake get rid of all these laughable old jokes and let 's usher in the 21st century in the UK .
Robin , Saffron Walden
Well a laptop will need to be carried in something , so why not inside a bespoke designed red box , by none other than Barrow and Gale ?
Frank C , Liverpool
These barrow and gale boxes are gorgeous .
I wish I could order one for myself !
David Rodin , United Kingdom
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Three strikes and he was n’t out .
At the beginning of his 32 - year career as a math teacher in Queens , Francisco Olivares allegedly im pregnated and married a 16 - year - old girl he had met when she was a 13 - year - old student at his Corona junior high , IS 61 , The Post learned .
He sexually molested two 12 - year - old pupils a decade later and another student four years after that , the city Department of Education charged .
But none of it kept Olivares , 60 , from collecting his $ 94,154 salary .
He has n’t set foot in a classroom in seven years since beating criminal and disciplinary charges .
Chancellor Joel Klein keeps
Olivares in a “ rubber room , ” a district office where teachers accused of misconduct sit all day with nothing to do .
The DOE insists it ca n’t get rid of him .
“ The department ’s hands are tied by state law and union rules , ” said spokeswoman Ann Forte .
She said tenured teachers can be fired only if an arbitrator approves .
“ The department twice tried to terminate this teacher , and both times , an arbitrator decided to keep him on the payroll , ” she said .
Most of the 660 rubber - room teachers on the city payroll are awaiting disciplinary proceedings , but Klein has exiled “ a handful ” of duds like Olivares even though they have been legally cleared to return to class .
Last week ,
The Post reported that typing teacher Alan Rosenfeld , 64 , was banned from the classroom in 2001 for allegedly making lewd comments to and leering at girls at IS 347 in Queens .
Raking in $ 100,049 a year , he has spent time in a Brooklyn rubber room working on his law practice and overseeing more than $ 7 million in real - estate investments .
Olivares has an even worse record .
The Queens district attorney charged him with abusing two 12 - year - old students in school , one in December 1988 and the other a month later .
He showed one girl porn pictures and photographed her in suggestive poses with her pants down , the DA charged .
Another accused him of rubbing against her from behind .
A jury found him guilty , but his conviction was reversed on appeal on technicalities .
The DOE held an administrative trial on the charges , but a panel of arbitrators voted 2 - 1 in favor of Olivares .
They sent him back to IS 61 .
He struck again , according to Special Schools Investigator Richard Condon , who recommended firing him .
In 2002 , Condon found Olivares had backed a girl against a wall and caressed her arms while urging her not to transfer , saying , “ I ’m becoming very fond of you . ”
After a hearing , an arbitrator let Olivares off with just a warning not to stand close to students .
This time , Klein refused to return Olivares to the classroom .
The teacher sued in 2004 to have his records expunged .
It was then that DOE officials dug up accusations from 1978 that Olivares had a sexual relationship with a former IS 61 student he had met when she was 13 — and got her pregnant at 16 , according to records filed in Manhattan Supreme Court in the 2004 suit .
Olivares , then 30 , married the teen and falsified DOE forms to get her health insurance sooner , it was alleged .
DOE officials could not explain Friday why the department waited until 2003 to formally bring those sex and fraud charges .
Olivares ’ student - turned - wife , whose name is being withheld by The Post , could not be reached .
Reached in Georgia , his daughter , now 29 , said her parents “ have been estranged for so many years . ”
“ I try to keep in touch a few times a year , ” she said of her dad .
“ I wish I could say something , but I do n’t want to go behind his back .
My father can do his own defense . ”
After separating from his wife , Olivares , at age 50 , fathered a son with a 23 - year - old , records show .
The teachers union did not defend him .
“ The current system works for no one , ” United Federation of Teachers President Michael Mulgrew said , adding that the union “ has made repeated attempts to work with the administration to resolve the rubber - room issue , but the administration has preferred to grandstand rather than solve it . ”
By Matt Kaplan
The burning of fossil fuels such as coal and oil releases carbon dioxide that alters the balance of carbon isotopes naturally found in the environment -- an effect that is now being found in food , reveals a US study .
Modern methods for tracking the origins of processed foods use isotopes -- atoms of the same element that have different numbers of neutrons .
Of the most common naturally occurring isotopes of carbon - - carbon - 12 , with six neutrons , and carbon - 13 , with seven -- the heavier carbon - 13 isotope is rarer .
In many plants , 108 out of 10,000 carbon atoms are carbon - 13 .
However , in plants such as sugar cane and maize ( corn ) , which use a different type of photosynthesis , 110 out of 10,000 atoms are carbon - 13 .
Tracking these ratios is a key part of how food regulatory bodies determine if low - cost sweeteners , such as corn syrup , have been added to foods .
Because sweeteners from sugar cane and maize have a higher proportion of carbon - 13 , the carbon isotope ratio of the final product will be skewed .
As part of an undergraduate project intended to show how isotope analysis works , geochemist William Peck at Colgate University in Hamilton , New York , got his students to analyse maple syrup from different parts of the northeastern United States .
" Our intent was really just to see if isotope values varied by geography or if anyone was putting in sweeteners , " says Peck .
All of the isotope values that the class collected were much the same , but when the group compared their values to isotope values of maple syrup in papers from the late 1970s and early 1980s , they noted that there were significant differences .
Their analysis revealed that the relative amount of carbon - 13 in maple syrup seemed to have gone down since the 1970s .
This got Peck wondering if it was possible that baseline isotope ratios might be shifting because of environmental changes .
Sticky problem
To work this out , Peck and his student co-author , Stephanie Tubman , obtained maple syrup samples from producers in the states of New York and Vermont , covering the period 1970 - 2006 .
Some of these samples were not in a good condition : " When we opened one old can of syrup , it smelled like freshly mown grass .
It was disgusting .
My student had to scrape inch - thick layers of mold off the top for analysis to work out if the mold might change the isotope ratio of the syrup , " recalls Peck .
Fortunately , it did not .
The researchers analyzed 246 samples from this 36 - year time period .
They report in the Journal of Agriculture and Food Chemistry that maple syrup isotope ratios have shifted over the years .
Samples of 1970s syrup had 108.7 carbon - 13 isotopes per 10,000 carbon atoms , whereas the 2006 average was 108.5 carbon - 13 isotopes per 10,000 carbon atoms .
So syrup carbon - 13 values are approaching the average 108 value that maple trees and most plants should have , explains Peck .
The reason , he suggests , is that carbon released from the burning of oil or coal , which has very little carbon - 13 compared to that found naturally in the atmosphere , is shifting environmental carbon isotope ratios accordingly .
Atmospheric data show that isotope ratio changes correlate directly with the changes in the maple syrup isotopes over the course of the 36 years studied , Peck says .
" We 've known that atmospheric carbon isotope values were changing , but nobody was applying this to food science , " says geochemist John Valley at the University of Wisconsin - Madison .
" Clearly , food - monitoring studies need to start taking atmospheric isotope data into account . "
Sweet cheat
The findings raise the possibility that producers of foods that are monitored for carbon isotope ratios might be able to add cheap sweeteners without being caught .
Yet Peck doubts this is the case .
" The producers that could cheat have not had the necessary information do so effectively , " he says .
And the findings apply to more than just food .
Isotope analysis of human tissue is being considered in some countries to help determine where immigrants have come from .
" I think this maple syrup study demonstrates the danger of tissue testing .
If we are making serious decisions about peoples ' lives with isotope analysis , we must remember that there are numerous effects that determine the final values , " says Valley .
As for whether isotope ratios change the taste of maple syrup , for the moment , that remains a mystery .
" We had a pancake party in class at the end to celebrate the findings , " says Peck .
" Nobody was brave enough to try syrups from the 1970s . "
About this blog
Outspoken , opinionated and never lost for words , Mark is the UK 's leading film critic .
He co-presents Kermode & Mayo's Film Review on Radio 5 live , appears on the News Channel 's Film 24 and is a presenter on The Culture Show .
This twice - weekly video blog is the place where he airs his personal views on the things that most fire him up about cinema - and invites you to give your own opinions .
For the latest updates across BBC blogs ,
visit the Blogs homepage .
New !
Drum Kit Quiz
If you do n’t play the drums , it can be hard to understand what ’s going on when listening to a drum part , beyond just ‘ drum , drum , cymbal ’ !
We ’ve created a new quiz here at EasyEarTraining .com to help you get to grips with the subtleties of the kit .
The quiz takes the same form as our ‘ Intro To Ear Training ’ Quiz :
Ten multiple - choice questions based on sound clips you ’ll hear .
You can take the questions at your own pace , and listen several times until you ’re happy with your answer .
At the end you ’ll get told your score and given feedback on each question , with hints on how to improve .
You can tweet your score or share it on Facebook if you want to tell friends how you did .
If you have some drumming experience , go ahead and take the quiz and let us know how you get on .
You may be surprised by your score !
If the topic ’s new to you , make sure you read ‘ A Roll Around The Drum Kit ’ and spend a bit of time with the MP3s from that article before you dive into the quiz .
As always – any questions , give a shout in the Forums or in the comments below .
Enjoy !
What would you do if you were forced to comply to the “ real name registration ” in order to access the Internet ?
And if every word that you said online would be monitored by the government ?
When there is no way for you to protect your privacy , probably you would also decide to go “ totally naked ” online .
Zhang Lifan's “ Confession of an Internet naked runner ” is written in a sarcastic voice describing the frustration of Chinese netizens .
Although he is willing to go naked , his post cannot be published in his own blog .
The article is republished at canyu.org and below is my translation .
身為一個有十二年以上網齡的中國網民，我宣佈放棄網路隱私權。這種放棄，只是對既成事實的追認。
As a Chinese netizen with over 12 - year online experience , here I declare to give up my online privacy .
This is an aftermath recognition of the reality .
理論上公民是國家的主人，有權保護自己的隱私，也有權知道公僕們幹了些什麼，花了我們多少錢。我心智健全且早已成年，卻一直被當兒童監護。一九九七年上網後，我努力「與時俱進」，設置了各種帳戶、密碼，以保護隱私權；學會了翻牆、上推特，以擴張知情權。但互聯網攻防技術的日新月異，令我逐漸覺悟：我老了，名義上的權利，其實已經無所謂了。
In theory , citizen is the master of the country and should enjoy the rights to protect one 's privacy as well as the rights to monitor our government officials regarding their duties and spendings .
Instead , as a mature adult , I have been monitored and protected like a child .
Since I went online in 1997 , I set up different online accounts with different passwords in order to protect my privacy .
I learned how to jump over the GFW and access Twitter so that I could know more about the world .
However , the technology for getting around censorship is getting more and more sophisticated and I have to admit that I am getting old .
I can't take care of the so - called “ rights ” anymore .
潛水八年之後，我在二○○五年主動選擇了實名上網，很大程度上放棄了自己的隱私權，任何網友（包括政府僱用的職業網民）都有支持、反對、評論、謾罵乃至跨省追殺我的自由。袞袞諸公何時能被感動到效法一下，我肯定佩服得五體投地。忝為實名網民，我一直主張保護網民匿名上網的權利，蓋因事關公民言論自由，但很快發現自己太迂腐了。重金開發的網路監控系統，足以令匿名菜鳥們隱私畢露，虛擬世界中的思考互動、通訊交流、戀愛調情甚至手機黃段，一一無所遁形，並可隨時追蹤到現實世界。網路者，網羅也。所謂匿名，無非是一種自我安慰；而推行上網「實名制」，不過是對自由表達的震懾。建設「大局域網」，用納稅人的錢監控納稅人，無疑是一種「中國特色」。
In 2005 , I gave up my anonymous status and chose to go online with my real name .
I have given up my privacy .
Concerned netizens ( including those hired by the government ) had different opinions , some supported , some opposed and launched attack on others ’ choices .
Although I use my real name , I have been protecting others ’ rights in anonymity as it concerns with citizen 's rights in free speech .
However , I soon discover that I am too old fashioned .
The Internet monitoring system can detect private details of anonymous newbies like a piece of cake .
All online interaction , communication , love talks or dirty jokes become visible and they can trace every single message back to the original sender .
The Internet is a net to catch people .
The so - called anonymity is a self - comforting imagination .
The main purpose of online “ real name registration ” is to produce fear among users for their speech and expression .
The construction of “ Big Brother Net ” by using the taxpayers ’ money to monitor the taxpayers is an unique Chinese characteristic .
中國的牆文化與翻牆文 化 Chinese wall culture and the culture of getting over the wall
我國「牆文化」源遠流長，沒有哪個民族，像中國人那樣熱衷於修築各種高牆和土圍子。從秦始皇修萬里長城到明朝海禁，中國是一個長期將自己與外部世界分隔的國家。別跟我理論張騫通西域與鄭和下西洋，那都是朝廷特派的「揚我國威，宣化四夷」行動，與傳遞聖火及廣立孔子學院異伐同工。當然，中國也是一個有「翻牆文化」傳統的國家，如唐玄奘到西域取經，就得偷越多道關卡；近代馬克思主義在中國傳播，也經歷了一個「翻牆」階段。改革開放了三十年，「柏林牆」倒塌了二十年，中國還在思想的「鬼打牆」中轉墳圈兒。
Our country has very long tradition of “ Wall Culture ” .
Not a single nationality in this world is as enthusiastic as Chinese people in the construction of walls .
Since Qin Shi Huang 's Great Wall to Ming Dynasty 's Coastal Wall , the country has been keeping itself away from the outside world .
Do n't lecture me with Zhang Qian 's Western Journey or Cheng He 's Sea Journey to the West , all these trips were sent by the court to “ promote the image of a strong country and educate the barbarians ” .
Their nature are similar to the Olympic Torch Relay and the Confucian Colleges nowadays .
Of course , we also has a tradition in “ getting over the wall ” , such as The Western Journey by Monk Xuanzang of the Tang Dynasty .
He had to get through a number of gates and obstacles in order to accomplish his mission .
The spreading of Marxism in Modern China has also gone through a period of “ getting over the wall ” .
The economic reform in China has 30 years of history and the Berlin Wall had been pulled down for 20 years .
China is still under the cycle of the damned “ Wall ” .
如今網路流行「偷菜 」 與「翻牆」，說明越是禁忌的事，越有快感和刺激，當然也包括流覽情色網站。中國改革開放的偉大成就之一，就是身體的解放。若論快感，網民們逛成人網站過過眼癮，比起嫖妓包二奶和公款冶遊外國紅燈區的官員，不過是小菜一碟；要比刺激，四千貪官穿壁外逃，人均捲走億元，驚悚度超越網民「翻牆」何止萬倍。「食色，性也」，男女各自長了什麼器官，成年地球人都知道。保護未成年人的理由很正大，兒童的好奇心出乎天性，性教育本該從小普及，但各商業流覽器都有專為家長設置的遮罩功能，靡費國庫的巨額帑銀開發「綠壩」，除了政治盤算，經濟上的動機也耐人尋味。
Terms like “ stealing veg ” and “ over the wall ” tell us the fact that taboo always induces pleasure and excitement .
The same case happens to getting access to online pornography .
One of the greatest deed in our reform is the liberation of our body .
While government officials can openly prostitute , buy second wives and use public spendings to visit red night district in foreign countries , netizens ’ most humble pleasure is getting access to pornographic websites .
The excitement of netizens “ getting over the wall ” in thrilling slow speed can never be compared with the 4,000 corrupted government officials , each on average had smuggled away 0.1 billion away from the country .
“ Food and sex are human nature ” , the whole world know how man and woman differ .
The excuse of “ protecting the youth ” sounds very legitimated .
Children 's curiosity come from their nature and sex education should be started from very young age .
Every commercial browser have filtering mechanism designed for parent control .
The huge public expense on “ Green Dam ” has political as well as economic considerations .
中國式大局域網「掃黃」，主要依靠防火牆過濾「敏感詞」。我經常被提示「資訊中包含敏感辭彙」而無法上帖，但又不告知什麼詞「敏感」，必須絞盡腦汁反復測試。我曾呼籲各網站公示「敏感辭彙」，以免浪費寶貴的上網時間和網路資源，但無任何回應。兩年多以前，我偶爾從某網站提供的下載軟體工具中，剝離出一份中英文敏感詞列表，頓時忍俊不禁：一千零一十個辭彙中，三分之一弱是「避孕套 」「強暴」之類的性辭彙，三分之二強是「民主」「專制」之類的政治辭彙，還有眾多的高官名字，與ＡＶ女優、異見人士紛然雜陳。「掃黃」掃得如此低俗，倒像是清道夫患了窺陰癖，這東東豈能見光？
The Chinese style Big Brother “ anti- pronography ” campaign depends on the filtering out of “ sensitive terms ” by the Great Fire Wall .
Whenever I post article online , the system keeps reminding me of the existence of “ sensitive terms in the message ” , but it never tells me which are the “ sensitive terms ” and you have to keep testing .
I have once urged some websites to post in public the list of “ sensitive terms ” for saving everyone 's time , but there is n't any response so far .
Two years ago , I sorted out a list of sensitive terms from a software tool , and it really surprised me .
Among the 1010 terms , about one third of them is sex related , like “ condom ” and “ rape ” and two third of them is political in nature , like “ democracy ” , “ authoritarian ” .
Many government officials ’ names are banned like Adult video girls and dissidents .
Since the “ anti- pronography ” is so vulgar , it is like a street sweeper being addicted to the dark sewage .
Such kind of addiction cannot be disclosed .
要裸大家裸，要脫大家 脫
Be fair , go naked together
近年的網路輿論監督，令貪官隊伍損兵折將人人自危，搶錢與反搶錢、監督與反監督成了社會矛盾焦點。官員財產「實名制」早在一九九五年就提出了，至今仍遭到頑強抵制；網路「實名制」謀劃不過兩三年，已開始在部分地區實施。政策從醞釀到出台，凡是對官有利的推行神速，凡是不利於官的行之惟艱，被網民戲稱為新的「兩個凡是」。醉翁之意不在酒，網路「白名單」和「實名制」背後隱含的動機，不免令人生疑：堵塞輿情孔道，莫非故意轟人上街？限制公民的知情權，難道真要讓社會回歸蒙昧主義？
In recent years , the Internet public opinion has threatened corrupted government officials .
There is a huge tension between robber and crime fighter , monitoring and reaction against monitoring .
The “ real name registration ” for government officials ’ property has been brought out since 1995 , but still being resisted .
While the “ real name registration ” of internet users was introduced three years ago , it has already been implemented in some regions .
Policies that are favorable towards government officials would be implemented in full speed , while those that are against their interests would encounter a lot of difficulties .
Many netizens mock the situation as the new “ Two Whatevers “ .
What has occupied the drunk 's mind is not the alcohol , the “ whitelisting ” and “ real name registration ” of the Internet has very suspicious motive .
Dont ’ they see that the blocking of public opinion would eventually bring people to the street ?
And the control over citizen access to information would bring about savagery ?
漫畫家曠飆有一幅傳播很廣的作品，畫面上那個脫到只剩褲衩的小百姓，對光鮮外衣下財色並包的官員說：「脫吧，到你了」。透明乃當今時尚，要裸一齊全裸，要脫大家都脫，我的身家公開了，你的財產也該見陽光。窗戶紙一點就破，無論實名匿名，網民都在裸奔，不如裸個痛快。倘若所有人都用實名講真話，倒有望爭取到免於恐懼的自由。
Cartoonist Kuang Biao has a popular drawing : an ordinary citizen stripped off his clothes until he only has his underpants on says to a well - dressed government official that “ now it is your turn ” .
Transparence is now a trend , if we are to go naked , everyone has to strip their clothes off by making public of their income and property .
The Internet is like a paper window full of holes now , whether netizens use their real name or stay anonymous , they are running naked .
If we all tell the truth in real name , hopefully we can attain our freedom away from fear .
成人不是兒童，女人不是老虎；谷歌不是猛獸，政府不是保姆。透觀皇帝新衣，屁民不穿也罷，若非要廢棄遊戲規則，颳一場重返「一九八四」的《竊聽風暴》，彼此就不必拘禮了。你能開發技術窺我私密，我也有辦法翻牆賞你菊花，索性回歸大自然，按「叢林法則 」 裸奔便是。
Adults are not children and women are not tigers .
Google is not a fierce animal and the government is not our nanny .
Assitizens ( translator note : citizen with no right are called as assitizen in China ) do not need the emperor 's new clothes .
If we are not giving up the game or returning to the Orwell 's monitored world of “ 1984 ” , let 's not follow the netiquette .
Now that you have the technology to peep into my privacy , I can also get over the wall to see your chrysanthemum , let 's return to the nature and follow the forest rule of naked running .
British universities face a crisis of the mind and spirit .
For thirty years , Tory and Labour politicians , bureaucrats , and “ managers ” have hacked at the traditional foundations of academic life .
Unless policies and practices change soon , the damage will be impossible to remedy .
As an “ Occasional Student ” at University College London in the early 1970s and a regular visitor to the Warburg Institute , Oxford , and Cambridge after that , I — like many American humanists — envied colleagues who taught at British universities .
We had offices with linoleum ; they had rooms with carpets .
We worked at desks ; they sat with their students on comfy chairs and gave them glasses of sherry .
Above all , we felt under constant pressure to do the newest new thing , and show the world that we were doing it : to be endlessly innovative and interdisciplinary and industrious .
British humanists innovated too .
Edward Thompson and Eric Hobsbawm , Frances Yates and Peter Burke , and many others formulated new ways of looking at history for my generation .
But British academics always admitted , as we sometimes did not , that it is vital to preserve and update our traditional disciplines and forms of knowledge : languages , precise interpretation of texts and images and objects , rigorous philosophical analysis and argument .
Otherwise all the sexy interdisciplinary work will yield only a trickle of trendy blather .
There was a Slow Food feel to British university life , based on a consensus that people should take the time to make an article or a book as dense and rich as it could be .
Good American universities were never exactly Fast Food Nation , but we certainly felt the pressure to produce , regularly and rapidly .
By contrast , Michael Baxandall spent three years at the Warburg Institute , working in the photographic collection and not completing a dissertation , and several more as a lecturer , later on , writing only a few articles .
Then , in 1971 and 1972 , he produced two brilliant interdisciplinary books , which transformed the study of Renaissance humanism and art , remain standard works to this day , and were only the beginning of a great career .
Gertrud Bing , E.H. Gombrich , J.B. Trapp , and A.M. Meyer , who administered the Warburg in those days , knew how to be patient .
Their results speak for themselves .
From the accession of Margaret Thatcher onward , the pressure has risen .
Universities have had to prove that they matter .
Administrators and chairs have pushed faculty to win grants and publish and rewarded those who do so most successfully with periods of leave and other privileges that American professors can only dream of .
The pace of production is high , but the social compact among teachers is frayed .
In the last couple of years , the squeeze has become tighter than ever .
Budgets have shrunk , and universities have tightened their belts to fit .
Now they are facing huge further cuts for three years to come — unless , as is likely , the Conservatives take over the government , in which case the knife may go even deeper .
Administrators have responded not by resisting , for the most part , but by trying to show that they can “ do more with less . ”
To explain how they can square this circle , they issue statements in the Orwellian language of “ strategic planning . ”
A typical planning document , from King ’s College London , explains that the institution must “ create financially viable academic activity by disinvesting from areas that are at sub-critical level with no realistic prospect of extra investment . ”
The realities that this cloud of ink imperfectly conceal are every bit as ugly as you would expect .
Humanists who work on ancient manuscripts and languages or write about premodern history or struggle with hard issues in semantics do n’t always make an immediate impact or bring in large amounts of grant money — even when other scholars around the world depend on their studies .
If you do n’t see the point of their work , why not eliminate them ?
Then you have room for things that pay off immediately .
At King ’s College London , the head of arts and humanities has already informed world - famous professors — one , David Ganz , in paleography , the study of ancient scripts , and two in philosophy — that their positions will be discontinued at the end of the academic year .
All three are remarkable scholars who have had remarkable students .
Paleography — to take the field that I know best — is to the study of texts what archaeology is to the study of cities and temples .
Paleographers lay the foundations other humanists build on .
They tell historians and literary scholars which texts were written when and what they say , which scripts were used where , and why , and by whom .
Training in the analysis of manuscripts is central to the world - famous programs in medieval studies that are among the glories of King ’s College .
That is why Jeffrey Hamburger , the Harvard art historian who is one of the world ’s leading experts on medieval manuscripts , has helped to organize a worldwide campaign to reverse the decision .
( Similarly , the Chicago philosopher Brian Leiter has publicized the cuts in philosophy on his widely read blog ) .
The cuts are not intended to stop with the first victims .
All other members of the arts and humanities faculty at King ’s are being forced to reapply for their jobs .
When the evaluation is finished , around twenty - two of them will have been voted off the island .
Even the official statements make clear that these faculty members will be let go not because they have ceased to do basic research or teach effectively , but because their fields are n’t fashionable and do n’t spin money .
When criticized , the principal of King ’s , Rick Trainor , complained that foreign professors do n’t appreciate the financial problems that he faces .
He ’s wrong .
All of us face drastic new financial pressures .
But we also appreciate a principle that seems to elude Mr. Trainor — as well as his colleagues at Sussex , who have begun similar measures , and the London administrators who seem bent on turning the Warburg Institute from a unique research center , its open stacks laden with treasures uniquely accessible to all readers , into a book depository .
Universities exist to discover and transmit knowledge .
Scholars and teachers provide those services .
Administrators protect and nurture the scholars and teachers : give them the security , the resources , and the possibilities of camaraderie and debate that make serious work possible .
Firing excellent faculty members is not a clever tactical “ disinvestment , ” it ’s a catastrophic failure .
Are academic salaries really the main source of the pressure on the principal ?
Vague official documents couched in management jargon are hard to decode .
The novelist and art historian Iain Pears notes that King ’s has assembled in recent years an “ executive team with all the managerial bling of a fully - fledged multi-national , complete with two executive officers and a Chief information officer . ”
The college spent £ 33.5 million on administrative costs in 2009 , and is actively recruiting more senior managers now .
These figures do not evince a passion for thrift .
Moreover , the head of arts and humanities proposes to appoint several new members of staff even as others are dismissed .
Management probably does want to save money — but it definitely wants to install its own priorities and its own people , regardless of the human and intellectual cost .
Universities become great by investing for the long term .
You choose the best scholars and teachers you can and give them the resources and the time to think problems through .
Sometimes a lecturer turns out to be Malcolm Bradbury ’s fluent , shallow , vicious History Man ; sometimes he or she turns out to be Michael Baxandall .
No one knows quite why this happens .
We do know , though , that turning the university into The Office will produce a lot more History Men than scholars such as Baxandall .
Accept the short term as your standard — support only what students want to study right now and outside agencies want to fund right now — and you lose the future .
The subjects and methods that will matter most in twenty years are often the ones that nobody values very much right now .
Slow scholarship — like Slow Food — is deeper and richer and more nourishing than the fast stuff .
But it takes longer to make , and to do it properly , you have to employ eccentric people who insist on doing things their way .
The British used to know that , but now they ’ve streaked by us on the way to the other extreme .
At this point , American universities are more invested than British in the old ways .
Few of us any longer envy our British colleagues .
But straws show how the wind blows .
The language of “ impact ” and “ investment ” is heard in the land .
In Iowa , in Nevada , and in other places there ’s talk of closing humanities departments .
If you start hearing newspeak about “ sustainable excellence clusters , ” watch out .
We ’ll be following the British down the short road to McDonald’s .
And please consider not blocking ads here .
They help pay for the server .
Pennies at a time .
Literally .
Comment count is 8 Caminante Nocturno - 2007-06-19
Mr. Freeman , are you trying to seduce me ?
love - 2007-06-19
- 2007-06-19 this part was obviously written for Screamin ' J. Hawkins , but mr. freeman is more than up to the task .
beautiful .
coprolalia - 2007-06-19
Bathe Blackula , bathe !
Calamity Jon - 2007-06-19
- 2007-06-19
My five stars are both for Electric Company clips and coprolalia ...
The Mothership - 2018-01-05
- 2018-01-05 Sing Blackula , Sing !
Camonk - 2007-06-20
Well .
Morgan Freeman really is like ranch dressing : he just makes everything better .
Syd Midnight - 2009-08-13
I found Morgan Freeman with fangs to be extremely unsettling as a child .
I just found out I still do .
Squeamish - 2010-03-06
Freeman + Dracula + Casket + Singing = Snapped Mind
Register or login To Post a Comment
Fourteen years after California decided marijuana could be used as a medicine and ignited a national movement , the state is likely to vote on whether to take another step into the vanguard of drug liberalization : legalizing the controversial weed for fun and profit .
On Wednesday , Los Angeles County elections officials must turn in their count of valid signatures collected in the county on a statewide legalization initiative .
The number is virtually certain to be enough to qualify the initiative for the November ballot , according to a tally kept by state election officials .
That will once again make California the focal point of the long - stewing argument over marijuana legalization , a debate likely to be a high - dollar brawl between adversaries who believe it could launch or stifle another national trend .
The campaign will air issues that have changed little over the years .
Proponents will cite the financial and social cost of enforcing pot prohibition and argue that marijuana is not as dangerous and addictive as tobacco or alcohol .
Opponents will highlight marijuana - linked crimes , rising teenage use and the harm the weed causes some smokers .
But the debate also will play out against a cultural landscape that has changed substantially , with marijuana moving from dark street corners to neon - lit suburban boutiques .
In the months since the Obama administration ordered drug agents to lay off dispensaries , hundreds have opened , putting pot within easy reach of most Californians .
Whether voters view this de facto legalization with trepidation or equanimity could shape the outcome .
The measure ’s supporters hope that this dynamic will shift the debate , allowing them to persuade voters to replace prohibition with controlled sales that could be taxed to help California ’s cities and counties .
“ They already accept that it ’s out there .
They want to see a smart strategy , ” said Chris Lehane , a top strategist for the initiative .
But John Lovell , a Sacramento lobbyist for law enforcement groups , said he believes that voters will reject that argument .
“ Why on Earth would you want to add yet another mind - altering substance to the legal array ? ” he asked .
California is not alone in weighing legalization .
Several state legislatures have considered bills and two other Western states may vote on initiatives .
In Nevada , a measure aimed for 2012 would allow state - licensed pot stores .
And a campaign in Washington hopes to put a legalization measure on the fall ballot .
The 10 - page California initiative would allow anyone 21 or older to possess , share and transport up to an ounce for personal use and to grow up to 25 square feet per residence or parcel .
It would allow local governments , but not the state , to authorize the cultivation , transportation and sale of marijuana and to impose taxes to raise revenues .
To make the ballot , the measure needs 433,971 valid signatures .
By Tuesday , it was just 15,000 short .
Los Angeles County , where supporters collected 142,246 signatures , is expected to put it over the top .
The initiative ’s main proponent , Richard Lee , has spent at least $ 1.3 million , mostly on a professional signature - gathering effort , and has assembled a team of experienced campaign consultants that includes Lehane , a veteran of the Clinton White House .
Lee , who owns half a dozen mostly pot-related businesses in Oakland , has said that he hopes to raise as much as $ 20 million .
The last time pot was on the ballot , in 1996 , proponents raised $ 2 million , with most of it from a few wealthy supporters .
Lehane said the campaign would have a major Internet component .
Marijuana has a devoted following on the Web .
When President Obama held an online town hall meeting after his inauguration , he was barraged with questions about legalization .
“ There ’s the potential to raise significant online resources , ” he said .
Lovell has been assembling a coalition to defeat the measure .
He thinks that he will be able to recruit business leaders because the initiative prohibits discrimination against anyone who uses marijuana , unless it affects job performance .
Lovell said he is not worried about “ the deep pockets on that side . ”
He noted that opponents of Proposition 5 , which would have let nonviolent drug offenders avoid prison , defeated it in 2008 despite being outspent .
“ We do n’t have to match the other side dollar for dollar , ” he said .
In that case , Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and four former governors denounced the measure .
All the major candidates for governor have shunned the pot initiative , including Democrat Jerry Brown , who as governor signed a law in 1975 that dramatically reduced marijuana penalties .
Lehane said the legalization campaign would soon roll out radio ads with former law enforcement officials .
Polls have shown that a slim majority of California voters want to legalize marijuana .
Both sides will shape their arguments to take aim at the wavering voters in the middle .
The measure ’s supporters say the undecided are primarily women in their 30s and 40s with children .
Proponents hope to persuade those voters that it is time for a fresh approach to a drug that is a fact of life in California , where it supports a multibillion - dollar economy .
The wisest plan , they argue , is to allow cities and counties to regulate sales and impose taxes to help them escape their budget disasters .
Two independent pollsters , Mark Baldassare of the Public Policy Institute of California and Mark DiCamillo of the Field Poll , said the state ’s grim financial situation may heighten the measure ’s appeal .
“ Whether voters are really there , whether they want to legalize marijuana , I would probably tend to say no , but given the drastic state of the budget , I do n’t know , ” said DiCamillo , calling the issue a wild card .
“ The climate may actually help it a bit . ”
Opponents plan to remind voters of the chaos caused by cities and counties struggling with California ’s medical marijuana law , noting that it had led to the explosive growth in dispensaries in Los Angeles County , where a quarter of the state ’s voters live .
“ It ’s going to be a crazy quilt of 500 different marijuana nations , ” Lovell said .
Lehane said the legalization campaign will unveil model ordinances to show voters how it could work and highlight separate state legislation to capture tax revenue from legal sales .
The adversaries will also debate the social costs , disputing the effect prohibition has on marijuana use , drug violence and the role of Mexican cartels .
Stephen Gutwillig , California director of the Drug Policy Alliance , said he hoped to highlight the increase in misdemeanor marijuana arrests , which tripled between 1990 and 2008 .
“ It really is on a scale that we have never seen , ” he said .
Opponents will cite a national survey that found an increase in teenagers trying marijuana last year .
And they are emphasizing the danger of drugged drivers .
In a recent column , Ventura County Sheriff Bob Brooks cited a 2007 accident in which a driver high on marijuana crashed into a stopped vehicle , killing its driver and critically injuring a California Highway Patrol officer .
john.hoeffel@latimes.com
The cover story of Barron 's is on public pensions , an issue I have been railing about for years , and heatedly so for several months .
Please consider The $ 2 Trillion Hole .
LIKE A CALIFORNIA WILDFIRE , populist rage burns over bloated executive compensation and unrepentant avarice on Wall Street .
Deserving as these targets may or may not be , most Americans have ignored at their own peril a far bigger pocket of privilege -- the lush pensions that the 23 million active and retired state and local public employees , from cops and garbage collectors to city managers and teachers , have wangled from taxpayers .
Some 80 % of these public employees are beneficiaries of defined - benefit plans under which monthly pension payments are guaranteed , no matter how stocks and other volatile assets backing the retirement plans perform .
In contrast , most of the taxpayers footing the bill for these public - employee benefits ( participants ' contributions to these plans are typically modest ) have been pushed by their employers into far less munificent defined - contribution plans and suffered the additional indignity of seeing their 401 ( k ) accounts shrivel in the recent bear market in stocks .
Most public employees , if they hang around to retirement , can count on pensions equal to 75 % to 90 % of their pay in their highest - earning years .
And many public employees earn even more in retirement than their best year 's base compensation as a result of " spiking " their last year 's income by working ferocious amounts of overtime and rolling in years of unused sick and vacation days into their final - year pay computation .
THE PROSPECTS ARE BLEAK for many state and local governments as a result of all this .
According to a survey last month by the Pew Center on the States , a nonpartisan research group , eight states -- Connecticut , Illinois , Kansas , Kentucky , Massachusetts , Oklahoma , Rhode Island and West Virginia -- lack funding for more than a third of their pension liabilities .
Thirteen others are less than 80 % funded .
The more likely outcome is dramatic cuts in essential services , such as police and fire protection , health spending , education and infrastructure improvements , in order to cover ballooning pension payments .
State and municipalities , after all , must do something :
Most have a legal obligation to pay out earned pension benefits .
And some do n't even have the courage to switch new teachers , bureaucrats and police to a defined - contribution system , to prevent the funding problem from worsening as time rolls on .
THUS , MORE DEBT DEFAULTS and bankruptcy filings probably lie ahead , unsettling the $ 2.7 trillion municipal - bond market .
The possibility of taxpayer revolts and likely insolvencies has shaken some investors ' confidence in general - obligation bonds -- those backed by the " full faith and credit " of the states or localities .
Once the gold standard for munis , GOs are under a cloud in financially troubled areas .
The size of the legacy - pension hole is a matter of debate .
The Pew report puts it at $ 452 billion .
But the survey captured only about 85 % of the universe and relied mostly on midyear 2008 numbers , missing much of the impact of the vicious bear market of 2008 and early 2009 .
That lopped about $ 1 trillion from public pension - fund asset values , driving down their total holdings to around $ 2.7 trillion .
Other observers think the eventual bill due on state pension funds will be multiples of the Pew number .
Hedge - fund manager Orin Kramer , who is also chairman of the badly underfunded New Jersey retirement system , insists the gap is at least $ 2 trillion , if assets were recorded at market value and other pension - accounting practices common in Corporate America were adopted .
Finance professors Robert Novy - Marx at the University of Chicago and Joshua Rauh of Northwestern University asserted in a recent paper that the funding gap for state pension plans alone might exceed $ 3 trillion , in part because state funds are using an unrealistic long - term annual investment return of 8 % to compute the present value of future payments to retirees , as is permitted in government standards for pension - fund accounting .
MAKING THE STATE AND local pension problem all the more trying is that government entities can do little to wriggle out of their exposure , even if spending on essential services is threatened .
The constitutions of nine states , including beleaguered California and Illinois , guarantee public - pension payments .
And most other states have strong statutory or case - law protections for these obligations .
" One should n't be surprised by this , since state legislators , state and local judges and the state attorneys general are beneficiaries of the self - same public pension funds that they 've done so much to promote and protect , " Orin Kramer notes wryly .
True , a dozen or so states , including New York , Nevada , Nebraska , Rhode Island and New Jersey , are attempting reforms such as raising retirement ages , cutting pension - benefit formulas , boosting employee contributions , curbing income " spiking " and partially switching employees to less costly defined - contribution plans .
But these changes affect almost exclusively new employees and do little to solve the existing funding gap .
Populist Rage
populist rage burns over bloated executive compensation and unrepentant avarice on Wall Street .
March 2 , 2010
January 31 , 2010
January 28 , 2010
January 26 , 2010
January 07 , 2010
October 20 , 2009
July 17 , 2009
June 26 , 2009
April 24 , 2009
Who Is Covering The Pension Issue ?
The Pension Tsunami
Steven Greenhut 's Plunder !
Public Unions and Pensions are the # 1 Issue Affecting States
Speak Out , If You Don't , Who Will ?
Gender is not as it appears in the popular media and general conversations
How different are men and women ?
Very , according to some .
John Gray ’s book “ Men are from Mars , Women are from Venus ” is based on the idea that there are fundamental differences between the genders .
It may be just another self - help book on relationships , but it has also sold over 30 million copies and been translated into 40 languages .
A key starting point for any group , movement or society who want to mobilise the full potential and creativity of humanity is to challenge the gendered nature of roles .
This begins when we challenge the idea that the differences between the genders are based on biology , rather than experience .
Women are under - represented in anarchist groups throughout the world , and this means our movements are considerably weaker as we are losing the point of view , the experiences , the skills and understandings of a large portion of humanity .
In a less obvious way , many men in the anarchist movement were and are , gender blind .
That is they do not realise that their own way of seeing the world is coloured by their own gender and are n’t aware of or interested in understanding other perspectives .
While we all naturally make sense of the world from the point of view of our own experiences , we also need to be able to realise that our experiences are n’t universal .
Deborah Tannen ’s book “ You Just Do n’t Understand : Men and Women in Conversation ” was on the New York Times bestseller list for nearly four years and has been translated into 24 languages .
Pope Benedict , when still a cardinal ( and an obvious expert on gender ) in a statement on the role of women wrote that women ’s characteristics were
“ listening , welcoming , humility , faithfulness , praise and waiting ”
in the first statement published by the Catholic church on the role of women in a decade .
In January 2005 , the president of Harvard argued that women were underrepresented in science because biologically they were n’t as capable at scientific thinking as men .
During his time as President the number of tenured jobs offered to women at Harvard fell from the low 36 % to the even lower 13 % .
While we may not care very much about the pope or pop-psychology , their ideas carry weight with large segments of the world ’s population .
The idea that men and women are fundamentally different can also be found on the left .
Some women ’s peace groups , such as the Greenham Common women , base their activity on women ’s supposed opposition to war and violence .
Or to take a more recent example , some of the supporters of the centre - left President of Chile Michelle Bachelet , argued that as a women she is better able to multi-task and thus more able for the job ; " She is going to take the reins of this country as if it were a big house .
She is going to manage us well .
Look at us men , we do one thing at a time , while the mom is cooking , talking on the phone , feeding the children and listening to the radio ! "
If you just listened to popular media and general conversations , you would expect the genders to be worlds apart .
Yet a study by Shibley Hyde found far more similarities than differences .
This article looks at this research , and then asks in the light of it why might the idea of gender difference be so popular presently .
Mostly the same
Published in the “ American Psychologists ” in September 2005 , the research challenges the idea that men and women are very different psychologically .
Shibley
Hyde reviewed the results from 46 surveys and concluded that men and women are similar on most , but not all , psychological variables .
Arguments about the roles that men and women play in society often revolve around whether these roles are due to nature ( our genetic make up ) or nurture ( the type of society we live in ) .
The implication of this research is to overturn the idea that male and female roles are connected to particular characteristics of men or women .
In 1974 Maccoby and Jacklin analysed the results from over 2,000 psychological studies on gender difference and in doing so they overturned many myths ; girls are n’t more social than boys , neither are they more suggestible , girls are n’t any better at learning off by heart , boys are n’t good at more abstract learning , girls do n’t have lower self esteem and it is not true that girls lack motivation .
In all they found only four areas where gender differences were evident ; verbal ability , visual - spatial ability , mathematical ability and aggression .
Yet despite the fact that overwhelmingly their story was one of similarity , almost all reports of their work focused on the differences .
So why if genders , in the main , behave similarly are they perceived to be different ?
Same behaviour , different perceptions
One explanation for this is that the meaning attached to the behaviour varies depending on whether you are a man or a woman .
So , for example , if a woman is n’t good at map reading , this is seen to be proof that women are less spatially aware .
If a man is n’t good at map reading , well it ’s just one of those things that he ’s not very good at .
I once asked a teenage boy what toys he played with as a child .
Like most boys , he played with action man .
He went on to say that he thought action man was ‘ cool ’ , while Barbie was stupid .
Despite the fact that both toys are essentially the same –a piece of plastic representing a person – to him the possibilities and meanings attached to the male toy were far more positive than the female toy .
Mars and Venus are the same place , they are just seen from different perspectives .
What does it mean to come from Venus ?
Society attributes different meanings to similar behaviours .
In fact , even stranger , society is quite happy to talk about very different behaviours as if they were all similar .
So for example , what to people mean when they say ‘ women ’s work ’ ?
One certain thing that can be said about gender roles , despite the Mars / Venus clichés , is that they vary greatly between different cultures , classes and change over time .
Venus seems to be a number of radically different planets .
In Ireland , nursing is a women ’s profession , in southern Italy most nurses are men .
This is because in the south of Italy , labour market shortages were so great , that one of the few jobs available was nursing , and as traditionally men were seen as the major bread - owners , these became seen as ‘ male ’ .
The daughter of a manual labourer on a poor Dublin housing estate is more likely to see her role in terms of motherhood and so will often start her family early in life .
In contrast the daughter of a doctor might be expected to go to university , and establish a career before she has children .
And on the other end of the scale , the role of Paris Hilton , the daughter of a multi-millionaire , seems to be to be thin , shop and act stupid .
Over time , the role women were expected to play within capitalism has varied .
In the early factories they were valued ( as were children ) as a cheap form of labour .
Then they were moved to the home , where their role was to provide all the social care and support required to keep the workforce ticking over .
So for example , in the US during the depression working women were accused of taking men ’s jobs .
Although the numbers of women working outside the home increased gradually from the 1900s , in general this was acceptable only for single women .
In Ireland , it was n’t until the early 1970s that married women were allowed to continue working in the public sector .
When women were in paid employment , it was in those sectors that mirrored their role in the home such as domestic work , or caring work such as nursing .
But the idea that women ’s role was in the home has been overturned at certain points .
This happened most dramatically during World War Two when propaganda extolled the virtues of women working – in fact , the skills they used at home were argued to be the same as the skills needed in the workplace .
Alice Kesser Harris explains ,
“ They were induced into the labour force with a rhetoric which played on their housewifely role .
For example , they were told that operating a drill press was just like operating a can opener ; that wielding a welding torch , for example , was just like operating a mix - master might have been ; that a drill press was like an iron . ”
After the war , although in the US 75 % of women said they would like to keep their jobs , about 90 % ended up being forced to leave .
Once again women ’s place was in the home .
Today women make up a greater part of the labour force than ever before .
In the west , manufacturing has declined , while service industries and knowledge industries have grown .
Throughout the world women are paid less than men and in order to attract cheaper female labour , women ’s characteristics are once more being re-defined as useful on the labour market .
So for example , women are argued to be good listeners and empathic , and so make good call centre employees , or women are good at multitasking and so suited to IT work ; an article on Microsoft ’s webpage argues that “ Biology , upbringing make women more flexible ” and so they are better managers . ”
In fact there is a certain irony that as the workplace is becoming more female , the idea that genders are very different seems to be gaining increasing popularity ( or at least , if the sales of John Gray ’s books are anything to go by ) .
The idea of gender differences can be used to either exclude women ( as in the position of women in Harvard ) or to attract more women ( as in the call centre workers ) .
The malleability of the idea of difference , and the different political uses to which it is put , should make us very wary of arguments that take difference as their starting point .
Mostly the same , a little different , what next ?
So far I ’ve been arguing that the similarities are far greater than the difference , but that does n’t mean that differences do n’t exist or that they are n’t important .
Women and men are treated differently in society and this different experience affects the roles that women and men play .
In her study , Shibley Hyde conducted a review of 46 studies , each of which themselves was a review of other studies .
Hundreds of reports were involved .
She grouped her data into six categories and set about seeing if she could find any evidence of difference .
The categories were : those studies that assessed cogitative variables ; that assessed verbal and non-verbal communication ; that assessed social or personality variables ; that assessed measures of psychological well - being ( for example self - esteem ) ; that assessed motor behaviour ( for example , how far can you throw a ball ) and finally a category of miscellaneous reports , such as ‘ moral reasoning ’ .
As with the earlier Maccoby and Jacklin study , she found gender differences in a few very specific areas .
The first area is , not surprisingly , throwing ability .
Men can throw a ball further and faster than women .
The second area was found in some measures of sexuality – men masturbate more and have different attitudes to casual sex .
The third and final area was in levels of aggression , in particular in levels of physical aggression .
Differences are n’t stable
They also found that in some areas there are little differences in childhood , but differences develop in the teenage years .
So for example , in high school , a small difference emerges favouring males in terms of solving complex problems .
This small variation in differences over time , Shibley Hyde argues , overthrows ‘ the notions that gender differences are large and stable ’ ( p588 ) , that men have permanently set up camp on Mars which is a great distance from Venus .
The study also highlights the importance of context in determining gender differences .
So for example , averaging out over all the studies , it was found that men helped more .
But if the studies were separated into those where the helping occurred when onlookers were present , and those where onlookers were absent , it was found that a large gender difference only occurred when onlookers were present .
This difference , she argues , can be explained by looking at social roles – in western society ‘ heroism ’ is seen as a masculine attribute , which means that men are more likely to help others when they are doing it in a public way that might be interpreted as heroic .
The difference in one trait ‘ helping others ’ can be large , favouring males , or close to zero , depending on the social context in which that trait occurs .
Similar differences were found when looking at interruptions to conversations – very little difference were found in groups of two , and small differences were found in groups of three and more .
Again the social context affects the behavioural response – and the idea that there are fixed male and female responses , which we are all hardwired to perform , is undermined .
Different experiences , different responses
In those areas where men and women behave differently , it is in large part because they are treated differently growing up .
An example of this different treatment can be found in a study by Myra and David Sadker in which they looked at the different ways boys and girls were treated in US high schools .
After three years of classroom observations , they discovered a hidden , unconscious bias that neither teachers nor students were aware of .
Boys were asked more questions , were praised more , referred to more in class , girls were less often called on , often ignored , to the extent that teachers would stand with their back to the girls while talking to the boys .
In addition , in the text books given to the students , women ’s contribution to society was often absent , ignored or hidden .
Finally there was a tolerance of sexual discrimination of girls by other children or indeed incidences of sexual discrimination by teachers .
The result of this was that as you look at the progression of girls throughout the education system they become progressively quieter .
In a typical US college classroom , 45 % of the students do n’t participate by asking and answering questions , and the majority of those are women .
In light of this study , the behavioural findings on conversation interruptions do n’t seem to be that surprising .
The Sadker study found that over time , due to their different experiences growing up , boys and girls acted in different ways within the classroom .
The Hyde study also found some differences in behaviour but emphasised that these differences are not as great as the similarities .
Many voices make up the movement
So where does this leave us – knowing that genders are not as different as often described but also aware that gender ( as do other cultural attributes ) can colour the way in which we perceive and act within the world ?
A key starting point for any group , movement or society who want to mobilise the full potential and creativity of humanity is to challenge the gendered nature of roles .
This begins when we challenge the idea that the differences between the genders are based on biology , rather than experience .
However , this does n’t mean that we are all the same - men , women , old , young , city dweller , country person , black , white – rather that our different experiences have created a diversity of characteristics , attitudes , values and identities .
The movements and the society we are trying to build have to allow a voice to this diversity .
Women are under - represented in anarchist groups throughout the world , and this means our movements are considerably weaker as we are losing the point of view , the experiences , the skills and understandings of a large portion of humanity .
One of the few groups who seriously and successfully faced up to this problem was the anarchist group Mujeres Libres , who fought during the Spanish Civil War .
They recognised that the problem of incorporating women into the anarchist movement operated on many different levels .
On one hand there was the obvious sexism of part of the anarchist movement , which needed to be combated .
In a less obvious way , many men in the anarchist movement were and are , gender blind .
That is they do not realise that their own way of seeing the world is coloured by their own gender and are n’t aware of or interested in understanding other perspectives .
While we all naturally make sense of the world from the point of view of our own experiences , we also need to be able to realise that our experiences are n’t universal .
Where those other voices are in the minority , we need to actively go out and seek those alternative perspectives .
This is different from saying , as John Gray does , that women and men are so different they need a self - help book to be able to understand each other .
This does n’t mean that we believe that men and women occupy different spheres of life , that some are best suited to revolutionary organisation , while others are not .
It does mean however that we try as revolutionaries to look beyond our own world - view ( and of course this does n’t apply just to gender , it holds true for race , nationality , and all the other aspects of culture ) .
In the pages of their papers and at their meetings , Mujeres Libres gave voice to women ’s experiences .
Mujeres Libres also worked to challenge restrictive gender roles .
It is generally true that you cannot do what you have n’t dreamt .
If a woman never imagines herself taking part in an anarchist organisation , if she does n’t see a role for herself within that organisation , it is very unlikely that she will ever feel motivated to join one .
As a women ’s only group , Mujeres Libres automatically gave to women a space where they knew , by virtue of their gender , that they were welcomed and needed .
From that starting point , the women involved undertook work that was more usually done by men ; they organised meetings , they spoke at meetings , they travelled around the country .
Mujeres Libres also had the advantage that they were working in revolutionary times , and so the fight for women ’s liberation became part and parcel of the new society that was being built .
Today ’s anarchists operate in less optimistic times and , though for women things are a lot freer than they were in 1930s Spain , the problem of how to create revolutionary organisations which reflect the full diversity of society have yet to be solved .
References :
A woman 's place is to wait and listen , says the Vatican
John Hooper and Jo Revill , Sunday August 1 , 2004 , The Observer
Interview with Alice Kessler Harris : http://www.pbs.org/fmc/interviews/kesslerharris.htm
Sadker , M and Sadker , D ( 1994 ) Failing at Fairness : How America ’s Schools Cheat Girls , Scribner .
Barranquilla , Colombia ( CNN ) --
She pouts her collagen - filled lips and totters on golden stilettos as she parades down the catwalk .
Camera flashes pop in the shaky video recording of the photo shoot .
Colombian model Angie Sanclemente is an object of desire .
But that was 10 years ago .
Now Sanclemente is one of South America 's " most wanted . "
The fallen beauty is on the run ; Interpol has issued an international arrest warrant for her .
The woman whose ambition took her from poverty to a life of glamour is thought to be in Argentina .
Authorities there suspect she may be the " queen pin " of an international operation that uses models as drug mules to move suitcases loaded with cocaine out of Buenos Aires airport .
" I am convinced Sanclemente is heavily involved in drug trafficking but I still cannot determine exactly what role she plays , " one Argentine source close to the investigation tells CNN .
Six people , four men and two women , have so far been detained .
Among them a 21 - year - old named only as " Maria " , who was arrested at Buenos Aires airport in December as she tried to board a flight bound for Cancun , Mexico with 55 kg ( 120 pounds ) of cocaine .
That could be worth more than $ 3.3 million once sold on the streets of the United States or Europe , according to estimates from the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration .
Sources say some of those arrested have named Sanclemente and her Argentine male model boyfriend , now in custody , as the ringleaders of the trafficking ring .
Despite an international manhunt Sanclemente , now 30 , has continued to update her Facebook page .
In a Facebook message to CNN this week Sanclemente denied any involvement in the case , writing : " I 'm very sad and hurt by the bad information .
I do n't know how the press can destroy an innocent person . "
Later she wrote : " I do n't want to go to jail I do n't deserve it .
I am innocent . "
She said she had hired a Buenos Aires - based attorney and hoped to clarify her legal situation soon .
The lawyer , Guillermo Tiscornia , said he was hired by Sanclemente 's mother and that he has not yet had any contact with Sanclemente , who he believes is in Argentina .
Tiscornia told CNN he has filed an appeal with the Argentine Appeals Court asking that Sanclemente be allowed to testify without the risk of going to prison if she appears in court .
He said : " Angela is afraid to go to prison in Argentina .
She is a beautiful woman and she is afraid that she will be raped in prison .
She could suffer serious physical and psychological damage . "
Former boyfriend , DJ Ludwing Hernandez says he has also had word from Sanclemente since the scandal broke .
He lives in Barranquilla , the Colombian port city famous for its carnival and as hometown of pop star Shakira .
Sanclemente spent her teenage years there .
" I heard from Angie through another friend , " he said .
" Right now she 's shocked and scared she will get arrested .
She 's also afraid for her life because this is a big drug problem and the bad guys could harm her . "
A Colombian drug trafficker consulted by CNN , who requested not to be named because he continues smuggling , said Sanclemente may be lying low in Argentina .
But he said if she had the right connections she could make it back to Colombia .
Sanclemente 's mother , Yaneth Valencia , rents a $ 75 - a- month apartment on the outskirts of Barranquilla .
Neighbors said she left about two weeks ago -- shortly after the international arrest warrant was issued for her daughter -- and Tiscornia said she was now in Argentina .
" She did n't have a bed only a mattress on the floor .
That 's hardly the lifestyle of a drug trafficker 's mother , " said one neighbor , who gave her name only as Dolly .
Sanclemente first hit the headlines in 2000 when she was 20 .
She won Colombia 's prestigious Queen of Coffee beauty pageant .
Victory was short - lived .
Judges dethroned after just two days when they found out she had been married , contrary to competition rules .
That marriage lasted just three months back in 1998 to a Barranquilla businessman .
He paid for her to study journalism at Barranquilla 's university .
A university friend , who did not want to be named for fear of reprisals , said Sanclemente dropped out of college after three semesters and spent tuition fees on silicone breast implants instead .
That friend said Sanclemente idolized Colombia 's then top model Natalia Paris .
She even dyed her hair blonde and imitated Paris ' distinctive accent to appear more like her .
Paris married a drug trafficker turned DEA informant , known as Julio Correa .
He was killed in 2001 by his former associates when he returned to Colombia from Miami .
Drug underworld sources say he was cut up in a meat grinder .
While some who have known her doubt she is capable of run a drug smuggling ring , others describe Sanclemente as ambitious and determined from an early age .
" Angie was very analytical .
She calculated and weighed things up .
She took firm steps so she did n't make mistakes , " said Luis Alfonso Posso , one of her teenage friends .
Sanclemente was an only child .
Her mother -- a single mom - scraped a living selling shoes and clothes .
But she saved enough to enroll Sanclemente in Barranquilla 's top modeling school , " La Pasarella . "
Instructor Nury Rodriguez remembers the young Sanclemente as skinny and lacking self - confidence .
But aside from her exotic looks , Rodriguez said she had one outstanding trait -- she hated to lose .
" Angie always wanted to win and draw attention to herself one way or another .
She wanted to stand out , " Rodriguez said .
" She once confronted the judges in a beauty contest because she thought she should have been among the finalists . "
Her brief reign as Miss Coffee Queen also brought her to the attention of admiring drug capos , according to a fashion industry insider who knew Sanclemente in Bogota .
" Narcotraffickers go to beauty pageants to buy the women they like .
In other cases they sponsor candidates , paying for their outfits , their plastic surgery and even bribing the judges so their girl wins , " the woman explained .
The woman , who still organizes beauty pageants , did not wish to be named saying she feared a backlash from within the industry .
Sanclemente left Colombia around 2005 and headed to Mexico where she continued to pick up modeling assignments and bit - part roles as a TV actress , according to friends .
If the Argentine allegations are true , it 's unclear how Sanclemente made the leap from drug trafficker 's moll to becoming a cocaine queen in her own right .
" There are some very determined and very strong women who have got more balls than the men .
But usually I would say a girl like that would be running the network of mules not the whole cartel , " the drug trafficking source told CNN .
The drug trafficker said he was almost certain , if the allegations are true , that Sanclemente was not operating alone .
He said she would have needed connections to a Mexican cartel .
" Cancun is a very good spot to export drugs to Europe .
A lot of tourists arrive on charter flights and the Mexican cartels have done an excellent job infiltrating the police , " he said .
In the past Sanclemente has dyed her hair blonde then black and was last seen with copper highlights .
She used to use blue contact lenses though her eyes are naturally brown .
But even if she goes unrecognized , friends say Sanclemente is unlikely to pass completely unnoticed .
Her silicone - enhanced curves , tight - fitting outfits and catwalk strut make her hard to ignore .
" Angie kicked up dust wherever she went .
Men and women would stop and stare whenever she passed , " a female friend said .
CNN 's Brian Byrnes contributed to this story
Listen to a narrated version of this essay :
The lecture below was delivered to the plebe class at the United States Military Academy at West Point in October 2009 .
My title must seem like a contradiction .
What can solitude have to do with leadership ?
Solitude means being alone , and leadership necessitates the presence of others — the people you ’re leading .
When we think about leadership in American history we are likely to think of Washington , at the head of an army , or Lincoln , at the head of a nation , or King , at the head of a movement — people with multitudes behind them , looking to them for direction .
And when we think of solitude , we are apt to think of Thoreau , a man alone in the woods , keeping a journal and communing with nature in silence .
Leadership is what you are here to learn — the qualities of character and mind that will make you fit to command a platoon , and beyond that , perhaps , a company , a battalion , or , if you leave the military , a corporation , a foundation , a department of government .
Solitude is what you have the least of here , especially as plebes .
You do n’t even have privacy , the opportunity simply to be physically alone , never mind solitude , the ability to be alone with your thoughts .
And yet I submit to you that solitude is one of the most important necessities of true leadership .
This lecture will be an attempt to explain why .
We need to begin by talking about what leadership really means .
I just spent 10 years teaching at another institution that , like West Point , liked to talk a lot about leadership , Yale University .
A school that some of you might have gone to had you not come here , that some of your friends might be going to .
And if not Yale , then Harvard , Stanford , MIT , and so forth .
These institutions , like West Point , also see their role as the training of leaders , constantly encourage their students , like West Point , to regard themselves as leaders among their peers and future leaders of society .
Indeed , when we look around at the American elite , the people in charge of government , business , academia , and all our other major institutions — senators , judges , CEOs , college presidents , and so forth — we find that they come overwhelmingly either from the Ivy League and its peer institutions or from the service academies , especially West Point .
So I began to wonder , as I taught at Yale , what leadership really consists of .
My students , like you , were energetic , accomplished , smart , and often ferociously ambitious , but was that enough to make them leaders ?
Most of them , as much as I liked and even admired them , certainly did n’t seem to me like leaders .
Does being a leader , I wondered , just mean being accomplished , being successful ?
Does getting straight
As make you a leader ?
I did n’t think so .
Great heart surgeons or great novelists or great shortstops may be terrific at what they do , but that does n’t mean they ’re leaders .
Leadership and aptitude , leadership and achievement , leadership and even ex­cellence have to be different things , otherwise the concept of leadership has no meaning .
And it seemed to me that that had to be especially true of the kind of excellence I saw in the students around me .
See , things have changed since I went to college in the ’ 80s .
Everything has gotten much more intense .
You have to do much more now to get into a top school like Yale or West Point , and you have to start a lot earlier .
We did n’t begin thinking about college until we were juniors , and maybe we each did a couple of extracurriculars .
But I know what it ’s like for you guys now .
It ’s an endless series of hoops that you have to jump through , starting from way back , maybe as early as junior high school .
Classes , standardized tests , extracurriculars in school , extracurriculars outside of school .
Test prep courses , admissions coaches , private tutors .
I sat on the Yale College admissions committee a couple of years ago .
The first thing the admissions officer would do when presenting a case to the rest of the committee was read what they call the “ brag ” in admissions lingo , the list of the student ’s extracurriculars .
Well , it turned out that a student who had six or seven extracurriculars was already in trouble .
Because the students who got in — in addition to perfect grades and top scores — usually had 10 or 12 .
So what I saw around me were great kids who had been trained to be world - class hoop jumpers .
Any goal you set them , they could achieve .
Any test you gave them , they could pass with flying colors .
They were , as one of them put it herself , “ excellent sheep . ”
I had no doubt that they would continue to jump through hoops and ace tests and go on to Harvard Business School , or Michigan Law School , or Johns Hopkins Medical School , or Goldman Sachs , or McKinsey consulting , or whatever .
And this approach would indeed take them far in life .
They would come back for their 25th reunion as a partner at White & Case , or an attending physician at Mass General , or an assistant secretary in the Department of State .
That is exactly what places like Yale mean when they talk about training leaders .
Educating people who make a big name for themselves in the world , people with impressive titles , people the university can brag about .
People who make it to the top .
People who can climb the greasy pole of whatever hierarchy they decide to attach themselves to .
But I think there ’s something desperately wrong , and even dangerous , about that idea .
To explain why , I want to spend a few minutes talking about a novel that many of you may have read , Heart of Darkness .
If you have n’t read it , you ’ve probably seen Apocalypse Now , which is based on it .
Marlow in the novel becomes Captain Willard , played by Martin Sheen .
Kurtz in the novel becomes Colonel Kurtz , played by Marlon Brando .
But the novel is n’t about Vietnam ; it ’s about colonialism in the Belgian Congo three generations before Vietnam .
Marlow , not a military officer but a merchant marine , a civilian ship ’s captain , is sent by the company that ’s running the country under charter from the Belgian crown to sail deep upriver , up the Congo River , to retrieve a manager who ’s ensconced himself in the jungle and gone rogue , just like Colonel Kurtz does in the movie .
Now everyone knows that the novel is about imperialism and colonialism and race relations and the darkness that lies in the human heart , but it became clear to me at a certain point , as I taught the novel , that it is also about bureaucracy — what I called , a minute ago , hierarchy .
The Company , after all , is just that : a company , with rules and procedures and ranks and people in power and people scrambling for power , just like any other bureaucracy .
Just like a big law firm or a governmental department or , for that matter , a university .
Just like — and here ’s why I ’m telling you all this — just like the bureaucracy you are about to join .
The word bureaucracy tends to have negative connotations , but I say this in no way as a criticism , merely a description , that the U.S. Army is a bureaucracy and one of the largest and most famously bureaucratic bureaucracies in the world .
After all , it was the Army that gave us , among other things , the indispensable bureaucratic acronym “ snafu ” : “ situation normal : all fucked up ” — or “ all fouled up ” in the cleaned - up version .
That comes from the U.S. Army in World War II .
You need to know that when you get your commission , you ’ll be joining a bureaucracy , and however long you stay in the Army , you ’ll be operating within a bureaucracy .
As different as the armed forces are in so many ways from every other institution in society , in that respect they are the same .
And so you need to know how bureaucracies operate , what kind of behavior — what kind of character — they reward , and what kind they punish .
So , back to the novel .
Marlow proceeds upriver by stages , just like Captain Willard does in the movie .
First he gets to the Outer Station .
Kurtz is at the Inner Station .
In between is the Central Station , where Marlow spends the most time , and where we get our best look at bureaucracy in action and the kind of people who succeed in it .
This is Marlow ’s description of the manager of the Central Station , the big boss :
He was commonplace in complexion , in features , in manners , and in voice .
He was of middle size and of ordinary build .
His eyes , of the usual blue , were perhaps remarkably cold .
. . .
Otherwise there was only an indefinable , faint expression of his lips , something stealthy — a smile — not a smile — I remember it , but I ca n’t explain .
. . .
He was a common trader , from his youth up employed in these parts — nothing more .
He was obeyed , yet he inspired neither love nor fear , nor even respect .
He inspired uneasiness .
That was it !
Uneasiness .
Not a definite mistrust — just uneasiness — nothing more .
You have no idea how effective such a . . . a . . . faculty can be .
He had no genius for organizing , for initiative , or for order even .
. . .
He had no learning , and no intelligence .
His position had come to him — why ? . . .
He originated nothing , he could keep the routine going — that ’s all .
But he was great .
He was great by this little thing that it was impossible to tell what could control such a man .
He never gave that secret away .
Perhaps there was nothing within him .
Such a suspicion made one pause .
Note the adjectives : commonplace , ordinary , usual , common .
There is nothing distinguished about this person .
About the 10th time I read that passage , I realized it was a perfect description of the kind of person who tends to prosper in the bureaucratic environment .
And the only reason I did is because it suddenly struck me that it was a perfect description of the head of the bureaucracy that I was part of , the chairman of my academic department — who had that exact same smile , like a shark , and that exact same ability to make you uneasy , like you were doing something wrong , only she was n’t ever going to tell you what .
Like the manager — and I ’m sorry to say this , but like so many people you will meet as you negotiate the bureaucracy of the Army or for that matter of whatever institution you end up giving your talents to after the Army , whether it ’s Microsoft or the World Bank or whatever — the head of my department had no genius for organizing or initiative or even order , no particular learning or intelligence , no distinguishing characteristics at all .
Just the ability to keep the routine going , and beyond that , as Marlow says , her position had come to her — why ?
That ’s really the great mystery about bureaucracies .
Why is it so often that the best people are stuck in the middle and the people who are running things — the leaders — are the mediocrities ?
Because excellence is n’t usually what gets you up the greasy pole .
What gets you up is a talent for maneuvering .
Kissing up to the people above you , kicking down to the people below you .
Pleasing your teachers , pleasing your superiors , picking a powerful mentor and riding his coattails until it ’s time to stab him in the back .
Jumping through hoops .
Getting along by going along .
Being whatever other people want you to be , so that it finally comes to seem that , like the manager of the Central Station , you have nothing inside you at all .
Not taking stupid risks like trying to change how things are done or question why they ’re done .
Just keeping the routine going .
I tell you this to forewarn you , because I promise you that you will meet these people and you will find yourself in environments where what is rewarded above all is conformity .
I tell you so you can decide to be a different kind of leader .
And I tell you for one other reason .
As I thought about these things and put all these pieces together — the kind of students I had , the kind of leadership they were being trained for , the kind of leaders I saw in my own institution — I realized that this is a national problem .
We have a crisis of leadership in this country , in every institution .
Not just in government .
Look at what happened to American corporations in recent decades , as all the old dinosaurs like General Motors or TWA or U.S.
Steel fell apart .
Look at what happened to Wall Street in just the last couple of years .
Finally — and I know I ’m on sensitive ground here — look at what happened during the first four years of the Iraq War .
We were stuck .
It was n’t the fault of the enlisted ranks or the noncoms or the junior officers .
It was the fault of the senior leadership , whether military or civilian or both .
We were n’t just not winning , we were n’t even changing direction .
We have a crisis of leadership in America because our overwhelming power and wealth , earned under earlier generations of leaders , made us complacent , and for too long we have been training leaders who only know how to keep the routine going .
Who can answer questions , but do n’t know how to ask them .
Who can fulfill goals , but do n’t know how to set them .
Who think about how to get things done , but not whether they ’re worth doing in the first place .
What we have now are the greatest technocrats the world has ever seen , people who have been trained to be incredibly good at one specific thing , but who have no interest in anything beyond their area of exper­tise .
What we do n’t have are leaders .
What we do n’t have , in other words , are thinkers .
People who can think for themselves .
People who can formulate a new direction : for the country , for a corporation or a college , for the Army — a new way of doing things , a new way of looking at things .
People , in other words , with vision .
Now some people would say , great .
Tell this to the kids at Yale , but why bother telling it to the ones at West Point ?
Most people , when they think of this institution , assume that it ’s the last place anyone would want to talk about thinking creatively or cultivating independence of mind .
It ’s the Army , after all .
It ’s no accident that the word regiment is the root of the word regimentation .
Surely you who have come here must be the ultimate conformists .
Must be people who have bought in to the way things are and have no interest in changing it .
Are not the kind of young people who think about the world , who ponder the big issues , who question authority .
If you were , you would have gone to Amherst or Pomona .
You ’re at West Point to be told what to do and how to think .
But you know that ’s not true .
I know it , too ; otherwise I would never have been invited to talk to you , and I ’m even more convinced of it now that I ’ve spent a few days on campus .
To quote Colonel Scott Krawczyk , your course director , in a lecture he gave last year to English 102 :
From the very earliest days of this country , the model for our officers , which was built on the model of the citizenry and reflective of democratic ideals , was to be different .
They were to be possessed of a democratic spirit marked by independent judgment , the freedom to measure action and to express disagreement , and the crucial responsibility never to tolerate tyranny .
All the more so now .
Anyone who ’s been paying attention for the last few years understands that the changing nature of warfare means that officers , including junior officers , are required more than ever to be able to think independently , creatively , flexibly .
To deploy a whole range of skills in a fluid and complex situation .
Lieutenant colonels who are essentially functioning as provincial governors in Iraq , or captains who find themselves in charge of a remote town somewhere in Afghanistan .
People who know how to do more than follow orders and execute routines .
Look at the most successful , most acclaimed , and perhaps the finest soldier of his generation , General David Petraeus .
He ’s one of those rare people who rises through a bureaucracy for the right reasons .
He is a thinker .
He is an intellectual .
In fact , Prospect magazine named him Public Intellectual of the Year in 2008 — that ’s in the world .
He has a Ph.D. from Princeton , but what makes him a thinker is not that he has a Ph.D. or that he went to Princeton or even that he taught at West Point .
I can assure you from personal experience that there are a lot of highly educated people who do n’t know how to think at all .
No , what makes him a thinker — and a leader — is precisely that he is able to think things through for himself .
And because he can , he has the confidence , the courage , to argue for his ideas even when they are n’t popular .
Even when they do n’t please his superiors .
Courage : there is physical courage , which you all possess in abundance , and then there is another kind of courage , moral courage , the courage to stand up for what you believe .
It was n’t always easy for him .
His path to where he is now was not a straight one .
When he was running Mosul in 2003 as commander of the 101st Airborne and developing the strategy he would later formulate in the Counterinsurgency Field Manual and then ultimately apply throughout Iraq , he pissed a lot of people off .
He was way ahead of the leadership in Baghdad and Washington , and bureaucracies do n’t like that sort of thing .
Here he was , just another two - star , and he was saying , implicitly but loudly , that the leadership was wrong about the way it was running the war .
Indeed , he was not rewarded at first .
He was put in charge of training the Iraqi army , which was considered a blow to his career , a dead - end job .
But he stuck to his guns , and ultimately he was vindicated .
Ironically , one of the central elements of his counterinsurgency strategy is precisely the idea that officers need to think flexibly , creatively , and independently .
That ’s the first half of the lecture : the idea that true leadership means being able to think for yourself and act on your convictions .
But how do you learn to do that ?
How do you learn to think ?
Let ’s start with how you do n’t learn to think .
A study by a team of researchers at Stanford came out a couple of months ago .
The investigators wanted to figure out how today ’s college students were able to multitask so much more effectively than adults .
How do they manage to do it , the researchers asked ?
The answer , they discovered — and this is by no means what they expected — is that they do n’t .
The enhanced cognitive abilities the investigators expected to find , the mental faculties that enable people to multitask effectively , were simply not there .
In other words , people do not multitask effectively .
And here ’s the really surprising finding : the more people multitask , the worse they are , not just at other mental abilities , but at multitasking itself .
One thing that made the study different from others is that the researchers did n’t test people ’s cognitive functions while they were multitasking .
They separated the subject group into high multitaskers and low multitaskers and used a different set of tests to measure the kinds of cognitive abilities involved in multitasking .
They found that in every case the high multitaskers scored worse .
They were worse at distinguishing between relevant and irrelevant information and ignoring the latter .
In other words , they were more distractible .
They were worse at what you might call “ mental filing ” : keeping information in the right conceptual boxes and being able to retrieve it quickly .
In other words , their minds were more disorganized .
And they were even worse at the very thing that defines multitasking itself : switching between tasks .
Multitasking , in short , is not only not thinking , it impairs your ability to think .
Thinking means concentrating on one thing long enough to develop an idea about it .
Not learning other people ’s ideas , or memorizing a body of information , however much those may sometimes be useful .
Developing your own ideas .
In short , thinking for yourself .
You simply cannot do that in bursts of 20 seconds at a time , constantly interrupted by Facebook messages or Twitter tweets , or fiddling with your iPod , or watching something on YouTube .
I find for myself that my first thought is never my best thought .
My first thought is always someone else ’s ; it ’s always what I ’ve already heard about the subject , always the conventional wisdom .
It ’s only by concentrating , sticking to the question , being patient , letting all the parts of my mind come into play , that I arrive at an original idea .
By giving my brain a chance to make associations , draw connections , take me by surprise .
And often even that idea does n’t turn out to be very good .
I need time to think about it , too , to make mistakes and recognize them , to make false starts and correct them , to outlast my impulses , to defeat my desire to declare the job done and move on to the next thing .
I used to have students who bragged to me about how fast they wrote their papers .
I would tell them that the great German novelist Thomas Mann said that a writer is someone for whom writing is more difficult than it is for other people .
The best writers write much more slowly than everyone else , and the better they are , the slower they write .
James Joyce wrote Ulysses , the greatest novel of the 20th century , at the rate of about a hundred words a day — half the length of the selection I read you earlier from Heart of Darkness — for seven years .
T. S. Eliot , one of the greatest poets our country has ever produced , wrote about 150 pages of poetry over the course of his entire 25 - year career .
That ’s half a page a month .
So it is with any other form of thought .
You do your best thinking by slowing down and concentrating .
Now that ’s the third time I ’ve used that word , concentrating .
Concentrating , focusing .
You can just as easily consider this lecture to be about concentration as about solitude .
Think about what the word means .
It means gathering yourself together into a single point rather than letting yourself be dispersed everywhere into a cloud of electronic and social input .
It seems to me that Facebook and Twitter and YouTube — and just so you do n’t think this is a generational thing , TV and radio and magazines and even newspapers , too — are all ultimately just an elaborate excuse to run away from yourself .
To avoid the difficult and troubling questions that being human throws in your way .
Am I doing the right thing with my life ?
Do I believe the things I was taught as a child ?
What do the words I live by — words like duty , honor , and country — really mean ?
Am I happy ?
You and the members of the other service academies are in a unique position among college students , especially today .
Not only do you know that you ’re going to have a job when you graduate , you even know who your employer is going to be .
But what happens after you fulfill your commitment to the Army ?
Unless you know who you are , how will you figure out what you want to do with the rest of your life ?
Unless you ’re able to listen to yourself , to that quiet voice inside that tells you what you really care about , what you really believe in — indeed , how those things might be evolving under the pressure of your experiences .
Students everywhere else agonize over these questions , and while you may not be doing so now , you are only postponing them for a few years .
Maybe some of you are agonizing over them now .
Not everyone who starts here decides to finish here .
It ’s no wonder and no cause for shame .
You are being put through the most demanding training anyone can ask of people your age , and you are committing yourself to work of awesome responsibility and mortal danger .
The very rigor and regimentation to which you are quite properly subject here naturally has a tendency to make you lose touch with the passion that brought you here in the first place .
I saw exactly the same kind of thing at Yale .
It ’s not that my students were robots .
Quite the reverse .
They were in­tensely idealistic , but the overwhelming weight of their practical responsibilities , all of those hoops they had to jump through , often made them lose sight of what those ideals were .
Why they were doing it all in the first place .
So it ’s perfectly natural to have doubts , or questions , or even just difficulties .
The question is , what do you do with them ?
Do you suppress them , do you distract yourself from them , do you pretend they do n’t exist ?
Or do you confront them directly , honestly , courageously ?
If you decide to do so , you will find that the answers to these dilemmas are not to be found on Twitter or Comedy Central or even in The New York Times .
They can only be found within — without distractions , without peer pressure , in solitude .
But let me be clear that solitude does n’t always have to mean introspection .
Let ’s go back to Heart of Darkness .
It ’s the solitude of concentration that saves Marlow amidst the madness of the Central Station .
When he gets there he finds out that the steamboat he ’s supposed to sail upriver has a giant hole in it , and no one is going to help him fix it .
“ I let him run on , ” he says , “ this papier - mâché Mephistopheles ” — he ’s talking not about the manager but his assistant , who ’s even worse , since he ’s still trying to kiss his way up the hierarchy , and who ’s been raving away at him .
You can think of him as the Internet , the ever - present social buzz , chattering away at you 24/7 :
I let him run on , this papier - mâché Mephistopheles and it seemed to me that if I tried I could poke my forefinger through him , and would find nothing inside but a little loose dirt .
. . .
It was a great comfort to turn from that chap to . . . the battered , twisted , ruined , tin - pot steamboat .
. . .
I had expended enough hard work on her to make me love her .
No influential friend would have served me better .
She had given me a chance to come out a bit — to find out what I could do .
No , I do n’t like work .
I had rather laze about and think of all the fine things that can be done .
I do n’t like work — no man does — but I like what is in the work , — the chance to find yourself .
Your own reality — for yourself , not for others — what no other man can ever know .
“ The chance to find yourself . ”
Now that phrase , “ finding yourself , ” has acquired a bad reputation .
It suggests an aimless liberal - arts college graduate — an English major , no doubt , someone who went to a place like Amherst or Pomona — who ’s too spoiled to get a job and spends his time staring off into space .
But here ’s Marlow , a mariner , a ship ’s captain .
A more practical , hardheaded person you could not find .
And I should say that Marlow ’s creator , Conrad , spent 19 years as a merchant marine , eight of them as a ship ’s captain , before he became a writer , so this was n’t just some artist ’s idea of a sailor .
Marlow believes in the need to find yourself just as much as anyone does , and the way to do it , he says , is work , solitary work .
Concentration .
Climbing on that steamboat and spending a few uninterrupted hours hammering it into shape .
Or building a house , or cooking a meal , or even writing a college paper , if you really put yourself into it .
“ Your own reality — for yourself , not for others . ”
Thinking for yourself means finding yourself , finding your own reality .
Here ’s the other problem with Facebook and Twitter and even The New York Times .
When you expose yourself to those things , especially in the constant way that people do now — older people as well as younger people — you are continuously bombarding yourself with a stream of other people ’s thoughts .
You are marinating yourself in the conventional wisdom .
In other people ’s reality : for others , not for yourself .
You are creating a cacophony in which it is impossible to hear your own voice , whether it ’s yourself you ’re thinking about or anything else .
That ’s what Emerson meant when he said that “ he who should inspire and lead his race must be defended from travelling with the souls of other men , from living , breathing , reading , and writing in the daily , time - worn yoke of their opinions . ”
Notice that he uses the word lead .
Leadership means finding a new direction , not simply putting yourself at the front of the herd that ’s heading toward the cliff .
So why is reading books any better than reading tweets or wall posts ?
Well , sometimes it is n’t .
Sometimes , you need to put down your book , if only to think about what you ’re reading , what you think about what you ’re reading .
But a book has two advantages over a tweet .
First , the person who wrote it thought about it a lot more carefully .
The book is the result of his solitude , his attempt to think for himself .
Second , most books are old .
This is not a disadvantage : this is precisely what makes them valuable .
They stand against the conventional wisdom of today simply because they ’re not from today .
Even if they merely reflect the conventional wisdom of their own day , they say something different from what you hear all the time .
But the great books , the ones you find on a syllabus , the ones people have continued to read , do n’t reflect the conventional wisdom of their day .
They say things that have the permanent power to disrupt our habits of thought .
They were revolutionary in their own time , and they are still revolutionary today .
And when I say “ revolutionary , ” I am deliberately evoking the American Revolution , because it was a result of precisely this kind of independent thinking .
Without solitude — the solitude of Adams and Jefferson and Hamilton and Madison and Thomas Paine — there would be no America .
So solitude can mean introspection , it can mean the concentration of focused work , and it can mean sustained reading .
All of these help you to know yourself better .
But there ’s one more thing I ’m going to include as a form of solitude , and it will seem counterintuitive : friendship .
Of course friendship is the opposite of solitude ; it means being with other people .
But I ’m talking about one kind of friendship in particular , the deep friendship of intimate conversation .
Long , uninterrupted talk with one other person .
Not Skyping with three people and texting with two others at the same time while you hang out in a friend ’s room listening to music and studying .
That ’s what Emerson meant when he said that “ the soul environs itself with friends , that it may enter into a grander self - acquaintance or solitude . ”
Introspection means talking to yourself , and one of the best ways of talking to yourself is by talking to another person .
One other person you can trust , one other person to whom you can unfold your soul .
One other person you feel safe enough with to allow you to acknowledge things — to acknowledge things to yourself — that you otherwise can’t .
Doubts you are n’t supposed to have , questions you are n’t supposed to ask .
Feelings or opinions that would get you laughed at by the group or reprimanded by the authorities .
This is what we call thinking out loud , discovering what you believe in the course of articulating it .
But it takes just as much time and just as much patience as solitude in the strict sense .
And our new electronic world has disrupted it just as violently .
Instead of having one or two true friends that we can sit and talk to for three hours at a time , we have 968 “ friends ” that we never actually talk to ; instead we just bounce one - line messages off them a hundred times a day .
This is not friendship , this is distraction .
I know that none of this is easy for you .
Even if you threw away your cell phones and unplugged your computers , the rigors of your training here keep you too busy to make solitude , in any of these forms , anything less than very difficult to find .
But the highest reason you need to try is precisely because of what the job you are training for will demand of you .
You ’ve probably heard about the hazing scandal at the U.S. naval base in Bahrain that was all over the news recently .
Terrible , abusive stuff that involved an entire unit and was orchestrated , allegedly , by the head of the unit , a senior noncommissioned officer .
What are you going to do if you ’re confronted with a situation like that going on in your unit ?
Will you have the courage to do what ’s right ?
Will you even know what the right thing is ?
It ’s easy to read a code of conduct , not so easy to put it into practice , especially if you risk losing the loyalty of the people serving under you , or the trust of your peer officers , or the approval of your superiors .
What if you ’re not the commanding officer , but you see your superiors condoning something you think is wrong ?
How will you find the strength and wisdom to challenge an unwise order or question a wrongheaded policy ?
What will you do the first time you have to write a letter to the mother of a slain soldier ?
How will you find words of comfort that are more than just empty formulas ?
These are truly formidable dilemmas , more so than most other people will ever have to face in their lives , let alone when they ’re 23 .
The time to start preparing yourself for them is now .
And the way to do it is by thinking through these issues for yourself — morality , mortality , honor — so you will have the strength to deal with them when they arise .
Waiting until you have to confront them in practice would be like waiting for your first firefight to learn how to shoot your weapon .
Once the situation is upon you , it ’s too late .
You have to be prepared in advance .
You need to know , already , who you are and what you believe : not what the Army believes , not what your peers believe ( that may be exactly the problem ) , but what you believe .
How can you know that unless you ’ve taken counsel with yourself in solitude ?
I started by noting that solitude and leadership would seem to be contradictory things .
But it seems to me that solitude is the very essence of leadership .
The position of the leader is ultimately an intensely solitary , even intensely lonely one .
However many people you may consult , you are the one who has to make the hard decisions .
And at such moments , all you really have is yourself .
Nettikasinot ovat tänä päivänä erittäin suosittuja .
On olemassa paljon sivustoja , joissa voit rekisteröityä ja aloittaa suosikki kasinopeliesi pelaamisen .
Kilpailu tällä alalla on nyt erittäin kovaa .
Nettikasino - operaattorit tuovat uusia pelejä , parempia grafiikoita , bonuksia ja tarjouksia kilpaillakseen markkinoilla .
Kun pelivaihtoehtoja on niin paljon , voi olla vaikea valita mitä pelata .
Täällä me tarjoamme pelioppaan , joka auttaa sinua valitsemaan haluamasi pelin klikkaa tästä .
Kolikkopelit
Nämä ovat yksi suosituimmista nettikasinopeleistä .
Niiden pelaaminen on helppoa ja sinulla on todella hauskaa .
Kolikkopelejä pelaamalla voi voittaa myös paljon rahaa .
Tarjolla on paljon eri teemaisia kolikkopelejä , joten sinun on helppo löytää oma suosikkisi .
Parhaimpien kolikkopelejä tarjoavien sivustojen joukkoon kuuluvat Euro Grand , 888 Casino , Casino Las Vegas , Sloto Cash , jne .
Voit nyt pelata myös teemapohjaisia kolikkopelejä .
Tulet rakastamaan näiden kolikkopelien kuvia ja miellyttäviä grafiikoita .
Nämä teemapohjaiset kolikkopelit ovat itse asiassa tarinapohjaisia , joten voit nauttia peleistä enemmän ja haluat pelata niitä uudestaan ja uudestaan .
Ruletti
Ruletti on erittäin jännittävä kasinopeli .
Nyt voit pelata sitä verkossa joko elektronisena tai liittymällä mukaan live - jakaja peliin .
Ennen rulettipyörän pyöräyttämistä pelaajien tulee asettaa vetonsa .
Vetojen tulee olla asetettu yhdelle numerolle , useammille numeroille , parillisille numeroille , parittomille numeroille tai punaiselle ja mustalle värille .
Jos rulettipyörä pysähtyy sen värisille numeroille , joille panos on asetettu , kyseinen henkilö voittaa vedon .
Tämä on yksinkertainen onnenpeli , joka on pelaamisen arvoinen .
Videopokeri
Videopokeri on nettikasinoilla erittäin suosittu peli .
Monet sivustot tarjoavat tämän tyyppisen korttipelin .
Nettikasinoilla on pelattavissa monenlaisia eri muunnelmia videopokerista .
Blackjack
Jos haluat pelata peliä , johon liittyy jonkinlaisia taitoja ja strategioita , sinun tulisi pelata blackjackia .
Se on erittäin mukava peli , joka on nyt saatavilla myös sekä pöytäkoneelle että mobiililaitteelle .
Tavoitteenasi on saada tulokseksi 21 .
Jos saat vähemmän kuin 21 , mutta enemmän kuin jakaja , myös silloin voitat .
Suurin osa nettikasinoista tarjoaa blackjackia , kun taas joillakin on tarjolla jopa live - jakaja blackjackia .
Craps
Tässä pelissä sinun täytyy lyödä vetoa nopan heiton tai useiden heittojen tuloksesta .
Tämä on erittäin yksinkertainen peli pelata ja silti erittäin jännittävä .
Huudat joka kerta kun noppia heitetään .
Useimmat nettikasinot tarjoavat tätä peliä .
Baccarat
Tämän pelin teki tunnetuksi elokuva ‘ Casino Royale ’ , jossa James Bondin nähtiin pelaavan sitä kasinolla .
Pelin säännöt ovat hyvin yksinkertaiset ja kun tunnet oikeat strategiat , sinulla on paremmat mahdollisuudet voittaa pelissä .
Kaikki näistä peleistä ovat erittäin suosittuja nettikasinoilla .
Useimmat tunnetuista kasinosivustoista tarjoavat näitä pelejä asiakkailleen .
Sinun tarvitsee vain tietää säännöt , ennen kuin aloitat pelaamisen .
Kainot tarjoavat paljon bonuksia ja mahdollisuuksia kokeilla pelejä ilmaiseksi .
Näin voit oikeasti oppia pelin ennen kuin käytät rahaa ja vähennät riskiä hävitä ensimmäisellä
“ The world ’s largest shopping mall is almost entirely empty , ” says a headline now making its way around the Internet .
The mall is not one of America ’s consumer emporia .
It is not in the US at all .
Instead , it is in the Middle Kingdom … and twice as large as the “ Mall of the Americas . ”
The world did not end in 2009 .
Two things are widely reported to have saved it – stimulus in the West and China in the East .
Harvard economist Robert Barro , writing in The Wall Street Journal , considered the effect of stimulus spending on the US economy .
The US government ’s 2009 program was originally expected to cost $ 787 billion .
Now it is estimated to come in with a final price tag of $ 862 billion .
What do you get for that kind of money , he wondered ?
The initial spending appears to work , since the government is spending money without raising taxes to pay for it .
But the money has to come from somewhere .
Tax receipts inevitably have to go up .
Both spending and taxing are subject to “ multipliers , ” says Barro .
Mr. Barro calculates that each dollar of public stimulus spending has a net cost of $ 1.50 in foregone private spending .
A “ bad deal … there ’s no such thing as a free lunch , ” even in fiscal stimulus , he concludes .
Stimulus spending is a net negative in the US ; what about in China ?
The China story is largely a stimulus story too .
China ’s stimulus , compared to GDP , is the world ’s largest ever – four times the size of America ’s stimulus program .
When bank loan volume is determined by central planners you are asking for trouble .
But last year , faced with a downturn in demand from their main customer , the Chinese authorities put out the word to banks – increase loans .
Loan volume approximately doubled – to $ 1.4 trillion – the greatest increase , in GDP terms , ever – equal to a quarter of the entire national output .
Investment spending has long been an oversize part of the Chinese economy .
As Americans spent too much , the Chinese invested too much in factories in order to make them things they could buy – just as the Japanese had done before them .
Investment spending in China increased 200 % since 2001 , making it the world ’s biggest buyer of raw materials – by a huge margin .
Chinese output is less than 10 % of the world ’s total but China consumes 30 % of the world ’s aluminum , 40 % of its copper and 47 % of its steel .
Where does all this stuff go ?
Thanks to China ’s visionary central planners , it goes just where it is not needed most – into more infrastructure and output capacity .
Last year , 90 % of China ’s growth came from this fixed investment spending .
There are about five times as many rivers in the US and five times as many cars … but China now has nearly as many bridges … three quarters as much road surface .
But with easy credit , the connivance of local officials , and the blessing of the central government , it builds more .
Last year , approximately one out of every four square feet of commercial office space in Beijing were empty – about 100 million square feet of zombie space .
All over town are dark buildings … the Minsheng Financial Center …concrete and glass towers on Financial Street … the China Life Plaza … the Bank of Communications .
This year , the vacancy rate will go up to 30 % … possibly 50 % , depending on whose estimates you believe .
In Eastern Beijing , officials are doubling the size of the Central Business District , even though the vacancy rate there is above 35 % already .
Overall , the city will add another 13 million square feet of commercial space .
Outside Beijing , the zombies are multiplying too .
Whole cities are empty .
And in the suburbs of Huairou , a mock alpine village … with a 200ft clock tower …rises improbably in the industrial suburbs .
Called the “ Spring Legend , ” its publicists must be the same people who write fortune cookie forecasts :
“ The air is so fresh it penetrates your heart , ” says the sales pitch .
You would normally dismiss such descriptions as puffery .
But in China ’s industrial suburbs the air is often so acidic that it might penetrate the skull too .
National politicians determine the availability of capital .
Local ones have a hand in ‘ investing ’ it .
Typically , development projects involve bankers , developers , and local politicians – much like Japan ’s huge public works ’ projects of the past 20 years .
Local governments are deep in debt – with total local government debt equal to about a third of GDP .
But they keep spending .
In Huaxi , for example , they ’re still planning to build the world ’s second tallest building , a few feet shorter than Dubai ’s pyrrhic monument .
Huaxi is also the home of the New Sky Village … another project that is lost in the toxic clouds .
Property prices are still spiking up .
People are still speculating .
Ships with dirt and rocks still head for Chinese ports .
The capital spending boom goes on .
It looks like growth .
But it is zombie growth .
People build bridges to nowhere rather than working for profit - making enterprises .
Concrete is used to put up cities where no one lives .
Savings that might have been used to start a new bank is instead used to prop up an old one .
Japan has been doing it for years .
Encouraged by government miscues in the ’ 80s , private industry created Japan ’s zombies .
Then , after the bubble burst , the government kept them alive .
They ’ve been sucking blood from the living ever since .
Add / view comments on this post .
------------------------------
The Christian Science Monitor has assembled a diverse group of the best economy - related bloggers out there .
Our guest bloggers are not employed or directed by the Monitor and the views expressed are the bloggers ' own , as is responsibility for the content of their blogs .
To contact us about a blogger , click here .
To add or view a comment on a guest blog , please go to the blogger 's own site by clicking on the link above .
Update at bottom : Former UK spy chief says US ‘ misled ’ allies on torture
The waterboarding sessions that terrorist suspects were subjected to during the Bush administration were “ administered with meticulous cruelty ” and were in part designed so that detainees acted as “ guinea pigs ” for future interrogation sessions , says an exhaustive new report .
ADVERTISEMENT
The report also shows that the interrogation methods were so harsh that some detainees “ simply gave up and tried to let themselves drown . ”
Drawing on numerous documents about the CIA ’s torture program that have been released over the past year , Mark Benjamin at Salon.com reports that interrogators went to extreme lengths to ensure that detainees were pushed to their physical limits , including feeding the detainees a liquid diet to make them more capable of ingesting large quantities of water , and replacing their water with a saline solution that would keep detainees from dying when they ingested too much water .
[ T ]he CIA forced such massive quantities of water into the mouths and noses of detainees , prisoners inevitably swallowed huge amounts of liquid – enough to conceivably kill them from hyponatremia , a rare but deadly condition in which ingesting enormous quantities of water results in a dangerously low concentration of sodium in the blood .
Benjamin notes that , according to a leaked 2007 report from the Red Cross , doctors were present at the sessions and measured detainees ’ blood oxygen levels , allowing interrogators to bring detainees “ close to death — but help them from crossing the line . ”
Benjamin reports that the waterboarding sessions were “ so excruciating ” that some detainees simply decided not to struggle and let themselves drown .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ In our limited experience , extensive sustained use of the waterboard can introduce new risks , ” the article quotes the CIA ’s Office of Medical Services in a 2003 memo .
“ Most seriously , for reasons of physical fatigue or psychological resignation , the subject may simply give up , allowing excessive filling of the airways and loss of consciousness . ”
That same memo “ seems to say that the detainees subjected to waterboarding were also guinea pigs , ” Benjamin reports .
He cites the last paragraph of that report , which states that “ [ i ] n order to best inform future medical judgments and recommendations , it is important that every application of the waterboard be thoroughly documented …. ”
Spencer Ackerman at the Washington Independent reports that the details of waterboarding revealed in recently released documents back up the claims of Abu Zubaydah , the high - profile terror suspect who was waterboarded 183 times in one month .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It ’s one thing for a terrorist to testify to ill treatment , ” Ackerman writes .
“ It ’s another for CIA documentation to corroborate his account .
Clearly Abu Zubaydah was drowned .
As Benjamin observes , this is not the “ dunking ” that Dick Cheney describes .
Whatever apologists like Marc Thiessen might say , the people who performed this torture knew full well that they were torturing people like Abu Zubaydah . ”
Benjamin describes the “ meticulous cruelty ” with which the waterboarding program was carried out .
ADVERTISEMENT
The agency used a gurney “ specially designed ” to tilt backwards at a perfect angle to maximize the water entering the prisoner ’s nose and mouth , intensifying the sense of choking – and to be lifted upright quickly in the event that a prisoner stopped breathing …
Interrogators were instructed to start pouring water right after a detainee exhaled , to ensure he inhaled water , not air , in his next breath .
They could use their hands to “ dam the runoff ” and prevent water from spilling out of a detainee ’s mouth .
They were allowed six separate 40 - second “ applications ” of liquid in each two - hour session – and could dump water over a detainee ’s nose and mouth for a total of 12 minutes a day .
Finally , to keep detainees alive even if they inhaled their own vomit during a session – a not - uncommon side effect of waterboarding – the prisoners were kept on a liquid diet .
The agency recommended Ensure Plus .
“ The so - called science here is a total departure from any ethics or any legitimate purpose , ” the article quotes Dr. Scott Allen of the Center for Prisoner Health and Human Rights .
“ They are saying , ‘ This is how risky and harmful the procedure is , but we are still going to do it . ’
It just sounds like lunacy . …
This fine - tuning of torture is unethical , incompetent and a disgrace to medicine . ”
Many details of the waterboarding program — from its controversial green - lighting by White House lawyers to its execution — have been made public through document releases over the past year .
Most recently , a report from the Justice Department ’s Office of Professional Responsibility found that the torture memo authors — lawyers Jay Bybee and John Yoo — showed “ poor conduct ” in sanctioning the practice , but should avoid legal responsibility because their behavior did n’t rise to a violation of professional obligations .
ADVERTISEMENT
That report unveiled a number of interesting details about the enhanced interrogation program , including evidence that the psychologists involved in designing the interrogations wanted to use mock burials to intimidate detainees .
UPDATE
The former head of MI5 , Britain ’s spy agency , says the United States misled its closest ally in the post - 9/11 era about its torture practices , and kept the agency in the dark about “ enhanced interrogation ” practices such as waterboarding .
The “ Americans were very keen to conceal from us what was happening , as they were from many of their own people , ” Eliza Manningham - Buller told a question - and - answer session at Britain ’s Parliament Tuesday , as quoted by the Associated Press .
Manningham - Buller , who served as head of MI5 from 2002 to 2007 , during most of the period in which the Bush administration was engaged in torture practices , said her lack of knowledge about the waterboarding program caused her to be confused about the results the US was getting in its interrogations of terrorism suspects .
The AP reports :
ADVERTISEMENT
NASA this morning used a United Launch Alliance Atlas rocket to blast its 6,800 lb Solar Dynamics Observatory into an orbit 22,300 miles above Earth .
The $ 808 million spacecraft will ultimately study the Sun and send back what NASA called a prodigious rush of pictures about sunspots , solar flares and a variety of other never - before - seen solar events .
The idea is to get a better idea of how the Sun works and let scientists better forecast the space weather to offer earlier warnings to protect astronauts and satellites , NASA said .
The Solar Dynamics Observatory will deliver high resolution images of the Sun ten times better than the average High - Definition television to help scientists understand more about the Sun and its disruptive influence on services like communications systems on Earth .
Specifically , NASA says the SDO will beam back 150 million bits of data per second , 24 hours a day , seven days a week .
That 's almost 50 times more science data than any other mission in NASA history .
It 's like downloading 500,000 iTunes a day , NASA stated .
Layer 8 Extra : NASA telescopes watch cosmic violence , mysteries unravel
Key to the satellite 's operation will be three high tech telescopes :
The Helioseismic and Magnetic Imager ( HMI ) will look into the sun and map the plasma flows that generate magnetic fields .
HMI will also map the surface of the magnetic field , NASA said .
The Atmospheric Imaging Assembly ( AIA ) will image the solar atmosphere in multiple wavelengths that cannot be seen from the ground .
The idea is that HMI and AIA will link changes on the solar surface to the sun 's interior , NASA said .
AIA filters cover 10 different wavelength bands , or colors , selected to reveal key aspects of solar activity .
The bulk of SDO 's data stream will come from these telescopes , NASA said .
The Extreme Ultraviolet Variability Experiment ( EVE ) will measure how much radiant energy the sun emits at extreme ultraviolet wavelengths - light that is so completely absorbed by our atmosphere it can only be measured from space , NASA said .
The satellite will also be placed in what NASA called a unique orbit .
Unlike a geostationary orbit , which would keep the spacecraft above the same area of Earth all the time , the satellite will trace a figure - eight path above Earth , NASA said .
The orbit will let SDO watch the sun almost 24 hours a day , seven days a week , for at least five years with only brief interruptions as Earth passes between SDO and the sun , NASA said .
To gather data from SDO 's instruments , NASA has set up a pair of dedicated radio antennas near Las Cruces , New Mexico .
The orbit will also let high resolution images be recorded every three quarters of a second , producing enough data to fill a single CD every 36 seconds , NASA said .
The SDO will providing in - depth information about the Sun 's magnetic fields and space weather generated by solar flares and violent eruptions from the Sun 's atmosphere known as Coronal Mass Ejections .
Such powerful ejections are of particular interest because they can carry a billion tons of solar material into space at over a million kilometers per hour .
Such events can expose astronauts to deadly particle doses , can disable satellites , cause power grid failures on Earth and disrupt communications .
Layer 8 in a box
Check out these other hot stories :
US National Climate Service to monitor world of climate change
Social Milky
Way space exploration project cranks up world 's second fastest " supercomputer "
NASA moves quickly to advance commercial space operations
NASA facing game - changing times
Military 's robotic pack mule comes to life for $ 32 M
NASA has tons of cool space technologies that may never get to space
NSF earmarks $ 30 M for game - changing Internet research
Venerable B - 52 bomber gets network centric
Slick algorithm helps spot tech trouble in everything from networks to satellites
IBM , researchers get 24M DOE supercomputer hours to develop controversial lithium air battery
In prepared testimony before the Senate Armed Services Committee this morning , Gen. David Petraeus delivered the message that , as we ’ve been writing over the last few days , Mark Parry reported on Saturday .
Here ’s the money quote :
Insufficient progress toward a comprehensive Middle East peace .
The enduring hostilities between Israel and some of its neighbors present distinct challenges to our ability to advance our interests in the AOR .
Israeli - Palestinian tensions often flare into violence and large - scale armed confrontations .
The conflict foments anti-American sentiment , due to a perception of U.S. favoritism for Israel .
Arab anger over the Palestinian question limits the strength and depth of U.S. partnerships with governments and peoples in the AOR and weakens the legitimacy of moderate regimes in the Arab world .
Meanwhile , al - Qaeda and other militant groups exploit that anger to mobilize support .
The conflict also gives Iran influence in the Arab world through its clients , Lebanese Hizballah and Hamas .
One can expect that some of the senators in attendance will want to follow up with questions on this , and it will be interesting to see how Petraeus elaborates .
Part of the hearing , however , will be in closed session , so we ’ll have to wait to see what leaks from that .
In any event , Petraeus ’ willingness to publicly — and in uniform with all those decorations on his chest — make the connection between Israeli treatment of the Palestinians and the spread of “ anti-American sentiment ” and the deterioration of the U.S. position in the region — a connection which , of course , is completely evident to any casual observer of Middle East — marks what can only be considered a major breakthrough in the debate over the relationship between the United States and Israel .
And now that the neo-conservatives , staunch supporters of Bibi Netanyahu , have built up Petraeus as the greatest U.S. military commander since World War II , and , thanks to Bill Kristol , a presidential candidate to die for , how will they react ?
Remember , Petraeus is due to receive the 2010 Irving Kristol Award at the American Enterprise Institute ( AEI ) in May !
When it comes to Instagram , we ’re all a little guilty of being a bit braggadocios .
But these kids take it to a whole new level of douche .
Santiago , Chile ( CNN ) -- U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon arrived Friday in earthquake - damaged Chile , which endured two more strong aftershocks while working to recover from last week 's devastating earthquake and tsunami .
" I'm here to express [ the ] solidarity of the United Nations , of the international community , to the people and government of Chile , " Ban told reporters at the airport in the capital , Santiago .
" I know that this is one of the worst natural disasters in recent history of Chile ; at the same time , I 'm very moved to see such strong courage and fortitude and resilience of Chilean people , " Ban said .
Earlier , shortly before 9 a.m. Friday , an aftershock with a magnitude of 6.6 struck the area , the U.S. Geological Survey said .
The aftershock followed another with a 6.0 magnitude , the survey said .
The two are the latest in scores of aftershocks that have hit after the massive magnitude 8.8 earthquake and subsequent tsunami Saturday .
Full coverage of Chile 's earthquake
Friday 's aftershocks did not cause any known injuries or damage , Chile 's National Emergency Office said , and the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's Tsunami Center did not issue any warnings .
The tsunami and 8.8 magnitude earthquake -- the fifth - strongest worldwide since 1900 -- killed hundreds of people and toppled buildings , particularly in the Maule region along the coast .
Shocking scenes hours after quake
Roads were torn up and power was cut off in many areas .
Thousands have been left homeless .
Food , water and the restoration of basic services , such as electricity , are top priorities , said the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Human Affairs .
The Chilean government , which is leading the rescue and relief efforts , has asked the United Nations for items such as field hospitals with surgical facilities , dialysis centers , generators , satellite phones , structural damage evaluation systems , saltwater purifying systems , mobile bridges and field kitchens .
Ban said Friday that he will talk to Chilean President Michelle Bachelet and President - elect Sebastian Pinera about how the United Nations can best help .
Pinera , a conservative billionaire businessman , takes office next week .
The secretary - general said he will visit hard - hit Concepcion to assess the damage and will bring the matter to the United Nations .
" Now it is time for the United Nations and international community to stand with the Chilean people and government , " he said , after noting the Chileans ' generosity in helping Haiti after its 7.0 earthquake on January 12 .
That quake flattened much of the Haitian capital , Port - au - Prince , and killed hundreds of thousands of people .
A 24 - hour telethon , " Chile Helps Chile , " which organizers hope will raise $ 27 million for earthquake victims , was scheduled for Friday .
Residents in devastated Constitucion expressed a determination to rebuild .
" It very hard , but it 's not impossible .
We have to be strong ; we have to reinvent ourselves , " said resident Antonieta Biachi .
" You have to start from scratch ; there is no other option . "
Though he is not yet in office , Pinera has named six officials to lead recovery efforts .
More than 13,000 soldiers and other military personnel have been dispatched to restore order in the earthquake - damaged area .
Food and water began to arrive earlier this week in Concepcion , and officials said they distributed 3,500 aid packages Wednesday .
But many residents have complained that federal aid has been slow to arrive .
A six -member U.S. Agency for International Development disaster response team has been sent to Chile to assist with relief effort , said State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley .
The team should arrive Saturday , he said .
A USAID contractor also is embedded with the Chilean National Emergency Response Office , the country 's equivalent of the U.S. Federal Emergency Management Agency .
The United States sent 71 satellite phones , plastic sheeting and two mobile water treatment units , the U.S. State Department said .
Six more water treatment units are to arrive within a week .
A field hospital and two C - 130 aircraft to assist with moving supplies around the country have also been deployed .
The United States also sent $ 1 million to the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies to aid their efforts .
Bachelet toured parts of central and southern Chile on Thursday .
She visited Talcahuano , where the tsunami roared through many parts of the seaport town .
Bachelet also toured Talca , the capital of Maule .
" This is the time for action , " she said later Thursday on returning to Santiago , where she met leaders of the Catholic Church , a partner in providing help in the quake 's aftermath .
The top priority remained the needs of survivors , followed by reconstruction efforts , Bachelet said .
Chile has announced three days of national mourning beginning Sunday .
Every house has been authorized to hang the national flag in memory of those who perished .
The death toll was revised downward Thursday as authorities reviewed discrepancies in the reported number of dead in the Maule region .
The casualty count there included more than 200 people who are missing but not confirmed dead , said Deputy Interior Minister Patricio Rosende .
Therefore , the official nationwide death toll is lower than the 802 figure given by emergency authorities .
To limit confusion , Rosende read aloud the names of 279 Chileans who had been killed and identified by Thursday evening .
He said would update that official number regularly .
The new tally does not account for hundreds of unidentified victims .
With disasters of this magnitude , " the number of dead change daily , " Rosende said .
" It takes months sometimes to compile the information , because one of the biggest problems in the affected areas is the lack of precision and uncertainty at the scene . "
Despite the disaster , the Chilean Davis Cup tennis team will open competition Saturday in Coquimbo , Chile , against Israel .
Team officials and players said they would be playing in honor of quake victims .
" It will be difficult , but we will do our best for our country , " said player Fernando Gonzalez .
CNN 's Brian Byrnes , Sara Sidner , David Ariosto , Elise Labott , and Karl Penhaul contributed to this report .
Here ’s an idea for those of you who are looking for photography clients of any kind :
Offer portraits and other kinds of photographs at your local farmers market for a nickel .
In the above video by Michael Hanson for the NYTimes , architect John Morefield describes how he offers architecture advice at his local farmers market for a nickel .
While a whole day of doing this might net less than a dollar , Hanson found 100 % of his work for a year using this creative way to connect with potential clients .
Photographers might be able to do the same thing .
Why not set up a booth in your local farmers market and offer portraits or photography help / advice for 5 cents ?
You could take down email addresses , pass out business cards , and later email photographs to your nickel “ clients ” .
If 5 cents would create too much work in terms of emailing photographs , you could increase the price or tweak the strategy to your liking .
( via A Photo Editor )
Koalition uneinig über Netzsperren Silvio Duwe
FDP und CDU / CSU diskutieren öffentlich über Netzsperren - und liegen dabei weit auseinander
Laut dem Fremdwörterbuch des Dudenverlages ist eine Koalition eine Vereinigung mehrerer Parteien zur Durchsetzung ihrer Ziele .
Die liegen bei der derzeitigen Regierungskoalition aus CDU / CSU und FDP jedoch augenscheinlich äußerst weit auseinander .
Dies zeigt die gestrige Debatte über die Bekämpfung der Kinderpornographie im Internet .
Sowohl CDU / CSU als auch die FDP hatten zu einer offenen Anhörung mit Experten geladen – in getrennten Räumen .
Ein Versehen , wie aus Koalitionskreisen zu hören war .
Man habe die Termine untereinander schlecht abgestimmt .
Alle Bilder : Silvio Duwe
Sechs Experten hatte die Union geladen , um herauszufinden , wie die Bekämpfung der Kinderpornographie im Internet in Zukunft möglichst effektiv gestaltet werden kann .
Das Ergebnis der Veranstaltung , die von Julia Freifrau von und zu Weiler , Geschäftsführerin des in die Kritik geratenen Kinderschutz - Vereins Innocence in Danger ( Präsidentin : Stephanie Freifrau von und zu Guttenberg ) mit drastischen Fallbeispielen eingeleitet wurde , so scheint es , stand schon vorher fest .
Allein ein einzelner Film , der den schweren sexuellen Missbrauch eines Kindes zeige , sei in einem Monat 48.000 Mal heruntergeladen worden , so von Weiler .
Für die Opfer ist das Wissen , dass ihr Missbrauch dokumentiert und für jeden im Netz abrufbar sei , wie ein immer wieder erneut begangener Missbrauch , so die Psychologin weiter .
Für Dr. Hans - Peter
Uhl , der die Sitzung leitete , stand nach diesem Eingangsstatement fest : Jeder , der sagt , er könne da nichts machen , " versündigt sich an Kindern . "
Julia von Weiler
Die Frage , welche Maßnahmen ergriffen werden könnten , beantwortete der Präsident des Bundeskriminalamtes , Jörg Ziercke .
Das Hauptanliegen des BKA sei es , Täter und Opfer auf den Aufnahmen zu identifizieren , um einen eventuell noch immer andauernden Missbrauch zu stoppen .
Darüber hinaus möchte das Bundeskriminalamt auch den Zugriff auf entsprechende Angebote im Netz verhindern oder zumindest erschweren .
Seit dem Jahr 2000 sei eine Kommerzialisierung der Angebote im World Wide Web zu erkennen .
Zwar sei die Mehrzahl der Angebote derzeit nicht kostenpflichtig , jedoch gebe es Anbieter , die monatlich zwischen 80 bis 150 US - Dollar für den Zugang zu Kinderpornographie verlangen würden , so der BKA - Präsident .
Einzelne Seiten erzielten so Einnahmen von 1,3 Millionen US - Dollar pro Woche .
Da zudem die Nachfrage nach Kinderpornographie den sexuellen Missbrauch fördere , steht für Ziercke fest , dass gegen die entsprechenden Angebote im Netz vorgegangen werden muss .
BKA Evaluationsergebnisse
Jedoch , so gibt der BKA - Präsident zu bedenken , funktioniere die Verpflichtung zum Löschen lediglich bei deutschen Providern gut , im Ausland gebe es dagegen Probleme .
Seit Januar evaluiert das Bundeskriminalamt , wie auf Anfragen im Ausland , kinderpornographische Inhalte aus dem Netz zu nehmen , reagiert wird .
Erste Zahlen präsentierte Ziercke auf der Sitzung der CDU / CSU .
So seien im Januar 104 und im Februar nochmals 180 Anfragen vom BKA an das Ausland weitergegeben worden .
Nach einer
Woche waren jedoch nach Aussage von Ziercke im Januar noch 14 Prozent der beanstandeten Inhalte im Netz , im Februar seien es gar 50 Prozent gewesen .
In beiden Monaten gingen dabei die meisten Anfragen in die USA , gefolgt von den Niederlanden und Russland , die jedoch die Plätze im Februar tauschten .
Ganz andere Zahlen nannte in diesem Zusammenhang Alexandra Koch , die den Verband der deutschen Internetwirtschaft ( eco ) vertrat und die Internet - Beschwerdestelle Inhope vorstellte .
Ihren Angaben zufolge gelingt die Löschung von Kinderpornographie im Netz in nahezu 100 Prozent aller Fälle , und das nicht nur in Deutschland , sondern auch im Ausland .
Da jedoch das Vorgehen in den einzelnen Staaten unterschiedlich sei , gebe es Unterschiede in der Bearbeitungsdauer , so Koch .
Während in Russland im Schnitt nach drei Tagen die Inhalte entfernt würden , dauere es in den USA länger , da dort die Hinweise zunächst an die Strafverfolgungsbehörden weitergegeben würden und nach einer Woche dann eine Prüfung erfolge , ob die Inhalte aus dem Netz genommen wurden oder nicht .
Erst danach gehe man dann direkt an den Provider heran .
Da der größte Teil der Länder , in denen Server mit Kinderpornographie stehen , Mitglied bei Inhope sei , sieht man beim eco keinen Bedarf für Netzsperren .
Ähnlich sieht es auch Constanze Kurz vom Chaos Computer Club .
Sie hält die Beschwerdestelle für eine unterstützenswerte Einrichtung .
Jedoch müsse es das Ziel sein , die Löschzeit auf unter 24 Stunden zu senken .
Zudem forderte sie , Inhope in der Öffentlichkeit bekannter zu machen , da viele Nutzer nicht wüssten , wo sie entsprechende Inhalte melden können .
Weiterhin sei es notwendig , auch die Möglichkeit einer anonymen Meldung zu schaffen , um die Hemmschwelle zur Nutzung des Dienstes weiter abzusenken .
Auch eine Ausweitung von verdachtsunabhängigen Kontrollen im Netz , beispielsweise in Tauschbörsen , sei notwendig .
Ingo Wellenreuther
Die Abgeordneten der CDU / CSU nutzten die auf die Expertenanhörung folgende Diskussion , um ihrem Unmut über die Zugeständnisse an die FDP beim Sperrgesetz Luft zu machen .
So erklärte der ehemalige Richter Ingo Wellenreuther : " Wenn man da die Grundsätze der Logik anwendet , muss man sagen , es hilft vielleicht nicht viel und auch nicht entscheidend , aber es hilft , wenn man eben im Internet solche Sperrmöglichkeiten einrichtet .
Deswegen sage ich auch ganz offen , ich habe überhaupt kein Verständnis für das , was im Koalitionsvertrag vereinbart worden ist . "
Aus seiner Sicht gebe es keinen Grund , das Löschen der Inhalte weiter zu evaluieren , da er mit dem Ergebnis nicht zufrieden sei .
Die von Constanze Kurz und Alexandra Koch angesprochene Gefahr des Overblockings lässt er als Argument nicht gelten .
" Deswegen schaffen wir das Strafgesetzbuch ja auch nicht ab , weil wir nicht alle Fehler erfassen können oder weil es manchmal Exzesse gibt . "
Dass das Sperrgesetz außer Kraft gesetzt wurde , sei für ihn ein " untragbarer Zustand " , so Wellenreuther weiter .
Alexandra Koch
Für einige Fraktionsmitglieder der Christdemokraten offenbar überraschend meldete der Liberale Jimmy Schulz an dieser Position Kritik an und mahnte den Koalitionspartner , sich an den ausgehandelten Koalitionsvertrag zu halten .
" Was wir damit schaffen , sind die Gelben Seiten der Kinderpornographie im Internet .
Und damit helfen wir solchen Leuten an diese Sachen heranzukommen viel mehr , als wenn wir einfach nur ein Deckmäntelchen davorziehen .
Wir wollen aber hingucken und löschen , weil wir wissen dass das geht . " , so Schulz .
Dieser Auftritt irritierte einige Mitglieder der CDU / CSU - Fraktion derart , dass sich Hans - Peter
Uhl genötigt sah , seine Parteikollegen daran zu erinnern , dass es sich um eine fraktionsoffene Sitzung handele , bei der auch ein FDP - Mitglied das Recht hat , das Wort zu ergreifen .
Jimmy Schulz
Die Frage von Dr. Günter Krings ( CDU ) , ob das BKA bereits versucht hätte , direkt an ausländische Provider heranzutreten , um eine Löschung zu bewirken , verneinte BKA - Präsident Ziercke mit dem Hinweis , dass auch Inhope damit keinen sonderlichen Erfolg habe .
" Auch Inhope hat es trotz des weltweiten Netzes nicht geschafft , weltweit das ganze Thema vor diesem Hintergrund so einzuschränken , dass man das nachhaltig spürt . " , so Ziercke .
Außerdem handele es sich beim BKA um eine Behörde , die sich an Regeln halten müsse , weswegen es ihm unmöglich sei , direkt an ausländische Privatanbieter heranzutreten .
" Also ich glaube , wir würden es uns auch verbitten , wenn der CIA oder das FBI oder der chinesische Nachrichtendienst oder wer auch immer hier in Deutschland dafür sorgen will , dass bestimmte Dinge gesperrt oder gelöscht werden sollen .
Nur noch einmal vom Grundprinzip her : Dass eine Behörde einen Privaten im Ausland auffordert , etwas zu tun , das kann ich schlicht nicht " , so Ziercke .
Es sei lediglich möglich , über Verbindungsbeamte in den entsprechenden Ländern auf eine Löschung hinzuwirken .
BKA - Präsident Ziercke
Während die CDU / CSU auf ihrer fraktionsoffenen Sitzung größtenteils unter sich über Kinderpornographie im Internet debattierte , hielt ein paar Räume weiter auf einer öffentlichen Veranstaltung der FDP zum Thema Kinderpornographie im Internet Frank Ackermann als Vizepräsident von Inhope einen Vortrag über die Arbeit der Internet - Beschwerdestelle .
Der Vorgang steht geradezu symbolisch für eine Regierung , die offensichtlich nicht in der Lage ist , sich auf eine politische Richtschnur für die nächsten vier Jahre zu einigen .
Denn nicht nur räumlich , auch inhaltlich lagen die gestrigen Veranstaltungen ein gutes Stück voneinander entfernt , wie Jimmy Schulz im Gespräch mit Telepolis deutlich machte .
Er zeigte sich erstaunt über die öffentliche Infragestellung des Koalitionsvertrages durch die CDU / CSU .
Ein neuer Anlauf für Netzsperren sei mit der FDP nicht zu machen .
Vergessen scheinen die Zeiten , da der Koalitionsvertrag unterschrieben wurde , in dem steht , dass statt einer Sperrung kinderpornographischer Inhalte deren Löschung betrieben werden soll .
Die Union scheint wieder im Wahlkampf angekommen zu sein , in dem sie mit dem Prinzip der einfachen Antworten punkten wollte .
Bedenkt man , dass selbst die Regierung von einer einheitlichen Linie in der Netzpolitik meilenweit entfernt ist , so lässt dies für die kommende Enquete - Kommission , die sich fraktionsübergreifend mit dem Thema " Internet und digitale Gesellschaft " befassen soll , nichts Gutes erahnen .
Dabei wäre ein erster Schritt , miteinander zu reden .
Kurz dem Ende der Sitzung kritisierte Innocence in Danger - Geschäftsführerin von Weiler die Schnelligkeit , mit der das Internet - Sperrgesetz noch vor den Neuwahlen durchgebracht wurde .
" Und ich hätte mir damals auch gewünscht , dass der Chaos Computer Club oder der Arbeitskreis Zensur , dass die Fronten nicht so verhärtet gewesen wären .
Das hat mich immer zutiefst betrübt , dass das so war " , so von Weiler weiter und bot Constanze Kurz an , miteinander ins Gespräch zu kommen .
Beide unterhielten sich noch , als die restlichen Sitzungsteilnehmer schon längst den Raum verlassen hatten .
Die schwarz - gelbe Koalition könnte sich daran ein Beispiel nehmen .
( Silvio Duwe )
Washington , D.C. – Speaker Nancy Pelosi released this statement following her 90 - minute meeting with Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin on COVID - 19 relief :
Greek police clash with students in Athens as thousands march on anniversary of death of Alexandros Grigoropoulos
Police fired teargas at rioters who threw rocks and firecrackers in central Athens as thousands gathered to mark the first anniversary of the police shooting of a teenager .
Clashes broke out as about 3,000 people , mostly students , anarchists and leftists , began a march to parliament .
More protests were expected tomorrow .
An evening memorial service was planned in the Exarchia district , where 15 - year - old Alexandros Grigoropoulos was shot dead .
Violence also broke out in Thessaloniki , Greece 's second - largest city , where demonstrators threw petrol bombs at police and smashed the front of a Starbucks cafe .
More than 6,000 police were deployed across greater Athens amid fears that the demonstrations under way in the capital and other Greek cities would turn increasingly violent .
Concern was heightened by reports that far - left groups and anarchists from other European countries have travelled to Greece for the protests .
Grigoropoulos was shot by a policeman on the evening of 6 December 2008 , in Exarchia , a central Athens neighbourhood of bars and cafes popular with anarchist groups .
Within a few hours of his death , riots spread from the capital to several cities , taking the government by surprise .
An embattled police force took a passive approach as rioters looted and burned shops in violence that lasted two weeks .
The new socialist government , which has faced a spate of attacks by far - left and anarchist groups , since coming to power in October , has vowed not to tolerate any violence during today 's anniversary .
Police yesterday detained about 160 youths and raided what they described as a firebomb - making hideout in the district of Keratsini , near the port of Piraeus .
A memorial gathering last night at the spot where Grigoropoulos was killed began peacefully , although clashes broke out in the area later between rock - throwers and riot police .
Police arrested 14 people , including five Italians and three Albanians .
Dozens of police , some in riot gear and others on motorbikes , stood guard throughout the district on Saturday night .
Apart from the brief clash , the area was quiet , with heavy rain helping keep people off the streets .
Greece 's civil protection minister , Michalis Chrisochoidis , who is also in charge of the police , said earlier this week that people had been right to demonstrate against the teenager 's death , but further riots would not be tolerated .
" Without doubt ( Grigoropoulos 's death ) was an act of extreme police violence and misconduct that has scarred our collective memory , " Chrisochoidis said .
" Young people were right to take to the streets to express their outrage .
But we will not tolerate a repeat of the violence and terror in the centre of Athens and other cities .
We will not surrender Athens to vandals . "
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Google
Inc said that it expects the rates that companies pay for search ads on mobile phones could surpass the rates of its existing PC - based ad business thanks to the growing popularity of powerful smartphones .
Peter Chou , chief executive of HTC , holds the Google Nexus
One phone his company will produce , running the Android platform , during a news conference at Google headquarters in Mountain View , California January 5 , 2010 file photo .
REUTERS / Robert Galbraith
Google Engineering Vice President Vic Gundotra did not say when he expected the crossover in the so - called cost per click of its search ads to occur , during a webcast to analysts about the company ’s mobile business on Monday .
But he said that mobile ad rates have increased “ dramatically ” in recent years .
And he noted that the number of Google searches on mobile phones have increased five - fold in the last two years .
“ We hope and believe that there ’s even a chance that we could exceed desktop in the future , ” Gundotra said in reference to the cost per click of mobile ads .
He cited the availability of technology , such as the GPS data that can tell Google a phone user ’s physical whereabouts , as helping the company create more “ relevant ” online ads .
Google , the world ’s No.1 Internet search engine with $ 23.7 billion in 2009 revenue , has stepped up its mobile efforts as consumers increasingly access the Web from smartphones like Apple Inc ’s iPhone .
Google offers its own Android operating system that handset manufacturers like Motorola Inc and HTC use in their devices , and in January , Google began selling the Nexus One phone directly on its Web site .
In November , Google announced plans to acquire mobile advertising firm AdMob for $ 750 million , though the deal is currently facing regulatory review .
The mobile briefing comes as Google is in a standoff with China , the world ’s largest Internet market by users , over the future of its Internet search website in the country .
Google has said it will no longer censor search results in China , a move that some analysts believe could mean the end of its Chinese language web site Google.cn .
Asked what the search situation might mean for Google ’s mobile plans in China , Google CFO Patrick Pichette said on the webcast on Monday that Android was an “ open source ” platform that ’s available to everybody and that the company thought China represented “ another great market in which Android should flourish . ”
In our first of many " Trench Warfare " segments , we share with our readers the perspectives of various floor and desk traders and analysts , in this case CBOT floor trader F.S. , whose valuable perspective sheds some much needed light on today 's odd market behavior , and on just who was responsible , and profited from it .
I thought u might find it interesting that Golden Slacks bought 1,200 big S&Ps today near the lows – supporting / buying every selloff attempt .
With the 10 handle rally GS just made a quick $ 3,000,000.00 .
Of course , they are selling some out now @ 1097.00 to the Johnny - Come - Lately ’s – but not many .
Gee wiz , I ’m sure the Vampire Squid just got lucky and did n’t have that info before hand .
Yeah – they ’re very lucky .
From the Floor of the CBOT
So the next time you see Goldman making $ 100 million + profits on every single day in the quarter , you will at least have some idea of how it happens .
Paul Krugman is an Op - Ed columnist for The New York Times .
Anyone who 's been following Google 's codename saga for Android builds is probably 15 pounds heavier just from hearing the names themselves -- Cupcake , Donut , Eclair , Froyo , you get the idea .
Delectable dessert names are n't the only common theme here , though : they 're going in alphabetical order , so we need a " G " sweet next .
Well , Google 's Brian Swetland -- who works on Android 's Linux - based kernel in Mountain View -- has dropped that knowledge in passing while discussing kernel versions on LWN.
net .
Ready for this ?
" Gingerbread . "
Sounds good to us , but naturally , we 're more concerned about what 's in the build than what it 's named , and we do n't have those details yet other than Swetland 's belief that they 'll " likely be on [ Linux kernel 2.6 . ] .33 or .34 " by the time it hits .
Time to start thinking about the " H " treat -- any ideas ?
Nearly 18 months after the collapse of Lehman Brothers , it looks like we might finally get some answers .
The long - awaited bankruptcy examiner 's report came out Friday — and it's a whopper — clocking in at 2200 pages .
The examiner looked at 10 million e-mails and 20 million documents in the case .
The financial world is still digesting the report , but the first scandal is already emerging .
The biggest revelation so far is that Lehman was cooking their books since at least 2007 .
In the final quarter before filing bankruptcy , accounting tricks boosted their balance sheet by $ 50 billion .
Let 's Get Some Lipstick on This Pig
Insiders called the scheme a " Repo 105 . "
And let me tell ya , Lehman took a page straight out of Enron 's playbook with this one .
Here 's how it worked : Lehman entered into repurchase agreements with banks in the Cayman Islands .
Under the deal , Lehman would " sell " toxic assets to the other bank — with the understanding that they would buy them back in a short time .
The trick made Lehman Brothers look much healthier — on paper , at least .
These guys were desperate to fool investors and credit rating agencies .
They had screwed up on a truly collosal scale , and lined their pockets all the while .
If ( or when ) the truth got out , executives knew their careers and reputations would be at stake .
But by engaging in this kind of book - cooking to cover it up , they could end up behind bars .
Banks use similar repo agreements all the time .
But they mark them on the books as loans , because that 's what they are .
Lehman marked them as sales .
That might not sound like a huge deal , but the effect was that Lehman had $ 50 b more in cash on its books , and $ 50 b less in toxic mortgage assets .
This is complicated stuff , and that 's not a mistake .
Scams like this are complex by design .
The goal is to confuse the mark .
In this case , we were all the mark .
If you want a more in - depth explanation of how the scheme worked , here 's Dylan Rattigan of MSNBC :
Accounting " Gimmicks , " or Just Plain Fraud ?
The examiner 's report tip - toes around the f-word ( fraud ) using very careful language .
Not one mention of fraud in sight .
They refer to " gross negligence , " but that 's not necessarily a crime .
And media outlets are reporting on Lehman 's accounting " gimmicks , " " tricks , " or — my favorite — " shenanigans . "
Let me get this straight : Lehman intentionally manipulated their accounting with the goal of deceiving investors , rating agencies , and possibly their regulators , leading to the largest corporate bankruptcy in U.S. history ...
And that 's only considered " negligence " ?
Being negligent means you lack concern or are n't paying attention when you should be .
It does n't mean willfully lying on your financial statements .
What Lehman did sounds a whole lot more fraudulent than negligent .
And this type of blatant manipulation is being referred to as a gimmick ?
Ridiculous .
The Repo 105 scandal is just getting started , but already the accusations are flying .
Dick Fuld , former CEO , is denying knowledge of the Repo 105 transactions .
Not true , according to COO Bart Mcdade .
When interviewed by the bankruptcy examiner , Mcdade said , " Fuld knew about the accounting of Repo 105 . "
I 'll be surprised if anyone actually goes to jail , but we should get much more information in the coming months .
Expect a whole lot of " I do not recall having that conversations " when these guys are hauled up on Capitol Hill this time .
One of the biggest questions is this :
Were any other banks using similar tricks ?
And are they still cooking the books today ?
We do n't know yet , but it would n't surprise me one bit .
These investment banks were notorious for stealing each other 's ideas .
And the fact that it all took place under Tim Geithner 's nose — when he was president of the NY Fed — is also something that needs to be explored .
A Great Call
Our own Ian Cooper alerted Wealth Daily readers about a possible Lehman bankruptcy back in June 2008 , when the stock was still trading around $ 30 .
He warned , " It 's only a matter of time before Lehman ( LEH ) joins the latest list of casualties . "
He recommended buying October $ 25 puts .
It proved to be quite a profitable call , banking profits of 180 % gains in just over a month .
Readers who held onto the puts made significantly more .
Just recently Ian uncovered another opportunity , and this time it's in the foreclosure market .
You can read all about it and his service , Options Trading Pit , here .
Stay nimble out there ,
Adam Sharp
Analyst , Wealth Daily
~~ad_0 ~~
Unless otherwise stated , the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution - ShareAlike 3.0 License
What Next ?
Which apps should I install ?
What to download
What you need
What you should install first
The Homebrew Browser is a homebrew application that lets you find and download other homebrew apps right to your SD card on the Wii .
It is the easiest way to install most simple applications .
So you want to use the Homebrew Browser ?
It seems you have no tags attached to pages .
To attach a tag simply click on the tags button at the bottom of any page .
How to get started , even if you are really dumb
Click here to edit contents of this page .
Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page ( if possible ) .
Watch headings for an " edit " link when available .
Append content without editing the whole page source .
Check out how this page has evolved in the past .
If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it .
View and manage file attachments for this page .
Change the name ( also URL address , possibly the category ) of the page .
View wiki source for this page without editing .
View / set parent page ( used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout ) .
Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page .
Something does not work as expected ?
Find out what you can do .
General Wikidot.com documentation and help section .
Wikidot.com
Terms of Service - what you can , what you should not etc .
Wikidot.com Privacy Policy .
Horse cavalry , like an insurance policy , is expensive but nice to have around when you really need it .
In Russia , where horsemanship is part of the every - day life of many thousands of people , the Red Army is able to maintain one of the finest horse - mounted components in the world .
Here is the doctrine with which Soviet cavalrymen rode to victory in World War II .
The Red Army , unlike the rest of the Allied powers , did not relegate the horse cavalry into the discard during World War II .
Instead , Soviet Russia made effective use of its cavalry components , and even increased the number of horse cavalry units .
The U.S.S.R. proved that the employment of horse cavalry as an independent striking force , and as a component of a cavalry - tank team , is clearly justified .
The results obtained by Red Army cavalry units have proven the right of the almost legendary Cossack to remain part of the armed forces of the U.S.S.R .
The lessons learned may well be studied by other countries .
Horse cavalry has always played a large part in Russian military campaigns .
Russian cavalry forces have been known in every war in which Russia 's troops have fought .
During the reign of Czar Ivan the Terrible , a relatively small Cossack force under Ermak achieved the conquest and annexation of Siberia .
The great distances , unmarked by roads , and the difficult terrain of that area were tailor - made for a cavalry operation .
Even to this day there large areas of flat plains and steppes in the U.S.S.R. that have only a limited network of roads .
Easy traverse of these areas is feasible only to horses .
Climatic conditions in Eastern Europe , especially during the spring thaws , place a very stringent limitation on all movement , except over first - class highways .
Each spring the Ukraine , White Russia , and Eastern Poland become veritable seas of almost unbelievably deep mud .
In consequence , cavalry has been an indispensable arm of the Red Army , even in this war of mechanized and motorized forces .
Since 1917 , when the Red Army took over the forces of the Czar , the cavalry units of the Red Army have undergone many changes .
Among other things , the over - all strength of the cavalry arm has been increased .
During World War II , the Red Army had approximately 10 cavalry corps .
Other changes have increased the fire power of cavalry units by adding mortars ; more and heavier artillery , including self - propelled ; more automatic weapons including submachine guns ; and by making tank regiments an integral part of cavalry corps .
Further emphasis is placed on the Red Army evaluation of horse cavalry as a fighting arm by the establishment , since 1934 , of 74 stud farms , geographically located to breed horses best suited to the locality .
The farms are operated by the Red Army Remount Service .
Red Army cavalry organization differs considerably from the organization of U.S. cavalry units .
Numerically , Red Army units are the smaller .
A Soviet cavalry corps is roughly equal numerically to a reinforced U.S. horse cavalry division .
Within the Red Army cavalry corps , also , are from two to four tank regiments as organic elements of the corps .
The U.S.S.R. cavalry regiment is so designed as to provide a small and mobile striking force , heavily reinforced by supporting weapons .
Numerically equal to less than half a Red Army infantry regiment , the U.S.S.R. cavalry regiment has almost as much fire power in supporting weapons .
In the cavalry corps , the artillery elements play no small part .
The corps artillery commander has at his disposal five artillery regiments , armed with a variety of weapons .
The type and relative numbers of artillery weapons are selected to achieve maximum flexibility and shock power without impairing the mobility of the corps .
Including mortars and artillery of the cavalry divisions , the cavalry corps has nearly 350 pieces of artillery , plus several multiple rocket launchers .
This is sufficient to throw , in a single salvo , a metal weight of more than 6 tons .
CAVALRY IN THE OFFENSE
Red Army doctrine stresses that cavalry should be used as an independent striking force ; that cavalry is not a substitute for mechanized forces , but is a powerful force for operations where motorized units are handicapped by impassable terrain .
By Red Army definition , cavalry is capable of taking part in every kind of engagement , and of carrying out actions of every type in cooperation with other arms ; in addition to being able to operate independently .
Operating apart from other troops , horse cavalry attempts to strike the enemy flank or rear , to encircle and destroy the main body , and to cooperate generally with air forces , armored units , airborne units , and frontal assault groups .
Other cavalry missions are large - scale raids , screening of troop movements of other arms , and counterattacks against the enemy flanks and far from concealed areas in the rear of a defensive position .
Cavalry can operate in very severe climatic conditions and over severely cut - up terrain .
Over extremely difficult terrain , Red Army cavalry can average 5 miles per hour .
Small units are unable to maintain continuous movement for long periods under combat conditions due to lack of organic transport and difficulty of resupply .
Large units , however , with a sizeable supply train and an established resupply system , can operate for much longer periods and over long distances .
One reinforced cavalry corps was given the mission of penetrating behind German lines and advancing for 60 miles parallel to the front and across the enemy lines of communication , thus effecting a junction with another cavalry corps in the area .
The movement was entirely through forests and crosscountry in 2 feet of snow , with temperatures as low as 30 degrees below zero .
In 6 days , the corps traveled 55 miles and captured large supplies of enemy matériel .
Red Army conception of cavalry raids extends to larger operations , over a longer period of time , and with a larger body of troops than is normally considered as a raid by U.S. doctrine .
One raid made during World War II included a whole corps and lasted for 135 days , much of the fighting being behind the enemy lines .
In the breakthrough , Red Army cavalry was a valuable asset to the pursuit .
When an enemy rear guard attempted to hold up the pursuit , the cavalry was able to make wide flanking movements through swamps and other difficult terrain to strike the retreating enemy in the flanks and to set up road blocks .
In addition , the Soviets believe cavalry is useful in attacking enemy artillery and salient terrain features to protect highways along which armor and self - propelled artillery can then advance more easily .
It is a Red Army practice to detach small cavalry units from the main body to reduce by - passed strongpoints .
Here the cavalry attacks dismounted from all sides , supported by their mortars and machine guns .
Generally these detached units are of sufficient strength to reduce the strongpoint quickly so that they can rejoin the main body of cavalry troops .
Cavalry is used by the U.S.S.R. , in conjunction with other arms , in the same manner in which it is used by other armies .
Cavalry is used for reconnaissance , counterreconnaissance , screening , and patrol missions .
The Soviets make extensive use of night cavalry reconnaissance and raids , particularly during winter weather .
With infantry , Red Army cavalry is used to great advantage .
While the infantry holds the enemy with a frontal attack , the entire mass of cavalry and tanks are thrown in on the enemy flank and rear .
The best time to commit a cavalry force , the Red Army believes , is when an initial penetration of enemy defenses has been made by a frontal or enveloping attack .
At that time , when the enemy is bringing up his reserves and his defenses are in a fluid state , the enemy has not had time to consolidate and organize any strong defensive position , and cavalry will encounter conditions that are conducive to success .
CAVALRY IN DEFENSE
In defense , Red Army cavalry is used to cover the withdrawal and to protect the flanks and gaps between units .
In extreme conditions , the cavalry troopers dismount and engage in defensive combat as infantry .
Care is always taken to conceal horses in a defiladed area for safety and to facilitate withdrawal .
In the defense of road blocks or tactically important terrain , the organic artillery and mortars are the basic defensive weapons upon which the Soviet cavalry relies .
TRAINING
Immediately after the Russian Civil War , the cavalry forces were led mostly by ex-Czarist officers who joined the Red Army .
Then an officer cavalry school was established to develop cavalry officers of proletarian origin .
This school later became the Buddennyi Red Army Cavalry Academy of Moscow , and is now the highest cavalry institute in the U.S.S.R .
During the war there were nine cavalry officer training schools in operation .
Enlisted men and NCO's were trained in replacement cavalry regiments .
There were 34 of these regiments during the war .
The cavalry courses at officers schools have ranged from 3 years in peacetime , prior to 1937 , to 12 months during the war .
Enlisted men serve 2 years in the cavalry army in peacetime .
During the war , basic training for enlisted personnel lasted 8 months .
During this time the enlisted man was trained in field tactics , individual weapons , elementary topography , care of horses and equipment .
CONCLUSION
The U.S.S.R. , with vast distances and few roads , and with severe climatic conditions during much of the year , has used horse cavalry to great advantage during World War II .
By the results achieved , the Soviets have justified the use of cavalry , not as a substitute for armor and mechanized forces , but as an independent arm and as a supplement to armor and mechanized might in operations over severe terrain .
Russian cavalry has great power in supporting weapons .
The organization is so designed as to provide a small and mobile striking force with adequate support of artillery , mortars , and automatic weapons .
Cavalry and tanks have been combined into a smooth working and effective organization .
In World War II , as in most all of their other wars , the Russians were able to use large masses of horse cavalry , since much of the fighting took place within the borders or countries adjacent to their homeland .
But over long distances , cavalry is not as economical .
Transport of horses and equipment , especially ocean transport such as would have been necessary for the United States in the Pacific War , requires a large allotment of transportation facilities .
In fact , the U.S. did maintain one horse cavalry regiment briefly in New Caledonia early in the war , but this unit was mounted on horses shipped from Australia .
The unit existed as a horse - mounted organization only briefly , for it was eventually dismounted and sent into infantry action elsewhere in the Southwest Pacific .
The only U.S. horse - mounted cavalry regiment to see action in World War II was the 26th Cavalry , a regiment of Philippine Scouts who covered the withdrawal of U.S. and Philippine forces to Bataan peninsula .
This unit fought a classic cavalry rear - guard action from Lingayan to Bataan .
Its mission was accomplished , although the regiment was virtually annihilated .
Ever since the full text of the secret Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) leaked earlier this week , scholars and activists have been poring over the document , finding the buried bodies .
Today , Michael Geist discusses the way that ACTA makes the UN copyright agency , WIPO , irrelevant , replacing it with a private members ' club composed of rich countries that get to dictate information policy to poor countries .
For the past two years , most of the ACTA discussion has centered on two issues : ( 1 ) substantive concerns such as the possibility of three strikes and a renegotiation of the WIPO Internet treaties ; and ( 2 ) transparency issues .
The leak of the comprehensive ACTA text highlights the fact that a third issue should be part of the conversation .
The text reveals that ACTA is far more than a simple trade agreement .
Rather , it envisions the establishment of a super - structure that replicates many of the responsibilities currently assumed by the World Intellectual Property Organization .
Given the public acknowledgement by negotiating countries that ACTA is a direct response to perceived gridlock at WIPO , some might wonder whether ACTA is ultimately designed to replace WIPO as the primary source of international IP law and policy making .
Once in a while at the end of the day , instead of washing my clothes , I just throw them right in the trash …. because there is just no saving them … .
Let ’s slow it down and start at the beginning .
You have a big day planned with your project car , and you will finally make some long awaited progress on it .
You buy all the supplies you will need and come up with a game plan for a full day of activities .
After much anticipation , the day finally arrives and it is now “ go time ” .
You wake up before the sun rises , and you throw on some “ work clothes ” .
Your “ work clothes ” were your good clothes last week , but you ruined them “ just checking something real quick ” under the car .
You forget to eat breakfast because you are on an automotive mission and ca n’t be bothered .
There is definitely no time for food , drinks , or banter of any kind , because it is Saturday and it is going to be intense .
You start off with removing your greasy intake manifold and surrounding parts .
Then you search the entire garage and yard full of cars to find your missing red shop rags .
Since they seem to have vanished into thin air , it becomes OK to wipe your filthy hands on your white shirt .
Your shirt is 50 % of your “ work clothing ” so it can get a little dirty .
A few hours pass … the greasy work is over , all the upper engine parts are cleaned , and things can start going back together .
This is when the ratchet slips , and you whack your knuckles on the sharpest object within 30 miles .
The injury is ugly , and you do n’t want to go back into the house for medical attention because you could become trapped in there by god - knows - what .
The only option now is to tear off the bottom 6 inches of your shirt to use as a bandage .
The shredded white shirt is then wrapped around your fingers and held on there with some slightly used electrical tape .
Thank goodness there was still a clean , sterilized part of your t- shirt left to wrap your hand in , otherwise it could get infected .
This might also be a good time to flex your stomach a little bit because it is now on display .
Since you are now injured , there are only a few tools left that you can use without causing massive pain to your already hurting hand .
Luckily , the MIG welder is a one - handed tool .
The floor pans in your car just need a few little welds to finish them off and this is a perfect opportunity to finish them .
The welding helmet goes down and before you know it , the frayed rip in your pant leg is on fire .
Yes , your pants are now ON FIRE .
( Do n’t laugh , it burns ! ) .
You swat at it while screaming like a child that just fell off of her bike , and your buddy hurls a bucket of ice water onto you .
This stops your denim inferno , and soothes the burning for a short time .
You finish off the day with a few odds and ends that you can still do with your injured hand and a soaking wet / burned leg .
It has been a rough day and you are beat , so it is time to go back inside and see what you look like in the mirror .
The minute you walk in the door , 5 people shout at you “ do n’t you dare touch anything !!! ” .
This leads you to tip toe your way across the kitchen leaving 12 oil slicked steps all the way to the bathroom .
You look in the mirror and realize that you have had a black stripe across your forehead from the grease festival that morning , and it is pretty obvious that you have been picking your nose .
AWESOME .
There is some sort of gear lube on the back of your head that did n’t bother you all day , but now you are beginning to wonder how it got there .
Your shirt looks as if you were swimming in an oil slick , and the bottom 6 inches of it are missing because it is wrapped around your electrical taped hand .
You glance down at your still damp , partially burned pants and realize that you still have a pocket full of bolts that will most likely never make it back to the car again .
All you can do is smile and laugh , because you ca n’t believe you lit yourself on fire again .
When will you learn ?
After a painful shower , you take your “ work clothes ” and throw them directly in the trash , because there is clearly not a savable strand of fabric left on them for next weekend .
drop of blood
splinter of bone
patch of skin
lock of hair
fracture of a nail
dust from a fire
that broke out last year
but went out this year
I send you a ghost
Linda Vilhialmsdottir
Have a rodent problem but do n't have the stomach for traditional mousetraps ?
Blogger Chris Glass details his simple , inexpensive method for catching a mouse without a mousetrap .
His simple methodology ?
Get a toilet paper tube and crease two lines to form a flat sided tunnel .
Put a treat on one end of the tube : A cracker and dab of peanut butter works great .
Get a tall ( at least 20 inches ) bucket .
A trash can works well .
Balance the tube precariously on the edge of a table or counter with the treat hanging directly over the tall sided receptacle .
The mouse will scurry to the treat ( they like tunnels ) and fall into the trap .
Set the fella loose at least a mile away from your abode .
Postnote :
It worked within the hour .
Heh , heh …
“ I do n’t owe [ John McCain ] shit , ” Wurzelbacher continued .
“ He really screwed my life up , is how I look at it . ”
Uh , Joe Sam ?
I think you have that backwards .
I ran into Joe the Plumber Sam Wurzelbacher at the Brighton , Michigan Teabagger extravaganza last year .
And , as far as who was using who , I ’d say Mr. Plumber Wurzelbacher has it backwards .
From my blog then :
There he was , the living , breathing male mascot to the D - bagger Tea Bagger Movement .
And , sure as shit , he had a book to sell .
Selling books , it turns out , has a LOT to do with why most of the D - bag Tea Bag Celebrities were there .
Just like all the rest of the teabaggers , Joe Sam was there to hawk his book and his website .
Q : What are the odds he could have done any of that without John McCain ?
A : Zilch .
Nada .
Nil .
So , go cry in your bag of money you useless political hack .
You bring nothing to the national dialog and if you are being ridiculed now , it ’s a mess of your own making .
Now , back to the violin music …
I ’m just sayin ’ …
Political and business leaders gather this week in an attempt to revive the world 's faltering challenge to global warming .
But they face a battle to lift the cloud of scepticism that has descended over climate science and chart a new way forward
Some of the planet 's most powerful paymasters will gather in London on Wednesday to discuss a nagging financial problem : how to raise a trillion dollars for the developing world .
Those charged with achieving this daunting goal will include Gordon Brown , directors of several central banks , the billionaire philanthropist George Soros , the economist Lord ( Nicholas ) Stern and Larry Summers , President Obama 's chief economics adviser .
As an array of expertise , it is formidable : but then so is the task they have been set by the UN secretary general , Ban Ki-moon .
In effect , the world 's top financiers have been told to work out how to raise at least $ 100 bn a year for the rest of this decade , cash that will be used to help the world 's poorest countries adapt to climate change .
" The prices we pay for our goods do not reflect one key cost : the damage that their production does to the planet 's climate system , " said Bob Ward , of the Grantham Research Institute on Climate Change at the LSE .
" We need to find ways to extract payment from those who cause that damage and then use that money to fund developing nations so that they can protect themselves from the worst effects of global warming . "
And to raise those funds the Advisory Group on Climate Change Financing has made clear that it will consider everything – from placing levies on international aviation and shipping , to enlarging carbon markets , introducing financial transaction taxes and using the International Monetary Fund 's special reserve currency .
You name it and it will be run up the flagpole – for success in establishing a developing world finance plan is now considered crucial to the success of next December 's UN climate change meeting in Mexico .
" Finance is a prerequisite for a climate agreement , " said Rajendra Pachauri , chair of the UN's Intergovernmental Panel on Climage Change , on Friday .
" Developing countries are very sensitive about this .
Talks will collapse without strong and secure financing in place . "
It sounds familiar , and so it should : these new discussions mark a renewal of global climate talks that ended only three months ago at the Copenhagen UN summit , which failed to set a deal to control emissions of carbon dioxide .
Politicians and negotiators are preparing another assault on the issue , though this time talks will be very different .
For a start , climate science has suffered damaging setbacks .
There was the leaking from the University of East Anglia 's climate research unit of email exchanges between some of the world 's top meteorologists as well as the discovery that a UN assessment report on climate change had vastly exaggerated the rate of melting of Himalayan glaciers .
The former revelation suggested some researchers were involved in massaging the truth , sceptics claimed , while the latter exposed deficiencies in the way the UN's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change – authors of the report – go about their business .
The overall effect has been to damage the credibility of the large number of scientists who fear our planet faces climatic disaster .
Trying to restart stalled negotiations will be very hard .
Yet increased scepticism is only part of the problem for negotiators .
Since December , new political groupings have emerged .
China , India , South Africa and Brazil , known as the " Basics " nations , have assumed climate leadership roles , while the European Union has retreated from the front line .
Nothing is quite what it was .
Consider the US .
Obama – fresh from his successes in passing his health bill and his nuclear arms talks with Russia – has indicated he is turning his attention to climate change .
At an hour - long meeting last week , his climate and energy adviser Carol Browner and White House legislative affairs director Phil Schiliro discussed the prospects of a climate change bill with Senate leader Harry Reid and other senior Capitol Hill Democrats .
Three senators – Democrat John Kerry , independent Joe Lieberman and Republican Lindsey Graham – have also been holding talks to draw up legislation .
Their planned bill looks set to be released next month .
For campaigners , these developments seem encouraging , while Obama 's critics are angry .
" The administration has shown it is prepared to draw up a partisan bill and force it through .
If that is their model of governing , then there is no limit to what they will do , " said Ken Green , a scholar at the American Enterprise Institute , a conservative thinktank .
A US climate law will be primarily aimed at curbing greenhouse gas emissions .
But the devil , as always , will be in the details , for the bill is likely to include many provisions that will anger the green lobby .
Graham wants to include measures that would boost offshore oil drilling on America 's continental shelf , while recent leaks suggest funds may be provided for so - called " clean coal " power stations .
In addition , there is likely to be support for nuclear power .
All three ideas are reviled by environmentalists .
Barack Obama 's move on climate change is therefore far less radical than it seems , for the simple fact is that there is little political appetite to repeat the dramas that marred healthcare reform .
The new legislation will therefore be softened in order to ensure Republican support .
" It is not going to be a one - party push .
I am sure we can get 60 votes to support this , " said Tad Segal , a spokesman for the US Climate Action Partnership , a coalition of environmental and business groups in favour of new laws limiting emissions .
As Washington insiders know all too well , that is the way US law is passed , no matter what the concerns of the rest of the planet .
" In America , even with climate change , all politics is local , " said Segal .
The prospect of such a weak US move on climate change has not gone down well .
" Countries are losing patience with the US .
There may be sympathy for Obama , who clearly faces a difficult domestic situation , but it is now clear that the US wants to take another path on climate change and is demanding everyone goes with it , " said a source in one European embassy last week .
This point was backed by Liz Gallagher of Cafod , the Roman Catholic development agency .
" The talks can not go back to where they were .
The rest of the world has realised that the US will not change and the only way to progress may be to leave the US behind and show them that they will lose out in the green race . "
This difference in attitude is likely to reach a showdown in Bonn next month over which negotiating text is used for future discussions .
The US wants to adopt the weak accord agreed in Copenhagen , while most developing countries – including China , India and Brazil – say it has no legal standing and that the talks must continue with the far stronger framework that was agreed at Kyoto a decade earlier .
Significantly , this latter group is backed by the distinguished UN climate chief Yvo de Boer .
" I think we 'll continue on the two - track approach .
For the developing countries , the presence of the Kyoto protocol is very important , " he said .
He is also supported by more than 200 of the world 's largest environment and development groups , including Friends of the Earth International , Christian Aid , Third World Network , Jubilee South and the World Development Movement , which have called for a total rejection of the Copenhagen accord and urged countries to resume twin - track talks .
However , other observers believe the US has in effect forced its views on the world because no rich country is prepared to take it on .
" We are in a world of disarray .
The US is laughing and there is no evidence that rich countries have the appetite to take on the US and go it alone .
It is a mess , " said Martin Khor , director of the South Centre , an inter - governmental developing country think tank based in Geneva .
It is a depressing backdrop for Wednesday 's talks in London , but it does not mean that all is lost .
" If the US agrees to limit its emissions in only a modest way , that will be an immense improvement on America 's previous stance , " said the Grantham Research Institute 's Ward .
" And while it may seem daunting to talk about raising a trillion dollars for developing nations to deal with the impact of global warming , we should note that this represents an investment that is far lower than the one that was required to save the world 's financial system in 2008 .
" Had it gone down , the consequences would have been grim .
But if we do n't face up to global warming , then the impact will be far worse .
This point is not lost on the Advisory Group on Climate Change Financing and I think that we will get global action to tackle global warming very soon .
We should not be too downhearted yet . "
We 've known for 150 years or more that we have lots of minerals and that we could make money from them .
But when we ask ourselves why we have n't , we immediately blame each other .
Conservationists say it can't be done .
Miners say you wo n't let us try .
Seeing the impasse , international mining companies take their capital and skills elsewhere .
Meanwhile , the world needs minerals .
For example , coal will make electricity and steel for decades to come until cleaner technologies eventually displace it .
Until then , we have to find ways to use coal as little as possible and make it as environmentally acceptable as possible .
More interestingly , the likes of rare earths are crucial for the very technologies such as electronics , solar power and electric cars which we hope will make modern societies much more sustainable .
Potentially , New Zealand has three responses :
We could tell the world we wo n't mine .
Dig up your own country , sell us the products you make from your minerals and we 'll make money from you holidaying in this " untouched " paradise .
But this hypocrisy would make us deeply unpopular .
We could mine lots and badly .
But this would damage our land , economy and reputation .
We could be leaders in environmentally responsible mining , the science around it and the high - value downstream products and services flowing from it .
Then we could prove that the economy and environment , treated well , can enhance each other .
But in our usual fashion as a nation , we are once again failing to seek a robust , long - term solution .
Rather than working to achieve the best but hardest solution – option three – we 're bashing each other 's brains out .
Once again we 'll end up with a fatally flawed stalemate on an issue vital to the wellbeing of the nation .
At great cost to its standing and public confidence , the government might eventually open up bits of conservation land to mining and streamline the regulatory system .
But international mining companies wo n't suddenly come in droves .
The opportunities will be too limited , the policy framework too subject to change by the next government , and the social consensus on why , how and what we mine absolutely lacking .
This is a very big problem of the government 's own making .
National was vague before the election about its mineral ambitions and evasive after .
Gerry Brownlee , the relevant minister , has sought advice from only a few mining insiders and refused to meet , let alone learn from , people with valid knowledge and views to contribute to the formation of an economically and environmentally robust new strategy .
As a result , the government has failed to do any analysis on the true value of the minerals ; how that value could be maximised through careful targeting of , for example , high demand , high value , non-commodity minerals such as rare earths rather than commodity coal or boom / bust precious metals ; how foreign investors could be encouraged to build downstream science and industry here ; and how all this could be done in exemplary environmental fashion .
In other words , the government has failed utterly to be strategic .
Instead it is trying to get by being simply tactical .
The figure of $ 194 billion it puts on the value of onshore , non-hydrocarbon minerals is based on patchy knowledge of the mineralisation around the country and assumptions of its worth at market prices .
This is far short of the detailed analysis needed to develop a strategy to deliver true economic value that would stick to the ribs of the New Zealand economy , weigh up the potential negatives to tourism and other brand - dependent sectors of the economy and put in place policies to prevent that .
Likewise , its talk of " surgical " extraction lacks any concrete examples of the high environmental standards achievable in mining .
Even the term is a turn off , given surgery 's associations with risks , pain and rehabilitation .
Precision mining would be better .
And Brownlee hopes his pick of bits of land equivalent to a " postcard on Eden Park " will lull us into forgetting about the bigger picture or principles .
So , all the government tells us is we 'll make lots of money , the environment will only be hurt a bit in tiny , faraway places and tourism wo n't be harmed at all .
Oh , and here 's $ 10 m a year from royalties to do some conservation somewhere .
No wonder lots of people do n't believe the prime and tourism minister , or his minerals minister .
Business does n't help either , Phil O'Reilly , chief executive of Business New Zealand , welcoming the government 's proposal on Monday to open up 7058 ha of protected conservation land to mineral exploration , gushed about the " thousands of billions of dollars " mining could generate .
And this had the potential " to transform our economy " .
Yes .
But if you ask him how , he is as vague as Brownlee .
None of this will work unless as a country we have a strategy and consensus beneficial to us and attractive to overseas investors .
To achieve that we need to agree that we will :
Fulfil our role in meeting the world 's mineral needs
Pick only minerals that offer us the best non-commodity , long - term returns
Use them to build downstream science , value and businesses
Choose very carefully where to mine and how to rehabilitate the land afterwards
Demand that all mining and processing is world - leading environmentally
Reinvest in the economy and environment the wealth we generate from minerals
Create and maintain robust mechanisms to enable this constructive national discussion
Stick to what we decide
None of this is easy .
Could we ever decide , for example , that there was an acceptable economic and environmental case for mining the rare earths which are believed to be in Rakiura National Park on Stewart Island ?
We wo n't ever know by shouting at each other .
But we might if we tried to understand the complete picture .
Will we do that ?
No .
Because John Key and Brownlee are determined to use old - style adversarial politics to bulldoze through their high - risk , low - value plans .
If , though , they stop to consider for a moment that the resulting messy compromise would still deter international investors then they might look for an alternative approach .
They need look no further than across the cabinet table to Nick Smith .
The environment minister made a brave decision last year to try to reach agreement on water issues through a Scandinavian - style consensus building process .
Previous governments had failed completely through the old adversarial process to get all the parties scrapping over water to agree on how we might best manage our most precious resource .
Now Smith is trying to do so through the Land and Water Forum created last year .
This is modelled on the Scandinavian approach to resolving thorny national issues .
All the players are given the resources to research the issues and a forum where they can work out how to build common ground .
Once consensus is achieved , it 's easy to draft and pass legislation to deliver what everybody has agreed to .
Participants have a big incentive to make constructive compromises to reach a practical consensus beneficial to all .
If they do , they remain part of the policy - making process .
If they do n't they are removed , thus losing influence over the outcomes .
$ \begingroup $
Two plus two is four .
You can prove that two plus two is four .
You can prove that you can prove that two plus two is four .
And you can prove that you can prove that you can prove that two plus two is four , and so on .
Two plus two is not five .
You can prove that two plus two is not five .
You can't prove that two plus two is five , or else math is a lot of bunk .
But , if math is not a lot of bunk , you can't prove that you can't prove that two plus two is five .
( Shortened from Gödel 's Second Incompleteness Theorem Explained in Words of One Syllable by George Boolos , Mind , Vol. 103 , January 1994 , pp. 1 - 3 . )
“‘ Misandry ’ Is A Feminist Issue , ” Say Transactivists I Mean MRAs February 5 , 2010
Posted by FCM in feminisms Tags : custody
this made me laugh and laugh .
transwomen ( like the MRAs and fundies ) love making rules for women and feminists to follow .
we are supposed to suck their metaphorical ( and actual ) dicks , or be outed as “ transphobic ” .
we are supposed to accept their constructed , fake fuckholes as “ female organs , ” as vaginas , and appreciate it as “ ironic ” when they appropriate our experience , and steal our work .
mm-kay .
now , according to the transactivists , feminists are supposed to take on “ misandry ” as a feminist issue .
are they serious ?
yes , yes they are .
they are very serious .
all the fucking time .
and that makes it even funnier : have you ever heard an internet transwoman say something that wasnt unintentionally funny ?
i havent .
and i doubt i ever will , particularly after reading this , which nearly gave me a stomach cramp :
Could Bindel ’s trans - phobia be fuelled by her open misandry ?
Is the idea of someone born with external reproductive organs becoming a woman so anathema to her ?
Does Bindel in fact take any responsibility for murder and violence towards trans people by the words she has published ?
( thanks polly ) .
this is in response to feminist author julie bindel , who has dared speak out against transpolitics , which is the same thing as “ murder ! ” apparently .
( that bitch ! lets rape her ! ) but speculating as to whether bindel ’s “ transphobia ” is fuelled by her “ misandry ” is like pondering , in all seriousness , “ could bindel ’s hooswhit be fuelled by her glod ? ” because theres no such fucking thing as a glod , and a “ hooswhit ” is just some letters put together .
similarly , theres no such thing as misandry , and “ transphobia ” is just some shit the transactivists made up to bash women and feminists over the head with , when we dont want men in dresses transwomen in our washrooms ( if they wanted to address something that * did * exist , they could try addressing the problem of rape and the men they are afraid will rape them , if they use the mensroom .
but they never do ) .
but even if it did exist , only a fucking MRA , a fundie , or a transactivist would say that misandry was a feminist issue .
when someone misinterprets the aims of feminism as being “ anti- sexist ” instead of “ removing the boot of capitopatriarchy from womens necks ” its inevitably one of them , too .
this absolutely screams “ waht about teh menzzzzz ? ” but ten or so years ago , feminists werent falling for it .
now , thanks to the fucking sex- pozzies , the third - wavers and transpolitics , this mens rights garbage has taken center stage .
mens rights has taken center stage , within the feminist movement !
think about this , people .
i admit i left feminist studies behind for most of the last decade , due to having other shit to do .
and when i came back , it took me a short while to get back up to speed .
i was there , once i realized what all this cis-business really was .
this is mens rights rhetoric , packaged up with a pretty pink bow .
thats all it is .
its the same disingenuous doublespeak that has oprah thinking that boys and men are “ falling behind ” girls and women , and that even if this were so that its not fair .
its the same shit that has fathers rights groups crying “ sexism ! ” when the statistics show that women tend to get custody of children when they divorce .
because what the MRAs conveniently ignore is that when girls and women are successful at anything , its because they work damn hard for it .
you know , its earned , rather than unearned .
people lavished with unearned privileges dont know any better , they just dont .
and in so - called custody disputes , most mothers dont have a fucking choice when MOST FATHERS DONT WANT FUCKING CUSTODY ANYWAY .
the kids would be orphans if the mothers didnt step up , because men have * never * stepped up to the plate in this regard , and they arent starting now .
too often , when men fight for custody in a divorce , its a fucking tool of domestic abuse by a vengeful ex-husband who had undoubtedly been abusing his wife during the marriage as well .
this is whats passing as “ sexism ” now ?
in what universe is a lack of reasonable options , and being the target of abuse considered a privilege ?
this topsy - turvy inversion of reality absolutely requires an MRA worldview .
as feminists have long been aware , men ’s rights activists ( MRAs ) have appropriated the language of feminist discourse to acheive their own dubious ends , but they never really understood it .
they talk about “ sexism ! ” and things “ not being fair ” but this is coming from privileged , largely white males who havent the slightest fucking clue what “ unfairness ” really is .
we saw through it then .
we arent seeing through it now , but its the same appropriation of feminist discourse , and the transwomen are misusing and misreading it , just like men always have .
indeed , to accuse a feminist of being a “ misandrist ” is the worst kind of cliche : an anti-feminist one .
for all their talk about being “ outed ” and how scary that would undoubtedly be , these transwomen out themselves every fucking time they open their mouths .
the only people they would fool with their MRA doublespeak would be anti-feminist fuckwits who dont know any better ( aka “ normal people ” ) , but they want to hang out with feminists , instead .
why ?
this is not a rhetorical question .
not unrelatedly , the only “ lovers ” transwomen are fooling with their fake fuckholes are ones that dont use their hands .
again , anti-feminist fuckwits who dont know any better ( including statistically the poor , the uneducated , and the just - generally - bad - lover types ) .
because fake vaginas arent organs , and they arent attached to anything .
only a fucking MRA wouldnt know whether theres a cervix in there , or not , because he never bothered to look .
and only a fucking transwoman would agree with the MRAs in that regard : that it doesnt really matter , anyway , because vaginas are just fuckholes , and are only good for one thing .
but again , at least the online transactivists dont want to hang around the uneduated MRAs who would probably accept them * and * their fake fuckholes .
why not ?
this is not a rhetorical question .
unless and until i discover some compelling evidence to the contrary , this is my working answer : because infiltrating , assimilating , and ultimately rewriting and dismantling feminism has been the MRAs goal from the beginning , and transwomen and their allies are fucking MRAs .
thats why .
we have to open our eyes to this reality .
i dont think it would be an exaggeration to say that , literally , everything depends on it .
Throughout childhood and adolescence , the average citizen of human society is bombarded on all sides by people telling him / her to work hard .
The priest says things about idle hands and the devil 's work , his teacher extols the value of good grades , the government tells him that hard work makes him a good citizen , and so on and so forth .
Regardless of the source , the message is the same , and the intelligent child will quickly learn that the authority figures saying these things are full of shit .
As such , an association between work and bullshit will be formed in the mind of the intelligent child .
This association , however tempting , is fatal .
For though the social structure created to encourage and exploit work is indeed meaningless and stupid , the work itself is undeniably substantial .
In fact , it is substantial by its very definition .
This association of work with obedience is deeply ingrained in any hierarchical society , and it is one that I believe even the most radical leftists and anarchists carry throughout their lives .
The phenomenon I mention has implications far beyond the individual experience .
Because intelligent / anarchic people disdain both work and the two - facedness of priesthood , they also give up the ability to decide how work is directed .
If those who are inclined to rebel are also inclined to loaf , then the only people who will direct the flow of work are the liars , and the only people who will get anything done are the retards who believe in them .
I might go so far as to say that the stereotype of the lazy rebel is perpetuated by the rich precisely because a hard - working rebel is the most dangerous kind of individual possible , but I 'm getting ahead of myself .
When it 's put this way , the status quo might sound hopeless .
The picture I have painted is undeniably nihilistic .
But it is nihilistic precisely because it is flawed and unstable .
Those in charge are too corrupt and disconnected to maintain a large , well - run system , and those who serve them are in their position precisely because they are too stupid to be effective .
We do not need to fight .
We do not need to bunker down .
We need only to do what we want .
Jennifer Dennis studied her 13 - year - old son's skin and was uncertain which to be more astonished by : the shape made by the strange dots running the length of his forearm , or how they got there .
" When I looked at it , the shape was definitely a cross , like a Christian cross , " said Dennis .
" Zach said his teacher did it with an instrument that gave off something like a lightning bolt .
It was red , like a sunburn or if you burn your arm on the oven . "
The next morning , Dennis was standing in the reception of Mount Vernon middle school demanding to know what had been done to Zachary .
That was three years ago and the small , deeply religious Ohio town is bracing itself for the answer to Dennis 's question after the lengthy de facto trial of a man who is either a decorated teacher martyred for his Christian faith , or a religious zealot who spent years undermining the very science he was paid to teach .
Along the way , the dispute has prompted Bible - waving students to march on their school , set teacher against teacher , and forced Jennifer Dennis and her family to leave town .
At the heart of the controversy is John Freshwater , who taught at Mount Vernon middle school for 21 years .
Freshwater said he had done the same science experiment to hundreds of students before Zachary Dennis , using a Tesla coil , which gives off an electric spark .
The teacher said it was painless and harmless – although a doctor would later testify that Dennis had second - degree burns – and that he had made an X , not a cross , on the boy 's skin .
That might have been the end of the matter after the school ordered Freshwater to stop using the coil on children .
But Zachary Dennis 's parents asked him what else was going on in science class .
Out poured accounts of lessons on evolution mingled with creationist theories about " intelligent design " , a euphemism for the hand of God , of questions about religious beliefs and of classroom walls pasted with the Ten Commandments .
Other children told of also having crosses burned on their arms .
The school sacked Freshwater in June 2008 .
He invoked his right to a hearing that is about to reach its conclusion after dragging on and off for more than a year and costing the school board close to $ 500,000 ( £ 300,000 ) .
Dick Hoppe – a former nuclear missile engineer who later helped design the Apollo spacecraft command module , and who was more recently a visiting professor of biology at a local college – has attended almost every day of the hearings .
" One student , when asked what he had learned about science from Mr Freshwater , testified that what he learned was you can't trust science .
That surprised me .
I did n't want to believe it was that overt , " said the avowed atheist .
" Freshwater was teaching what the text taught – age of the Earth , fossils – and then would add an overlay of creationist material that cast doubt on what the text said .
He would use a handout that described all the adaptations of a woodpecker and at the bottom he added : was intelligent design involved ?
He was teaching against the curriculum . "
The hearings heard that Freshwater pinned up a poster of President George Bush and the then US secretary of state , Colin Powell , at prayer , and another advertising an evangelical meeting .
The school also discovered questionnaires in which Freshwater asked students whether religion was important to them .
Bonnie Schutte , a science teacher in the adjacent high school who received students from Freshwater 's class , told the hearing that when she asked new pupils what they had previously learned , some said that science is " a lot of theory and guesswork " and that " evolution follows opinion and it's not fact " .
Freshwater denied responsibility for writing references to God and religion on class notes even though the hearings were told that they matched his handwriting .
But he did acknowledge that in 2003 he was ordered by school officials to cease a part of his teaching in which he scattered Lego blocks on a table and said that however long you left them there they would not build themselves , and so something as complex as the eye could not be the result of evolution but had to have been created by someone .
All this was known to some other teachers who kept their own children away from Freshwater 's class , but failed to alert the school board or other parents .
While the school board would appear to have a commanding case , Freshwater and his supporters managed to persuade a large part of the town , on the edge of the Appalachia region , popularly regarded as culturally backward and home to about three dozen churches and an evangelical university , that the issue is about his religious rights .
The teacher allied himself with a militant rightwing group , the Minutemen , and held a rally in Mount Vernon 's town square at which he announced he had been sacked for refusing to remove a Bible from his desk .
The school denied that was the motive but the claim prompted a wave of support .
Students held a " take a Bible to school " day and wore T - shirts proclaiming that God supported Freshwater .
" We have a Christian martyrdom thing going here .
This town is ripe for it , " said Hoppe .
" My guess is that a majority in this town believe that man was created in his present form in the last 10,000 years , the creationist view .
You 've got a large conservative fundamentalist population . "
Freshwater declines to speak to reporters on the advice of his lawyers but he has alleged that members of the school board have been out to get him since he made a proposal in 2003 for the science curriculum to include intelligent design .
The teacher is a member of the Trinity Worship Centre , part of the country 's largest Pentecostal denomination , where the pastor , Don Matolyak , is in effect Freshwater 's spokesman .
" We heard many times : if he'd had a Qur'an on his desk he would never have had a problem .
They 're probably right because that would be seen as diversity , " said Matolyak , who has stood in as a teacher for Freshwater 's class .
" This is about a person 's religious liberty .
I see this as a battle that 's going on in America , and there are those who want to totally secularise America and almost explain away our Christian heritage . "
Hoppe , whose wife has taught at the school for 35 years , says that Freshwater was not alone in pressing his religious views on his pupils .
" There 's been a small group of teachers who 've been running what amounts to a private Christian school within the middle school .
There is testimony from several teachers about how they also had Bibles on their desks and religious displays , " he said .
Many in Mount Vernon have sided with Freshwater .
Persuaded that the Dennises were hounding the teacher over nothing more than a Bible on his desk , some turned on the family .
Jennifer Dennis said : " We 've gotten phone calls , things in the mail , anonymous letters .
They send scriptures and how you should raise your children , implying we 're not raising our children correctly .
Everywhere we go I feel like people know it 's us so they do n't talk to us or they will say things .
Even in church . "
Eventually it was too much for the Dennis family .
They moved 35 miles away .
Targeting schools
Creationists have long fought to force " intelligent design " on to the school curriculum .
They first tried to use legislatures in states where the Christian right is strong , but those moves were defeated by political opposition or in the courts .
Now activists are trying to take control of school boards .
Missouri is the latest state to consider a law that would require the teaching of the " scientific strengths and weaknesses of the theory of … evolution " – interpreted as intended to give equal weight to creationism .
In other states such as Mississippi and Alabama , efforts to force the teaching of alternative views to evolution have foundered .
But creationists have had more success through election to school boards , particularly in Texas , where the Christian right has succeeded in limiting the teaching of evolution in biology lessons .
It is now pressing for history lessons to emphasise the part played by Christianity in the founding of the US .
In his ruling , Lord Justice Carnwath said that the Government ’s policy for the expansion of Heathrow , first set out in 2003 , would need to be looked at again , following developments in a number of policy areas in the last seven years , with the climate change debate in particular having moved on .
some of my videos
Some captures from a few videos of me with everything from working out to having sex !
Wind farms failing to produce enough power ... because there 's not enough wind
Some of Britain 's most beautiful landscapes have been blighted by wind farms for only small returns in energy , research shows .
The analysis of power output found that more than 20 wind farms are operating at less than one - fifth of their full capacity .
Experts say many turbines are going up on sites that are simply not breezy enough .
They also accuse developers of ' grossly exaggerating ' the amount of energy they will generate in order to get their hands on subsidies designed to boost the production of green power .
The giant wind farm off the North East coast at Blyth is one of the worst offenders
Britain's most feeble wind farm is in Blyth Harbour in Northumberland , where the nine turbines lining the East Pier reach a meagre 7.9 per cent of their maximum capacity .
Another at Chelker reservoir in North Yorkshire operates at only 8.7 per cent of its potential .
Both are relatively small and old , but larger , more modern sites fared badly too , the analysis of figures provided by energy regulator Ofgem for 2008 found .
For instance , the two turbines at High Volts 2 , Country Durham , the largest and most powerful wind farm in Britain when it was commissioned in 2004 , achieves an efficiency of just 18.7 per cent .
Turbine efficiency is calculated by comparing the theoretical maximum output with what the farms actually generate .
While it is possible some of the results were skewed by breakdowns , the revelation that so many are under - performing will be of great interest to those who argue that wind farms are little more than expensive eyesores .
The analysis was carried out by Michael Jefferson , an environmental consultant and a professor of international business and sustainability .
He believes that financial incentives designed to help Britain meet is green energy targets are encouraging firms to site their wind farms badly .
Under the controversial ' Renewable Obligation ' scheme , British consumers pay £ 1 billion a year in their fuel bills to subsidise the drive towards renewable energy .
The professor told the Sunday Times : ' Too many developments are under- performing .
' It 's because the developers grossly exaggerate potential .
' The subsidies make it viable for developers to put turbines on sites they would not touch if the money was not available . '
Poll Should windfarms operating below their capacity be scrapped ?
Yes No Should windfarms operating below their capacity be scrapped ?
Yes 4242 votes
No 1857 votes
Now share your opinion
Professor Jefferson , of London Metropolitan Business School , has said previously : ' We should be putting our money where the wind is and that is quite often not where the development pressure is . '
Britain has 2,741 wind turbines spread over 262 sites .
But the number is due to soar , with a further 7,000 planned for the next 12 years to meet European targets on cutting greenhouse gas emissions .
The industry said that other types of energy , from hydro to nuclear , have 50 per cent efficiency at best , and that Britain 's onshore wind farms are the best in Europe .
Nick Medic , of Renewable UK , which represents the wind industry , said Britain 's ambitious targets for green power meant the country ' needed every bit of green energy it could generate ' .
He added : ' If it 's not windy , it 's not profitable , so why would you build ?
No business is going to build something that is not profitable . '
Quotation Details
The great tragedy of Science - the slaying of a beautiful hypothesis by an ugly fact .
Thomas H. Huxley
English biologist ( 1825 - 1895 )
Your Quotations Page
You must be a registered user to use this feature .
Log in using the form to the left , or register as a new user .
You must be a registered user to use this feature .
Log in using the form to the left , or register as a new user .
OTTAWA , March 25 / CNW Telbec / - The Public Service Alliance of Canada condemns the Harper government 's decision to close Canadian Human Rights Commission ( CHRC ) offices in Vancouver , Toronto and Halifax .
The union maintains that the closure of the three offices will make it substantially harder for individuals from marginalized groups to launch human rights complaints .
The three offices slated for closure received 70 per cent of all signed complaints to the CHRC in 2008 .
The union , which represents CHRC employees , says this latest attack will have a particular impact on racialized people and recent immigrants .
In many cases , the closures will make it much more difficult to challenge both systemic abuses and individual instances of discrimination .
For John Gordon , National President of PSAC , the closures are indicative of a strategy by the Conservative government to destabilize human rights organizations and women 's groups in Canada .
" When the Conservatives took power in 2006 , one of their first moves was to abolish the Court Challenges Program and close Status of Women Canada offices across the country , " Gordon said .
" Women 's groups were denied government funding if they engaged in research or advocacy work , and equality - seeking groups lost the ability to fund Charter of Rights challenges .
The government has also cancelled funding to notable NGOs such as KAIROS , and appointed ultra-conservative partisan board members to Rights & Democracy -- manufacturing a massive crisis within the organization .
The closure of CHRC offices is another example of this outrageous trend . "
Canadians living in British Columbia , Ontario and the Atlantic provinces will no longer have access to walk - in or telephone services at a CHRC office even remotely close to where they live .
The urban centres where the CHRC offices are being closed represent a high percentage of racialized people .
In fact , 60 per cent of all racialized people in Canada live in Vancouver , Toronto and Halifax .
In B.C. , residents will no longer have access to a human rights commission of any kind , as the B.C. Human Rights Commission was dismantled by the provincial government five years ago .
PSAC sees the closures of the CHRC offices as part of a broader trend by the Harper government toward self - regulation - something that puts both public safety and human rights into question .
By severely hampering the Canadian Human Rights Commission 's ability to adequately deal with complaints throughout the process , the federal government is relying on employers to voluntarily meet employment equity obligations and address discrimination .
But with no mechanisms for enforcement , the CHRC 's mandate will be reduced to mere suggestions .
" PSAC will fight the closures of the Canadian Human Rights Commission offices and continue to fight the Harper government 's attacks on democracy and human rights , " said Gordon .
For further information : Alain Cossette , PSAC Communications , ( 613 ) 293-9210
Manufacturer of the pictured meter , Equus — yes , I ’m going to spare you the Harry Potter naked with a horse joke — claims it ’s “ your personal home and auto electrical tester . ”
And I ca n’t argue that it looks pretty nice , especially for about $ 17 on the ‘ net .
But that got me to thinking : Exactly what makes a good home and auto multimeter ?
Off the top of my head , I remember recently using my meter to test auto fuses , to check connectivity in some auto stereo wiring , to test out the leads to an errant videogame controller , and to check a battery I suspected was dead .
While I ’d totally love to own a sweet Fluke like Sean ’s , I ’m not sure my measly uses justify the expense .
Or am I out in left field ?
What do you do with your meter around the house ?
And how much would you pay for one ?
Got a favorite ?
Let us know in comments .
Hands - Free DMM ( 10 MegOhm ) Meter [ Equus Products ]
Street Pricing [ Google Products ]
Via Amazon [ What ’s This ? ]
Anne Stuhldreher follows up on the results of Save to Win in the Washington Post .
More than 11,000 Michigan residents opened accounts through the contest , saving $ 8.6 million throughout 2009 .
People can open the accounts — they ’re like certificates of deposit — with as little as $ 25 .
They need to keep their money in for at least a year and can make deposits as small as $ 1 as often as they like .
More than half of the participants said they had n’t saved regularly before opening their accounts .
About 60 percent admitted they played the lottery during the past six months .
And 44 percent earned less than $ 40,000 .
With banks acting like lotteries , maybe it ’s time for lotteries to act like banks .
For people who ca n’t give up the thrill of a scratch off game , state lotteries could sell a , say , $ 5 ticket where $ 4.50 would be sent to a bank account .
Seven other Michigan credit unions have adopted the model .
One manager explained that the lottery style bank account proved more successful than a short - term CD with a 10 percent interest rate !
“ We were very surprised , ” Hubbard said .
“ It ’s a breathtaking penetration rate , especially for a new product and one focused on saving , since that ’s something our members do n’t do . ”
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Tags : lottery , saving
Those of us who want to redirect the course of the pandemic and the climate crisis will have to re-learn how to make moral and political arguments .
Petrol currently costs £ 1.15 a litre on average UK petrol prices could hit a record average high of £ 1.20 a litre in the next few weeks , according to the AA .
Increases in the wholesale price of petrol since January are to blame for the rise in forecourt prices , the motoring organisation said .
It urged the Chancellor , Alistair Darling , to postpone the introduction of a planned 3 p rise in petrol duty due to come in on 1 April .
The average UK price of unleaded petrol is currently just over £ 1.16 a litre .
The previous record UK average high for unleaded was 119.7 p in July 2008 , when global crude oil prices were also at an all - time high .
Regional variations
However , some petrol stations in central London - which the AA says typically have the highest petrol prices in the UK due to their limited number - are already charging £ 1.20 .
HAVE YOUR SAY
High petrol and diesel prices are the only fair way of taxing road use typicallistener According to price comparison website PetrolPrices.com , the BP Park Lane station beside Hyde Park was charging £ 1.20 a litre for unleaded on Monday .
Prices are currently even higher in parts of the Highlands and Islands of Scotland , which the AA says usually have the second highest prices after central London , due to the high distribution costs .
The price of unleaded in Stornoway on the Isle of Lewis was 122.8 p a litre on Monday .
However , prices can be even higher at small , independent owned garages across the UK , as they cannot buy their fuel supplies in bulk .
' Inflation risk ' AA president Edmund King told the BBC : " We all know government finances are in dire straits but a 3 p rise in fuel duty is not good for the economy and could fuel inflation . "
He said that the cost of wholesale petrol had risen by 17 % in the past month , and this had not yet been passed on fully at the pumps .
Therefore , the average price of petrol could hit £ 1.20 before 1 April , he said .
The AA said families now paid £ 52 a month more on petrol than a year ago .
' Complete disgrace '
The price of oil is a major factor in the price of petrol , and yet the current oil price of about $ 80 a barrel is far below the $ 147 - a - barrel high seen in the summer of 2008 , the last time petrol prices neared £ 1.20 a litre .
This has led many to question why petrol costs so much right now .
Lindsay Hoyle , Labour MP on the Commons business committee , told the Daily Telegraph : " Crude oil has gone up this year , but nothing like the rise in petrol prices .
Motorists are being legally mugged at the forecourt by petrol companies . "
He called the current high price of petrol a " complete disgrace " .
Analysts said increased refining costs and the weakening of sterling against the dollar - the currency in which oil is priced - helped to explain some of the increase in petrol prices .
Mr King said a lack of refining capacity in Europe had contributed to the rise in wholesale prices .
" The oil industry needs to look at refining capacity to keep costs down , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Communications Minister Stephen Conroy had planned for the internet filter to be debated this week , but his office confirmed the drafting of the legislation was still not complete and discussions with ISPs and other stakeholders on outstanding issues were still taking place .
With only three Senate sitting days in May during the Budget session , and a growing backlog of Government business , it is unlikely the filter will be presented before June .
" The Government will take the time to ensure that it gets the legislative framework right , " a spokeswoman for Senator Conroy said .
" Discussions with ISPs and owners of high traffic sites on the implementation of ISP filtering are ongoing .
The Government is also considering the responses to the consultation paper on improved transparency and accountability measures which will feed into the legislative framework . "
" The Bill will be introduced when these processes are completed , " the spokeswoman said .
It is not clear whether the internet filtering plan has a chance of getting through the Senate .
The Greens are opposed to the scheme , and the opposition says while it supports in principle measures to protect children online , it has deep reservations about mandatory ISP level filtering .
Shadow communications spokesman Tony Smith said the coalition will wait until the draft legislation is tabled before it formalises a policy on the issue .
The filtering scheme is not the only Communications portfolio legislation being pushed back .
The extensions to the Do Not Call register to include businesses was to have been put to the Senate this week , but also looks certain to be pushed back until the June sittings .
Welcome to QuizJockey .
Please join us for one of the upcoming events below .
Join an Open room to compete againt other players who choose an Open room , or create a Closed room and invite friends to form their own teams to compete against you .
Livestreams
New !
Join an upcoming live session and take the quiz while watching Jay Flynn 's livestream .
Each open room consists of up to 12 teams , closed rooms consist of up to 20 team .
There can be up to 6 players per team .
Jay 's Virtual Pub Quiz : Live !
Week 28 Welcome to another edition of Jay 's Virtual Pub quiz !
2020-10-01 18:40 5 rooms 14 teams 16 players Join
All times listed are in your local timezone .
KIRKUK , Iraq 
The soldiers of Battery B were on a routine walk through a downtown market when they heard the noise : a low crack that was followed by a plume of black smoke 500 yards away .
The soldiers ’ attention sharpened , their assault weapons swung at the ready .
A few months ago , they would have been on the move by now .
But Lt. Christopher Freeman ordered them to stand down .
“ They want us to stay away , ” he said , referring to his counterparts in the Iraqi police force .
Under an agreement that went into effect on July 1 , the American forces could not go to the scene unless the Iraqis asked .
So the soldiers continued their canvass , the smoke streaming in the near distance .
“ You want to react , ” said Lieutenant Freeman , of the Third Battalion , 82nd Field Artillery .
“ You want to make sure no one ’s hurt .
But this is how we do things now .
It ’s not our fight . ”
For American soldiers in most of Iraq  even here in one of the nation ’s most unsettled cities  this is the new reality since July 1 , after United States forces pulled out of urban areas and changed their role from conducting combat missions to aiding the local police and the military .
Soldiers here recited the new mantra : they were here just to support and train ; the fight belonged to the Iraqis now  the essential condition , after nearly seven years , for American troops to go home .
Schedule your own Movie Madness !
US zip code :
With movie ticket prices reaching $ 15 and beyond in most theaters , moviegoers are in an awkward position these days .
No one should ever have to fork over $ 15 to the evil MPAA just to see 85 minutes of whatever Hollywood is currently peddling as entertainment .
So what is the avid , but principled , moviegoer to do ?
Movie Madness is the answer .
The basic premise : see as many movies as you can in one day for the price of a single ticket .
Not only will you be standing up for your rights as a moviegoer by withholding tens of dollars from the movie industry , but you will experience a non-stop , thrilling roller - coaster ride of entertainment and adrenaline .
It 's practically a sport .
However , constructing an efficient schedule is difficult at best , even for the most advanced Movie - Madnessers .
This site is here to aid everyone with a US zip code in scheduling their own Movie Madnesses .
Enter your zip code above and proceed to find out what the options are in your part of the country .
Undertaking a Movie Madness is not recommended for pregnant or elderly persons .
You must be this tall to ride .
Make sure to check out the tips from the experts .
For more background , see this informative interview with Jeremy and Greg by cultureblues.com .
Mobile Madness : Check out GamerSoft 's free Android app for movie scheduling : Movie Marathon -- inspired by Movie Madness !
CAVEAT
Many movie theaters are not suitable for a Movie Madness .
You may not be able to access all theaters with the purchase of a single ticket .
Do a reality check before using these schedules and case the joint ; you 'll be happy you did .
IMDB does not endorse this .
Neither does the MPAA .
But I , Jeremy Stribling .
do .
Email me comments , suggestions , and cool success stories .
Copyright 2004 - 2014 .
Powered by OKWS .
If you are the editor of a print or online publication and would like to syndicate or publish Architexts , click here to find out what you need to do
After finishing off it ’s recent acquisition of Sun and BEA ( earlier ) , Oracle is set to do magic around the heart of Java , Virtual Machines .
Larry had promised that Oracle will continue to innovate in Java , and the first step seems to be on the road .
Oracle is planning to merge the Sun HotSpot Java Virtual Machine with the JRockit JVM , to produce a single JVM with ETA of 18 months to two years .
For the short term , the company will continue to evolve both technologies but the future is bringing best of both worlds together .
“ It ’s not an easy problem taking the best of each , figuring out what the long - term convergence plan is , ” said Reinhold .
“ We ’re not going to just stop doing one of them .
Customers have things in production on both , taking advantage of specific features in both .
We ’re not going to cause an earthquake and make systems fall over .
At some point in time , I expect there will be one VM , ” said Reinhold , Principal Engineer at Oracle .
Practically , it ’s a very tedious work to merge them .
But it makes sense because few features of JRockit like the mission control mechanism is much more advanced .
On the other hand , HotSpot is good at pushing the performance .
“ Our sense with the HotSpot code , especially the server compiler , is there ’s a lot more head room there .
It ’s a lot more - sophisticated system . ”
Apart from that , the Oracle engineer claims that JRockit ’s garbage collector and serviceability , the HotSpot ’s runtime compiler can together complement and supplement each other for even more robust Java applications .
“ its modularity and multilingual capabilities as well as intentions to make it a more productive platform and have it scale down to small devices ” .
If we look at the Java ’s roadmap , Java JDK 7 falls around the same time - span .
It would be interesting to see what Java would look like 2 years from now .
Thoughts ?
For Latest Tech updates in Open Source , Programming , Java , Tech News find us on Twitter @taranfx or subscribe below :
[ via itworld ]
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 0.0/10 ( 0 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
Would you use a math games package that has ideas for making math more fun ?
If so , this package has print and play math games to enhance learning .
Print and play math board games , print and play game sheets , or print and play math card games can make learning more fun .
If you ’re interested , just simply download these e-books for a fast and efficient way to make math games that are interesting and stimulating .
Those among you who feel that Conservapedia - the " conservative encyclopedia you can trust " dedicated to countering liberal bias - is not sufficiently tough on Marxist - Leninist dogma are directed forthwith to Metapedia , the " alternative encyclopedia dedicated to the pro-European cultural struggle " .
Metapedia sets out its stall thus :
Being able to present one 's own definitions of concepts as well as interpretations of various phenomena and historical events is a vital part of every metapolitical and cultural struggle .
This is more important than ever in these modern times , where many concepts have been distorted and lost their original meaning – which can be regarded as a result of our political opponents ' successful cultural struggle .
The possibility to influence the language is vital if you want to shape people 's world view .
The Frankfurt School and their ideological heirs are good examples in this regard , and have been very successful in stigmatizing previously natural and sound values and attitudes and making them seem pathological by inventing and popularizing concepts such as " xenophobia " and the like .
This clearly illustrates the power of language and words , and it is therefore important that we start re-conquering our languages .
Another important purpose of Metapedia is to become a web resource for pro-European activists .
Metapedia makes it easy for our cadres to expand their knowledge on various important subjects , and also functions as a searchable reference .
Furthermore Metapedia gives us the opportunity to present a more balanced and fair image of the pro-European struggle for the general public as well as for academics , who until now have been dependant on strongly biased and hostile " researchers " like Searchlight , Anti-Defamation League , Southern Poverty Law Center , Simon Wiesenthal Centre , and such .
Metapedia wastes no time in clarifying how Cultural Marxists have indeed succeeded in " stigmatising previously natural and sound values and attitudes " .
Here 's its take on anti-racism :
" Anti-racism is the Marxist ideology of opposition to ' racism ' .
According to the Oxford English Dictionary the term ' racist ' was coined by Leon Davidovich Bronstein ( Leon Trotsky ) .
Anti-racism is a major focus of Cultural Marxism . "
Shorter , but no sweeter , is the encyclopedia 's stub on multiculturalism : " Multiculturalism is a Marxist social theory . "
Gotcha .
For further " balanced " and " fair " coverage , check out Adolf Hitler :
" Adolf Hitler ( 20 April 1889 – 30 April 1945 ) German Nationalist , painter , writer , and activist .
He was elected to the German Chancellorship ( Reichskanzler ) in 1933 , and ascended the next year ( 1934 ) to Führer of Germany which he held until his death .
He was the central figure behind the actions and policies of the National Socialist German Workers Party ( Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei ) . "
Ca n't help feeling there 's something important missing there , but then Metapedia 's entries for the Ku Klux Klan , Benito Mussolini , and Rudolf Hess are hardly more enlightening .
In fact , a good percentage of Metapedia 's content seems to be dedicated to Woden , the White Order of Thule , runes , and other subject matter which would undoubtedly have found favour with Aryan hocus - pocus aficionado Heinrich Himmler .
Himmler does n't yet merit a mention on Metapedia , but it might like to take a lead from Wikipedia , which classifies his theology as " Ariosophy , his own religious dogma of racial superiority of the Aryan race and Germanic Meso - Paganism , partly from his interests in folklore and mythology of the ancient Teutonic tribes of Northern Europe " .
Uncomfortably , Wiki also identifies Himmler as " founder and officer - in - charge of the Nazi concentration camps and the Einsatzgruppen death squads [ who ] held final command responsibility for annihilating ' subhumans ' who were deemed unworthy to live " .
We 'll leave it readers to decide if this description is a fair appraisal of the man , or whether the cultural Marxists have been making merry at his expense . ®
Image collection of vintage UFO ’s from the 1930s through the 1980s .
A Houston judge who ruled last week that the procedures surrounding the Texas death penalty are unconstitutional rescinded his ruling Tuesday to schedule a hearing for lawyers on both sides to submit arguments on the issue .
State District Judge Kevin
Fine said , in effect , he was holding his ruling in abeyance until April 12 , when prosecutors and lawyers for capital murder defendant John Green can submit briefs .
A hearing was scheduled for April 27 .
Fine reiterated that his ruling was limited to whether the Texas Code of Criminal Procedure allows for the execution of innocent people .
He said there was no precedent to guide him .
“ There 's nothing in my research that says it is OK to execute innocent people so that we may have a death penalty , ” Fine said from the bench .
He said society 's standards of decency and fairness have changed and , “ what we know , without burying our heads in the sand , is that we have executed innocent people . ”
Fine ruled last week that the Texas capital murder statute , Article 37.071 of the Code of Criminal Procedure , violates due process provisions of the U.S. Constitution .
If the decision stood , and survived appellate review , it would have taken the death penalty off the table in Green 's case .
Green is facing the death penalty after being accused in the robbery and fatal shooting of Huong Thien Nguyen , 34 , on June 16 , 2008 .
Ruling draws fire
Prosecutors said Green approached Nguyen and her sister outside her home in the 6700 block of Bellaire Gardens about 1:20 a.m.
Green is accused of robbing them and shooting both women .
Her sister , My Huong Nguyen , survived .
Fine 's original ruling last week drew fire from Pat Lykos , Harris County 's district attorney , Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott and Gov. Rick Perry for what they called “ judicial activism . ”
Fine 's decision to rescind his ruling Tuesday had courthouse observers scratching their heads .
“ It 's great to shoot first and ask questions later , is n't it ? ” said Adam Gershowitz , an associate professor at the University of Houston Law Center .
“ It 's not as if there 's not three or four decades of death penalty litigation that you might want to consult before ruling the entire death penalty unconstitutional in the state of Texas . ”
Gershowitz , who said he personally opposes the death penalty , said Fine 's actions may be considered noble by some , but the mechanics of his rulings have been bizarre .
“ The idea that a judge is going to rule unconstitutional long - settled public policy in the state of Texas without thorough briefing is bizarre , ” he said .
More litigation
Prosecutors and Green 's attorneys said they looked forward to an expanded hearing .
“ Clearly , I 'm thrilled that he has rescinded his order , ” said Assistant Harris County District Attorney Kari Allen .
“ I understand that is not necessarily him saying that he disagreed with his order , but I am grateful that we have a chance to more fully litigate it . ”
“ For the first time in the state of Texas , or anywhere , we 're going to have a hearing about whether innocent people get executed , ” said defense attorney Casey Keirnan .
“ What I keep saying is , it 's the beginning of the end of the death penalty in Texas . ”
brian.rogers@chron.com
( CNN ) --
The task set by a food blogger seemed deceptively simple :
Eat real food for a month .
More than 900 people signed up for the challenge , and some were confident that it would not be difficult to avoid processed foods for 28 days .
But in the age of potato powders , cheese in a squirt can and microwaveable meals , eating only " real food " turned out to be much more difficult .
On Day One of the challenge , blogger Jennifer McGruther gave this instruction : Purge your pantry of processed foods .
This meant everything with refined oils , white flour , sugar , low - and skimmed - milk products , margarine , processed cheeses , refined salt and dried pastas had to go .
" It does n't matter if the foods are organic or not .
Toss them anyway , " she said .
" You may well have paid good money for the food at one time , but remember , real health comes from real food , and real food never comes from a box . "
Neither a chef nor a nutritionist , McGruther is a full - time real estate office manager and a mother from Crested Butte , Colorado , who enjoys cooking and blogging at Nourished Kitchen.com .
In 2006 , she started gravitating toward a diet of traditional foods because of her interest in nutrition and farmer 's markets .
The purpose of her 28 - day Real Food Challenge was to show readers that eating only real food could be done .
The philosophy behind traditional food is similar to the slow food movement , which originated in Italy more than two decades ago in response to the growing impact of fast food on the traditional Mediterranean lifestyle .
It also espouses locally grown foods and traditional preparations .
By eating real food , " you allow your body and taste buds to reset .
You can taste the full array and subtle nuances in your food , " McGruther said .
Throughout the month , McGruther taught readers how to render lard to avoid refined oils , sprout grain , cultivate yogurt and make cheese instead of using premade convenience products from the store .
Photo Gallery :
How to render lard
Limiting processed foods can be rewarding because it encourages people to eat more fruits and vegetables , said Dawn Jackson Blatner , a registered dietitian and an American Dietetic Association representative .
But she warned against villainizing all processed foods .
Processed food is defined as any food that has undergone a change of character .
For example , edamame would be unprocessed , and tofu would be processed .
Blatner said another example is milk that is pasteurized for safety reasons .
Some traditional food loyalists recommend drinking raw , whole milk .
" I like the idea of less processed foods , but you can find healthy stuff in a package , too , " she said , pointing to low - fat milk , sliced apples and unsalted canned vegetables as examples .
" You have to put everything into perspective .
With any diet , you never want to follow it to such an extreme there 's something wrong with it . "
Whether the philosophy is called " slow foods " or " traditional foods , " it 's gaining momentum thanks to major bestsellers and influential foodies and chefs .
Families who took McGruther 's challenge were stunned by the lack of choices without processed foods .
" I thought we ate healthy , " said Kassandra Mier , a challenge participant .
" I did n't think it'd be a problem .
It was tougher than I thought .
Trying to have a breakfast that did n't have anything processed was time - consuming . "
In the morning , she ground oats and buckwheat to make pancakes and waffles .
She pan - fried eggs and made hash browns from scratch .
" The first week , I did n't think I could continue it , " said Mier , who lives in the suburbs of Toronto in Canada .
" It made it extra work than it would 've been otherwise .
I felt like a slave in the kitchen . "
The upside was her children had such hearty breakfasts , they rarely asked for snacks .
Mier did not completely follow the challenge , because she continued to buy bread from the store and allowed her kids to have cereal once a week .
She hopes to adopt other ideas from the food challenge as she gets faster at food preparation .
Dawn Partlow of Lincoln Park , Michigan , said that throughout the challenge , she prepared simple items including steaks , baked potato and salad , or soup made with previously frozen stock .
" I have to meal plan -- there are grains to be soaked at least overnight , flour to be ground and yogurt to be made .
...
Those things are n't time consuming , but all have to be done in advance , " she said .
But not every participant had such a smooth transition into traditional foods .
" I got rid of tons of stuff -- enough stuff , that I had trouble figuring out what to feed my kids , " said Maggie Towson of Bel Air , Maryland .
After the pantry purge , a trip to the grocery store stunned her .
" There 's little real food in them , " she said .
" That was kind of a shock to realize how limited the choices were . "
She and her two kids were dedicated to the challenge , but Super Bowl parties and special events diverted their focus .
She tried baking sourdough bread ( but she let it rise too long ) and fermenting vegetables ( into sauerkraut , which her kids did n't like ) .
" I was stressed out about not being able to keep up , " Towson said .
" I like to have a checklist and get everything checked off , and it was n't happening . "
But after writing about her frustrations online , the other participants comforted her , and she realized that any small change was an improvement .
Towson , like other participants , said cutting out processed foods was expensive , because grass - fed beef and fresh produce from farmer 's markets cost more .
" Real food costs more , because it 's worth more , " said Nina Planck , author of " Real Food : What to Eat and Why . "
It 's a common complaint about real foods , and it boils down to priorities , Planck said .
" You need to think about where and how you want to spend your money ... , " she said .
" I buy fruits and vegetables in season , in bulk at the farmer 's market .
I do n't need another sweater , but I have to feed my kids every day . "
While the real food challenge may have felt overwhelming , McGruther was optimistic .
" Anyone can do it .
It 's about taking slow steps , learning one piece at a time , " she said .
In 2008 , Google launched a contest called “ Project 10 × 100 ″ asking for ideas on how to improve the world .
They received over 150,000 suggestions and then condensed those ideas down into 16 .
Then they donated $ 10 million to finance them .
Below is the entry I submitted .
The Google 10×100 contest awarded $ 3 million to the Khan Academy after multiple people submitted similar ideas to mine .
Ignorance is the root of all that kills , and true knowledge is the root of all virtue .
The Internet has done an amazing job of educating the masses in ways that were never before possible , and we can already see real - world improvements as a result .
So let ’s take the Internet to its obvious conclusion and streamline that power by giving everyone access to free education .
Make a website where anyone can upload education material .
In addition , have public schools record their classes and / or produce Internet - ready educational videos and give them to the world .
This site would be like a hybrid between YouTube , Wikipedia , any free E - book site and Itunes University .
It will be open source , and anyone can add to its content .
The content would be arranged like a college course listing , except it will include every subject from every grade level .
The structure would be further subdivided into sections / chapters like in a school textbook .
This way people will be able to find the content they want to study .
The site would include videos and downloadable course material for every single class you could ever take in school , from kindergarten to a doctoral degree .
I ’m talking about unlimited , free education for everyone , 24 hours a day , anywhere in the world where there is Internet access .
Children in inner-city school who do n’t have good teachers or can’t concentrate in class because of all the chaos going on around them can watch classes online at night and pick up what they missed or did n’t understand .
People who ca n’t afford to go to college can watch videos of upper - level sociology and anthropology classes .
People with depression can watch psychology classes and come to understand themselves on their own .
People in third world countries can watch videos on farming at their local Internet cafe .
Young professionals could watch law school or philosophy classes on their lunch break .
Poor kids wo n’t ever need to pay for another tutor again .
It wo n’t lead to a degree ( at least , not at first ) .
The site is based on the philosophy that education is more important than degrees because degrees do n’t make people better : education does , and only when our entire society is fully educated will we ever hope to live in an ideal society .
If you enjoyed this post , you ’ll also like these :
The Importance of Public Education
Flaws in the Public Education System
Improving Public Education
Outer space : Nasa 's multi-screen wonder wall
Hyperwall - 2 is spread across 128 monitors and is used for a multitude of purposes such as displaying images from Nasa 's Spitzer Space Telescope ( as shown above )
You may think you 've got a pretty good widescreen set - up at home , but nothing comes close to Nasa 's hyperwall - 2 .
Used for a multitude of purposes , from weather and national disaster observations to displaying images from Nasa 's Spitzer Space Telescope - as shown here - the quarter - of - a- billion - pixel , 128 - screen , 23 ft - wide LCD array is the world 's highest - resolution display system .
Here , a Nasa analyst is examining a colourised image of part of the centre of our galaxy .
The blue specks are Milky Way stars , and the bluish - white haze in the background is light from older star clusters .
In the top left of the picture ( the third screen along ) you can see the Black Widow Nebula , ten thousand light years away .
Installed at Nasa 's Ames Research Centre in 2008 , the system is powered by 128 graphics - processing units with 1,024 processor cores , running at speeds of up to 74 teraflops - that 's 74 trillion calculations per second , the equivalent of over 300 PS3 consoles .
But all this power is n't being used to play giant games of Modern Warfare 2 - it enables scientists to analyse massive data sets and run simulations that might take weeks on lesser computers .
Advertisements
Not many people have noticed , but something very interesting has happened within the right wing of American politics .
It seems that not everyone likes the poster child for winger rage , Glenn Beck .
World Net Daily and Beck have been trading shots and jabs for months now , because Beck has been mocking the birthers , who have in turn labeled Beck a left winger .
For months , Beck has been tearing apart the birthers .
In January , Beck called the birther conspiracy the dumbest thing that he is ever heard .
Here is the audio :
Advertisements
Beck said that birtherism relies on the idea that Obama , “ Did n’t preemptively plant as a story as a newborn that maybe he was born in the United States of America . ”
Beck said , “ As the guy who the media says is the king of conspiracy theories , all I do are forward conspiracy theories .
Let me forward this conspiracy , he was born here because it seems a little unlikely that somebody planted the birth records in the news papers .
Now you would say why does n’t he just produce ?
Good question that one kept me up for minutes . ”
Of course this has led the folks over at World Net Daily aka Birther Central to attack Beck .
The top story on their website today makes the case that Glenn Beck is a liberal because in a recent interview he said , “ You ’d be an idiot not to notice the temperature change , ” and he pointed out that he uses energy efficient products in his home . ”
However , that is not the only reason that Beck is a liberal according to WND .
There is also the fact that he likes George Clooney , who is a liberal , “ Beck also has lots of friends on the other side of the political spectrum , he reveals in the USA Weekend piece .
He calls George Clooney “ a good , honest man . ”
Beck says the two of them had an extended conversation about the genocide in Darfur . ”
WND wants its readers to believe that Beck is not a real winger because he uses certain products and he knows some liberals , which is a ridiculous cover argument for the true source of their anger .
Glenn Beck has not only rejected the birthers .
He treats them like they are a total joke .
Glenn
Beck will take a ride with almost any conspiracy theory , but not the birthers .
What this spat illustrates is the split between the tea baggers and the birthers .
As the tea party movement has been co-opted and mainstreamed by the GOP , many of the fringe right wingers that make up the party ’s base are growing increasingly disgruntled .
A birther and tea bagger are not always one in the same , and they both appear ready to do battle over the future ideology of the GOP .
Enlarge By Dave Einsel , for USA TODAY Eric and Jennifer Harvey pose with their children Dasia Mundine , 14 , right , Samari Harvey , 4 , and Arianne Harvey , 1 , at their home in Houston on Feb. 20 .
The upcoming Census will be the second that allows people to select more than one race .
" I continue to fill out my race no matter what .
I do n't want to hide myself from people .
I want to be upfront .
This is what I am .
This is who I am . "
- Cecilio Palacio , Jr. , 18 DIVERSE USA DIVERSE USA Multiracial no longer boxed in by the Census Jennifer Harvey was raised by her white mother and white stepfather in what she calls " a Caucasian world . "
Harvey never met her father but she knew he was black and Cuban .
That made her Hispanic , white and black .
" Blacks think I 'm black , " she says .
" Hispanics think I 'm Hispanic .
Honestly , I do n't identify with either bucket wholeheartedly — Caucasian , black or Hispanic . "
After high school , living on her own in Alabama , she applied for a new driver 's license .
The state , on its own , identified her as black .
" I felt I had been branded something I was n't , " says Harvey , 40 , an administrative assistant for a Houston energy company .
This month , the Census Bureau will remind Americans that racial classifications remain an integral part of the country 's social and legal fabric while , at the same time , recognizing that racial lines are blurring for a growing number of people such as Harvey .
The government will give the nation 's more than 308 million people the opportunity to define their racial makeup as one race or more .
The agency expects the number of people who choose multiple races to be significantly higher than the 2000 Census , when the government first allowed more than one race choice .
Responses to this year 's survey will provide for the first time a glimpse at the evolution of racial identification :
Those who were children in 2000 and were identified as one race by their parents may respond differently as adults today and select more than one .
" It 's a historic opportunity to see how things have changed or how things have not changed , " says Nicholas Jones , chief of the Census Bureau racial statistics branch .
Multiracial Americans are " one of the fastest - growing demographic groups in the country .
There 's an increasing number of children born to parents of different races . "
PHOTOS : Readers and the race question CENSUS Q&A : What you need to know KEY DATES : How Census counts America
When Barack Obama was elected the nation 's first black president in 2008 , some academics and political analysts suggested the watershed event could represent the dawning of a post - racial era in a land that has struggled over race relations for four centuries .
At the same time , growing ethnic and racial diversity fueled by record immigration and rates of interracial marriages have made the USA 's demographics far more complex .
By 2050 , there will be no racial or ethnic majority as the share of non-Hispanic whites slips below 50 % , according to Census projections .
" It 's showing that tomorrow 's children and their children will in fact be multiracial , leading to a potential post- racial society , " says William Frey , demographer at the Brookings Institution .
" The issue is n't just multirace , " says Census historian Margo Anderson , professor at the University of Wisconsin - Milwaukee .
" It 's the blurring of the very traditional black vs. white .
Categories that held until about 1980 are shifting in large numbers . …
The clarity is breaking down . "
Census forms on the way 2010 Census forms will arrive in more than 135 million households by the middle of March .
Two of the 10 questions on the form will prompt soul - searching for some multiracial people such as Harvey and routine responses from millions of other Americans .
Question No. 8 asks if anyone in the household is Hispanic , Latino or of Spanish origin .
That 's a question about ethnicity .
Question No. 9 asks the race of every person in the household — regardless of whether they 're Hispanic .
The instructions specify " Mark one or more boxes . "
Choices include white , black , American Indian or Alaska Native , Asian , Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander .
It also has one more box : " Some other race . "
That 's the catch - all category that many Hispanics and people who do n't see themselves as fitting in existing race categories pick .
In the past , it also has lured wags who write in their race as " human , " " Vulcan " or " Texan . "
Why does the government ask about race and ethnicity ?
Federal agencies need the information to monitor compliance with anti-discrimination laws such as the Voting Rights Act and the Civil Rights Act , fair employment practices and affirmative action mandates .
Only 2.3 % of the population — about 7 million — identify themselves as being of more than one race , according to recent Census surveys .
That figure has remained constant since 2000 .
But mixed - race marriages have jumped 20 % since 2000 to 4.5 million , or 8 % of the total .
The number reporting more than one race may seem small , Frey says , because for generations , there had not been wide social acceptance of mixed - race individuals .
" A lot of people who were part American Indian never said they were part American Indian until it became more popular to do that , " Frey says .
" It 's not in their consciousness as much as it might be in the future . "
Jones agrees .
" If the trends continue — rising number of interracial relationships and marriages , rising number of births ( in ) those relationships and increasing awareness of racial identity — we may see an increase " in people listing themselves as multiracial , he says .
For Harvey , the gap between genetic reality and life experiences sent her in search of her " blackness " and on a lifelong struggle with racial identity .
Her quest caused a break with her family that has since been patched .
She has three daughters now .
Their fathers are black .
Harvey likes the chance in this year 's Census to identify all the races in her heritage but still is not sure what she 'll report for her daughters .
" The youngest ( 4 years old ) wants to be identified as black , " she says .
" I 'm still grappling with that .
If I can get Hispanic and black for them , that 's the ideal . "
A biracial president Obama , born to a black father and a white mother , is not only the first black president but the first biracial president .
During his successful campaign in 2008 , Obama referred to himself as black but also referred to his roots in Hawaii , where he was raised by his white mother .
When the Obamas ' Census form arrives at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. , will he identify himself as black or as black and white ?
The White House declines to say .
The Census may never truly reflect the actual number of people in the USA who are of more than one race .
That 's because responses are based on how people view themselves , how they think they are perceived or how they choose to be represented in the national count .
" The issue of perception is central , " says Ann Morning , a sociology professor at New York University .
In an article titled " Who is Multiracial ? " she estimated that about one - third of the U.S. population has some mixed - racial ancestry going back several generations .
She predicts young generations will be more embracing of their multiracial heritage .
Morning is African American .
But she also has English , Chinese and American Indian ancestry .
Since 2000 , she has checked off black , white , Asian and American Indian .
" The bigger thing is how I will mark my daughters , " Morning says .
Their dad is Italian and she believes most people will look at her daughters as white .
For now , she 'll check all the boxes for them , too .
" There is a segment of the community that is very proud of having multiple ethnicities or backgrounds , " Jones says .
High school senior Cecilio Palacio Jr. , 18 , has a black mother and a black Panamanian father .
When he was filling out job applications last summer , he was stymied by the race questions .
" My dad said : ' Why do n't you just say other ? ' " Palacio says .
" I continue to fill out my race no matter what .
I do n't want to hide myself from people .
I want to be upfront .
This is what I am .
This is who I am . "
Most people view him as black , but he says that he speaks Spanish and does n't consider himself more black than Hispanic .
He will check " Hispanic " on the ethnicity question and " black " on the race question .
Mixed marriages on the rise Racial identity is increasingly muddled as the number of mixed - race unions grows : • About three of 10 marriages involving Hispanics or Asians are now mixed - race , and almost one of six involving blacks are mixed race , according to an analysis by demographer Frey .
• About 9 % of marriages involving non-Hispanic whites are mixed .
•
A 10th or more of all marriages in 13 states — most in the West — were mixed race in 2008 .
•
Thirty - six states had at least a 20 % increase in mixed - race marriages since 2000 , including Florida , Virginia and Texas .
A fifth of marriages in California and New Mexico were mixed .
" For some , the multirace response option represented an opportunity to acknowledge both parents , " says Roderick Harrison , a demographer at Howard University and the Joint Center for Political and Economic Studies in Washington .
" But for a lot of others , it 's like , ' OK , are you going to turn your back on the rest of us ? ' …
A lot of the racial and ethnic politics of the Census are that we want the biggest numbers possible for our groups . "
The Census has a long - lasting effect on politics and money .
Population counts every 10 years decide the number of seats every state gets in the U.S. House of Representatives and determine how more than $ 400 billion a year in federal aid is allocated .
" I know it 's valuable information if you 're doing economic development or dispense certain amount of money to areas that need it , " says Stewart Cockburn , 39 , who lost his job in textile sales in September .
" My point about race in general in this country is that we 're just never going to get past it if we keep asking about it . "
Cockburn , of Greensboro , N.C. , says he 's Scottish and Irish and has a great - grandmother who was Cherokee .
" I do n't understand why everyone makes such a big deal about race , " he says .
" Maybe one day we will no longer care about race , ethnicity or the color of another person 's skin . "
Donna Edwards , of Santa Monica , Calif. , says it 's important that the federal government allows people to identify more than one race .
" It 's about time , is n't it ? " says Edwards , who is half Japanese and half German / Scottish / Welsh and spent years frustrated by forms that boxed her into one or the other .
" That was annoying , " says Edwards , 50 , a freelance production supervisor of national TV ads .
" I would sit there for about a minute and get a little miffed and I would end up picking white .
…
Is n't that reverse discrimination ?
I could no more say I 'm just white than I could say I 'm just Japanese . "
Surveys suggest that younger generations are much less concerned with race than older Americans , Harrison says .
" For the younger part of our society , race is going to be less of a factor when they decide partners , whom they 're going to church with , where they 're going to live , " Frey says .
" It wo n't be exactly color - blind but much more color - blind . "
In this day and age , Edwards says , " with all the travel we can do , we 're not all going to be white or black . …
At some point we 're all going to be so mixed we 're all going to be the same color . "
Contributing : Mimi Hall Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Our planet is a weird place .
I can imagine visiting Antactica , seeing nothing but white ice and gray rocks for days on end ... but then , how would you react when you saw this ?
Yegads !
That is a part of Taylor Glacier , specifically the Blood Falls , located in the dry valleys of Antarctica .
Apparently , a lake was covered by the glacier about 2 million years ago , trapping the microbial life inside .
They have evolved independently of outside life for all that time , and were discovered due to a few leaks from under the glacier .
The water coming out is red due to iron , and is incredibly salty with almost no oxygen in it .
The microbes -- 17 different kinds have been found there -- must use sulfur as a catalyst instead of oxygen , which has never been seen before .
It 's always surprising when an entirely alien ecosystem is found on Earth .
It makes me hopeful that when we start to explore other planets , we 'll find life in splendid and incredible varieties .
Nature is clever , vast , and has had a long long time in the lab to experiment .
If we can find things so alien in a place so familiar , what will happen when we explore a truly alien world ?
Image credit : United States Antarctic Program Photo Library
rvliscano posted
06/07/2013 , 09:08
The best game of the generation and one of the better i've ever play
Message | Report
The best game of the generation and one of the better i've ever play
curl - 6 posted
08/05/2013 , 09:08
Deserved to sell more ; best WRPG of the generation .
Message | Report Deserved to sell more ; best WRPG of the generation .
DitchPlaya posted
31/03/2012 , 03:30
Sales have been picking up recently , hopefully the franchise gets the attention it deserves , PS3 port helped a lot with that at least .
Message | Report Sales have been picking up recently , hopefully the franchise gets the attention it deserves , PS3 port helped a lot with that at least .
yo_john117 posted
21/01/2012 , 07:03
Really osama ?
Message | Report Really osama ?
haxxiy posted
12/01/2012 , 11:34
@osamanobama
I bet people have similar opinions about rhe games you obviously prefer , so why bother ?
Message | Report @osamanobama
I bet people have similar opinions about rhe games you obviously prefer , so why bother ?
Paul Dennis is highly unimpressed by the Independent 's editorial this morning and has responded in the comments with an angry denunciation , which is , in my opinion , thoroughly deserved .
I am growing tired of the lazy , careless and vacuous journalism that seeks to smear by insinuation .
This newspaper asserts that 2 prominent climate bloggers ( who spoke at the Heartland Institute ) who associate with Paul Dennis a 54 year old climate researcher at the University of East Anglia .
I do n't know what the Independent is trying to insinuate but to me associate in this context strikes of conspiracy , subterfuge etc .
A few minutes checking archives would have revealed that my association is that I have written several comments relating to isotope geochemistry and how it may be used to determine past climates at several websites , including climate audit , WUWT , and Air Vent .
I am passionate about the public understanding of science and making my science accessible to others .
One way , in this modern age , is to engage in blogs .
A little more research might have shown the journalists that I also hold some small grants to enable me to develop science education programmes that involve schools in some of my research and that are also to develop ' open notebook ' science methds in teaching and research .
For those who are unaware open noterbook science is the complete publishing of lab notebooks on the web , raw data , successful and unsuccesful experiments , comments etc .
It is the laying out of the genesis of ideas , development of hypotheses and tests , the experimental approach through to interpretation , write up , publication .
In addition my laboratory is completely open to anyone who would like to visit and see how we use isotope geochemistry as a tool to understanding natural processes .
I have never met any of the bloggers referred to in the article .
I sent Jeff
Id a copy of an important paper I wrote with colleagues on climate at the southern end of the Antarctic Peninsula , which by the way showed a strong warming .
I wrote to Steve McIntyre once to invite him to give a seminar , and I also wrote to ask if he was aware of anything on the web that could have been hacked from UEA computers .
Attempts to paint me a ' denier ' ( see the article headline are way clear of the mark and I take it very much as an insult .
It is because of this lazy reporting and repeating of memes that I refuse to talk to any newspaper journalist including Paul Bignell of the Independent on Sunday .
Paul Dennis
A female blogger is angry - very angry - at the way that Google Buzz assumes she wants to show everyone who she 's been emailing
Owch .
Google Buzz has demonstrated precisely why - and how - engineers really should n't be let loose with human relationships .
In an angry ( and swear - ful , if you 're sensitive ) posting , " Harriet Jacobs " * takes the search engine giant to task for revealing , through Buzz , her present relationships to " my abusive ex-husband " .
She explains :
" I use my private Gmail account to email my boyfriend and my mother .
There 's a BIG drop - off between them and my other " most frequent " contacts .
" You know who my third most frequent contact is ?
My abusive ex-husband .
" Which is why it 's SO EXCITING , Google , that you AUTOMATICALLY allowed all my most frequent contacts access to my Reader , including all the comments I 've made on Reader items , usually shared with my boyfriend , who I had NO REASON to hide my current location or workplace from , and never did .
" My other most frequent contacts ?
Other friends of [ boyfriend ] Flint's .
" Oh , also , people who email my ANONYMOUS blog account , which gets forwarded to my personal account .
They are frequent contacts as well .
Most of them , they are nice people .
Some of them are probably nice but a little unbalanced and scary .
A minority of them — but the minority that emails me the most , thus becoming FREQUENT — are psychotic men who think I deserve to be raped because I keep a blog about how I do not deserve to be raped , and this apparently causes the Hulk rage . "
To which of course Google will say ( adopt meerkat voice ) " Just edit your public profile !
Simples ! "
Jacobs 's rejoinder :
" I can't block these people , because I never made a Google profile or Buzz profile , due to privacy concerns ( apparently and resoundingly founded ! ) .
Which does n't matter anyway , because every time I do block them , they are following me again in an hour .
I 'm hoping that they , like me , do not realize and are not intentionally following me , but that 's the optimistic half of the glass .
My pessimistic half is of the abyss , and it is staring back at you with a redolent stink - eye . "
This , of course , is the failure of the engineering imagination to deal with the reality of human interaction .
Google tested Buzz internally a great deal before releasing it ( the product was called " Taco Town " during testing ) but the weakness of that is that it does n't have many people who really hate each other internally .
Or perhaps none .
And of course stalking would be the sort of thing that would lose you your job at Google .
It 's when you get into the grey outside world though that the black - and - white certainties that Google thinks it can apply to search ( but which it actually tweaks repeatedly to stave off the people trying to game the search results ) break down .
And quickly .
We can hope that this real - world example will demonstrate to Google that it has made a real mistake by not letting people opt very carefully in to Buzz .
But the question is , will it ?
* It 's a pseudonym .
( Ta , Robin Wauters at TechCrunch . )
putting the processing pedal to the metal
Supercomputers may be able to perform calculations at the speed of light , and maybe slightly faster if we 're feeling adventurous , according to a pair of studies .
Since the dawn of computers , the processing power of just about every computing device out there has been pushed ever upwards .
Today ’s mediocre laptops are faster than ten year old supercomputers and a modern supercomputer can carry out more than a quadrillion floating point operations per second , enough to take on complex problems in astrophysics , climatology , artificial intelligence experiments and weapons development .
And with some very encouraging steps towards fully fledged quantum computing coming from physicists , the future looks bright for the computing equivalents of a Formula 1 race car .
The supercomputers of the next decade might be capable of building entire virtual worlds and computing algorithms which are out of reach of today ’s machines thanks to gains in both efficiency and speed .
We may even see the emergence of extremely detailed and involved virtual worlds like that of The Matrix and Tron coming out of computer science labs …
However , even if we manage to overcome every design challenge along the way to build supercomputers that shatter the speed records of the previous generation , there is a limit to what they could do .
It ’s not even a limit imposed by the materials from which the machines will be made but rather , the rules of physics could act as the governor for the supercomputers ’ speedometers .
The most efficient quantum devices should theoretically max out at 100 exaflops , or 100 quintillion floating point operations per second , making them roughly 50,000 times faster than modern supercomputers .
This computational limit was proposed by Professors Lev Levitin and Tommaso Toffoli who estimated the smallest amount of time it takes to process the simplest operations in quantum computing and used it to derive an equation to calculate the maximum processing speed that will be achieved by a relatively “ conventional ” machine .
Any further gains in processing speed would require new technologies based around exchanging information with light , i.e. optical computers which Levitin and Toffoli do n’t take into account , declaring quantum machines as the pinnacle of computing achievement .
But once again there ’s a physical limit on how fast optical computers can operate .
Information ca n’t travel any faster than 299,792,458 meters per second and trying to exceed this universal constraint would require a new kind of particle called a tachyon .
Problem is that tachyons are just a hypothetical construct and would probably disintegrate the instant they had to deal with the physical constraints of our slower than light cosmos .
Even if they do exist in some hidden cosmic manifold , they just wo n’t work for a computing device .
And yet , there may be a way out of this dilemma through a little quantum mechanical trick .
By making a computer ’s innards from exotic materials with a negative refractive index , you could channel the photons in the machine to split into a number of electron / positron pairs which will collapse back into a photon .
That would allow the photon to travel at superluminal speeds for a small part of its journey .
And as odd as it may seem , because this pair would be entangled ( or described by the same quantum wave function ) , it should preserve the integrity of the data being carried , allowing the hypercomputers of the far future to crack the light speed barrier by just a little bit .
Still , there are a few problems with this idea .
The pair of Austrian researchers who presented it do n’t seem to take into account the overhead required to make optical computers work and their proposal calls for a hybrid photonic / quantum machine which works with photons and handles quantum entanglement at the same time in order to prevent the potential data loss if the electron / positron pairs simply annihilate each other , potentially breaking the computer , or if the photon into which they recombine is described by a different waveform than it was when it left towards the sensor .
Given the increase in the energy consumption , risk of data corruption or outright loss , and added complexity to an already complicated system , would the slight gain in speed even be worth it ?
Maybe we should just go with the laws of physics on this one unless a new breakthrough gives us a pain - free way to exceed the limitations of photons and keep the integrity of our data ?
See : Levitin , L. , & Toffoli , T. ( 2009 ) .
Fundamental Limit on the Rate of Quantum Dynamics : The Unified Bound Is Tight Physical Review Letters , 103 ( 16 ) DOI : 10.1103/PhysRevLett.103.160502
Putz , V. & Svozil , K. ( 2010 ) .
Can a computer be “ pushed ” to perform faster - than - light ?
arXiv : 1003.1238v2
The Home Office said people must know what they can expect from police A Home Office campaign stating that police can now be expected to spend 80 % of their time on the beat has been banned by the advertising watchdog .
The Advertising Standards Authority ( ASA ) said the advert did not make clear time spent " on the beat " included duties other than foot patrols .
It said the television advert must not be broadcast again in its current form .
The Home Office said it was " extremely disappointed " .
It said the advert told people what to expect from police .
The ASA said the advertisement broke its rules on being " legal , decent , honest , truthful " .
It said that as well as having a misleading definition of " on the beat " , the advert failed to make it clear which officers it referred to .
The pledge does not apply to all 140,000 police officers in England and Wales , only to 13,500 neighbourhood constables and 16,000 community support officers in neighbourhood policing teams .
Unless the public know what they have been promised , they cannot then hold their local forces to account
Home Office
The ASA ruling said : " The ad must not be broadcast again in its current form .
We told the Home Office to ensure the basis of claims was made clear in future .
We also told them to ensure they held adequate substantiation for future claims . "
The adjudication is due to be officially published next week , however a copy of the report was leaked to a national newspaper .
The ASA said it would not comment on the adjudication ahead of its official release , but said it was " disappointed " the report had been leaked ahead of time .
The police advert is part of a campaign intended to make clear what the public can expect from the police .
It features a youth in a hooded top trying to steal a police badge but being taken away by officers .
Meaning ' explicitly clear
The advert says the 80 % beat pledge means the public will be seeing " a lot more " of the police " and so will any criminals " .
A Home Office spokesman said : " We believe that ' on the beat ' is a recognised term for what the police do whilst working in neighbourhoods and engaging with communities .
" This can be patrolling , talking to the public in the street , attending a residents ' meeting , challenging people 's actions or behaviour and of course , where necessary , making arrests .
" We also believe that the adverts made it explicitly clear in the voice - over that it was Neighbourhood Policing Teams who would be out on the beat .
" Unless the public know what they have been promised , they cannot then hold their local forces to account if they fail to achieve the standard . "
Shadow home secretary Chris Grayling said : " Labour will stop at nothing to mislead the country and they seem willing to spend huge sums of honest taxpayers ' money to achieve it .
" We can't go on like this .
This government has got to realise that the British public deserve better . "
Liberal Democrat home affairs spokesman Chris Huhne said : " Voters should not be fooled by Labour claims about the time police officers spend on the beat , as neither Labour nor the Tories are prepared to commit to increasing police numbers . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
An astonishing investigation that you will be talking about tomorrow !
play
On The Origin of Species
all life on Earth is descended from an ancient population that lacked most of the diversity that we see in modern life
On the Origins of Species
i.e
Karl Popper : The Problem of Demarcation : ( Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy ) .
Science as Falsification where Karl Popper describes how he was led to think about the nature of science based on the contrast between Einstein on one hand , and Freud , Marx , and Alder on the other hand .
Popper expressed doubt about whether evolutionary theory was testable , but later conceded that it was indeed testable .
Scienceand Pseudo - Science : Karl Popper :( Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy ) .
An excellent essay placing Popper and his ideas in the context of subsequent developments in the philosophy of science .
Evolution and Philosophy : Is Evolution Science , and What Does' Science ' Mean ? by John S. Wilkins
Polaroid film died a while back , but then was reborn with plans to re-release the old instant film cameras and the famous Color 600 instant film .
We got our first sneak peek at what the new Polaroid film cameras will look like when they hit the storefronts later this year .
It looks like Polaroid will be offering some unique finishes for the new instant shooter , including a wood - grain finish as shown in the mockup above .
The new camera will be called the PIC 1000 and should cost less than $ 100 .
Supported by a strategic relationship with Summit Global Group , a longtime Polaroid partner , and The Impossible Project , the manufacturer of classic film for Polaroid film cameras , Polaroid will offer a completely redesigned , modern version of the Polaroid OneStep camera , the PIC 1000 .
The PIC 1000 will be available in a range of fun colors and use classic Polaroid Color 600 Instant Film to produce the brand ’s classic white border instant pictures .
The Polaroid Color 600 Instant Film will work with both classic and new Polaroid cameras and will be offered in packs of 10 pictures .
The new classic PIC 1000 camera and instant color film will be available at national retailers in 2010 .
- Polaroid Press Release
RFID
Talk about function creep .
A new product , the RosettaStone ( www.personalrosettastone.com), guarantees that RFID will follow you straight to your grave .
The RosettaStone is a palm - size stone tablet representing the deceased .
It bears an RFID tag that communicates with mobile phones — directing users to an Internet memorial archive .
That archive might contain photos and recordings of the departed , or notes made by others “ left below . ’’
The RosettaStone uses the RFID technology , Near Field Communication , or NFC , which is likely to become standard issue on new mobile phones by 2012 .
( The RFID industry is promoting NFC as a handy way to make contactless payments and other transactions . )
Do n’t own an NFC phone ?
You can always raise a departed one ’s data , by punching the URL on the RosettaStone into your handset .
The device works as an heirloom or memento , which you can keep in a leather and felt pouch .
( Imagine handing the stones out at a funeral . )
You can also have the RosettaStone affixed , or inlaid , on a headstone , according to its manufacturer , Phoenix - based Objecs , LLC .
The RosettaStone is available as a piece of granite , or travertine — the latter looks like it came from a set of runes you would find in a Wiccan store in Salem .
Prices start at a little more than $ 200 , and include lifetime access to the online memorial database .
You can order your RosettaStone to be marked with several of Objecs ’ own weird hieroglyphs .
Say you are memorializing a professor .
You might choose the symbol depicting a figure at a podium .
There are also symbols for cops , crooks , bowlers , babies ( I know , sad ) , guitar players , and many others .
Objecs says it will soon have a New England distributor for the RosettaStone , so it might not be long before RFID - tagged tombstones begin popping - up in Forest Hills Cemetery .
E -Readers Tablet will make notebook obsolete 2010 is continuing to prove itself to be the year of the e-reader .
2010 is continuing to prove itself to be the year of the e-reader .
Samsung Electronics America Inc. recently unveiled its first for the US market .
Called the Samsung Reader , the device is stuffed with useful features , which might make it the perfect replacement for that expensive , hipster - doofus , Moleskine notebook you ’ve been carrying .
The Reader , which will be available this spring for about $ 300 , has a slide - out navigation pad , and a stylus you can use to take and send notes , and highlight passages in the texts you are reading .
The Wi-Fi Reader has a 6 - inch , 600 x 800 pixel , eight - gray scale , E Ink screen .
It supports ePub , PDF , TXT , and the BMP and JPG picture formats .
Through a deal with Barnes and Noble , Samsung says you will be able to use the Reader to buy most bestsellers for about $ 10 a pop .
The Reader has 2GB of built - in memory .
That ’s enough for 1,500 books , according to Samsung .
The eReader also doubles as an MP3 player , and a text - to - speech device for the visually impaired .
You can listen to the audio from your eReader via its headphone jack , or wirelessly , via its Bluetooth connection .
The Reader also communicates directly with other Samsung e-readers , via something the company calls , EmoLink .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
Light - emitting diodes ( LEDs ) may be backlighting your television and mobile phone screens , but they have yet to come to lamps and lighting systems for homes and businesses .
Now , new technology is whittling down costs , making them more practical choices .
The latest advancement comes from LED maker Bridgelux , offering a new LED light for just $ 20 .
This is a big drop from the previous price point of about $ 50 , according to Birdgelux CEO Bill Watkins .
That said , it ’s still much higher than prices for incandescent and compact fluorescent bulbs , which range from $ 2 to $ 10 in cost .
That ’s why the company plans to go after the retail and commercial markets first .
Because they keep closer tabs on energy costs and savings than homeowners , businesses are more likely to see how much energy and money they stand to save by installing super efficient LEDs .
Watkins said the energy savings alone pay for the lights in about two years .
“ We ’re really trying to enable our customers to embrace LEDs , ” said Jason Posselt , vice president of marketing .
“ It ’s all a question of how to hit a cost point that get ’s people to transfer over . ”
The company sees itself as competing more with traditional lighting makers than other LED companies like Cree or Luminus Devices .
Price is n’t the only thing that makes the new light , called the Helieon , special .
It also comes paired with a special socket , made by socket - specialist Molex , so that it can be easily removed from fixtures and replaced , just like a regular light bulb .
This is another leap ahead for the LED industry , which has been churning out fixtures with permanent LEDs built in .
In those models , when you want to change one of the lights — because its burnt out or you want a different color or intensity — you have to tear out the whole fixture .
With LEDs rapidly becoming even more efficient , every day , being able to easily swap individual units out is increasingly vital .
“ New arrays in February were 30 to 60 more efficient and 20 to 30 percent lower in cost , ” Posselt said .
“ When the price hits $ 10 , it will be an obvious buy for everybody .
We ’ve given them the flexibility to evolve as the technology evolves . ”
The basic Helieon emits the same amount of light as a 60 - watt incandescent bulb , but uses a tiny amount of energy to run it by comparison .
It is also available in a variety of brightnesses , beam shapes ( more focused or diffused ) , and colors — a cool office white or a warmer living room white , for example .
The light - socket pairing also comes in different sizes .
Right now , the diameter of the socket is 80 millimeters , but a 50 - millimeter version is forthcoming , as well as larger editions , well - suited to big warehouses or outdoor municipal illumination like street lights .
But you ’re not going to see the light on Home Depot shelves just yet .
Instead , in May , the company will start marketing its new light to luminaire makers — the architects , contractors and manufacturers that actually build lighting systems .
Once it catches on among the people who actually install lighting in stores and offices , the company may start selling direct , Watkins said .
Bridgelux already has a roster of 200 luminaire maker clients but is actively looking for more .
LEDs have been in the news recently due to a shortage in the materials used to make them .
Apparently , television and other screen makers have been gobbling them up for backlighting purposes .
While Watkins emits the market is tighter than it has been , he says Bridgelux is n’t concerned about the shortage ’s impact on its operations .
“ Not a lot of these companies are using the LEDs used for bright lights .
We ’re the only company that ’s 100 percent focused on general lighting applications , ” he said .
“ So we do n’t really care about TVs or Christmas lights . ”
Rather than being concerned about the future , the company is looking ahead to a time when it can introduce more advanced functionality to its lighting systems .
In the past , Watkins has said it would be possible to automate LEDs to turn on or off at certain times , or to track when people are present or not , to even further reduce energy costs .
But this is n’t one of Bridgelux ’s top goals for now .
“ We are breaking through barriers : the first was getting a working light , now its about cost — after that we can start adding functionality like lighting controls and appearances , ” Watkins said .
“ But the market is n’t there yet .
The idea of having replacable lights is pretty revolutionary . ”
Bridgelux also recently closed a funding round of $ 34.3 million , according to a filing with the SEC .
Watkins says the new money came from existing investors , including Chrysalix Energy , VantagePoint Venture Partners and El Dorado Ventures , in addition to a few new undisclosed firms .
The round will be used to grow business for the Helieon while continuing R&D to make LEDs more efficient .
The Heleion and Molex socket are currently being manufactured in the U.S. , but these operations will probably be moved to China , Mexico or Malaysia .
Based in Livermore , Calif. , Bridgelux has 138 employees .
Tags : LEDs
Companies : BridgeLux , Cree , Luminus Devices
People : Bill Watkins
Copyright 2010 VentureBeat .
All Rights Reserved .
ExxonMobil 's buyout of XTO Energy was the story of December .
It might be the story of 2009 .
But equally important are the details now emerging about the deal .
Particularly the " escape hatch " that Exxon built in .
Exxon is buying XTO to get into the shale gas game .
Shale gas is one of the true revolutions we 've seen across the commodities space over the last decade .
And XTO has the expertise Exxon needs to quickly become a heavyweight in this arena .
But not everyone is convinced shale gas is a boon .
Particularly environmentalists , who fear that the multi-stage fracs used to complete most shale gas wells could pollute local groundwater supplies .
As I 've written before , the " anti- frac " movement is gaining momentum in the U.S.
The major bone of contention is a 2005 law that exempts fracking from Environmental Protection Agency oversight .
Allowing gas producers to frac wells without having to complete costly and time - consuming environmental impact studies .
There have lately been calls to re-visit that exemption .
Several members of Congress have pledged to hold hearings on the environmental impact of fracking .
This could start happening early in 2010 .
And Exxon 's buyout of XTO is bringing this issue to a head .
Opponents of fracking realize that if Exxon is making an acquisition of this size , the major plans to develop shale gas on a major scale .
Which of course , is raising a lot of concern .
Exxon is taking the opposition very seriously .
So much so that ( as revealed last week ) they have included a clause in the XTO buyout allowing them to back out if Congress bans fracking or passes laws to make the technique " commercially impracticable " .
The government certainly has the power to derail the shale gas revolution .
Imposing extra costs for environmental impact assessments could throw play economics out of whack .
But even more than jeopardizing straight - up economics , extra permitting would create procedural risk for gas producers .
Imagine a company identifies a drilling prospect .
Securing the land for the play almost always involves up - front fees to government or private landowners .
Do you pay the bonus ( which could run in the millions of dollars ) , and then conduct your impact assessment ?
Running the risk that if the assessment comes back negative , you can't drill on land you 've paid dearly for .
The environmental impact process creates one more uncertainty in an industry that already has a lot of unknowns .
Maybe the concern over drinking water is warranted ( although during my years as an environmental consultant to the oil patch I never saw a case of frac contamination ) .
But regulators need to think carefully about how to deal with this issue .
The fate of a much - needed energy revolution hangs in the balance .
Here 's to pros and cons ,
By. Dave Forest of Notela Resources
Reading through your old Facebook posts probably sounds like your worst nightmare .
However , why do n’t we turn it up a notch ?
Let ’s go for the ultimate throwback to billions of years ago : the evolution of life as we know it .
Quick Facts Essential Facts Interesting Facts
All organisms evolved from ancient microbes .
Modern humans are called homo sapiens .
Hominids are the early ancestors of man .
Homo sapiens are the 15th Hominid species .
Human evolution has taken 5 million years .
4 out of 10 Americans reject the idea of evolution .
The term “ evolution ” comes from the Latin evolutionem ( unrolling ) .
All life evolved billions of years ago from bacteria .
All existing life is made from groups of cells .
Paleoanthropology is the scientific study of human evolution .
The idea that one organism could descend from another originated from Ancient Greece .
Charles Darwin came up with the theory of evolution in 1859 .
Life on Earth started when the oceans were formed .
All humans used to have brown eyes .
Blue eyes are a genetic mutation .
Mutations cause evolution through providing new genes for a species .
Humans evolved from apelike ancestors , not actual monkeys .
Dinosaurs are birds ’ genetic ancestors .
Evolution is rarely a straight line from one species to the next – it is more like a tree with different branches .
Humans are the only animals that are capable of blushing .
Wisdom teeth and appendices were leftover traits from when early humans strictly ate plants .
Table of Contents 01 Humans are still evolving - and the proof is in your hands .
02 Lip twitching is another proof of evolution .
03 Only 15 % of the population can wiggle their ears .
04 Human evolution started with fire .
05 Hiccups came from fish and amphibians .
06 The platypus was the first mammal that evolved from reptiles .
07 Charles Darwin did not form the theory of evolution at the Galapagos Islands .
08 Humans are one of the few species that survive after reproduction .
09 Evolution has its disadvantages , too .
10 People lift their feet or climb when afraid because of an ancient instinct .
Humans are still evolving - and the proof is in your hands .
Adaptability is one of nature ’s greatest wonders .
For humans , living in certain conditions causes genetic mutations over time to help them survive .
For example , the people of Tibet have a higher resistance to altitude sickness .
A tourist could die in the alps if they do n’t acclimate properly – but for locals , it ’s just their everyday life .
Inborn traits are also proof of evolution .
Some people have an extra bone behind the knee called the fabella .
Others are born without an appendix .
However , if you want visible proof , you can take a look at your wrist .
Holding your arm out , touch your thumb to your pinky .
If you see a raised line in the middle of your wrist , you ’re part of the 85 % who still have this extra tendon .
According to scientists , the tendon is a leftover trait from when prehistoric people had to grip and throw spears .
However , with the evolution of life , people did n’t need to hunt for food anymore .
This explains the 15 % that are not born with the tendon .
Lip twitching is another proof of evolution .
When we ’re angry , we tend to bare our teeth or snarl .
This behavior is also seen in predators such as big cats and wolves .
Only 15 % of the population can wiggle their ears .
If you were ever a bored kid , you may have noticed how you can move or wiggle your ears .
You may have even excitedly shown your parents or friends .
However , not everyone can do that .
In fact , 85 % of people ca n’t move their ears .
According to scientists , the ability to move the Auricularis muscles in the outer ear is an evolutionary trait that helped ancestors pinpoint sounds .
When people started living in groups , it eliminated the need for heightened hearing .
As such , this genetic trait was eliminated from certain lineages .
Who knew that weird abilities like whistling or forming a clover tongue are evidence of the evolution of life ?
Read also : More Amazing Culture Facts
Human evolution started with fire .
Turns out , the discovery of fire did n’t just lead to technology .
According to research , the evolution of life for humans began when they discovered how to cook with fire .
Consuming cooked food was easier on humans ’ teeth and gut .
I mean , sashimi is fine , but imagine chomping down raw meat from the bone ?
Since people started cooking their meals with fire , humans evolved to have smaller teeth and digestive systems over time .
Hiccups came from fish and amphibians .
The reflex that pushes water over fish gills and makes amphibians gulp air was copied unsuccessfully by humans , according to science .
Instead of giving us the ability to breathe underwater , the reflex can make the diaphragm spasm – which is what we know as hiccups .
The platypus was the first mammal that evolved from reptiles .
If you take a look at a platypus , you ’d think it was created by a Sims randomizer .
Not only are they weirdly cute , but platypus are unique even in genetics .
Platypuses are the only animal that lays eggs yet still produces milk .
It also produces venom unique from reptiles , as well as electrolocation .
Charles Darwin did not form the theory of evolution at the Galapagos Islands .
Charles Darwin came up with the theory of evolution after a 5 - week stay in the Galapagos Islands .
However , contrary to popular belief , he did n’t form the theory during his time there .
Rather , he just kept observing local wildlife between the different islands in the archipelago .
Later , he states in chapter two of On The Origin of Species that his visit to the Galapagos inspired his theory .
Additionally , he never called it the theory of evolution .
Instead , Darwin referred to his theory as the theory of “ descent with modification . ”
Humans are one of the few species that survive after reproduction .
While we ’re not exactly tortoises that can live for hundreds of years , humans got pretty lucky when it comes to our life span .
Flies only live for a day , and male bees literally explode and die once they have sex .
For other members of the animal kingdom , they ’ll constantly go into heat cycles and reproduce until they die .
However , humans are one of the few species that can survive long after menopause or infertility .
Evolution has its disadvantages , too .
Before hominids could walk properly , the human pelvis evolved to allow the Homo erectus onwards to walk upright .
However , the evolved pelvic structure increased humans ’ risks in bearing children .
Another double - edged trait is the lumbar curve in the lower back that helps with our balance .
Because of the dipped structure , it makes us more vulnerable to pain and spinal injury compared to other animals .
Read also : 60 Random Language Facts Youve Never Thought Of
Here 's how predictable the president 's slippery relationship with the truth has become : Hours before the State of the Union address , Washington Examiner reporter Timothy P. Carney posted a " pre-emptive fact check " that , among other things , prebutted any presidential claim to have " stopped the revolving door between government and corporate lobbying . "
As it happened , that night Barack Obama made an even bolder ( read : less truthful ) claim : that " we 've excluded lobbyists from policymaking jobs . "
In fact , more than 40 former lobbyists work in the administration , including such policy makers as Deputy Defense Secretary William J. Lynn ( who was lobbying for Raytheon as recently as 2008 ) , Office of the First Lady Director of Policy and Projects Jocelyn Frye ( National Partnership for Women and Families ) , White House Director of Intergovernmental Affairs Cecilia Muñoz ( National Council of La Raza ) , and Treasury Secretary Chief of Staff Mark Patterson ( Goldman Sachs ) .
When Carney confronted a White House spokeswoman with the falsehood , she conceded nothing .
" As the President said , " she wrote , " we have turned away lobbyists for many , many positions . "
Just not all of them .
As such defiance suggests , this was no isolated slip of the tongue .
The president , who promised in both word and style to usher in a " new era " of Washington " responsibility , " routinely says things that are n't true and supports initiatives that break campaign promises .
When called on it , he mostly keeps digging .
And when obliged to explain why American voters are turning so sharply away from his party and his policies , Obama pins the blame not on his own deviations from verity but on his failure to " explain " things " more clearly to the American people . "
Take the issue he has explained more than any other : health care .
In the State of the Union address , Obama claimed that the Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) had estimated that " our approach " to health care reform " would bring down the deficit by as much as $ 1 trillion over the next two decades . "
This is , strictly speaking , not true .
The Democrats ' " approach " to health care reform includes a permanent change to the Medicare reimbursement rates for doctors , colloquially known as the " doc fix . "
The CBO estimated that the doc fix , when combined with the health care reform legislative package , actually " would increase the budget deficit in 2019 by $ 23 billion relative to current law , an increment that would grow in subsequent years . "
This is why House Democrats stripped out the doc fix from the health care bill , and passed it separately ; it made the CBO scores look bad , making it harder for the president to present bogus claims about deficit neutrality .
That bit of mendacity only scratches the surface of how Congress and the administration gamed the system to produce nice - looking numbers .
The CBO , by its own rules , has to take Congress at its word when a piece of legislation promises unspecified future " cuts " in spending , even though an overwhelming majority of promised future cuts never come to pass ( a fact that the CBO itself has repeatedly warned in supplementary comments ) .
The Senate promised more than $ 300 billion in such cuts .
Furthermore , the CBO scores bills in 10 - year windows .
So the Senate delayed more than 99 percent of the reform package 's spending until 2014 , thus allowing the decade of 2010 – 2019 to clock in under the magic $ 1 trillion number .
Add to all that chicanery the fact that every major health care entitlement expansion in U.S. history has vastly exceeded initial cost projections , and you have ample reasons for why Americans believed , by a margin of more than 3 to 1 , that health care reform would exacerbate rather than improve the deficit .
Even when addressing black - and –white examples of broken promises — such as his vow to televise each and every bit of health care legislative negotiations on C - SPAN — Obama can't quite resist the temptation to plead gray .
When confronted directly on the broken C - SPAN pledge during a January meeting with GOP lawmakers , the president said : " Look , the truth of the matter is that if you look at the health care process — just over the course of the year — overwhelmingly the majority of it actually was on C - SPAN , because it was taking place in congressional hearings in which you guys were participating . "
Presidential defiance , dissembling , and disinformation are nothing new , even if such political perennials are more disappointing coming from someone who still boasts ( as he did in the State of the Union address ) of " telling hard truths " to the American people and " doing what 's best for the next generation . "
Voters pretty much knew that Bill Clinton was a slime ball when they sent him to the White House ; Barack Obama held out the promise of being more dignified .
The difference between these two most recent Democratic presidents , substantial to begin with ( especially in the crucial area of economic policy ) , may come into sharper relief in 2010 .
Clinton 's reptilian relationship with the truth , suffused as it always has been with a catch - me - if - you - can sense of personal preservation , actually turned out to have some uses for the nation when he changed course after the 1994 Republican revolution and began co-opting some of the limited - government policies proposed by his opponents .
It 's easier for a chameleon to change his spots .
Obama 's dishonesty , by contrast , seems to spring from a different place .
As a man who has spent most of his career wowing people with his words and very little of it converting those words into deeds , he has an activist 's gap between rhetoric and reality and a radio broadcaster 's promiscuous carelessness with cutting rhetorical corners .
Sure , it 's not technically true that the administration 's day - one lobbying reforms served " to get rid of the influence of …special interests , " as he claimed in a January radio address ( to the contrary : federal lobbying in 2009 set an all - time record ) , but it 's easy to imagine that the president feels his combination of tighter employment restrictions for ex-lobbyists and stricter disclosure requirements for current ones is , in the context of the Manichean fight between " the people " and " special interests , " good enough for government work .
The perfect should n't be the enemy of the good , and the critics who complain are just opportunistic literalists grasping for any club to beat back the march of progress .
No need to give them an inch .
But there 's a less charitable explanation too .
During the president 's nonstop gabfests before , during , and after the State of the Union speech , he kept repeating the fiction that the medical industry 's " special interests " were significantly to blame for scotching his health care legislation .
In fact , the administration and Congress negotiated with those interests every step of the way , receiving crucial buy - in and millions in campaign contributions .
Pro-reform lobbyists outspent anti-reform lobbyists on advertising by a factor of 5 to 1 .
There 's a three - letter word for blaming the defeat of his bill on health care lobbyists , and it rhymes with pie .
And yet it smacks of something worse still .
When a politician cannot fathom opposition to his policies except as the manifestation of wicked manipulation by bad guys , remediable only by more thorough " explanations " from the good guys , it indicates an unseemly paternalism .
And if he cannot take the hint that Bush - Obama bailout - and - spend economics are deeply and increasingly unpopular , that indicates something immovable about his core economic ideology .
With those two factors as backdrop , it 's hard to say which would be worse : if the president did n't really believe what he said , or if he did .
Matt Welch ( matt.welch@reason.com ) is editor in chief of reason .
' Extraction ' star Chris Hemsworth teams up with Netflix for new film
Ashcroft , Rumsfeld , Tenet told Hamilton and Kean not to pursue questioning of terror patsies
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Wednesday , March 17 , 2010
Documents recently obtained by the ACLU show that the government warned the 9/11 Commission against getting to the bottom of the September 11 terror attacks in a letter signed by Attorney General John Ashcroft , Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld and CIA Director George J. Tenet .
In a letter dated January 6 , 2004 , the Commission was refused permission to question terrorist detainees , with inquiry leaders Hamilton and Kean being told there was “ A line that the Commission should not cross , ” in the course of its investigation .
A PDF of the letter ( page 26 ) can be read here .
The government urged the Commission , “ Not to further pursue the proposed request to participate in the questioning of detainees , ” according to the letter , citing the need to “ Safeguard the national security , including protection of Americans from future terrorist attacks . ”
The warning was just one example of how the Bush administration fiercely struggled to prevent the 9/11 Commission from conducting a deeper probe into the attacks .
Bush and Cheney refused to appear before the Commission separately and both refused to testify under oath , instead meeting with panel members informally and in private , with no recordings of the meeting allowed .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“ It appears that David Addington took the lead on refusing the 9/11 Commission ’s request , ” writes the FireDogLake blog .
“ It appears Addington got the draft of the letter from 9/11 Commission –which was addressed to Rummy and George Tenet .
Tenet and Addington clearly had a conversation about how to respond .
But it seems that Addington drafted the response , got Condi , Andy Card , and Alberto Gonzales to review it , and then sent it to Tenet ( and , presumably , Rummy ) to okay and sign the letter . ”
As FireDogLake rightly points out , this was part of an attempt to cover - up the systematic torture of detainees which did not fully come to light until the Abu Ghraib scandal was exposed in April 2004 .
However , the refusal to allow access to detainees was also undoubtedly so that the Commission members could n’t later blow the whistle on the fact that the men were nothing more than patsies and goat herders who had nothing whatsoever to do with the 9/11 attacks .
As we have constantly emphasized in the face of establishment media spin that has demonized the mere act of questioning the official 9/11 story , the majority of the 9/11 Commission members themselves have all gone on record to publicly slam the official story as untrue .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
The senior counsel to the 9/11 Commission – John Farmer – said that the government agreed not to tell the truth about 9/11 , echoing the assertions of fellow 9/11 Commission members who concluded that the Pentagon was engaged in deliberate deception about their response to the attack .
Senator Max Cleland , who resigned from the 9/11 Commission after calling it a “ national scandal ” , stated in a 2003 PBS interview ,
“ I ’m saying that ’s deliberate .
I am saying that the delay in relating this information to the American public out of a hearing … series of hearings , that several members of Congress knew eight or ten months ago , including Bob Graham and others , that was deliberately slow walked … the 9/11 Commission was deliberately slow walked , because the Administration ’s policy was , and its priority was , we ’re gonna take Saddam Hussein out . ”
Cleland , speaking with Democracy Now , said ,
“ One of these days we will have to get the full story because the 9 - 11 issue is so important to America .
But this White House wants to cover it up ” .
In 2006 the Washington Post reported that several members of the 9/11 Commission suspected deception on part of the Pentagon .
As reported ,
“ Some staff members and commissioners of the Sept. 11 panel concluded that the Pentagon ’s initial story of how it reacted to the 2001 terrorist attacks may have been part of a deliberate effort to mislead the commission and the public rather than a reflection of the fog of events on that day , according to sources involved in the debate . ”
9/11 Commissioner Bob Kerry also has unanswered questions .
As reported by Salon , he believes that there are legitimate reasons to believe an alternative version to the official story .
“ There are ample reasons to suspect that there may be some alternative to what we outlined in our version , ” Kerry said .
The commission had limited time and limited resources to pursue its investigation , and its access to key documents and witnesses was fettered by the administration .
Commissioner Tim Roemer , speaking to CNN , stated that Commission members were considering a criminal probe of false statements .
As quoted ,
“ We were extremely frustrated with the false statements we were getting , ” Roemer told CNN .
“ We were not sure of the intent , whether it was to deceive the commission or merely part of the fumbling bureaucracy . ”
Despite the fact that the majority of 9/11 Commission members have openly attacked the official story , the corporate media still frames any suspicion surrounding 9/11 as baseless conspiracy fodder at best , and at worst – terrorist and extremist propaganda .
H/T : Daniel Taylor / Old Thinker News – 9/11 Commission Members Doubt Official Story
This article was posted : Wednesday , March 17 , 2010 at 9:24 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Stay up to date with our daily newsletter
The Obama administration promised increased transparency in government but has rolled back rules proposed by the Bush administration that expanded the financial disclosure statements required of labor unions and their leaders .
Since President Obama took office , the Labor Department has rescinded or delayed three sets of rules proposed by the George W. Bush administration that would have required unions and their leaders to more specifically detail their finances , according to a review of records by The Washington Times .
The rules were rolled back while the Obama administration was seeking more stringent regulation of corporate America , including banks , insurance companies , health care providers and publicly traded companies .
The proposed Bush rules would have required labor unions to identify from whom they were buying and selling assets , forced union leaders and employees to file more detailed conflict - of - interest forms , and required unions to reveal the finances of hundreds of so - called labor trusts - largely unregulated entities set up to provide benefits for members .
Former Labor Secretary Elaine L. Chao , one of the architects of the expanded Bush rules , said the Obama administration is “ making a mockery of the regulations ” and is giving “ preferential treatment ” to the unions .
“ This administration is not enforcing laws on union transparency and democracy , ” Ms. Chao told The Times .
“ They are telling unions that they do n’t have to comply . ”
A senior Republican on the House Education and Labor Committee has similar concerns .
Rep . John Kline of Minnesota , ranking member on the health , employment , labor and pensions subcommittee , asked Labor Secretary Hilda L. Solis in February why the Labor Department had rescinded rules designed to increase transparency in union finances .
He said the rollback made it “ more difficult for rank - and - file union workers to see how their dues are being spent . ”
Mr. Kline said Mr. Obama had “ made it a point on a number of occasions to talk about this administration wanting to be the most transparent and open administration in our nation ’s history . ”
Mrs. Solis told the congressman that transparency was the goal , but the department did not want to “ overburden a system where information that was previously asked for may not be of much importance or significance . ”
In an April 2009 report on Mrs. Solis ’ first 100 days in office , the Labor Department said it was trying to “ undo ” or “ temporarily suspend ” Bush administration rules that “ had a detrimental impact on workers . ”
The report said the expanded rules “ made the union financial reporting requirements not only overly burdensome but ineffectual . ”
To combat a “ rush of rules out the door at the end of the previous administration , ” the report said , Mrs. Solis had taken “ significant steps to undo the most burdensome of these regulations and put in place an enforcement regime that will make union and management transparency a reality . ”
White House spokesman Tommy Vietor declined to comment and referred inquiries to the Labor Department .
John Lund , the Labor Department ’s deputy assistant secretary for labor - management standards , said a “ fair and transparent government regulatory regime must consider and balance the interests of labor organizations , their members and the public . ”
“ Any change to a union ’s record keeping , accounting and reporting practices must be based on a demonstrated and significant need for additional information , consideration of the burden associated with such reporting and any increased costs associated with reporting additional information , ” he said .
Union officials said many of the expanded disclosures were unnecessary and accused the Bush administration of retaliating against labor unions for their support of Democrats .
Mrs. Chao described as “ laughable ” any union talk about how “ onerous ” it would be to comply with the expanded regulations .
She said labor organizations repeatedly fought her on the added disclosures and it appeared “ many labor leaders feel threatened by transparency . ”
“ What are they afraid of ? ” she asked .
LM - 2 filings
In 2003 , the Bush administration announced that the unions had to list on their LM - 2 filings - annual reports disclosing union finances - any recipients of $ 5,000 or more in union funds .
This included vendors , charities and political candidates , with specific amounts instead of lump - sum totals .
These added disclosures , which took effect in 2004 , were designed to shed light on where unions spent their money .
In the closing days of the Bush administration , the Labor Department sought to further increase the number of disclosures the unions had to make on the LM - 2 forms .
The new rules would have required unions to disclose the name of any party buying or selling union assets of $ 5,000 or more , making it easier for members to determine whether the transactions were at arm ’s length .
Unions currently need to list only the item and the sale or purchase price .
While unions for decades have been required to list salaries and expenses for each officer and employee by name , the expanded Bush rules would have demanded greater disclosure of benefits such as deferred compensation and union - provided housing .
The first filings under the Bush administration ’s LM - 2 rules would have been due later this year , but the Obama administration said in April 2009 that it wanted to delay implementation and formally withdrew the rules in October .
The Office of Labor - Management Standards ( OLMS ) , which enforces labor disclosure laws , said it withdrew the new rules because unions said the requirements were burdensome and the department felt it had not sufficiently reviewed the disclosure requirements added in 2003 .
A review of LM - 2 forms by The Times found disclosures that would not have been available on the filings prior to the Bush administration ’s 2003 rule changes .
For example , 14 national unions were listed as giving $ 3.2 million to a planning committee responsible for private funding for the 2008 Democratic National Convention in Denver .
The top donors , who gave more than $ 2.2 million , were the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers ( IBEW ) , the American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees ( AFSCME ) , the United Food and Commercial Workers International Union ( UFCW ) , the Service Employees International Union ( SEIU ) , and the International Brotherhood of Teamsters ( IBT ) .
A check of the Labor Department database showed only one large donation to the 2008 Republican convention host committee - $ 50,000 from the SEIU .
The additional disclosures also helped expose the suspected misuse of funds .
Tyrone Freeman , head of the largest union local in California , was forced out of office after the Los Angeles Times found that he had spent hundreds of thousands of dollars , including contracts to his wife ’s video production firm and nearly $ 10,000 to a cigar bar , based in part on information from the LM - 2 forms .
As a result , Mr. Freeman is under federal investigation and his former union , the United Long - Term Care Workers Union of the SEIU , has sued him for $ 1.1 million .
LM - 30 filings
Last year , the Obama administration also backed off a rule requiring union officials and employees to file a more detailed version of the conflict - of - interest form known as the LM - 30 .
The rule also would have forced more people - union shop stewards , in some cases - to file the forms .
The Labor Department requires the officials and employees to file the LM - 30 statements if they receive any income or economic benefit from any entity that does business with the union or with an employer of union members .
Until Mrs. Chao cracked down in 2005 , records show , few union leaders or employees bothered to file the form , although the filing requirement has been on the books for decades .
“ There was no compliance and no enforcement , ” Mrs. Chao said of the LM - 30 filings .
In 2005 , she said the department would start enforcing the rule with the 2004 reports and offered amnesty to first - time filers .
As a result , filings were submitted by 13,326 union officials or employees , compared with 96 the previous year .
Mrs Chao then updated the rule and expanded the form , which had been the same for 40 years , requiring more people to file and increasing the detail that had to be disclosed .
The new reports , covering 2008 , were due in 2009 .
But in 2009 , the Labor Department backed off the new LM - 30 filing requirement , saying the union leaders and employees could file the older , less - detailed version because of pending litigation and unanswered questions over the new reporting requirements .
The department said , “ It would not be a good use of resources to bring enforcement actions ” based on failing to file one version of the form over another .
For now , union officials and employees can file either version of the form .
Mrs. Solis said at the February subcommittee hearing that the department was reviewing the expanded LM - 30 form as proposed by the Bush administration .
The Labor Department is expected to modify the rule .
T - 1 filings
In February , the Obama administration also proposed rescinding a Bush plan to get annual financial disclosures from union trusts - organizations set up primarily to provide member benefits such as training and apprenticeship programs , building funds and strike funds .
Some of the trusts originally were known as “ nickel funds ” because employers would contribute 5 cents for every hour a union member worked .
A number of the funds have grown to be multimillion - dollar enterprises as the amount of the contributions from employers has increased as part of collective bargaining agreements .
In December 2002 , the Bush administration proposed a rule making the trusts file annual reports known as the T - 1 , similar to union reports detailing how much money they had and itemizing how they spent it .
The AFL - CIO twice challenged the proposed rule in court , forcing the Labor Department to make changes and delay its implementation .
The first T - 1 reports , covering 2009 , were due at the end of March until the Obama Labor Department moved to rescind the rule .
“ Basically , labor organizations file no financial reports on how these funds are spent , ” said Mrs. Chao .
“ There is no accountability . ”
The trusts have not been subject to any significant disclosure requirements other than having to file and make public their 990 federal income tax returns as nonprofits .
Such tax returns often take years to become public and do not require details on how the money was spent .
For example , the UAW - Daimler Chrysler Skill Development and Training Program said in its 2006 tax return that it spent $ 16.3 million on sponsorships .
It provided no details .
The tax return does not show that much of that money was spent on NASCAR sponsorships of cars and a race , the UAW - Daimler Chrysler 400 .
The program , now known as the UAW - Chrysler National Training Center , was one of three trust funds that the Big Three automakers operated jointly with the UAW , spending hundreds of millions of dollars with little transparency .
The other two autoworker funds also spent millions of dollars without having to detail where that money went .
The Bush Labor Department estimated that 3,131 trusts would have to file T - 1 forms under the new rules , detailing salaries as well as itemizing expenses of $ 10,000 or more .
In its proposal to rescind the T - 1 , the Obama administration said the required form was “ overly broad and is not necessary . ”
Instead , the department proposed that the unions list the information on their annual LM - 2 reports for their subsidiaries - entities that are “ wholly owned , controlled and financed by a single union . ”
“ What we ’re doing there is looking at obtaining that information , but placing it in a form we already require people to fill out , ” Mrs. Solis said at the February hearing .
“ So it ’s not as though we ’re abrogating or trying to decrease or de-emphasize information .
I think what we ’re doing is … making it easier for people to report this information . ”
But the finances of the autoworker training centers and some other trusts may not have to be reported under Mrs. Solis ’ proposal .
Virginia lawyer Nathan Mehrens , who helped write the T - 1 rules as a Bush Labor Department special assistant , said the UAW likely would not have to report the finances of the development and training program because it does not fit the definition of a union subsidiary .
He said it does not qualify because the union does not control the boards - half the board members are appointed by management .
“ They are carving it up , ” added Mrs. Chao .
“ The problem is their proposal only applies to union entities . ”
Current Labor Department officials said they did not want to speculate on what organizations would have to file under the new plan while the rule - making process is under way .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
The enemy has landed .
One of the worst nightmares of ' patriotic Americans ' may soon come true .
An unsolicited $ 18.5 billion offer from state - owned Chinese oil firm CNOOC to buy Unocal , America 's ninth largest oil firm , has given a nation obsessed with energy security a shock .
US - Sino relations are already tense - and this could be the moment the world realises a rival superpower to America has come of age .
Last Thursday as Chinese executives stalked Wall Street to get their bid accepted by Unocal , Congress voted 398 - 15 , backing a resolution that Chinese ownership of Unocal would ' threaten to impair the national security of the United States ' .
Furthermore , approval by Unocal 's board of the bid should result in a ' thorough review ' by President Bush .
With the issue setting Beijing against the White House , Unocal 's shareholders are caught in the headlights .
The question is whether they have the courage to take Chinese cash that values Unocal 's shares at $ 67 - especially as there is an agreed offer from US major Chevron on the table worth $ 60 per share that comes without political complications .
Chinese officials were last week in New York on a charm offensive downplaying Unocal 's strategic importance .
By emphasising that it supplies a tiny fraction of America 's domestic output , CNOOC argues that Unocal 's takeover cannot represent a US security threat .
It is Unocal 's oil and gas in Asia that the company prizes .
But the deal would also give China a 9 per cent stake in the BP - led consortium building the $ 6bn Baku - Tiblisi - Ceyan oil pipeline , a project aimed at easing US reliance on the Middle East for oil .
Wall Street oil analysts agree that what makes Unocal a must - have is the technical expertise that will allow CNOOC to compete for giant gas and oil exploration projects .
' Unocal has been portrayed as a state - controlled resource grab , which is silly , ' said a CNOOC spokesman .
' In the US just 1 per cent of US domestic consumption is from Unocal .
And at least 73 per cent of its assets are in Asia . '
Critics of the Chinese not only cite US national security but argue that the deal acts against basic free - market principles , because $ 13 billion of the $ 18.5 bn Chinese offer comes in government - backed loans , amounting to state aid .
' Frankly it 's not a level playing field , ' said one US analyst .
The Chinese state media last Thursday admitted the size of the loans to buy Unocal could put downward pressure on the yuan .
This will exacerbate US concern over Chinese imports .
Beijing has been under pressure to allow the yuan , pegged near 8.28 to the dollar , to float freely , with the US and others saying the exchange rate is artificially low , giving prolific Chinese exports an unfair advantage .
But there are suggestions from Treasury Secretary John Snow and Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan that Beijing will soon allow the value of the yuan to rise .
Although this will prove politically expedient in the light of the Unocal transaction , it will also make US bid targets cheaper for the Chinese .
Could Unocal be the start of a further Chinese hoovering up of Uncle Sam 's assets ?
Whatever the outcome , the world 's two superpowers are on collision course over crude oil .
Dave Simpson , America 's acting deputy secretary of commerce , recently said : ' We appear to be competing more than partnering . '
That competition is getting hotter .
Only last week , consolidation in the Chinese oil industry saw the creation of its largest private oil enterprise , Great United Petroleum Holding Co , from more than 30 small and medium - sized private oil companies .
It also emerged last week that China National Petroleum is poised to bid for Petro - Kazakhstan , the Canadian - based oil producer .
China 's spending on oil assets has been accelerating this year .
Last January , Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin visited China to discuss Chinese access to the Alberta tar sands .
The summit yielded a crucial production - sharing agreement .
In the same month , China National Petroleum Corporation signed a deal with Peru to study exploration deals .
In all , it is thought Beijing has signed agreements worth $ 100bn with Latin America .
In February , Venezuala and China signed 19 agreements , including investment in Venezualan oil fields .
During the Nineties , Chinese petroleum consumption increased at a compound annual rate of 6.3 per cent but its oil production only grew at a compound annual rate of 1.7 per cent and since 1996 , it has been a net importer of oil .
CNOOC 's bid will inevitably face delays , whereas shareholders have the option of taking Chevron 's money at a vote on 10 August .
But Unocal 's share price , which on Friday closed at $ 6· , implies the market either thinks CNOOC will win or that Chevron will sweeten its offer .
CNOOC executives have just six weeks to overturn Unocal 's recommendation of Chevron 's offer .
