Democratic leaders at both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue continue to battle over whether a new government - run health plan , modeled after the popular Medicare program for seniors , must be included in health - reform legislation .
President Barack Obama told a New Hampshire town - hall meeting last month that " if we 're able to get something right like Medicare , then there should be a little more confidence that maybe the government can have a role . "
Did the government really get Medicare ...
The other day I made a post about bringing my Aunt Jean into the fold after her spending years and years being exclusively a Windows user .
I gave my reasons as multipronged , namely that I have found over the years that supporting friends and relatives who insist on using Windows is a frustrating , tedious , redundant pain that I ’d prefer to avoid , and that I ’m actually doing Jean a favor by transitioning her to a platform that , while very different from what she ’s used to , will ultimately be a better one for her to use .
I thought I ’d touch on the subject again briefly today , because I think it bears some clarification .
Before you go out knocking on doors and handing out Ubuntu disks and asking people if they ’ve discovered the glorious world of Free / Open Source Software , read on and adjust your plans accordingly .
The most important thing : right tool for the right job
I should preface this by saying that I never would have thrust Ubuntu or any other of the quadrillions of other Linux distros out there onto my Aunt Jean if she had n’t been receptive to the idea .
Jean is unusually open minded when it comes to technology , and was open to the idea of a different way of doing things as long as she could do what she needed to do with it .
That ’s the key .
If I did not think that Jean would be able to accomplish with Linux what she needs to accomplish on a day - to - day basis with her computer , I would never have suggested Ubuntu or any other Linux distro .
What would I have done ?
I would have recommended she stay with Windows XP for now , but I would have strongly urged her to seek alternatives down the road , because the way I see it , as a technology professional , I cannot in good conscience recommend Windows as a permanent solution .
Why ?
The reasons are myriad , but for the average user , they tend to be the same universally : security , usability , stability , data integrity , and , worse yet , because of things like botnets , I feel that the more poorly patched and generally unsecured Windows boxes there are on the net — particularly by my recommendation — the more I feel that I am simply contributing to the problem .
Yes , as SJVN says , “ Security is a Process ” , not a product .
But face it .
If you give a non-technical user a product that ’s that full of holes , can you really be surprised when that process is n’t followed ?
At least with Linux you have a much harder target to begin with , right ?
So yes , I ’d still have recommended she look into Linux down the road , and put some work into finding a way to make it work , but I would not have forced the issue if I knew it could n’t be accomplished .
The most important thing to consider , therefore , is whether or not pushing Linux on someone is going to do the job for them .
If it is n’t , you are n’t helping anyone , you ’re just being a jerk .
I know , it ’s hard to be objective when you and I both know that there ’s a Linux out there for everyone , and with even minimal effort , three or four or even more free and open source replacements can be found for nearly every proprietary Windows - only app out there , but remember : it ’s not us you have to convince .
And if a user is not open to even the SUGGESTION of trying out some of those alternatives — no matter how valid and viable — you ’re wasting your time and theirs by forcing them to try .
So they ’re open to it , what ’s the best way to try it ?
If the person with whom you ’re working is open to the idea — whether it ’s because they do n’t know enough to even care or if they ’re honestly looking for a change from Windows , it does n’t matter — how do you go about this ?
Have them play around with a live CD for a week or two ?
Set up their machine to dual - boot ?
Give them a loaner PC to use with Linux already installed ?
I say none of the above .
Live CDs are great as a demo , but only if you ’re showing it to them , and even then only if you are showing them the benefits of the interface , not the performance .
But if you leave it there with the user , nine times out of ten , that ’s the last use it ’ll get .
Check back with them in a week or two to see what they think and they ’ll always say something like “ Oh yeah , I ’d forgotten about that .
I think I still have it , but I have n’t tried playing with it yet .
Do you need it back ?
I can drop it off … ”
And dual - booting , well , that might be fine for those of us who occasionally boot into Windows to throw NTFS formatting on a portable hard drive for work , or to run that pesky game you just ca n’t quite get working in WINE , but for the average user dual - booting is confusing at first , and once they get used to the boot screen prompting them to make a choice , you ’ll find that the user will ignore Linux just like the live CD .
Same with the loaner computer .
Why is this ?
Because no matter how open a Windows user is to change , no matter how willing they might be to “ try ” Linux , and no matter how receptive they were to your reasons for why it ’s better , it still boils down to one key thing : change is hard .
Period .
If you have someone in front of you who is SICK of Windows ( whatever their reasons ) , is interested in Linux , and is open to trying something new , you ’re doing them a disservice by letting them dip their toe into the pool by one of the above methods I just rejected .
The only way to find out for real if Linux will work for them is to throw them into the water and see if they can swim .
Yes , it ’s the scary method , but let ’s not mince words .
Do you really believe in the usability of Linux ?
Do you really feel that “ anybody ” can use Ubuntu ?
Or OpenSUSE ?
Or whatever your distro of choice for that user might be ?
Then put your money where your mouth is .
Give it a chance .
It might surprise you .
And when you ’re right , when that user comes up swimming , it ’s just a revalidation of what you knew all along : that this was the right choice , not only for you , but for them .
And that ’s ultimately why we do this , is n’t it ?
Worst case scenario , chances are if you were at a juncture with this user where you were suggesting a new OS , the machine probably needed Windows reinstalled anyway , right ?
So if they do n’t swim , you go back out there , say “ well , I ’m sorry it did n’t suit your needs ” ( after giving it enough time , that is … just do n’t push it too hard or you might lose a friend or really anger a relative ) and put Windows back on it and walk away .
And who knows ?
Maybe THIS time when Windows goes belly - up on them again , they might remember some of their Linux experience and change their mind at some point .
Conclusion
The moral to the story , summed up , is “ make sure it suits their needs ” and “ if you ’re going to switch someone to Linux , go big or go home ” .
Do n’t be a jerk about it , above all else .
My Aunt Jean was about as perfect a candidate for which one could hope … she was n’t tied to any particular Windows applications , she was tired of the Windows headaches ( patching , spyware , re-patching , driver struggles , more spyware , viruses , oh hey , did I mention patching ? ) , but not only that , she was tired of the whole Windows user paradigm , and was welcoming a change to the user experience .
It was n’t a tough sell , and face it , it should never be .
If it is , you are n’t honestly thinking of what the user needs … you ’re just thinking about being right .
Yes , you ARE right , but that ’s immaterial .
Let ’s not forget that the user — even the non-technical one — is still what this is about .
Last Halloween , a five - year - old girl showed up at my doorstep wearing a tube top , miniskirt , platform shoes and eye shadow .
The outfit projected a rather tawdry sexuality .
" I'm a Bratz ! " the tot piped up proudly , a look - alike doll clutched in her chubby fist .
I had a dizzying flashback to an image of a child prostitute I had seen in Cambodia , in a disturbingly similar outfit .
I was startled , but perhaps I should not have been .
In recent years , the sexy little girl has become insistently present in the media – from 15 - year - old Miley Cyrus photographed draped in a sheet for Vanity Fair to websites " counting down " to the day that child stars , such as Emma Watson , reach the age of consent .
And , of course , there was Britney Spears , aged 16 , prancing around in school uniform and pigtails in her first music video .
Their allure is that of " Lolita " – very young and very provocative .
Lolita has become shorthand for a prematurely sexual girl – one who , by legal definition , is outlawed from sexual activity .
The Lolitas of our time are defined as deliberate sexual provocateurs , luring adults into wickedness and transgressing moral and legal codes .
But the original Lolita – the 12 - year - old protagonist of Vladimir Nabokov 's novel – was rather different ; a powerless victim of her predatory stepfather .
Like many pre-adolescent girls , she is sexually curious , but has no control over the abusive relationship .
Yet it is as though the very fact of her sexuality has made her into a fantasy , rather than the novel 's sexually abused and tragic figure .
She is eagerly invoked in the media as a sign of how licentious little girls can be .
" Bring back school uniforms for little Lolitas ! " demands the Daily Telegraph in an article condemning contemporary sexy schoolgirl fashions , while Tokyo's Daily Yomiuri refers to " the Lolita - like sex appeal " of preteen Japanese anime characters .
Increasingly , young girls are seen as valid participants in a public culture of sex .
In some ways , this is not new : in the 1933 film Polly Tix in Washington , four - year - old Shirley Temple played a pint - sized prostitute .
And it 's striking that the role of child prostitute was the springboard for the careers of many of our sex godesses : not just Temple , but also the 14 - year - old Jodie Foster in Taxi Driver , 12 - year - old Brooke Shields in Pretty Baby , and 13 - year - old Penelope Cruz in a French soap , Série Rose .
All are commentaries on child sexual exploitation , but the titillating representations positioned these actors as sex symbols and reinforced the link between girls ' sexuality and sex work .
Yet in the middle part of the last century , our icons of female sexuality were Marilyn Monroe , 27 , as Lorelei Lee in Gentlemen Prefer Blondes or Sophia Loren , 23 , in Desire Under the Elms .
Legally and physically adults , their much - admired bodies would not meet today 's standards of sculpted muscularity and narrow - hipped leanness .
The British model Twiggy is often cited for introducing the boyish , adolescent body type as a western feminine ideal .
She was 16 when she started modelling in 1966 and by the late 80s the slender adolescent body had come to epitomise female beauty .
" A girl at the edge of puberty has a naturally hairless body that demands no shaving , waxing or chemicals . . .
Her body is naturally small , supple and nothing if not youthful , " observes sociologist Wendy Chapkis .
The western ideal of female beauty , she writes , is defined by " eternal youth " .
This emphasis on youthfulness has led to the use of very young girls as models in fashion and advertising , often in sexually suggestive contexts .
Most catwalk models are between 14 and 19 – some , such as Maddison Gabriel , the official face of Australia 's Gold Coast fashion week in 2007 , are just 12 .
Young girls are increasingly posed as sexual objects of the adult gaze , while numerous clothing ads feature women dressed as little girls , sucking on lollipops , kneeling , crouching or lying in positions of subordination .
Witness the 20 - year - old model Lily Cole , ribbons in her hair , clasping a teddy bear for French Playboy .
Childishness is sexy , these messages seem to say .
Ergo , children – especially little girls – are sexy .
The highly sexual poses imply they are " Lolitas " – knowledgeable , wanton , seductive .
It sends a message that little girls should be viewed as sexy .
The idea is that female sexuality is the province of youth .
Writing in the New York Times , children 's magazine editor Pilar Guzman observes , " The gap is diminishing between what 's meant for children and what 's intended for their elders . "
It 's called " kids getting older younger " – a marketing construct blurring the line between adults and children , especially with regard to sexuality .
The problem is not with children , but with those who knowingly sell products with powerful sexual overtones to young girls , and with adults who then interpret girls ' bodies as sexually available .
If these little girls can't feel sexual desire or understand much about it , why are we so obsessed with fetishising them ?
A possible answer is a backlash against feminism .
Society has been forced to confront women as contenders in the social arena .
This has generated resentment from men , as in Michael Noer 's infamous 2006 column in Forbes , " Do n't marry a career woman , " in which he claimed that working women are more likely to cheat on their husbands .
Little girls epitomise a patriarchal society 's ideal of compliant , docile sexuality .
In the media , girls are reduced to one - dimensional , wholly limited figurines .
But the motivation is also commercial .
Cosmetics and fashion designers are finding ways to capture loyal consumers almost from day one .
On the flip side , emphasising girlishness as desirable facilitates the multibillion - dollar sales of anti-aging cosmetics , creams and plastic surgery .
Finally , there 's the underground economy of little girls ' sexuality : child sex trafficking and prostitution .
According to the UN , sex trafficking is the fastest - growing area of organised crime .
I want my two young daughters – indeed , all girls – to grow up confident about finding and expressing sexual pleasure .
But as a culture , we have few ways to represent or acknowledge children 's sexuality , and we seem incapable of dealing with it outside the realm of sexual commodification and commerce .
Sexual curiosity and even some experimentation are ordinary features of childhood .
Realistic , strong , and non-exploitative representations of girls ' sexuality would be a progressive social step , but images of girls posed and styled as objects of the erotic adult gaze can't be .
They often employ the conventions of sex work , legitimising the use of young girls for prostitution and pornography .
I wish that Halloween costumes for little girls involving vinyl boots or corsets were just silly and fun .
They may be , in contexts where girls are totally protected , safe from any misreading or violation .
But I am not convinced such contexts exist .
Instead we must create safe and supportive spaces for girls to understand their sexuality on their own terms and in their own time .
• This is an edited extract from The Lolita Effect by M G Durham , Duckworth , £ 8.99 .
To order a copy for £ 8.99 with free UK p&p , call the Guardian Book Service on 0870 836 0875 , or go to www.theguardian.com/bookshop.
Take a stand
• Talk about pigeon - holing Begin with simple questions , like , " How do you think people see girls ? "
• Discuss clothes Teenage girls know that what they wear can change how people see them .
Start a conversation .
• Anticipate complex reactions Social identity and acceptance are important to girls .
Be supportive . •
Pick your battles A bizarre hairstyle may not be cause for alarm , but really sleazy clothing merits serious discussion .
The earlier you begin talking about these issues , the better .
• Fight back
Tell retailers , through letters and feedback , that their advertising strategies are losing them business .
• The women 's page invites your comments
Are young girls encouraged to grow up too fast ?
How can parents fight against sexual messages aimed at young children ?
Email women@theguardian.com
When a state ' nullifies ' a federal law , it is proclaiming that the law in question is void and inoperative , or ' non-effective , ' within the boundaries of that state ; or , in other words , not a law as far as that state is concerned .
While the media of late tends to focus on the new crop of states resisting DC with legislation on firearms and health care , they almost always miss , or ignore , what I consider to be some of the greatest and most effective state resistance to federal power - marijuana activism .
According to our friends at NORML , there are now 13 states who are openly resisting federal laws on medical marijuana .
And now my home state of California is on the verge of taking it to the next level - full legalization .
According to a report in the SF Chronicle yesterday :
Two prominent East Bay marijuana advocates got clearance from the state today to try to put a pot-legalization initiative on the November 2010 California ballot .
This is n't your run -of - the - mill " medical marijuana " bill - that 's already legal in CA .
If approved by voters , the bill would :
allow anyone over 21 to possess or grow marijuana for personal use .
It would allow each local government to decide whether to tax and regulate marijuana sales .
Any honest person reading the Constitution through the intent and understanding of the founders would recognize that the federal government has no delegated power to be involved in the marijuana issue , in any way .
Keep in mind , though , that the federal courts ( and the DEA ) , do n't really care what the Constitution has to say about it .
They 've interpreted it in their own way , and have made it quite clear that they do n't recognize state marijuana laws as " valid . "
But , as we say here in California , thanks for your opinion , DC , we've got our own .
If you are on the lookout for the very best price / high quality ratio , Actual Installer from is essentially the most appropriate answer .
You can download ...
Inspired by Neil Baylis‘s Blob
Thing program that I talked about previously , I made some Fourier Transform art of my own .
Take a leader - bee in five - dimensional space .
Give him a place to go in five - dimensional space .
When he gets close to his destination , move his target spot .
Have ten follower - bees try to follow him .
The follower - bees can fly faster than the leader bee .
They are also super eager .
They always accelerate at their maximum possible acceleration .
Now , for each follower - bee , consider how far away it is along each axis from the leader - bee .
Interpret those deltas as an amplitude , a horizontal frequency , a vertical frequency , a horizontal phase angle , and a vertical phase angle .
Compute the inverse 2 - D Fourier transform of those components from the follower - bees .
Color code the output by the height .
Add in some specular highlights .
Animate through time .
Fourier Swarm from Patrick Stein on Vimeo .
I have used a similar technique in the past to generate ambient music .
There , I made twenty follower - bees in thirty - two dimensions and used the average distances along each axis to the leader - bee as the volume of the note ( each axis had a different pitch ) .
Here , the results are visual instead of aural .
I also cannot generate them in realtime except for very tiny sizes .
* shrug *
Here is the Lisp source code .
It depends on Zach ’s ZPNG library for output .
CANBERRA ( Reuters ) - Exhausted Australian doctors have been told to drink up to six cups of coffee a day to stay awake during extended shifts , building pressure on Prime Minister Kevin Rudd to seize control of state - run hospitals .
A pedestrian passes a large cup of coffee on display in central Sydney November 14 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Will Burgess
A document on fatigue management released by health officials in Queensland state recommended doctors ingest 400 milligrams of caffeine to stay awake on the job , or the equivalent of six cups of coffee , after warnings that patients were dying .
“ For management to just say go and have a cup of coffee and get over tiredness , it cheapens the whole issue , ” Australian Medical Association Vice President Steven Hambleton told Reuters .
“ We are talking about serious issues here , and this is not just a serious suggestion at all .
It ca n’t be a weakness to say you ’re dog tired , ” he said .
The recommendation followed warnings from a union representing Queensland doctors this week that public hospital patients were dying because dangerously tired medics were being forced to work up to 80 hours without a break .
Australia ’s national center - left government is under pressure to seize control of the nation ’s ailing public hospital system , currently managed by state governments with federal funding support , in a $ 20.5 billion takeover .
With fresh elections a year away , repairing the health system was a key promise that helped underpin the 2007 victory by Labor over rival conservatives , with Rudd campaigning tirelessly on health and promising to fix public hospitals .
Rudd last month delayed a decision by six months , but said the option of a “ full monty ” takeover was still on the cards .
In advocating the use of caffeine by doctors , the health department document said that compared with other psychoactive drugs , such as the prescription - only stimulant modafinil , caffeine was more readily available and less expensive .
Salaried Doctors Queensland , representing medicos , countered that pumping doctors full of caffeine was not an effective way to deal with fatigue and doctor shortages , often filled in Australia through recruitment overseas .
Queensland Labor Health Minister Paul Lucas said the state was aiming to train more doctors and cap hospital work shifts at 12 hours over the next two years , but had no immediate solution to fatigue and staff shortages .
“ If the doctors are not there , we ca n’t do it , ” he said .
“ We ca n’t say we ’d rather not have it as it is and create doctors out of the air . ”
In this demonstration of the touchable hologram , ultrasound is radiated from above and the user feels as if a rain drop hits his palm .
Credit : Hiroyuki Shinoda .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Researchers from the University of Tokyo have developed 3D holograms that can be touched with bare hands .
Generally , holograms can't be felt because they 're made only of light .
But the new technology adds tactile feedback to holograms hovering in 3D space .
Called the Airborne Ultrasound Tactile Display , the hologram projector uses an ultrasound phenomenon called acoustic radiation pressure to create a pressure sensation on a user 's hands , which are tracked with two Nintendo Wiimotes .
As the researchers explain , the method does n't use any direct contact and so does n't dilute the quality of the hologram .
The researchers , led by Hiroyuki Shinoda , currently have the technology on display at SIGGRAPH 2009 in New Orleans .
" A retroreflective marker is attached on the tip of user 's middle finger , " the researchers explain on their website .
" IR LEDs illuminate the marker and two Wiimotes sense the 3D position of the finger .
Owing to this hand - tracking system , the users can handle the floating virtual image with their hands . "
In the video , the researchers demonstrate how a user can dribble a virtual bouncing ball , feel virtual raindrops bouncing off their hand , and feel a small virtual creature crawling on their palm .
The researchers hope that the technology will have applications in video games , 3D CADs , and other uses .
More information : Shinoda Lab
© 2009 PhysOrg.com
Explore further Video : Swine flu health tips
Discrete Choice Methods with Simulation : a complete on - line course with textbook , videotaped lectures for web - viewing , problem sets , and links to relevant articles .
The longest - running drama in broadcast history , CBS ' " Guiding Light , " wrapped up its 72 - year run this afternoon .
The show went out on a high note , with many of the characters gathering for a picnic in a park on a bright sunny day .
The show 's most famous on - again - off - again couple , Reva ( Kim Zimmer ) and Josh ( Robert Newman ) , met at the light house , reaffirmed their love for each other and drove off together in Josh 's pick - up truck .
CBS in April decided to pull the plug on the program because of its high cost of production and flagging ratings .
This past year , the show mustered an average 2.1 million viewers an episode -- a far cry from the more than 5 million viewers it attracted a decade ago .
CBS plans to replace the soap opera on Oct. 5 with a remake of " Let 's Make a Deal , " hosted by Wayne Brady .
" Guiding Light " was created in the depths of the Depression , in 1937 , as a 15 - minute radio program aimed at selling soap and other products to housewives -- thus earning it the moniker of " soap opera . "
In 1952 , the show moved to television , where it has been a mainstay ever since .
It is owned by packaged products giant Procter & Gamble , the maker of Ivory , Tide , Mr. Clean and Crest toothpaste .
Legions of the show 's fans protested the cancellation , saying they had a special place in their hearts for the program about the families of the fictional Midwestern town of Springfield .
Some begged CBS to reconsider its decision .
But the network said that neither it nor P&G could make the finances work , and they joined those who mourned the death of the history - making serial .
Beyond entertaining millions of viewers with the love lives of the characters , the show explored themes that were once taboo for television : rape , abortion , adultery and AIDS .
It was produced in New York and provided jobs for thousands of people over the years .
" This ground - breaking program has provided steady employment , wages and benefits for thousands of AFTRA performers and other union members working in the entertainment and media industries , " the American Federation of Television and Radio Artists said in a statement today .
When CBS made its decision , the show 's executive producer , Ellen Wheeler , was philosophical .
" This show has been here since before World War II , " Wheeler said in early April .
" It has gone through wars and tragedies and triumphs -- man walking on the moon , and the dawn of the computer age .
This show chronicled all these changes in society .
It has been our mirror on society for generations , and when you lose something that is part of the fabric of society you lose something precious . "
-- Meg James
P
hoto : Kim Zimmer and Robert Newman of " Guiding Light . "
Credit : Robert Voets / Associated Press , CBS .
The New York Times has a nice article on what goes into scheduling the ( tennis ) US Open .
You would think that most of the scheduling is done once the brackets are determined , but that is not the case .
While the brackets determine who plays on each day , the assignment of matches to courts and to times of the day is done live , and depends on the outcomes of the matches .
Venus Williams wins , and her match goes into a big court at a time best for TV .
Venus loses , and her conqueror may be exiled to an outer court at 11 AM .
There are lots of things that go into the schedule :
The task is to balance the often conflicting desires of players ( who submit match - time preferences before the tournament ) , coaches ( who often have more than one pupil and prefer they play at different times ) , broadcasters ( including three in the United States and a litany of others around the world , each hoping to boost ratings with well - timed slots for particular players ) and ticket holders ( some holding passes for daytime matches , others with tickets to the prime - time show , all wanting compelling tennis spread evenly throughout their stay ) .
This is , of course , a great opportunity for operations research : our models are really good at doing this sort of scheduling .
The hard part is doing the balancing : what should the objective be ?
It appears that the system they have in place primarily tracks things as people hand - schedule :
To demonstrate , Curley and Crossland moved Friday ’s matches around , cutting and pasting from one court to another , from one time to another .
A matchup , outlined in blue for men and pink for women , would turn red if the computer recognized a problem .
In one case , a player had a doubles match before her singles match — a no- no .
In others , the computer flagged too little rest for players .
Several noted that coaches had players playing simultaneously .
Clicking on a command called “ pairs ” showed the two matches whose winners would meet in the next round .
Ideally , the matches take place at the same time , giving each winning player the same amount of rest leading into the next match .
This is not the sort of interface or description you would expect if the system was optimizing the schedule .
I have seen a very nice paper on tennis umpire scheduling which talks about scheduling the umpires for the US Open but there the constraints and requirements are a lot clearer .
It would be quite challenging to put together a system for scheduling the matches that would allow for the sort of tradeoffs the hand - scheduling provides .
But I would love to try to do so !
Consider a normal , monetary transaction where you take a pair of pants to a dry - cleaner .
In that transaction , you assume that the dry - cleaner will accept your government money in return for cleaning your pants .
You also assume that the dry - cleaner will return your pants in serviceable condition , cleaner than when you dropped them off .
Lastly , you assume that , if the dry - cleaning is not to your satisfaction , you will have a legal recourse in a government court , the mere threat of which should be sufficient to coerce the dry - cleaner into satisfying your demand for recompense .
In a Stateless transaction , you would not make those assumptions .
Rather than assuming recourse in government court , you would make specific allowance for examining the quality of work prior to acceptance and payment .
Or , you may make allowance for third - party arbitration in the case of dispute .
Rather than assuming any dry - cleaner will return your pants clean and serviceable , you would seek referrals and treasure the relationship once you found a good , quality dry-cleaner .
Last , rather than using government money , you may negotiate the transaction in some other currency or barter , however , even a transaction that used government money could be Stateless as long as you both specifically agree to the use .
Functionally , the two transactions differ very little .
However , the first transaction regards the State as an unseen third party with some interest in the transaction while the second totally disregards the State , making it an explicit two - party transaction .
With a little reflection , I \'m sure you can identify transactions and relationships in your life that are conducted exactly like the hypothetical .
In fact , you specifically delineate those relationships in normal speech ; they are the relationships you refer to using a possessive pronoun .
When you use the words " my brother - in - law " , " my friend " , or " my mechanic " you are not intimating that you own that person , you are saying that you possess proprietary information about that person – that you have a defined relationship with that person .
In the cases of " my mechanic " , " my doctor " , or " my dry - cleaner " , you are describing an ongoing economic relationship that you cherish sufficiently to openly advertise that you have that relationship .
You already conduct those relationships without regard to the State – it \'s a short but profitable trip from there to conduct those transactions with specific disregard to the State .
One may be tempted to recognize , in the second transaction , a transaction cost greater than in the first : negotiating terms and recourse .
However , just as the State is the unseen party to the first transaction , the cost it imposes on the transaction is also unseen .
That is not to say that the Stateless transaction cost will necessarily be less than the unseen cost imposed by the State .
Rather , as a one - off transaction , it is likely the Stateless transaction cost will be much higher .
However , once a relationship is established with a Stateless trading partner , the transaction cost is significantly reduced on all subsequent transactions .
Just as it would be inefficient to renegotiate the contract you have with your dry - cleaner every time you drop off a pair of pants , it is inefficient to pay the State - imposed cost on every transaction as if you were complete strangers .
Rather , by specifically disregarding the state in everyday transactions , you lower the transaction costs , and the difference stays in your pocket where it belongs .
If you expand and extend your Stateless trading network , before long the cost savings will multiply .
The savings will be invested by individuals in the trading network , expanding the types and quality of services offered by network partners , and lowering the costs of those services .
Of course , the State is involved in so many things it has no business in and in so many different ways , specific disregard doesn\'t eliminate the cost and presence of the State entirely , but it does significantly reduce its cost and influence on you , one pair of pants at a time .
#!/usr/bin/perl
-T ###################### #��author: glisten # http://www.dsl-speed.org
###################### &get_form_data ; &emptyid unless $ FORM {' sid'} ; $ afid= $ FORM { ' sid'} ; &gencode ; sub emptyid{ $ login_page = " http://www.adultworldmedia.com " ; # Replace to your affiliate program url print " Content - Type : text / html
" ; print <
Generator error
Researchers at the University of Warwick have found that fake video evidence can dramatically alter people 's perceptions of events , even convincing them to testify as an eyewitness to an event that never happened .
Associate Professor Dr Kimberley
Wade from the Department of Psychology led an experiment to see whether exposure to fabricated footage of an event could induce individuals to accuse another person of doing something they never did .
In the study , published in Applied Cognitive Psychology , Dr Wade found that almost 50 % of people shown fake footage of an event they witnessed first hand were prepared to believe the video version rather than what they actually saw .
Dr Wade ’s research team filmed 60 subjects as they took part in a computerised gambling task .
The subjects were unknowingly seated next to a member of the research team as they both separately answered a series of multiple - choice general knowledge questions .
All subjects were given a pile of fake money to gamble with and they shared a pile of money that represented the bank .
Their task was to earn as much money as possible by typing in an amount of money to gamble on the chances of them answering each question correctly .
They were told the person who made the highest profit would win a prize .
When they answered each question , subjects saw either a green tick on their computer monitor to show their answer was correct , or a red cross to show it was incorrect .
If the answer was wrong , they would be told to return the money to the bank .
After the session , the video footage was doctored to make it look as if the member of the research team sat next to the subject was cheating by not putting money back into the bank .
One third of the subjects were told that the person sat next to them was suspected of cheating .
Another third were told the person had been caught on camera cheating , and the remaining group were actually shown the fake video footage .
All subjects were then asked to sign a statement only if they had seen the cheating take place .
Nearly 40 % of the participants who had seen the doctored video complied .
Another 10 % of the group signed when asked a second time by the researchers .
Only 10 % of those who were told the incident had been caught on film but were not shown the video agreed to sign , and about 5 % of the control group who were just told about the cheating signed the statement .
Dr Wade said : “ Over the previous decade we have seen rapid advances in digital - manipulation technology .
As a result , almost anyone can create convincing , yet fake , images or video footage .
Our research shows that if fake footage is extremely compelling , it can induce people to testify about something they never witnessed . ”
Notes to editors
For more information , please contact Kelly Parkes - Harrison , Communications Officer , University of Warwick02476 150483/02476 574255 , 07824 540863 , K.E.Parkes@warwick.ac.uk
Your home for the best indie Roots Rock
and real Rock & Roll from around the globe
Roots Rock Radio © 2019 Richard Taylor
Mail your CD to :
ROOTS ROCK RADIO
PO BOX 346
SYKESVILLE , MD 21784
By submitting your music to be considered for airplay on Roots Rock Radio , you give your permission to play your music on the show .
Here 's an imaginative way to jog people 's memories about the past : a series of photographs of St Petersburg ( Leningrad under the Communists ) which transpose scenes from siege of 1941 - 1944 onto the exact same spots today .
Today is in color ; the past is in black and white .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
To the average person a 1 - degree rise in average spring and summer temperatures may not seem like much .
But for residents of the western United States — including California , which is fighting at least eight fires right now — it could mean a staggering increase in the extent and cost of fires according to a recent study .
In their report , researchers at Headwaters Economics , an independent nonprofit research group in Bozeman , MT , predict that climate change and the accelerating movement of western residents to areas near or in undeveloped forests will likely prove to be a devastating combination .
That 1 - degree increase in spring and summer temperatures , they conclude , will increase the area burned by seasonal fires in Montana by more than 300 percent and more than double the cost of protecting homes threatened by fire .
Though the Headwaters paper focuses on Montana , using data from 18 large fires in the state during 2006 and 2007 , it has implications for fire - prone areas throughout the Rocky Mountain West .
And it builds on a growing body of evidence that inaction on climate change will cost the western United States dearly .
Earlier this summer , for example , Harvard University scientists published a study in the Journal of Geophysical Research predicting that areas burned by wildfires in the West could increase by 50 percent by 2050 , with even larger increases of 75 percent to 175 percent in the Pacific Northwest and Rocky Mountain West .
Those increases could have “ large impacts on human health ” because of the added smoke and particulates released into the air , the study said .
Federal and state agencies responsible for fighting western wildfires , particularly the United States Forest Service , are already struggling to cope with the rapidly increasing costs of protecting lives and property .
Since 2000 , wildland fires in the United States have burned an average of more than 7 million acres a year , about double the average acreage for the previous four decades .
Federal firefighting costs have also risen dramatically , according to the Government Accountability Office , averaging $ 2.9 billion per year from fiscal 2001 - 2005 compared to $ 1.1 billion in the previous five - year period .
The Headwaters study predicts that state wildland firefighting costs in Montana will double to quadruple by 2025 .
The increasing popularity of building homes in or near forested areas , known as the wildland - urban interface , or WUI , is a major factor in the escalating costs of fire suppression .
A 2006 report by the Department of Agriculture ’s Office of Inspector General found that “ the majority of [ Forest Service ] large fire suppression costs are directly linked to protecting private property in the WUI , ” with Forest Service managers estimating between 50 and 95 percent of large fire costs spent on that purpose alone .
Though federal agencies shoulder the major financial burden for protecting those homes , development decisions in wild areas are made by local and state officials .
“ While fire - prone lands are being developed , the climate is warming , leading to more large fires , ” write the authors of the Headwaters Economics report , which notes that with just 14 percent of the wildland urban interface developed in the West , the cost of protecting those areas will increase significantly .
“ More development in these sensitive areas would lead to more wildfire suppression costs , even in the absence of climate change .
Climate change will only exacerbate this effect . ”
Climate change and its impacts on temperature , drought , and snowpack runoff will affect fires as well as many other aspects of life in the West .
Climate models predict that global warming will significantly reduce snow runoff in the West , the region ’s major source of water .
A study published in April by the Scripps Institution of Oceanography estimated that the Colorado River , the lifeline for 27 million people in the Southwest , will not be able to produce its allocated water supply 60 percent to 90 percent of the time by mid-century .
That would have major impacts on food production , recreation , and development in the fastest - growing region in the nation .
It will also mean forests will dry out sooner , with a likely increase in fire activity .
And in recent years , a widespread and so far unchecked epidemic of mountain pine beetles that has killed millions of acres of trees from Colorado north into Canada has laid the foundation for a potentially large increase in catastrophic fires .
Climate change has played a role in that outbreak , too , as warmer winters spare the beetles from low temperatures that would normally kill them off , and drought stresses trees .
In the western United States , mountain pine beetles have killed some 6.5 million acres of forest , according to the Associated Press .
As large as that path of destruction is , it ’s dwarfed by the 35 million acres killed in British Columbia , which has experienced a rash of forest fires this summer that as of early this month had burned more than 155,000 acres .
In the United States to date about 5.2 million acres — an area larger than Massachusetts — have burned this year .
Destruction of trees by the mountain pine beetle , combined with climate change and fire , makes for a dangerous feedback loop .
Dead forests sequester less carbon dioxide .
Burning forests release lots of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere .
More carbon dioxide adds to climate change , which raises temperatures , stresses forests , and makes more and bigger fires more likely .
It ’s a frightening prospect , as British Columbia ’s Forests Minister Pat Bell told an International Energy Agency conference last week .
“ I am not a doomsayer , ” said Bell .
“ I am not one who wants to say we are beyond the tipping point .
But I am afraid that we are getting close to that . ”
Tom Kenworthy is a Senior Fellow at the Center for American Progress .
t ’s not too late to turn things around , but we must first understand why the administration is getting beat at the moment .
The answer is simple and unfortunate :
The president put both the conceptual framing and the messaging for his health care plan in the hands of policy wonks .
This led to twin disasters .
The PolicyList Disaster
The whole is greater than the sum of its parts .
Howard Dean was right when he said that you ca n’t get health care reform without a public alternative to the insurance companies .
Institutions matter .
The list of what needs reform makes sense under one conceptual umbrella .
It is a public alternative that unifies the long list of needed reforms : coverage for the uninsured , cost control , no preconditions , no denial of care , keeping care when you change jobs or get sick , equal treatment for women , exorbitant deductibles , no lifetime caps , and on and on .
It ’s a long list .
But one idea , properly articulated , takes care of the list : An American Plan guarantees affordable care for all Americans .
Simple .
But not for policy wonks .
The policymakers focus on the list , not the unifying idea .
So Obama ’s and Axelrod ’s statements last Sunday were just the lists without the unifying institution .
And without a powerful institution , the insurance companies will just whittle away at enforcement of any such list , and a future Republican administration will just get rid of the regulators , reassigning them or eliminating their jobs .
Why do policymakers think this way ?
One :
The reality of how Congress is lobbied .
Legislators are lobbied to be against particular features , depending on their constituencies .
Blue Dogs are pressured by the right ’s communication system operating in their districts .
Congressional leaders have a challenge : Keep the eye of centrists and Blue Dogs on the central idea , despite the pressures of right - wing communications and lobbyists ’ contributions .
Two :
In classical logic , Leibniz ’
Law takes an entity as being just a collection of properties .
As if you were no more than eyes , legs , arms , and so on , taken separately .
Without a public institution turning a unifying idea into a powerful reality , health care becomes just a collection of reforms to be attacked , undermined , and gotten around year after year .
Three : Current budget - making assumptions .
Health is actually systematic in character .
Health is implicated in just about all aspects of our culture : agriculture , the food industry , advertising , education , business , the distribution of wealth , sports , and so on .
Keeping it as a line item — what figure do you put down on the following lines — misses the systemic nature of health .
The image of Budget Director Peter Orszag running constantly in and out of Senator Max Baucus ’ office shows how the systemic nature of health has been turned into a list of items and costs .
Without a sense of the whole , and an institution responsible for it , health will be line - itemed to death .
Obama had the right idea with the “ recovery ” package .
The economy is not just about banking .
It is about public works , education , health , energy , and a lot more .
It is systemic .
The whole is more than the sum of its parts .
The PolicySpeak Disaster
PolicySpeak is the principle that :
If you just tell people the policy facts , they will reason to the right conclusion and support the policy wholeheartedly .
PolicySpeak is the principle behind the President ’s new Reality Check Website .
To my knowledge , the Reality Check Website , has not had a reality check .
That is , the administration has not hired a first - class cognitive psychologist to take subjects who have been convinced by right - wing myths and lies , have them read the Reality Check website , and see if the Reality Check website has changed their minds a couple of days or a week later .
I have my doubts , but do the test .
To many liberals , PolicySpeak sounds like the high road : a rational , public discussion in the best tradition of liberal democracy .
Convince the populace rationally on the objective policy merits .
Give the facts and figures .
Assume self - interest as the motivator of rational choice .
Convince people by the logic of the policymakers that the policy is in their interest
.
But to a cognitive scientist or neuroscientist , this sounds nuts .
The view of human reason and language behind PolicySpeak is just false .
Certainly reason should be used .
It ’s just that you should use real reason , the way people really think .
Certainly the truth should be told .
It ’s just that it should be told so it makes sense to people , resonates with them , and inspires them to act .
Certainly new media should be used .
It ’s just that a system of communications should be constructed and used effectively .
I believe that what went wrong is ( a ) the choice of PolicySpeak and ( b ) the decision to depend on the campaign apparatus ( blogs , Town Hall meetings , presidential appearances , grassroots support ) instead of setting up an adequate communications system .
What Now ?
It is not too late .
The statistic I ’ve heard is that over 80 % of citizens want a public plan , but the right wing ’s framing has been overwhelming public debate , taking advantage of the right ’s communication system and framing prowess .
The administration has dug itself ( and the country ) into a hole .
At the very least , the old mistakes can be avoided , a clear and powerful narrative is still available and true , and some powerful , memorable , and accurate language should be substituted for PolicySpeak , or at least added and repeated by spokespeople nationwide .
The narrative is simple :
Insurance company plans have failed to care for our people .
They profit from denying care .
Americans care about one another .
An American plan is both the moral and practical alternative to provide care for our people .
The insurance companies are doing their worst , spreading lies in an attempt to maintain their profits and keep Americans from getting the care they so desperately need .
You , our citizens , must be the heroes .
Stand up , and speak up , for an American plan .
Language
As for language , the term “ public option ” is boring .
Yes , it is public , and yes , it is an option , but it does not get to the moral and inspiring idea .
Call it the American Plan , because that ’s what it really is .
The American Plan .
Health care is a patriotic issue .
It is what your countrymen are engaged in because Americans care about each other .
The right wing understands this well .
It ’s got conservative veterans at Town Hall meeting shouting things like , “ I fought for this country in Vietnam , and I ’m fight for it here . ”
Progressives should be stressing the patriotic nature of having our nation guaranteeing care for our people .
A Health Care Emergency .
Americans are suffering and dying because of the failure of insurance company health care .
50 million have no insurance at all , and millions of those who do are denied necessary care or lose their insurance .
We ca n’t wait any longer .
It ’s an emergency .
We have to act now to end the suffering and death .
Doctor - Patient care .
This is what the public plan is really about .
Call it that .
You have said it , buried in PolicySpeak .
Use the slogan .
Repeat it .
Have every spokesperson repeat it .
Coverage is not care .
You think you ’re insured .
You very well may not be , because insurance companies make money by denying you care .
Deny you care …
Use the words .
That ’s what all the paperwork and administrative costs of insurance companies are about – denying you care if they can .
Insurance company profit - based plans .
The bottom line is the bottom line for insurance companies .
Say it .
Private Taxation .
Insurance companies have the power to tax and they tax the public mightily .
When 20 % - 30 % of payments do not go to health care , but to denying care and profiting from it , that constitutes a tax on the 96 % of voters that have health care .
But the tax does not go to benefit those who are taxed ; it benefits managers and investors .
And the people taxed have no representation .
Insurance company health care is a huge example of taxation without representation .
And you ca n’t vote out the people who have taxed you .
The American Plan offers an alternative to private taxation .
Is it time for progressive tea parties at insurance company offices ?
Doctors care ; insurance companies do n’t .
A public plan aims to put care back into the hands of doctors .
Insurance company bureaucrats .
Obama mentions them , but there is no consistent uproar about them .
The term needs to come into common parlance .
Insurance companies ration care .
Say it and ask the right questions :
Have you ever had to wait more than a week for an authorization ?
Have you ever had an authorization turned down ?
Have you had to wait months to see a specialist ?
Does you primary care physician have to rush you through ?
Have your out - of - pocket costs gone up ?
Ask these questions .
You know the answers .
It ’s because insurance companies have been rationing care .
Say it .
Insurance companies are inefficient and wasteful .
A large chunk of your health care dollar is not going for health care when you buy from insurance companies .
Insurance companies govern your lives .
They have more power over you than even governments have .
They make life and death decisions .
And they are accountable only to profit , not to citizens .
The health care failure is an insurance company failure .
Why keep a failing system ?
Augment it .
Give an alternative .
The Needed Communication System
A progressive communication system should be started .
It should go into every Congressional district .
It should concentrate on general progressive ideas .
President Obama has articulated what these are .
• The basic values are empathy ( we care about people ) , responsibility for ourselves and others , and the ethic of excellence ( making ourselves better and the world better ) .
• These values form the basis of democracy :
It ’s because we care about our fellow citizens that we have values like freedom and fairness , for everyone , not just the powerful .
• From that , it follows that government has two moral missions : protection ( of consumers , workers , the environment , the old , the sick , the powerless ; and empowerment through public works ; communication , energy , and water systems ; education ; banks that work ; a court system : and so on .
Without them , no one makes it in America .
Taxes are what you pay for protection and empowerment by the government , and the more you make the greater your responsibility to maintain the system .
Appropriate language can be found to express these values .
They lie at the heart of all progressive policies .
If they are out there every day , it becomes easier to discuss any issue .
This is what it means to prepare the ground for specific framings .
The Culture War is On !
You Ca n’t Ignore it
President Obama wants to unify the country , and he should .
It is a noble idea .
It is the right idea .
And he started out with the right way to do it .
Campaign for what you believe – for empathy , social responsibility , making the nation better .
Activate the progressive values in the many millions of Americans who have some conservative values and some progressive values .
But also inhibit the radical , harmful conservative ideology in the brains of our countrymen , by directly saying what ’s wrong with it .
Yes , there are villains .
They have a very potent communications system and can organize their troops .
Every victory makes them more powerful .
They have put together powerful narratives .
We need more powerful ones .
And avoid PolicySpeak and PolicyLists .
What should have been done ?
It is useful to review what should and should not have been done , because we need to understand the past to avoid future mistakes .
First , it was obvious to the framing community what the right wing would do .
Almost every move could have been predicted , and most of them were .
There should have been a serious counter effort from right after the election .
Second , an effective communication system should have been built .
Not for dictating what to say , but for creating a system of effectively trained spokespeople who can get the basic progressive values out there every day , to compete with the very effective conservative system .
It should not work issue by issue , but in addition to the issues of the day , it should promote general values that apply to all issues .
The elements are all in existence .
The money is there .
Indeed it would be a lot cheaper to build than spending tens of millions of dollars on health care ads .
What it would accomplish is laying the groundwork in advance of any particular issue .
The work of such a communication system would be to activate ideas already there in the millions of citizens who have progressive as well as conservative worldviews in their brain circuitry .
The idea would be to make progressive ideas stronger and conservative ideas weaker , balancing what the conservative communication system is doing now .
It is rather late in the game for the stimulus , cap and trade , and health care , but better late than never .
And it would be indispensible for future policy campaigns .
Framing a powerful message is a lot easier when the groundwork for it has already been laid .
Without the groundwork , it is much harder .
Third , a serious framing education effort with folks who do know the science should have been organized , not just for the communications system , but for the policymakers themselves .
Fourth , the villainizing of real insurance company villains should have begun from the beginning .
As it is , the right wing turned the tables .
They attributed to government all the disasters of insurance company health care : rationing , long lines , waits for authorizations and visits to specialists , denial of care .
The administration is trying to turn that around , but it is harder now , and they are trying it using PolicySpeak , which is the most ineffective of means .
Fifth , the positive policy should have been made in moral terms , with clear and vivid language .
The term “ public option ” is a Policy Speak loser .
The public is the American public , it is all of us , it is America , and it should have been called the American Plan .
Sixth , the administration should have been on the offensive not the defensive all the way .
The use of conservative language should never have been used in debunking .
Seventh , it was a mistake to shut out single payer advocates .
They should have been welcomed into the debate .
Though the term “ single payer ” is hopeless PolicySpeak and “ doctor - patient care ” would have been more accurate , nonetheless the doctors , nurses , and unions advocating for such a plan could have done a lot of the work of villainizing the health care industry and would have drawn fire from the Right .
An alternative on the left would have made the President ’s plan a compromise .
Besides , there is so much to be said in favor of single payer , that there might have been fewer actual compromises with the right .
Eighth , it was a mistake to put cost ahead of morality .
Health care is a moral issue , and the right - wing understands that and is using it .
That ’s why the “ death panels ” and “ government takeover ” language resonates with those who have a conservative moral perspective and have effectively used terms like “ pro-life . ”
Health care is a life and death issue , which is as moral as anything could be .
The insurance companies have been on the side of death , and that needs to be said overtly .
Ninth , accepting the idea that health is a line item separate from agriculture policy , the food industry , regulation of food and drugs , education , the vitality of business , banking reform , etc. is just bad economics .
These are all tied up together .
In this , health care might have been treated like the “ recovery ” package , but in reverse .
A causal approach to economics would be appropriate .
Instead of putting funds in many places , it might have taken funds from sources of health problems .
For example , big agriculture and the food industry produce and heavily marketed foods that have been central causes of the obesity epidemic and heart disease — corn syrup , too much meat , and so on .
They might have been called upon to pay the costs of treating heart disease , strokes , and diabetes .
It would not be popular with those industries , but it would be causally fair , and might even save a lot of lives – and money .
Our take another example of causal economics .
Hugely high private taxation ( that is , high costs and profit taking ) by the health insurance industry helped drive American automakers into bankruptcy .
The health insurance industry should have had to use a portion of their profits for bailouts of the auto industry , and the equivalent amount of bailout money could have been used for providing health care to those without it .
Given the systemic nature of our culture and our economy , a move in the direction of such causal economics should start to be seriously considered .
At the very least it would bring up the question , alert the public to systemic causation , and start people thinking about the justice of causal economics .
All this is not just 20 - 20 hindsight .
My colleagues , Glenn Smith and Eric Haas and I have made many of these points before .
See our reply to the May 2009 memo by Frank Luntz :
www.huffingtonpost.com/...lakoff/health-care-reform-some-b_b_200132.
Html .
And take a look at an even earlier memo of the logic of the health care debate :
http://www.cognitivepolicyworks.com/...
Where PolicyLists and PolicySpeak Come From
Framing is everywhere , not just in language .
What people do depends on how they think , on how they understand the world — and we all use framing to understand the world .
Truth matters .
But it can only be comprehended when it is framed effectively , and heard constantly .
This point is to often misunderstood that it is important to understand why .
It is also important to understand where PolicyLists and PolicySpeak come from and why they have the powerful grip that they have .
This is especially important now , when there might still be a chance to turn the health care debate around .
The source of these political disasters lies in an unlikely place : our most common understanding of reason itself .
What Is Reason Really Like ?
PolicySpeak is supposed to be reasoned , objective discourse .
It thus assumes a theory of what reason itself is — a philosophical theory that dates back to the 17th Century and is still taught .
Over the past four decades , cognitive science and neuroscience have provided a scientific view of how the brain and mind really work .
A handful of these results have come into behavioral economics .
But most social scientists and policymakers are not trained in these fields .
They still have the old view of mind and language .
The old philosophical theory says that reason is conscious , can fit the world directly , is universal ( we all think the same way ) , is dispassionate ( emotions get in the way of reason ) , is literal ( no metaphor or framing in reason ) , works by logic , is abstract ( not physical ) and functions to serve our interests .
Language on this view is neutral and can directly fit , or not fit , reality .
The scientific research in neuroscience and cognitive science has shown that most reason is unconscious .
Since we think with our brains , reason cannot directly fit the world .
Emotion is necessary for rational thought ; if you cannot feel emotion , you will not know what to want or how anyone else would react to your actions .
Rational decisions depend on emotion .
Empathy with others has a physical basis , and as much as self - interest , empathy lies behind reason .
Ideas are physical , part of brain circuitry .
Ideas are constituted by brain structures called ‘ frames ’ and ‘ metaphors , ’ and reason uses them .
Frames form systems , called worldviews .
All language is defined relative to such frames and metaphors .
There are very different conservative and progressive worldviews , and different words can activate different worldviews .
Important words , like freedom , can have entirely different meanings depending on your worldview .
In short , not everybody thinks the same way .
As a result , what is taken as “ objective ” discourse is often worldview dependent .
This is especially true of health care .
All progressive writing supporting some version of health care assumes a progressive moral worldview , in which no one should be forced to go without heath care , the government should play a role , market regulation is necessary , and so on .
Those with radical conservative worldviews may well think otherwise : that everyone should be responsible for their own and their family ’s health care , that the government is oppressive and should stay out of it , that the market should always dominate , and so on .
Overall , the foundational assumptions underlying PolicySpeak are false .
It should be no wonder that PolicySpeak is n’t working .
The Bi-conceptual Audience
A property of brains called “ mutual inhibition ” permits people to have contradictory worldviews and go back and forth between them .
Many people have both progressive and conservative worldviews , but on different issues — perhaps conservative on financial issues and progressive on social issues .
Such people are called bi-conceptuals .
President Obama understands this .
He has said that his “ bipartisanship ” means finding Republicans who happen to share his progressive views on particular issues , and working with them on those issues — and not accepting an ideology ( radical conservatism ) rejected by the American people .
The people the President has to convince are the millions of bi-conceptuals .
That means he has to have them thinking of health care in progressive moral terms , not conservative moral terms .
How can this be accomplished ?
Why Do the Nature of Reason and Language Matter ?
It ’s all in the brain .
Words activate frame - and - metaphor circuits , which in turn activate worldview circuits .
Whenever brain circuitry is activated , the synapses get stronger , and the circuits are easier to activate again .
Conservative language will activate conservative frames , which will activate and strengthen the conservative worldview .
Conservative tacticians may not know about brain research , but they know about marketing , and marketing theorists use that brain research .
That is why conservatives place such importance on language choice , from the classic “ socialized medicine , ” to Luntz ’s “ government takeover ” to Palin ’s “ death panels . ”
When repeated over and over , the words evoke a conservative worldview , with many of the specific bogeymen — abortion , socialism = communism = nazism , euthanasia , foreigners , taxes , spending , the liberal elite , Big Brother , and so on .
The most effective language has emotional appeal and , to conservatives , a moral appeal because it activates the conservative moral worldview .
And such language , repeated every day , changes brains , strengthening the synapses of those who listen .
Conservative language will activate and strengthen conservative worldviews — even when negated !
I titled a book Do n’t Think of an Elephant ! to make this point .
The classic example is Richard Nixon ’s “ I am not a crook , ” which made everyone think of him as a crook .
And yet I ’ve heard President Obama say “ We do n’t want a government takeover , ” which activates the idea of a government takeover .
Mediamatters.org ’s major story , as I write this , is : “ The media have debunked the death panels -- more than 40 times . ”
It then gives a list of 40 cases of debunking , each one of which uses the term “ death panels . ”
And you wonder , after so many debunkings , why it is still believed !
Each “ debunking ” reinforced the idea .
The first rule of effective communication is stating the positive in your own terms , not quoting the other side ’s language with a negation .
The Conservative Communication System
The serious reporting on role of conservative think tanks began in the mid-1990 ’s with works such as :
• Buying a Movement : Right - Wing Foundations and American Politics ( People for the American Way , 1996 ) .
• Sally Covington , Moving a Public Policy Agenda : The Strategic Philanthropy of Conservative Foundations ( National Committee for Responsive Philanthropy , 1998 ) .
• Jean Stefancic and Richard Delgado , No Mercy : How Conservative Think Tanks and Foundations Changed America 's Social Agenda ( Temple University Press , 1996 ) .
In 1996 , my Moral Politics appeared , outlining the conservative and progressive moral worldviews and how the conservatives used language to frame public discourse their way .
In 2004 , Rob Stein tracked the conservative communications system , traeling the country with his detailed powerpoint , " The Conservative Message Machine Money Matrix . "
Stein tracked not only conservative think tanks , but also the language experts and training institutes training tens of thousands of conservative spokespeople
He also tracked the communications facilities , and the collections of “ experts ” on every issue , together with a booking agency booking the experts daily on media all over the country .
Daily talking points are repeated by those “ experts . ”
The conservative communications system extends into every congressional district , including the districts of democrats .
In the case of the Blue Dog Democrats , who come from relatively conservative districts , the Blue Dogs have to deal with constituents who hear conservative framing over and over every day without anything effective countering it .
That is a major factor in Blue Dog resistance to administration proposals .
With all this information , you might think that progressives would set up their own communications network going into the heart of conservative districts everywhere , day after day , effectively countering the conservative framing .
It did n’t happen .
Instead , PolicySpeak prevailed .
The old philosophical theory , which is taught in every policy school , won out .
Progressives thought such a communications system would be illegitimate — what the conservatives do .
They believe , in 17th Century fashion , that if they just state the facts , people should reason to the right conclusion .
So progressives set up truth squad websites and blogs to negate conservative lies – like Media Matters , The Center for American Progress , the People for the American Way , the Center for America ’s Future , MoveOn , Organizing for America , and so on .
These are all fine organizations , and we are fortunate to have them .
But … they are preaching to the choir ( because they do n’t have an adequate communications system ) , and they are using PolicySpeak : just stating the policy truths will be enough .
As I was writing this , I received the viral email written by David Axelrod , which he refers to as “ probably one of the longest emails I 've ever sent . ”
It is indeed long .
It is accurate .
It lays out the President ’s list of needed reforms .
It answers the myths .
It appeals to people who would personally benefit from the President ’s plan .
It drops the Public Option , which makes sense of the list .
And it is written in PolicySpeak .
It has 24 points – 3 sets of 8 .
Ask yourself which is more memorable : “ Government takeover , ” “ socialized medicine , ” and “ death panels ” — or Axelrod ’s 24 points ?
Did the administration do a reality check on the 24 points ?
That is , did they have one of our superb cognitive psychologists test subjects who were convinced of the right - wing framing , have them read the 24 points , and test them a couple days or a week later on whether Axelrod ’s 24 points had convinced them ?
PolicySpeak folks do n’t tend to think of such things .
I genuinely hope the 24 points work .
But this is the kind of messaging that created the problems in the first place .
I respect Axelrod deeply .
But the strategist who ran the best - framed campaign I ’ve ever seen is giving in to PolicySpeak .
The Irony
There is a painful irony in all this , and I am aware of it constantly .
Highly educated progressives , who argue for the importance of science , have been ignoring or rejecting the science of the brain and mind .
Why ?
Because brains are brains .
A great many progressives have not grown up with , nor have they learned , the new scientific understanding of reason .
Instead they have acquired the old philosophical theory of reason and assume it every day in everything they do .
The old view is inscribed indelibly in the synapses of their brains .
It will be hard for those progressives to comprehend the new science that contradicts their daily practice .
They may find it hard to comprehend framing , metaphor , and narrative as the way reason really works — as what you need to do to communicate truth .
Instead , they may well think of framing as merely manipulation and spin , as the mechanism that the right wing uses to communicate lies .
An excellent example of such old - theory thinking appears in the Rahm Emanuel / Bruce Reed book , The Plan , where framing is seen only as manipulation , not as the structure of ideas .
Emanuel and Reed ( p. 21 ) assume that policy is independent of what they incorrectly understand framing to be .
As a result , they assume that framing can only be illegitimate manipulation .
This is , of course , the very opposite of what I and other cognitive scientists have been saying .
They are right that real reason can be manipulated in that way , as Frank Luntz has shown us .
But it need not be .
An understanding of how the brain really works can be used to communicate the truth effectively , and that ’s how it should be used .
In the Obama campaign , honest , effective framing was used with great success .
But in the Obama administration , something has changed .
It needs to change back .
There 's no telling where this cam - footage of an entire Modern Warfare 2 mission came from , but there 's no mistaking it for any other game .
A reader pointed us to the YouTube version of this clip , uploaded by a user named " kajsghkjab " as his sole YouTube contribution , so we 're guessing that he probably does n't want fame and fortune .
He just wants to show the nice people an entire mission from Activision 's Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2 , in all of its gorgeous , bloody glory .
This is n't normally my type of game , but after the car - shattering ending of this mission ?
It must be mine .
Git changes the game of distributed Web development
Modern version control systems provide powerful support for collaboration
Version control systems ( VCSs ) provide a mechanism for applying and managing changes to sets of files in a project and are commonly used in team - oriented software , documentation , and other online development projects .
VCSs are just as critical to development projects as system backups , as they enable multiple users to submit changes to the same files or project without one developer 's changes accidentally overwriting another's .
Frequently used acronyms CSS : Cascading Style Sheet
Cascading Style Sheet GUI : Graphical user interface
Graphical user interface HTML : Hypertext Markup Language
Hypertext Markup Language HTTP : Hypertext Transfer Protocol
Even if Linus Torvalds had n't developed the Linux® operating system kernel , he might be just as famous for having created the Git VCS .
Projects as complex as Linux are the ultimate system test for a VCS , so it 's no surprise that Git has quickly evolved into a stable , powerful , and flexible system .
Linux and UNIX ® systems are knee - deep in VCSs , ranging from dinosaurs such as the Revision Control System ( RCS ) and the Concurrent Versions System ( CVS ) to more modern systems such as Subversion , Mercurial , Bazaar , Arch , and Darcs .
Ironically ( especially in the Linux domain ) , Git was developed as a replacement for a commercial VCS called BitKeeper , which had both unique , impressive capabilities and a free version .
BitKeeper is still impressive , but licensing changes eventually caused Torvalds to look for alternatives ; in the finest free software tradition , he eventually decided to write his own .
Like the Linux kernel , Git is now the product of enhancements , bug fixes , and other contributions from countless open source developers .
Git is attractive both because of its power and because of the cost savings associated with free software , and it is rapidly being adopted by many open source software projects , academic institutions , and organizations .
Once " inside " a corporate or academic environment , Git 's benefits as both a VCS and a platform for collaboration have led to its adoption by many projects outside the traditional " source code " arena .
As this article discusses , Git is especially useful in complex , distributed Web development projects that have both content and development requirements and therefore require up - to - date interaction among different people .
Git : more than just a VCS
Git was designed to facilitate distributed development among thousands of developers working at many different locations with different degrees of Internet connectivity without introducing significant performance or access bottlenecks .
The most important aspects supporting these fundamental requirements in Git are :
Using a central repository but providing each developer on a project with a complete copy of the source code for that project .
This guarantees that all developers can get work done regardless of their current connectivity .
Providing fast and reliable support for creating different working sets , known as branches , within a software project and sharing changes across them , known as merges .
Branches make it easy to support different versions of a software package , regardless of whether those versions are permanent or were created for experimentation .
Merges are a key aspect of a source code control system in general and are especially common in a branch - oriented VCS .
Making it easy to share in - progress branches and code changes between subsets of developers without requiring that those changes first be checked in to the central repository .
These design decisions and their implementation are key aspects of Git 's success and usability .
Of course , Git also satisfies standard VCS requirements such as immutability and accountability .
Immutability means that once changes are committed to a repository , they are a permanent part of a project 's historical record .
Even though they can subsequently be un - done ( known as reverting ) , both the changes and the replacement code that undoes those changes are a permanent part of project history .
Accountability means that it is easy to determine who made a specific change and when that change was made .
Why a change was made may still be a mystery ( though some comment is required whenever a change is committed ) , but at least you know whom to ask .
Git uses an internal index to track the state of the files and directories in a repository .
It also stores objects that reflect changes to those files and directories to simplify subsequent updates .
Git 's index and these objects are distinct from the actual files and directories present in a local repository — a model that makes it easy to identify files and directories that have changed locally but have not yet been committed to a local repository or a remote central repository ( if one is present ) .
Some
Git commands operate on the index , while others operate on actual file and directory contents , which can be confusing if you use the wrong command and wonder why files have n't been updated .
Getting Git
Most Linux distributions provide the packages for Git in their package repository .
On Ubuntu , Debian , and similar systems that use the .deb package format , you need to install the git - core package .
On RPM - based systems such as Fedora , Red Hat , Centos , SUSE , and Mandriva , the main Git package is simply called git .
The basic
Git package requires that Perl , Perl libraries for encryption and error handling , and the patch utility are also installed on your system .
If you need the latest and greatest version of Git for your Linux system , the Git Web site provides links to prepackaged .deb and RPM packages as well as the latest Git source code ( if you want to build your own version ) .
The Git site also provides links to precompiled versions of Git for Mac® OS X , native Windows® , Cygwin on Windows systems , and Sun / Oracle Solaris® systems .
At the moment , IBM ® AIX ® and Hewlett - Packard ® HP - UX systems administrators have to build Git from source code for their platforms .
See Related topics for information about obtaining or building Git for your platform .
The main Git package contains the git executable and a few auxiliary Git applications .
As you might expect , a huge number of other Git-related packages are also available .
Some of the most popular Git-related packages include :
git -cola .
A GUI for working with files and directories in a Git repository
A GUI for working with files and directories in a Git repository git-doc .
Installs the Git user 's manual , tutorial , and documentation locally
Installs the Git user 's manual , tutorial , and documentation locally git -gui .
A GUI for browsing and working with Git repositories ; uses the gitk package
A GUI for browsing and working with Git repositories ; uses the gitk package git-web .
A graphical , Web - based interface to Git repositories
A graphical , Web - based interface to Git repositories gitk .
A simple GUI for browsing and working with Git repositories
A simple GUI for browsing and working with Git repositories qgit .
A graphical Qt - based application for viewing and exploring Git repositories
The git - gui , git - web , gitk , , and qgit packages provide similar functionality , though git -web is Web based , while all the others run locally .
Any of these packages can be useful when you 're getting started with Git , though the git - web package is probably the best choice in a distributed environment .
If you 're interested in experimenting with Git but are already committed to another VCS , the following packages can be useful :
git-cvs .
This package provides interoperability between Git and CVS repositories , enabling you to import CVS repositories and change history into Git , work in Git , merge your changes back to the CVS repository , and import updates from the CVS repository .
This package provides interoperability between Git and CVS repositories , enabling you to import CVS repositories and change history into Git , work in Git , merge your changes back to the CVS repository , and import updates from the CVS repository .
git-svn .
This package provides interoperability between Git and Subversion repositories , enabling you to import Subversion repositories and change history into Git , work in Git , merge your changes back to the Subversion repository , and import updates from the Subversion repository .
Common Git commands
Git is what is traditionally referred to as a command suite , meaning that the primary command you use is git and that the first argument on the command line indicates the specific Git command you want to run .
Git analogues
Older versions of Git also installed analogues for many Git commands in the form git-command , where command was a specific Git command .
This enabled you to execute a Git command as , for example , either git push or git-push .
This functionality was useful in the early days of Git , when many auxiliary Git commands were actively under development , because it provided a command syntax for Git commands that were provided in the main Git binary and those that were still external , but it is no longer necessary now that Git is more mature .
You can see a list of common Git commands at any time by running the git command with no arguments .
The following is a subset of this list :
add .
Adds a new file to Git 's index .
You will still have to commit this file to actually add its contents to a Git repository .
Adds a new file to Git 's index .
You will still have to commit this file to actually add its contents to a Git repository .
branch .
Enables you to list branches that you have checked out , identify the branch that you 're currently working on , create new branches , or destroy local copies of branches that you have created or checked out .
This command does not switch to other branches :
You do that using Git 's checkout command .
Enables you to list branches that you have checked out , identify the branch that you 're currently working on , create new branches , or destroy local copies of branches that you have created or checked out .
This command does not switch to other branches :
You do that using Git 's command .
checkout .
Checks out a specified branch or file / directory .
If you are checking out a branch , that branch becomes your working branch .
If you specify a certain file or directory , that file or directory will be updated to match the version currently checked in to the repository on the branch where you are working .
You can also use this command to create a new branch that is based on and optionally tracks changes to a specified existing branch .
Checks out a specified branch or file / directory .
If you are checking out a branch , that branch becomes your working branch .
If you specify a certain file or directory , that file or directory will be updated to match the version currently checked in to the repository on the branch where you are working .
You can also use this command to create a new branch that is based on and optionally tracks changes to a specified existing branch .
commit .
Records changes to files and directories in Git 's index .
You can either specify the files and directories whose changes you want to commit , use the - a option to add all pending changes to files
Git is tracking , or use the -- interactive option to select the file or directory changes that you want to commit together .
( The latter is especially useful if you are working on several different tasks involving large numbers of files but want to commit certain changes together .
Commits are made to the local repository ; if you are using a remote , central repository , you must still use Git 's push command to push your local changes to the remote repository . )
Records changes to files and directories in Git 's index .
You can either specify the files and directories whose changes you want to commit , use the option to add all pending changes to files
Git is tracking , or use the option to select the file or directory changes that you want to commit together .
( The latter is especially useful if you are working on several different tasks involving large numbers of files but want to commit certain changes together .
Commits are made to the local repository ; if you are using a remote , central repository , you must still use Git 's command to push your local changes to the remote repository . ) diff .
Displays differences between local files and other commits or between files in two different commits .
This command is most commonly used by simply specifying a file name , which displays the differences between the specified file and the version of that file committed to your repository on the current branch .
Displays differences between local files and other commits or between files in two different commits .
This command is most commonly used by simply specifying a file name , which displays the differences between the specified file and the version of that file committed to your repository on the current branch .
fetch .
Retrieves index updates from another repository , identifying new tags that have been created and providing information about file or directory changes that have been committed to that repository but are not yet present locally .
You can then inspect available changes using the git log command .
To actually retrieve associated file changes after a fetch , you would use either the git pull or git rebase command .
Retrieves index updates from another repository , identifying new tags that have been created and providing information about file or directory changes that have been committed to that repository but are not yet present locally .
You can then inspect available changes using the command .
To actually retrieve associated file changes after a fetch , you would use either the or command .
grep .
Looks for and displays matches for a pattern in files in your current branch .
This command supports most of your favorite GNU grep options .
Looks for and displays matches for a pattern in files in your current branch .
This command supports most of your favorite GNU options .
log .
Shows commit log information for the current branch or for specified files in the current branch .
Shows commit log information for the current branch or for specified files in the current branch .
merge .
Merges changes from one branch to another .
This command provides options to determine whether merged changes are automatically committed , enabling you to explore the impact of a merge before actually accepting those changes .
Merges changes from one branch to another .
This command provides options to determine whether merged changes are automatically committed , enabling you to explore the impact of a merge before actually accepting those changes .
mv .
Renames a file , directory , or symbolic link that Git is currently tracking .
Renames a file , directory , or symbolic link that Git is currently tracking .
pull .
Retrieves index updates from another repository and merges them into the files and directories in the current branch .
Retrieves index updates from another repository and merges them into the files and directories in the current branch .
push .
Updates a remote repository with local index and object change information .
Updates a remote repository with local index and object change information .
rebase .
Updates your current branch to match a remote branch and modifies any local commits that have not been pushed to the remote branch so that they can be applied to the current state of that remote branch .
This is a powerful but potentially dangerous command , because it literally rewrites commits as needed so that they can be merged .
Depending on the frequency and extent of changes to a remote repository , simply using the git pull command is often an attractive alternative .
Updates your current branch to match a remote branch and modifies any local commits that have not been pushed to the remote branch so that they can be applied to the current state of that remote branch .
This is a powerful but potentially dangerous command , because it literally rewrites commits as needed so that they can be merged .
Depending on the frequency and extent of changes to a remote repository , simply using the command is often an attractive alternative .
rm .
Removes a file , directory , or symbolic link that Git is currently tracking .
Removes a file , directory , or symbolic link that Git is currently tracking .
stash .
Temporarily pushes your current changes onto a stack and returns your current checkout to a virgin state .
git stash save saves your current changes on a local stack , while git stash apply retrieves and reapplies them .
This can be useful when you want to fetch remote changes or rebase without permanently committing in - progress changes .
Temporarily pushes your current changes onto a stack and returns your current checkout to a virgin state .
saves your current changes on a local stack , while retrieves and reapplies them .
This can be useful when you want to fetch remote changes or rebase without permanently committing in - progress changes .
status .
Shows the status of the current branch , identifying changes that have not been committed , files that are not being tracked , and so on .
All Git commands accept a -- help option , which is your best friend when trying to get more detailed information about any of these commands , the list of command - line options that each accepts , and so on .
You can also execute the command git help command to obtain help about any Git command .
For a complete list of Git commands , execute the man git command to see the online reference information for Git .
Setting up a new Git project
To begin using Git with an existing project that is not under any sort of revision control , perform the following steps :
Change to the directory containing the source code for your project : $ cd www.move2linux.com $ ls greenbar_wide .gif images index.html legacy.html services.html
Use the git init command to create an empty repository in the current directory : $ git init Initialized empty Git repository in .git /
Optionally , use the git status command to check the status of your new project .
This command lists all the files and directories in the current directory as untracked , meaning that Git knows that they are present but has not been instructed to track the files : $ git status #
On branch master # # Initial commit # #
Untracked files : # ( use " git add < file > ... " to include in what will be committed ) # # greenbar_wide.gif # images / # index.html # legacy .html # services .html nothing added to commit but untracked files present ...
Add the files and directories in your project to your new Git repository .
You can either list them explicitly or use a period ( . ) as the traditional short cut for " the contents of the current directory : " $ git add .
Re-execute the git status command to verify that all the files in the current directory and all its subdirectories have been added to your new project : $ git status #
On branch master # # Initial commit # # Changes to be committed : # ( use " git rm -- cached < file > ... " to unstage ) # # new file : greenbar_wide.gif # new file : images / digits/b/0.gif
# new file : images / digits/b/1.gif
# new file : images / digits/b/4.gif # new file : images / digits/b/5.gif
# new file : images / digits/b/6.gif # new file : images / digits/b/7.gif
# new file : images / digits/b/8.gif
# new file : images / digits/b/9.gif
# new file : index.html # new file : legacy .
html # new file : services .
html #
Execute the git commit command to check in your initial files .
Unless you use the -m " commit message " option to specify your commit message on the command line , this command starts the default editor , in which you must enter a comment that will be associated with the commit .
After saving your comment and exiting the editor , Git checks in the files associated with the change and displays information about the commit and the associated files .
$ git commit Created initial commit dfbd6cc : Initial checkin 12 files changed , 285 insertions (+ ) , 0 deletions ( -) ...
At this point , you 're ready to use the commands discussed above to begin working in Git with your project files .
Setting up a central repository Creating a repository as discussed in this section requires that you pull changes from other users who are also working with this repository or that you check out branches once other users push changes to your branch .
See the section , Distributed Web development with Git , for information about setting up a central repository that does not host a working copy of all your files and therefore does not have this issue .
Making changes to an existing Git project
If you want to begin making your own changes to a Git project that someone has already created , getting started is even easier .
You simply use the git clone command to create your own working copy of the Git project :
$ git clone / home / jake / src/maps
This example creates a copy of the Git maps project in your current working directory .
You can then change directory to your copy of the maps project and use the commands discussed earlier to begin working with the files in that project in Git .
Cloning a Git project
Cloning a Git project located on another machine is equally simple .
Git supports the Secure shell ( SSH ) and HTTP protocols by default and can also use its own hyper - efficient git protocol if a Git daemon is running on the remote system and exporting the project that you 're interested in .
Git uses SSH by default , so the syntax for cloning a repository via SSH is exactly what you 'd expect :
$ git clone remote - machine : / home / jake / src/maps $ git clone ssh://remote-machine/home/jake/src/maps
Note : Cloning a
Git project via SSH requires that you have authenticated access to the remote system , which is a good argument for using the git protocol , even though it requires that you run the Git daemon .
Distributed Web development with Git
Repositories such as the one you created above contain a working copy of all the files in a Git project as well as all the files required for Git 's use in tracking changes , branches , tags , and so on .
By default , pushing to Git repositories that contain working copies of the files in a project only updates the index for that project , not the actual files in the project .
This is because trying to update the files themselves could introduce merge conflicts if you were also working on the same files .
To create a Git project that you can push to , you need to create what is known as a bare repository — that is , one that does not contain a working copy of your file but contains the Git index , objects reflecting updates to that index , and other files that Git requires .
Because a bare repository does not contain a working copy of your files , no one can actually work there , and it simply serves as a collection point for all developers working on the project that it contains .
Perform the following steps to create a Git repository on a Web server that contains the content of your Web site and that you and other developers can push to .
This procedure also replaces your existing Web content directory with a directory that contains a checked - out version of your new Git repository and that is updated automatically whenever files are pushed to the shared Git repository .
There are many ways to do this :
This example was designed to be easy to follow and therefore only involves the HTML content on your Web site .
You can follow the same principles to work on any other portion of your Web site .
Use SSH on your Web server , and change to the directory containing your Web content .
If your Web content is not already being tracked by Git , use the process described in the previous section to set up a Git repository there .
For example : $ ssh somehost $ cd / var / www / html $ git init $ git add .
$ git commit -m " Initial commit " Change directory up one level , and create a bare Git repository by cloning the project that you just created for your Web content : $ cd .. $ git clone -- bare html html.git
It is good practice to create your bare repository with the .git extension so that you can view it with tools such as gitweb , which requires this extension .
Rename your existing Web directory , and create a new Git project by the same name by cloning your bare repository : $ mv html html .
OLD && git clone html.git html
The new project directory contains a checked - out version of all the files in the Git project that correspond to your Web server content .
Edit ( or create ) a post - update script in the hooks subdirectory of your bare repository that pushes changes to the new project directory that contains the checked - out files for your Web content .
This script will be executed once after any of the files being tracked by your bare repository are updated .
Make sure that this script is executable : $ pushd html.git/hooks $ emacs post- update $ chmod 755 post- update Your post - update script should look something like Listing 1 .
Listing 1 .
The post-update script #!/bin/bash # WEB_DIR=" /var/www/html " export GIT_DIR = " $ WEB_DIR /.git " pushd $ WEB_DIR > / dev/null git pull popd > / dev/null
Note that this script must use / bin / bash as its interpreter to be able to use that shell 's pushd and popd built - in commands .
If the post - update file already exists , you can simply append the rest of the script to it after verifying the interpreter .
You must also make sure that any existing commands in an existing post - update script are not preceded by an exec command , which would prevent subsequent lines in the file from being executed .
At this point , you or any other developer can clone the bare repository on your Web server and begin working on your Web site .
You and any other developer can then work together on the files that make up your Web site by performing any of the following tasks :
Work on files in your checkout of the Web site and push them directly to the shared central repository .
Work on files in your checkout of the Web site and have a coworker pull committed changes from your checkout into his or hers .
This enables you to collaboratively work on files before pushing them to the shared central repository and therefore to your Web site .
Although Git is much faster than most VCSs , it may be impractical to work directly in your Web site 's directory if you are working with a large and complex site that is heavily used .
Visitors may accidentally receive updates to some files while other files have not yet been updated .
This can be especially problematic if CSS updates are not received when updated pages that use them are loaded .
You can often prevent this problem using solutions like symbolic links in your Web server to actually point to your content directory and switching them when you want updated content to go live , or by modifying your Web server configuration file to point to a different directory and gracefully restarting the Web server when you want your new content to go live .
Conclusion
Git is a powerful , flexible VCS that provides many collaborative capabilities because of the distributed audience for which it was designed .
Git is enabling collaborative development in new and different ways , including shared development of Web sites , Web - based applications , and so on , and is well worth the time it takes to understand its internals and learn the subset of Git commands that you will commonly use .
Downloadable resources
Related topics
Obama , in Media Blitz , Snubs ' Whining ' Fox President to hit all Sunday news shows , except network that skipped his speech .
WASHINGTON , Sept. 19 , 2009  --
As President Barack Obama goes on an unprecedented presidential blitz of media appearances , the White House is in a war of words with the network that did not get an interview : Fox .
" We figured Fox would rather show ' So You Think You Can Dance ' than broadcast an honest discussion about health insurance reform , " White House spokesman Josh Earnest told ABC News .
That 's a reference to the program the Fox network aired at 8 p.m. on Sept. 9 , when other major broadcast networks were airing the president 's speech to the joint session of Congress .
The idea of punishing Fox for not airing the president 's speech did n't sit well with Chris Wallace , the anchor of Fox News Sunday .
" They are the biggest bunch of crybabies I have dealt with in my 30 years in Washington , " Wallace said on the Fox News program " The O'Reilly Factor . "
The president 's week - long media blitz has left no other network behind .
The president has appeared on CBS's " 60 Minutes , " Bloomberg and CNBC and will appear on five public affairs talk shows on Sunday : ABC's " This Week with George Stephanopoulos , " CBS 's " Face the Nation , " NBC 's " Meet the Press , " CNN's " State of the Union " and Univision 's " Al Punto , con Jorge Ramos . "
And he 's doing CBS ' " Late Night with David Letterman " on Monday .
The White House suggests Wallace is whining about not getting an interview .
" Fox is an ideological outlet where the president has been interviewed before and will likely be interviewed again , " Earnest said .
" Not that the whining particularly strengthens their case for participation any time soon . "
With or without an appearance on Fox , the president 's media blitz is without precedent .
Presidents rarely appear on Sunday talk shows ; none has ever appeared on so many in one week .
And no sitting president has ever been a guest on " Late Night with David Letterman . "
Dana Perino , who served as White House press secretary for President George W. Bush , says the president risks " diluting the bully pulpit " by doing so many interviews in such a short period of time .
Obama 's Media Blitz Skips Fox
" The next time they really want to pack a punch , they might have to ask [ former House majority leader ]
Tom DeLay if they can cut in on ' Dancing with the Stars , ' " Perino told ABC News .
It 's a concern echoed by Dee Dee Myers , former White House press secretary for President Bill Clinton .
" More is n't always more when it comes to a president 's words , " Myers told Politico .
" This is something they need to start to be concerned about . "
The White House dismisses talk of overexposure .
" The president is seeking opportunities to speak to a diverse audience about the importance of comprehensive health insurance reform , " Earnest said .
" The more that people learn about what he actually supports , the more people support the plan . "
Veteran Democratic communications strategist Chris Lehane agreed , arguing that for Barack Obama there is no such thing as overexposure .
" It 's the Angelina Jolie phenomenon , " said Lehane , a former spokesman for Vice President Al Gore .
" People do n't get tired of seeing Angelina Jolie . "
Is Lehane comparing President Obama to Angelina Jolie ?
" Yes .
He is a natural talent , " Lehane said .
" People do connect with him . "
» About » Archive » Submit » Authors » Search » Random » Specials » Statistics » Forum » Facebook » RSS Feed Updates Daily
No .
129 : Frank Miller 's Garfield
First | Previous | 2009 -08-06 | Next | Latest
First | Previous | 2009 -08-06 | Next | Latest
Permanent URL : https://mezzacotta.net/garfield/?comic=129
Strip by : Colin Foster
{ A scene in subdued black and white with red and yellow highlights . }
Garfield : A dimly lit street corner at midnight .
This puts me in the mood for some snappy patter .
Garfield : Hey , good - lookin ' , what 's happenin ' ?
Lady cat :
Who are you ?
Garfield : Names are n't important .
Some call me a soldier of fortune , some call me a Renaissance man .
You can call me " Major " .
Lady cat : I love men in uniform .
Garfield :
What say we go to Rick 's Café Americain for a soda pop ?
Lady cat : I 'm with you , big boy .
Garfield : Here 's lookin ' at you , sweetheart .
SFX : SMACK !
Garfield : Rats .
I think I chucked her chin a little hard .
The author writes :
Frank Miller is a comic book writer and artist , known for making comics " darker and edgier " with The Dark Knight Returns and his Sin City series .
Although he was initially acclaimed for both , his repeated use of the latter 's tropes ( over - the - top violence , loose women , and choppy sentences ) have turned him into something of a joke amongst comic book lovers .
If Frank Miller made a Garfield strip , it would look a lot like this .
Except with much clippier writing .
Original strip : 1984-11-04 .
Scientists have found that some individuals in the vegetative and minimally conscious states , despite lacking the means of reporting awareness themselves , can learn and thereby demonstrate at least a partial consciousness .
Their findings are reported in today ’s ( 20 September ) online edition of Nature Neuroscience .
It is the first time that scientists have tested whether patients in vegetative and minimally conscious states can learn .
By establishing that they can , it is believed that this simple test will enable practitioners to assess the patient ’s consciousness without the need of imaging .
This study was done as a collaborative effort between the University of Buenos Aires ( Argentina ) , the University of Cambridge ( UK ) and the Institute of Cognitive Neurology ( Argentina ) .
By using classical Pavlonian conditioning , the researchers played a tone immediately prior to blowing air into a patient ’s eye .
After some time training , the patients would start to blink when the tone played but before the air puff to the eye .
This learning requires conscious awareness of the relation between stimuli – the tone precedes and predicts the puff of air to the eye .
This type of learning was not seen in the control subjects , volunteers who had been under anaesthesia .
The researchers believe that the fact that these patients can learn associations shows that they can form memories and that they may benefit from rehabilitation .
Lead author Dr Tristan Bekinschtein , from the University of Cambridge ’s Wolfson Brain Imaging Unit , said : “ This test will hopefully become a useful , simple tool to test for consciousness without the need for imaging or instructions .
Additionally , this research suggests that if the patient shows learning , then they are likely to recover to some degree . ”
In 2006 , the Cambridge Impaired Consciousness Group at the Wolfson Brain Imaging Unit showed , using functional imaging , showed that patients in vegetative states ( as defined by behavioural assessment in the clinic ) can in fact be conscious despite being unable to show consistent voluntary movements .
Notes to editors :
1 . The paper ‘ Classical conditioning in the vegetative and minimally conscious state ’ will be published in the Advanced Online Publication of Nature Neuroscience on 20 September 2009 .
2 . This study was funded by an Antorchas Foundation grant ( T.A.B. ) , a Marie Curie IIF grant ( T.A.B. ) , a StartUp grant ( F.F.M. ) , the Human Frontiers Science Program ( M.S. ) and a Medical Research Council Acute Brain Injury Collaborative grant .
Specter wants Wilson censured
Sen. Arlen Specter ( D - Penn . ) , who 's looked at POTUS from both sides now , was just on the Bill Press radio show suggesting the South Carolina firebrand Joe Wilson be censured for his heckle heard round the world .
Said the Republican - turned - Dem :
" He apologized immediately afterward but I do n't think that ’s adequate ...
If an apology is the consequence of an outburst I think we can expect more – that ’s not a sufficient penalty that ’s not a sufficient price to pay ..
I 'm not saying the guy should be kicked out of the House …
But there ought to be some rebuke , reprimand , censure -- something that will discourage that kind of conduct in the future .
If you do that to the President , it 's open season . "
Earlier on his show , Press spoke with House Majority Whip Jim Clyburn ( D - SC ) , who said Wilson should " man up " and apologize directly to Obama -- or that Minority Leader John Boehner ( R - Ohio ) should mea culpa the White House on his behalf .
Glenn
Thrush is senior staff writer at Politico Magazine .
The civil service still does not manage its staff effectively , MPs say Poorly performing senior civil servants are far less likely to be sacked than their equivalents elsewhere , say MPs .
Penalties for their failure are " weaker " than in other government areas and private firms , a public accounts committee report found .
Attempts to make government departments more responsive had made headway but there was a " long way to go " , it added .
Future reviews would focus on how officials promoted innovation and value for money , the Cabinet Office said .
Lack of confidence
The way the civil service manages its staff still needs to be significantly improved , the committee 's report concluded .
Progress had been made since 2006 , it found , when the Cabinet Office introduced its first " capability reviews " of departments , subjecting them to external assessment for the first time .
The reviews were of " great value , with real potential as a driver for improvement " , it said .
Without a culture that focuses consistently on the needs of the user , improvements to performance in delivering services will simply not happen
Edward Leigh MP
As a result , senior managers had become more visible and were providing more leadership .
However , subsequent reviews of certain departments found staff confidence in senior management was " still too poor " .
Senior officials in under - performing departments seemed insulated from the sack , the MPs suggested .
" We see no evidence that senior leaders in poorly performing departments are likely to lose their jobs in the way that has become established in local government , " the report said .
" Even at senior levels in the civil service , incentives to perform better and sanctions to tackle failure are far weaker than those in the private sector . "
The report cited the size of redundancy pay - offs as one " barrier " to removing senior staff .
Private comparisons
The committee also found not enough attention was being paid to the role of frontline staff in helping departments boost public services .
In assessing staff , the civil service had to rely less on subjective judgements and compare their performance against those of other public sector organisations and private firms .
" Where departments differ conspicuously from many private sector organizations is in having a much poorer understanding of what their customers want , " said Conservative MP Edward Leigh , chairman of the committee .
" Without a culture that focuses consistently on the needs of the user , improvements to performance in delivering services will simply not happen . "
The Cabinet Office said it was " very proud " of the reviews of departmental performance and intended to build on their work .
" I am pleased the committee agrees it represents a significant step forward in the improvement of the civil service , " said Cabinet Secretary Sir Gus O'Donnell .
" The next round of capability reviews will take this further with an added focus on factors such as innovation and value for money , helping us to do more with less and ensuring that Britain emerges from the recession stronger . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Strip 60 - Click on page above to goto the next page .
-- First Seen : 2008 -12-05
Escape From Terra is updated with new pages every Monday through Friday .
Get The EFT Collection !
Looking for an escape while you wait ?
You might want to consider an Escape From Terra .
All 3 volumes can now be yours for a mere $ 19.95 USD .
Get yours now while supplies last !
Quantum Vibe on MeWe !
Calling all Quantum Vibe fans !
Tired of not getting timely updates for Quantum Vibe on Facebook ?
Wish there was a social media site that allowed it 's users to communicate with everyone who 's interested ?
Well wait no longer .
Quantum Vibe now has a MeWe group on MeWe .
If you 're already a MeWe user , then just click on the MeWe picture on this article and it will take you straight to the Quantum Vibe MeWe group page .
Once you join the group you know you wo n't miss a thing going on in the Quantum Vibe universe .
Sign up today !
The Transcript For This Page Panel 1
Big ginormous farkin panel , taking up a 2/3 of the page .
Leave a space in the upper left corner for the EFT logo .
Dominating the frame is a 25 km - wide assemblage of several dozen huge and variously colored bolders , with something that looks like a giant silver spider tightly embracing it .
The spider is the mining settlement and its various extensions .
In addition to the spider ’s body housing the spacedock and central operations there are little nodes scattered on several of the boulders .
The captions explain a bit more of how the asteroid should look .
A personnel transport ship is crossing the field between us and the asteroid , arcing in for touchdown near the ' spider ’s ' main body .
This craft is an 8 - passenger runabout , considerably smaller than the Burner ship , meant for short trips .
Caption :
The asteroid 51384 ( 2008 TX ) is actually a large collection of smaller rocks of varying types which have clumped together under their mutual micro-gravity .
It has metallic sections , stony sections , carbonaceous sections , even ice sections in places that had never seen Sol .
Caption 2 : Early miners affectionately tagged this chaotic mass ‘ The Flying Spaghetti Monster , ’ although most now simply call the place ‘ Ghetty . ’
Caption 3 : This rare collection of all 3 major types of asteroid makes on - site ore processing practical , and so this operation is one of the most profitable of all the Belt mining enterprises .
Panel 2
Inside the passenger cabin of the transport ship .
About the size of an original Star Trek shuttle - craft interior , eight seats including te pilot ’s , arranged two by two .
On board in addition to the pilot are Bert Guzmán and Lorna Cantrel , who represents the mining company .
Lorna looks about 30 , moderately attractive , dark complexion .
She is dressed in colorful , South Asian - styled garb which shows some cleavage and a bare midriff but covers her legs entirely in flowing material .
She is also wearing a PDA on her wrist which is similar to but not identical to Guy’s .
Bert and Lorna are sitting in the second row back and Guy and Fiorella are sitting in the third row .
The fourth row is empty .
Pilot and co-pilot up front .
Fiorella is reading an information page projected above her PDA .
This is where the captions above came from , and now she completes the section reading aloud .
Fiorella :
In the last Standard Year MIDGIT MINING extracted 18 kilotons of processed iron ore , 25 kilotons of refined carbon , and 87 tons of gold , silver and platinum , as reported in the last shareholders ’ report .
Panel 3
Close shot of Guy , practically licking his chops .
We see Fiorella in the background , wearing her poker face again .
Guy :
Do you have any idea how much that much metal comes to in Continentals ?
Guy ( 2 ) :
And this is just one of 6 enterprises like it in the Belt !
Panel 4
View from just behind the pilots .
Berg and Lorna exchange troubled glances as Guy babbles on behind them .
Guy :
There is fabulous wealth out here , Ms. Stellina .
Think of all the wonderful things UW can do with this once we get our fair share !
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has won a crushing victory in Iran 's landmark presidential election , according to the country 's authorities , but his moderate challenger Mir Hossein Mousavi has warned of " tyranny " and protested that the result was rigged after a record turnout of 84 % .
As the official results were announced , baton - wielding riot police clashed with angry Mousavi supporters in some of the most serious unrest Tehran has seen in years .
Riot police on motorbikes used batons to disperse Mousavi supporters who staged a sit -in near the interior ministry , where the results were announced .
Up to 2,000 Mousavi supporters erected barricades of burning tyres and chanted " Mousavi take back our vote !
What happened to our vote ? "
Reporters saw police attacking the demonstrators , and several protesters were carried away .
The BBC showed footage of police attacking protesters , some of whom threw stones at the officers .
In another main street of Tehran , about 300 young people blocked the avenue by forming a human chain and chanted " Ahmadi , shame on you .
Leave the government alone . "
Mobile phone text messages were jammed , and news and social networking websites – including the Guardian , the BBC and Facebook – as well as pro-Mousavi websites were blocked or difficult to access .
" The election was a game and full of lies , " shouted one protester .
" We can not do anything here , " said another .
" We can not believe the results and they are unacceptable . "
Mousavi appealed directly to Ayatollah Ali Khamenei but the country 's supreme leader today threw his weight behind Ahmadinejad , urging the other candidates to support the president .
Mousavi said this morning : " I personally strongly protest the many obvious violations and I 'm warning I will not surrender to this dangerous charade .
The result of such performance by some officials will jeopardise the pillars of the Islamic Republic and will establish tyranny . "
But Khamenei , who has final say on all state matters , called the result a " divine assessment " and called on all Iranians to support Ahmadinejad .
Speaking on state television this afternoon , he said : " I assume that enemies intend to eliminate the sweetness of the election with their hostile provocation . "
Mousavi , a former prime minister , had been widely expected to trounce the controversial incumbent , or at least do well enough to trigger a run-off .
He claimed victory in an apparent attempt to pre-empt his rival .
But as the votes were still being counted late on Friday , aides to Ahmadinejad announced that he had won by an " unassailable " margin .
Polling stations had stayed open four extra hours to meet the huge demand .
The interior minister , Sadeq Mahsouli , said this afternoon that Ahmadinejad had won an overwhelming victory of 62.63 % to Mousavi 's 33.75 % .
Even in Mousavi 's hometown province of Tabriz in north - west Iran , the ministry claimed Ahmadinejad received more than 60 % of the vote .
Early editions of Mousavi 's paper Kalemeh Sabz , or the Green Word , and other reformist dailies declared Mousavi the victor but were ordered to change their headlines , local journalists said .
The papers had blank spots where articles were removed .
The outcome seems a grave setback to hopes for a solution to the looming international crisis over Iran 's nuclear ambitions and for détente with the US in response to Barack Obama 's overtures .
Israel quickly demanded efforts to stop Iran acquiring nuclear weapons .
" It does n't augur well for an early and peaceful settlement of the nuclear dispute , " said Mark Fitzpatrick at London 's International Institute for Strategic Studies .
Israel 's deputy foreign minister , Danny Ayalon , said : " If there was a shadow of hope for a change in Iran , the renewed choice of Ahmadinejad expresses more than anything the growing Iranian threat . "
If the result stands it will spell an end to hopes for the greater freedoms and economic competence Mousavi had promised Iran 's 72 million people .
At times the election campaign seemed like a referendum on Ahmadinejad 's four - year term .
The high turnout underscored the stakes domestically .
Mousavi's slick ­campaign galvanised an apathetic electorate and raised hopes of a more stable economy and increased liberty at home as well as better relations abroad .
Supporters had hoped Mousavi could have a similarly positive effect to Mohammad Khatami , who ushered in a period of change that ended when Ahmadinejad came from nowhere to capture the presidency four years ago .
Trita Parsi , the president of the Washington - based National Iranian American Council , expressed disbelief at the wide margin in Ahmadinejad 's favour .
" It is difficult to feel comfortable that this occurred without any cheating , " Parsi told Reuters .
Ali Ansari , who heads the Institute for Iranian Studies at St Andrews University in Scotland , warned : " The potential for unrest is high . "
As three weeks of often passionate campaigning drew to a close on Wednesday , the powerful Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps ( IRGC ) issued an ominous warning that any attempt at a popular " revolution " would be crushed .
Handy TextMate tips for working with HTML & CSS
I use TextMate a lot when doing web development , and I absolutely love it .
Some of my friends and colleagues also use TextMate , and I get questions like “ what was that thing you did with the thing with the text ” sometimes .
Here , I thought I would document some of the ones I use most frequently .
Creating tag pairs
To create a tag without having to type those pesky angle - brackets and other thingamabobs , there are a few ways to go about it .
First , if you find that you already opened the tag “ manually ” , you can always close a tag by pressing ⌘ ( cmd ) , ⌥ ( alt ) and “ . ” .
Secondly , you can open a pair of opening and closing tags by using ctrl and “ < ” .
That gives you a default tag of “ < p > </p > ” , which you can then either just change into whatever you want by typing the tag name , and the closing tag automatically changes , or you can tab into the middle if you ’re happy with creating a p-tag ( same goes for when you have changed it , press tab to jump into the tag ) .
This way of creating a tag pair allows you to type in attributes before tabbing into creating the content of the element .
There is a second way to use this command , and that is to type the name of the tag first ( like for instance “ li ” ) and then hit ctrl and “ < ” , that will give you opening and closing tags and the cursor placed inside straight away .
If you already have a piece of content ( a line of text or other HTML elements ) that you need to wrap in a pair of tags , you can use ctrl , ⇧ ( shift ) and “ w ” .
Too bad it does n’t reindent your code for you , but you ca n’t win all the time …
Working with selections
Speaking of wrapping stuff , one really useful command when wrapping text with “ < a > ” - tags is to use ctrl , ⇧( shift ) and “ L ” .
That means the text you selected becomes a link , and as an added bonus , the contents of your clipboard gets inserted as the value of the href - attribute .
Pretty handy , eh ?
When I create dummy links on a page , I just copy a hash - character ( # ) and then just zoom through the text , adding links where necessary .
You can also use the same command without selecting text , which gives you an empty “ < a > ” - tag , then just tab into entering the link text when you ’re done with the attributes .
TextMate also has the lovely quality of being able to select text over specific columns as well as multiple lines .
This means you can make a selection of a specific part of multiple lines and enter text into this spot on all lines , simultaneously .
The easiest way of doing this is to hold the ⌥ ( alt ) key while selecting an area with the mouse .
Try creating a few lines of empty space , select a column across all lines and type “ < li > < a href= ” # “ >
List item</a></li> ” -
Hey presto , a list with multiple dummy items in one fell swoop !
If you ’re not a mouse user , you can enter this multiple - row - editing mode by creating a few empty lines , selecting them ( by holding ⇧ ( shift ) and using the arrow keys ) and then pressing ⌘ ( cmd ) + ⌥ ( alt ) + “ a ” .
Element specific stuff
There ’s also an abunance of element - specific commands to use .
When creating a new HTML document , you can either use one of the templates that ship with TextMate , but if you prefer to do everything “ by hand ” , try typing for example “ doctype ” followed by pressing tab ( and then hit the number key for the option you want ) , or why not “ head ” + tab ?
There are too many of these to go through , but apart from the above mentioned “ doctype ” and “ head ” shortcuts , try tabbing after typing “ form ” or “ table ” .
That gives you some default scaffolding instead of the tedious work of typing out everything in these elements by hand .
You do n’t do the math
When editing CSS , I do n’t use as many shortcuts , I find that they mostly slow me down .
A couple of things worth noting is that most properties can be tab - completed , if you ’re unsure of spelling or syntax .
Try typing “ background ” followed by a tab , for example : that will give you a couple of choices for background properties .
One thing that is quite handy , though , is the built in math bundle : you can do calculations of measurements inline !
Say that you ’re trying to calculate the em-size of a particular piece of text , and you want it to harmonize with the vertical rythm of the page .
You need a line height of 18 px for text set in 14px , in ems .
Just type “ line - height : 18/14em ; ” , select the “ 18/14 ” part and press ctrl + ⇧ + “ C ” , which gives you a couple of options for calculating a value .
Choose “ evaluate and replace expression ” ( no. 2 ) and you ’re good to go !
Finally , it ’s also worth mentioning in this context that all of the defaults for what happens for a specific command is easily customized via Bundle Editor , accessed via Bundles - Bundle Editor - Show Bundle Editor ( there ’s even a keyboard shortcut for that : ⌘ + ⌥ + ctrl + “ B ” ) .
Happy coding !
Poll : Obama 's Popularity Lifts U.S. Global Image Critics wonder if his popularity will translate to tangible U.S. successes .
July 23 , 2009  --
The verdict is in : President Barack Obama is popular around the world and improving the U.S. 's global image .
A Pew Research Poll released today shows that the image of the United States has " improved markedly in most parts of the world , " largely because of the high levels of global confidence and trust in Obama .
Improvements were especially high in Western Europe , but attitudes toward America also warmed in Canada , Mexico , Argentina and urban populations in Brazil , India and China .
Nearly 27,000 interviews were conducted in 24 nations , as well as the Palestinian territories .
" His personal popularity and new respect for the U.S. having elected him translates positively for the U.S. image , " former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright said today , speaking on a Washington , D.C. , panel with Pew Research Center president Andrew Kohut and former U.N. Ambassador John Danforth , who 's also a former GOP senator from Missouri .
The survey notes that confidence in Obama 's " foreign policy judgments stands behind a resurgent U.S. image in many countries " and those surveyed indicated a belief that Obama will " do the right thing " in regard to world affairs .
The survey , conducted by the non-partisan Pew Research Center 's Global Attitudes Project , showed that favorable ratings for both the nation and Americans have soared in Western Europe .
In Germany , favorable opinion of the United States more than doubled , from 31 percent in 2008 to 64 percent in 2009 .
There were " signs of improvement " in predominantly Muslim countries that held overwhelming negative views of the United States during the George W. Bush administration .
Among predominantly Muslim countries , the United States was most popular in Indonesia , where Obama spent part of his childhood .
For the first time in the course of Pew 's surveys among Muslim publics , confidence in Obama topped confidence in Osama bin Laden .
There was only a modest increase in favorable views of the United States among Muslims in the Middle East , with the largest being in Jordan , with a 6 percent increase .
While the survey showed that overall opinion of the United States remained " largely unfavorable " among Muslims in the Middle East , there was a three - fold increase in confidence in Obama from the Bush administration in 2008 in Egypt and Jordan .
U.S. Popularity Drops in Israel
The only notable exception among countries surveyed in the Middle East was Israel , where approval for the United States dropped to 71 percent from 78 percent in 2007 .
Albright credited Obama 's overall global popularity to his approach with other nations and their publics -- listening to foreign leaders , hosting town hall meetings where he could interact with foreign publics , encouraging multilateralism , acknowledging areas where the United States could improve , and , then , suggesting areas where other nations ' leaders could improve .
She suggested that the president 's approach was useful in terms of achieving U.S. foreign policy goals .
" Having a president viewed as someone who wants to use multilateral tools is important for our national security interests , " Albright said .
Danforth disagreed with that assessment .
" It 's great to be popular , wonderful .
But I do n't see where it gets us , " he said .
" I do n't see growth of popularity translating into anything that 's real . "
Danforth noted that while Obama enjoyed popularity in France , compared to the previous administration , the French government agreed to take only one Guantanamo Bay prison detainee .
" The president is being heard and telling people what they want to hear , he 's apologizing but when he asks , he does n't get anything , " he said .
Albright agreed that the president 's popularity has yet to be translated to real world battles , such as maintaining support for the U.S. - led war in Afghanistan , which remains unpopular with foreign publics , but she said the United States was on a better " glide path " to restoring U.S. reputation and leadership in the world .
" Americans no longer have to say they 're from Canada when they travel around , " she joked .
Advertisements
Tonight on FNC ’s Hannity , host Sean Hannity was discussing how the Democrats have pulled back on health care reform and the death panels , when FNC contributor Dick Morris corrected him and said that there never was any death panel .
Dick Morris better watch it .
The truth is a dangerous thing to utter on Fox News .
Here is the video courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
Hannity said , “ For example ratting out their neighbors , the death panels they ’ve gotten rid of . ”
Morris interrupted him and said , “ But the death panels are not gotten rid of .
There never was a panel that was going to say die . ”
Hannity said , “ The provision on page 425 of the House bill . ”
Morris replied , “ All that provides is for counseling , which is n’t a bad idea . ”
Dick Morris just said something truthful about health care reform on Fox News .
Morris better watch it because FNC viewers are n’t used to hearing the truth .
If the Shep Smith example is any indication , too much truth can result in the viewers calling for your head .
The death panel claim has been so widely disproven that only idiots like Sean Hannity continue to repeat it .
Here is what I think is going to happen with health care .
People like Limbaugh , Beck , and Hannity are going to declare victory even after health care reform passes because they kept their own imaginary threats out of the final legislation .
Ca n’t you hear these people patting themselves on the back because they got the death panels removed even though there were never any death panels to begin with ?
This is how far detached from reality that the right wing media has become .
I think it almost a certainty that a health care bill will be passed .
The far left and the far right will likely be very unhappy with the final product , but whatever final legislation is passed should be looked at as a start on the path towards real reform .
Back in June , the Porsche tuning wars had really heated up with seemingly all of the top shops taking a crack at the all - star 911 GT2 .
With that competition still raging , Switzer Performance , one of the standouts who offers an 800 hp Porsche 997 GT2 , now has a new secret weapon .
The Oberlin , Ohio based company has just released an 800 hp Switzer LP package for the Porsche 997 Twin Turbo .
This is a car that can sprint from 0 - 60 mph in under 3 seconds and has quarter - mile times below 10.5 seconds .
The Switzer Performance P800 Twin- Turbo incorporates custom GT30 turbochargers , their own MONSTER intercoolers , new DME calibrations , competition - style exhaust and headers , an upgraded clutch packaged along with electronic boost control .
Switzer ’s upgraded Porsche 911 Twin- Turbo uses the stock intake manifold and throttle - body which makes for a less expensive and easier installation .
We do n’t have any info on the cost of Switzer ’s P800 997TT package but will provide an update soon .
Source : Switzer Performance
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key said he '' took the message seriously ' ' and would put a series of proposals to cabinet next week , but added there was no intention to change the law .
In most Australian states , a parent can lawfully smack a child when it is " reasonable chastisement " .
Politicians are loath to touch the emotive issue , which polarises debate between those claiming such laws sanction child abuse and those defending parents from " nanny state " interference .
But pressure is building on governments to ban corporal punishment in the home .
Separate bills in 2007 in South Australia and Queensland have sought to restrict parents ' right to strike their children .
In 2002 , NSW went some way by outlawing force to the head or neck , or where it could harm a child " for more than a short period " .
Australian courts have gone further , banning parents from physically disciplining their children altogether .
The Family Court last year restrained a mother from using physical punishment against her children aged 9 , 10 and 12 .
In a 2007 case , where a father smacked his three - year - old son for refusing to pick up his toys , Justice Mark Le Poer Trench said : " There can be no defence of corporal punishment for young children in an advanced Western civilised society . "
Similarly , in June , a 42 - year - old Darwin father was reportedly fined $ 1000 for smacking his five - year - old daughter with a belt four times on the bottom .
" In the modern age , physical punishment of children is seen to be barbaric , " the magistrate said .
The United Nations has twice criticised Australia for failing to prohibit corporal punishment in the home , in accordance with its obligations under the Convention on the Rights of the Child .
More strident criticism is likely when the UN revisits the issue soon says James McDougall , director of the National Children 's and Youth Law Centre .
" A number of Latin - American and European countries have banned corporal punishment .
There are signs Australia is moving in the same direction .
Internationally , the expectation is that we will have a fresh look at it , " he said .
Such legislation has been enacted in 24 countries , a third of them in the past two years , according to advocacy group End All Corporal Punishment of Children .
Bernadette Saunders , a senior research fellow at Child Abuse Prevention Research Australia , within Monash University , says children here are the only people against whom violence is sanctioned and justified as discipline .
Corporal punishment can have a detrimental impact on their behaviour , she says .
Various studies have linked such force with increased child aggression and delinquency , and increased adult criminal and antisocial behaviour .
" It 's not appropriate to hit adults , so why is it for children ?
Children are vulnerable and parents have a huge responsibility to teach them positive ways of behaving , " she said .
School - aged children in Australia are twice as likely to be killed as their British peers , usually as a result of child abuse by their mother or her de facto partner , according to a study in the Medical Journal of Australia in January .
The study 's authors , from St Vincent 's Hospital in Sydney , argued measures to reduce the rate of physical abuse of children , including banning corporal punishment , would have the greatest potential to reduce the number of children being killed .
Fatal child abuse declined to " very low levels " after corporal punishment was banned in Sweden in 1979 , they found .
But Victoria 's Child Safety Commissioner Bernie Geary says current laws already draw the line against child abuse .
" I think anything that a parent does out of frustration or temper is absolutely wrong , but we should be able to decipher between what is child abuse and what is not , " he said .
" People who tap their children on the bum should n't be made to feel like criminals . "
Parenting methods are changing in any event , he said .
" I was punished in a corporal way when I was a child and when I was a parent I whacked my kids , sometimes out of frustration .
I never see parents now smacking their children …
They 're much more thoughtful about it , " he said .
A survey by the Australian Childhood Foundation found 69 per cent of adults in 2006 thought it sometimes necessary to " smack " a naughty child - down from 75 per cent in 2002 .
But such minimal force is unlikely to be caught under an anti-smacking law such as New Zealand 's , where parental force for the purpose of correcting a child is banned .
The 2007 law won bipartisan support because of provisions permitting parents using reasonable force to prevent or minimise harm to the child , or to stop them engaging in offensive or disruptive behaviour .
Police , the law states , have the discretion to dismiss complaints where the offence is " inconsequential " .
No prosecutions have been brought for smacking children under the new law , which has had " minimal impact " on police activity , New Zealand police say .
Judy Cashmore , president of Defence for Children International , says parents should be educated on appropriate forms of discipline .
" What people think is a smack can vary broadly .
For some people it might be a slight tap on the hand ; for others a belting would be seen as quite appropriate , " she said .
" The reason for having some change in the law is not to prosecute parents but to give them guidance as to what is appropriate . ''
A spokeswoman for Community Services Minister Linda Burney said smacking was legal in NSW but the law contained provisions to safeguard children from '' serious physical harm ' ' .
'' For many parents , the commonsense approach works best , '' she said .
'' In NSW the law says parents cannot use excessive physical punishment on any part of their child 's head or neck , or any other other part of their body if the harm it causes lasts more than a short time .
If parents feel they are not coping , they can contact Parentline on 1300 130 052 . ''
A spokesman for NSW Opposition Leader Barry O'Farrell said the Coalition supported current policy .
... will take you page by page through a specific subject , such as American History or Warfare .
... will zoom out to show what 's happening in the world at this time in a specific field of human activity .
The icons symbolize Cities , Government , War , International Relations , Living Conditions and Economics , respectively .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Rubens Barrichello is closing in on a deal with Williams for 2010 , AUTOSPORT has learned , in a move that could see him swap places with Nico Rosberg .
On the back of a season where he has resurrected his Formula 1 career , having turned a lifeline from Brawn GP into a full - scale assault on the world championship , Barrichello is poised to extend his stay in F1 for at least one more year .
Although his performances for Brawn were not enough to guarantee his future at the team , with Rosberg 's move to the Brackley - based team an open secret in F1 , Williams is believed to be keen to tap into Barrichello 's vast experience and speed as it continues its push back to the front of the grid .
With Williams expected to sign rookie Nico Hulkenberg , the team has set its sights on an experienced team leader to help guide car development and help bring on a rookie team - mate .
Sources have claimed that Barrichello recently visited the Williams factory at Grove to discuss the plans for next year , and it is understood that an outline deal either has already been agreed or is close to being concluded .
Speaking in Singapore last weekend , Williams technical director Sam Michael made no secret of the fact that the team 's preference was for a driver line - up that featured both experience and youth .
" If you have someone who is very experienced that is great because they have experience on set - up and car direction , " he explained .
" And if you have someone who is young , then they bring enthusiasm .
" We 've had many different drivers in Williams over the years in both camps - experienced guys and rookies , and they have all had their plus and minuses .
But the most important thing is that they are fast , this is first and foremost for us . "
Barrichello has won two races this year and currently lies 15 points behind team - mate Jenson Button in the world championship standings , with three races to go .
Although Barrichello is close to a deal with Williams , it is not impossible that he could be kept by Brawn GP if the team fails to reach agreement with Button about the financial terms of a new contract for 2010 .
Discussions between the world championship leader and the team over money for next year have not yet reached a conclusion .
It is understood the two parties are still some way apart in their discussions about just how much Button should be paid on the back of his strong campaign , having agreed to a cut - price deal this year to ensure Brawn GP 's future in F1 .
However , Barrichello may feel it is better to take a guaranteed seat at Williams in the next few weeks rather than wait until after the season for the chance of something that may not happen .
Williams also held talks with Robert Kubica earlier this year , but the Polish driver is now expected to take up an offer he has from the Renault team .
General McChrystal 's request for more troops is in .
The Washington Post reports :
McChrystal said he thinks the way to meet the president 's relatively narrow objective of denying al - Qaeda 's return to Afghanistan involves a wide - ranging U.S. and NATO effort to protect civilians from insurgents by improving the Afghan government 's effectiveness .
That means not only more troops , but also a far more aggressive program to train Afghan security forces , promote good local governance , root out corruption , reform the justice sector , pursue narcotics traffickers , increase reconstruction activities and change the way U.S. troops interact with the Afghan population .
The numbers floated in the press range from 10,000 to 45,000 additional soldiers .
None of this is surprising .
Nation building is a manpower intensive exercise .
But how much of our combat power do we really want tied down in Afghanistan ?
And let 's assume for a minute that the General is correct in his assumptions - that in order to achieve narrow objectives we must expend enormous amounts of resources .
What does that say for America 's counter - terrorism strategy in the long run ?
Is this kind of effort to be duplicated wherever al Qaeda can potentially take root ?
Leaving aside these questions , it seems politically President Obama is now in a very tight spot .
While we generally acknowledge that it's the civilian arm of the government that sets U.S. strategy , publicly rejecting the advice of military commanders is n't something that a Democrat will do lightly .
It 's an issue tailor made for demagoguery .
( AP Photos )
Today , my ex gave me a heartwarming speech about how much he wanted me back .
After talking for hours and me finally wanting to get back together too , he started mentioning a date he has with a cute colleague .
Conclusion : he wants to get back together , but still be able to fuck the entire world .
FML
Last week , scientists announced the interim results of one of modern physiology ’s most closely watched experiments : the effects of caloricrestriction on the lifespan of non-human primates .
The report was maddeningly mixed .
Caloric restriction seemed to reduce the incidence of several diseases , but when it came to mortality — a somewhat important factor when it comesto longevity — the data werestatistically not significant .
We still do not know if caloric restriction works in primates , which , of course , we are .
Is the culprit bad science ?
Cryptic binging at McBanana ’s by the monkeys ?
Doubtful .
Instead , the answer may be summed up in one Disneyesque word : m - o - u - s-e .
In modern biological science today , no one mammal reigns quite as mightily as the mouse .
By various counts we use anywhere from 30 to 100 million of them every year to research everything from cancer to diabetes to depression to bone disease and arthritis .
Hundreds of millions in public money are used every year to breed , house , and feed and genetically manipulate mus musculus , often to useful and relevant scientific ends .
Yet so powerful is today ’s mouse lobby — the “ mouse mafia ” — that is has blinded much of the scientific establishment , and in particular the science and “ health ” media , to this 24 - gram creature ’s limits .
Nowhere is this more evident than in the realm of research about aging .
For more than 80 years , biologists have been trying to tease out the mechanism behind one of nature ’s greatest puzzles : why caloric restriction ( CR ) — adequate nutrition minus 40 percent of usual caloric intake — produces a 30 - 50 percent increase in lifespan in the mouse and rat , the only mammals , so far , in which caloric restriction works .
It is a tantalizing fact , mainly for its suggestion that cousin homo sapiens might someday reap its benefit .
Thus has the caloric restriction effect prompted no end of academic theories , lifestyle advice ( one that frighteningly bans pizza , burritos and BBQ ) , and nutritional compounds .
The most salaciously tracked recent breakthrough comes in the form of the much - vaunted “ CR mimetics ” such as resveratrol , the Harvard University - sponsored anti-aging compound recently sold to Glaxo Smith Kline for $ 750 million .
A pill that can elongate life and health span -- and with pizza .
The principal dogma behind caloric restriction and CR mimetics concerns the molecule known as IGF - 1 , short for insulin - like growth factor .
IGF - 1 is critical in humans — we would die without it — because it helps protect us from infection , inflammation , and heart disease , and because it keeps bones and muscles strong .
But a counterintuitive mirror of this emerges in mice undergoing caloric restriction : they live longer , and their IGF1 is reduced .
Mice with low IGF1 are also healthy , with reductions in several age - related diseases .
But when it comes to aging in humans , low IGF - 1 is quietly turning out to be a bust .
CR people , the few pizza - free masochists who can endure the regimen , show normal IGF - 1 levels , along with a slower rate of artery - aging , but is still too soon to judge its effects on lifespan .
( Although a growing body of evidence suggests the gain may be as small as six pizza - free years . )
A much touted recent study of Ashkenazy centenarians showed another troubling fact — only a miniscule percentage of these remarkable people turned out to have impaired IGF1 .
More : the much - vaunted resveratrol compounds seem to only work in fat - eating obese mice ; normal mice given the red wine derivative experience no increased lifespan .
This week ’s announcement about monkeys on caloric restriction for 20 years showed an important decrease in age - related muscle loss , which suggests that their IGF - 1 may be a little closer to normal .
Humans on caloric restriction diets have such boney derrieres that one of their chief complaints is discomfort in sitting , along with coldness , crankiness , and a lack of interest in Penelope Cruz .
So why the continuing scientific dogma ?
Cash is one factor .
Enormous investments of public and private dollars require belief and constant justification .
Another reason is what might be called “ gerontological correctness ” — GC .
In establishment gerontology , reduced IGF - 1 is seen as the perfect scientific foil to the fact - light anti-aging crowd ’s advocacy of human growth hormone , the hormone that stimulates increased IGF - 1 .
( So rabid is gero - hatred for HGH that two key testimonies in baseball ’s HGH hearings came from … gerontologists , who used mouse data to justify their opposition to its use . )
Although there is good reason to be wary of HGH use — mainly for its affect on one ’s wallet — moderately ratcheted - up IGF - 1 is likely not one of them .
GC big mouths ca n’t stand the fact that the actress Susanne Somers might have something they do n’t , besides nice legs .
There is one other reason , one that implicates us all :
The understandable — and sometimes hypocritical — uneasiness we have about using monkeys for research .
We want to live healthier , for longer , but we do n’t want to feel bad about how we get there .
Mice are easily abstracted .
Monkeys … not so .
I understand that ; someday we may decide that confining and experimenting on animals is indeed unnecessary and even a violation of mammalian dignity .
But we are not there yet .
Is there a midway point ?
Perhaps .
A non-endangered , short - lived primate might hold the critical key between longevity , IGF - 1 , and humans .
There are several possibilities .
One is the marmoset , a — okay , cute — Brazilian tree critter that only lives 7 - 9 years , about the length of one NIH grant ( maybe its most important selling point ) .
The marmoset ’s key muscle groups age like ours ; like average humans , it does not have compromised IGF - 1 levels .
The cotton top tamarin is another candidate .
As sentient , rationale , information - retaining beings , we naturally desire more — especially more life .
If we really want it , science has to take off the blinders , and we ’ve got to get a lot more tough - minded .
As Bette Davis once remarked , “ Growing old ai n’t for sissies . ”
Dynamite is releasing a new comic book mini-series this September based around the failed spin - off Galactica 1980 .
Seriously ?
Somebody , somewhere thought this was a good idea ?
Galactica 1980 was the universally - despised sequel to the original Battlestar Galactica TV series .
The show lasted a whopping 10 episodes , while the original Battlestar Galactica lasted 21 episodes .
Writer Marc Guggenheim is reimagining the Galactica 1980 story , so hopefully he can ignore things like Cylons being disabled simply due to their proximity to a microwave oven .
While he ’s reimagining the story , it seems he ’s still sticking with the same characters and likenesses ; he ’s not going to incorporate the modern - day Battlestar Galactica items into the story .
In fact , the cover to issue # 1 is total photo reference rip - off of the Galactica 1980 DVD ( see below ) .
……
All kidding aside , I ’m a bit of a sucker for Galactica 1980 .
I ca n’t explain it , but I really enjoyed this series as a child .
Perhaps it was the ridiculous flying motorcycles or the invisible vipers , who knows .
Regardless of how silly the overall series was , the final episode “ The Return of Starbuck ” was quite good .
It was a decent send off to a cool character .
Newsarama has an in - depth interview with Marc Guggenheim about the Galactica 1980 comic mini-series .
It ’s a good article and worth checking out .
If you ’ve never seen the original Galactica 1980 series , check out the fun montage video below .
And regardless of what the video says , it lasted 10 episodes .
If you ca n’t view the embedded video , click here .
The first problem :
What determines to what extent a system has conscious experience ?
We all know that our own consciousness waxes when we awaken and wanes when we fall asleep .
We may also know first - hand that we can " lose consciousness " after receiving a blow on the head , or after taking certain drugs , such as general anesthetics .
Thus , everyday experience indicates that consciousness has a physical substrate , and that that physical substrate must be working in the proper way for us to be fully conscious .
It also prompts us to ask , more generally , what may be the conditions that determine to what extent consciousness is present .
For example , are newborn babies conscious , and to what extent ?
Are animals conscious ?
If so , are some animals more conscious than others ?
And can they feel pain ?
Can a conscious artifact be constructed with non-neural ingredients ?
Is a person with akinetic mutism – awake with eyes open , but mute , immobile , and nearly unresponsive – conscious or not ?
And how much consciousness is there during sleepwalking or psychomotor seizures ?
It would seem that , to address these questions and obtain a genuine understanding of consciousness , empirical studies must be complemented by a theoretical analysis .
Consciousness as information integration
The theory presented here claims that consciousness has to do with the capacity to integrate information .
This claim may not seem self - evident , perhaps because , being endowed with consciousness for most of our existence , we take it for granted .
To gain some perspective , it is useful to resort to some thought experiments that illustrate key properties of subjective experience : its informativeness , its unity , and its spatio - temporal scale .
Information
Consider the following thought experiment .
You are facing a blank screen that is alternately on and off , and you have been instructed to say " light " when the screen turns on and " dark " when it turns off .
A photodiode – a very simple light - sensitive device – has also been placed in front of the screen , and is set up to beep when the screen emits light and to stay silent when the screen does not .
The first problem of consciousness boils down to this .
When you differentiate between the screen being on or off , you have the conscious experience of " seeing " light or dark .
The photodiode can also differentiate between the screen being on or off , but presumably it does not consciously " see " light and dark .
What is the key difference between you and the photodiode that makes you " see " light consciously ?
( see Appendix , i )
According to the theory , the key difference between you and the photodiode has to do with how much information is generated when that differentiation is made .
Information is classically defined as reduction of uncertainty among a number of alternatives outcomes when one of them occurs [ 4 ] .
It can be measured by the entropy function , which is the weighted sum of the logarithm of the probability ( p ) of alternatives outcomes ( i ) : H = - Σp i log 2 p i .
Thus , tossing a fair coin and obtaining heads corresponds to 1 bit of information , because there are just two alternatives ; throwing a fair die yields log 2 ( 6 ) ≈ 2.59 bits of information , because there are six equally likely alternatives ( H decreases if some of the outcomes are more likely than others , as would be the case with a loaded die ) .
When the blank screen turns on , the photodiode enters one of its two possible alternative states and beeps .
As with the coin , this corresponds to 1 bit of information .
However , when you see the blank screen turn on , the state you enter , unlike the photodiode , is one out of an extraordinarily large number of possible states .
That is , the photodiode 's repertoire is minimally differentiated , while yours is immensely so .
It is not difficult to see this .
For example , imagine that , instead of turning homogeneously on , the screen were to display at random every frame from every movie that was or could ever be produced .
Without any effort , each of these frames would cause you to enter a different state and " see " a different image .
This means that when you enter the particular state ( " seeing light " ) you rule out not just " dark " , but an extraordinarily large number of alternative possibilities .
Whether you think or not of the bewildering number of alternatives ( and you typically do n't ) , this corresponds to an extraordinary amount of information ( see Appendix , ii ) .
This point is so simple that its importance has been overlooked .
Integration
While the ability to differentiate among a very large number of states is a major difference between you and the lowly photodiode , by itself it is not enough to account for the presence of conscious experience .
To see why , consider an idealized one megapixel digital camera , whose sensor chip is essentially a collection of one million photodiodes .
Even if each photodiode in the sensor chip were just binary , the camera as such could differentiate among 21,000,000 states , an immense number , corresponding to 1,000,000 bits of information .
Indeed , the camera would easily enter a different state for every frame from every movie that was or could ever be produced .
Yet nobody would believe that the camera is conscious .
What is the key difference between you and the camera ?
According to the theory , the key difference between you and the camera has to do with information integration .
From the perspective of an external observer , the camera chip can certainly enter a very large number of different states , as could easily be demonstrated by presenting it with all possible input signals .
However , the sensor chip can be considered just as well as a collection of one million photodiodes with a repertoire of two states each , rather than as a single integrated system with a repertoire of 21,000,000 states .
This is because , due to the absence of interactions among the photodiodes within the sensory chip , the state of each element is causally independent of that of the other elements , and no information can be integrated among them .
Indeed , if the sensor chip were literally cut down into its individual photodiodes , the performance of the camera would not change at all .
By contrast , the repertoire of states available to you cannot be subdivided into the repertoire of states available to independent components .
This is because , due to the multitude of causal interactions among the elements of your brain , the state of each element is causally dependent on that of other elements , which is why information can be integrated among them .
Indeed , unlike disconnecting the photodiodes in a camera sensor , disconnecting the elements of your brain that underlie consciousness has disastrous effects .
The integration of information in conscious experience is evident phenomenologically : when you consciously " see " a certain image , that image is experienced as an integrated whole and cannot be subdivided into component images that are experienced independently .
For example , no matter how hard you try , for example , you cannot experience colors independent of shapes , or the left half of the visual field of view independently of the right half .
And indeed , the only way to do so is to physically split the brain in two to prevent information integration between the two hemispheres .
But then , such split - brain operations yield two separate subjects of conscious experience , each of them having a smaller repertoire of available states and more limited performance [ 5 ] .
Spatio - temporal characteristics
Finally , it is important to appreciate that conscious experience unfolds at a characteristic spatio - temporal scale .
For instance , it flows in time at a characteristic speed and cannot be much faster or much slower .
No matter how hard you try , you cannot speed up experience to follow a move accelerated a hundred times , not can you slow it down if the movie has decelerated .
Studies of how a percept is progressively specified and stabilized – a process called microgenesis – indicate that it takes up to 100 – 200 milliseconds to develop a fully formed sensory experience , and that the surfacing of a conscious thought may take even longer [ 6 ] .
In fact , the emergence of a visual percept is somewhat similar to the developing of a photographic print : first there is just the awareness that something has changed , then that it is something visual rather than , say , auditory , later some elementary features become apparent , such as motion , localization , and rough size , then colors and shapes emerge , followed by the formation of a full object and its recognition – a sequence that clearly goes from less to more differentiated [ 6 ] .
Other evidence indicates that a single conscious moment does not extend beyond 2 – 3 seconds [ 7 ] .
While it is arguable whether conscious experience unfolds more akin to a series of discrete snapshots or to a continuous flow , its time scale is certainly comprised between these lower and upper limits .
Thus , a phenomenological analysis indicates that consciousness has to do with the ability to integrate a large amount of information , and that such integration occurs at a characteristic spatio - temporal scale .
Measuring the capacity to integrate information :
The Φ of a complex
If consciousness corresponds to the capacity to integrate information , then a physical system should be able to generate consciousness to the extent that it has a large repertoire of available states ( information ) , yet it cannot be decomposed into a collection of causally independent subsystems ( integration ) .
How can one identify such an integrated system , and how can one measure its repertoire of available states [ 2 , 8 ] ?
As was mentioned above , to measure the repertoire of states that are available to a system , one can use the entropy function , but this way of measuring information is completely insensitive to whether the information is integrated .
Thus , measuring entropy would not allow us to distinguish between one million photodiodes with a repertoire of two states each , and a single integrated system with a repertoire of 21,000,000 states .
To measure information integration , it is essential to know whether a set of elements constitute a causally integrated system , or they can be broken down into a number of independent or quasi - independent subsets among which no information can be integrated .
To see how one can achieve this goal , consider an extremely simplified system constituted of a set of elements .
To make matters slightly more concrete , assume that we are dealing with a neural system .
Each element could represent , for instance , a group of locally interconnected neurons that share inputs and outputs , such as a cortical minicolumn .
Assume further that each element can go through discrete activity states , corresponding to different firing levels , each of which lasts for a few hundred milliseconds .
Finally , for the present purposes , let us imagine that the system is disconnected from external inputs , just as the brain is virtually disconnected from the environment when it is dreaming .
Effective information
Consider now a subset S of elements taken from such a system , and the diagram of causal interactions among them ( Fig. 1a ) .
We want to measure the information generated when S enters a particular state out of its repertoire , but only to the extent that such information can be integrated , i.e. each state results from causal interactions within the system .
How can one do so ?
One way is to divide S into two complementary parts A and B , and evaluate the responses of B that can be caused by all possible inputs originating from A .
In neural terms , we try out all possible combinations of firing patterns as outputs from A , and establish how differentiated is the repertoire of firing patterns they produce in B .
In information - theoretical terms , we give maximum entropy to the outputs from A ( AHmax ) , i.e. we substitute its elements with independent noise sources , and we determine the entropy of the responses of B that can be induced by inputs from A . Specifically , we define the effective information between A and B as EI ( A→B ) = MI ( AHmax ; B ) .
Here MI ( A;B ) = H( A ) + H( B ) - H( AB ) stands for mutual information , a measure of the entropy or information shared between a source ( A ) and a target ( B ) .
Note that since A is substituted by independent noise sources , there are no causal effects of B on A ; therefore the entropy shared by B and A is necessarily due to causal effects of A on B. Moreover , EI ( A→B ) measures all possible effects of A on B , not just those that are observed if the system were left to itself .
Also , EI ( A→B ) and EI ( B→A ) in general are not symmetric .
Finally , note that the value of EI ( A→B ) is bounded by AHmax and BHmax , whichever is less .
In summary , to measure EI ( B→ A ) , one needs to apply maximum entropy to the outputs from B , and determine the entropy of the responses of B that are induced by inputs from A .
It should be apparent from the definition that EI ( A→B ) will be high if the connections between A and B are strong and specialized , such that different outputs from A will induce different firing patterns in B .
On the other hand , EI ( A→B ) will be low or zero if the connections between A and B are such that different outputs from A produce scarce effects , or if the effect is always the same .
For a given bipartition of a subset , then , the sum of the effective information for both directions is indicated as EI ( A B ) = EI ( A→B ) + EI ( B→A ) .
Thus , EI ( A B ) measures the repertoire of possible causal effects of A on B and of B on A .
Figure 1 Effective information , minimum information bipartition , and complexes .
a. Effective information .
Shown is a single subset S of 4 elements ( { 1,2,3,4} , blue circle ) , forming part of a larger system X ( black ellipse ) .
This subset is bisected into A and B by a bipartition ( { 1,3} / {2,4} , indicated by the dotted grey line ) .
Arrows indicate causally effective connections linking A to B and B to A across the bipartition ( other connections may link both A and B to the rest of the system X ) .
To measure EI ( A→B ) , maximum entropy Hmax is injected into the outgoing connections from A ( corresponding to independent noise sources ) .
The entropy of the states of B that is due to the input from A is then measured .
Note that A can affect B directly through connections linking the two subsets , as well as indirectly via X. Applying maximum entropy to B allows one to measure EI ( B → A ) .
The effective information for this bipartition is EI ( A B ) = EI ( A→B ) + EI ( B→A ) . b. Minimum information bipartition .
For subset S = { 1,2,3,4} , the horizontal bipartition { 1,3} / {2,4} yields a positive value of EI .
However , the bipartition { 1,2} /{3,4} yields EI = 0 and is a minimum information bipartition ( MIB ) for this subset .
The other bipartitions of subset S = { 1,2,3,4} are { 1,4}/{2,3} , {1}/{2,3,4} , {2}/{1,3,4} , {3}/{1,2,4} , {4}/{1,2,3} , all with EI > 0 .
c. Analysis of complexes .
By considering all subsets of system X one can identify its complexes and rank them by the respective values of Φ – the value of EI for their minimum information bipartition .
Assuming that other elements in X are disconnected , it is easy to see that Φ>0 for subset { 3,4} and { 1,2} , but Φ = 0 for subsets { 1,3} , { 1,4} , { 2,3} , { 2,4} , { 1,2,3} , { 1,2,4} , { 1,3,4} , { 2,3,4} , and { 1,2,3,4} .
Subsets { 3,4} and { 1,2} are not part of a larger subset having higher Φ , and therefore they constitute complexes .
This is indicated schematically by having them encircled by a grey oval ( darker grey indicates higher Φ ) .
Methodological note .
In order to identify complexes and their Φ ( S ) for systems with many different connection patterns , each system X was implemented as a stationary multidimensional Gaussian process such that values for effective information could be obtained analytically ( details in [ 8 ] ) .
Briefly , in order to identify complexes and their Φ ( S ) for systems with many different connection patterns , we implemented numerous model systems X composed of n neural elements with connections CON ij specified by a connection matrix CON ( X ) ( no self - connections ) .
In order to compare different architectures , CON ( X ) was normalized so that the absolute value of the sum of the afferent synaptic weights per element corresponded to a constant value w < 1 ( here w = 0.5 ) .
If the system 's dynamics corresponds to a multivariate Gaussian random process , its covariance matrix COV ( X ) can be derived analytically .
As in previous work , we consider the vector X of random variables that represents the activity of the elements of X , subject to independent Gaussian noise R of magnitude c .
We have that , when the elements settle under stationary conditions , X = X * CON ( X ) + cR .
By defining Q = ( 1 - CON ( X ) ) - 1 and averaging over the states produced by successive values of R , we obtain the covariance matrix COV ( X ) = < X*X > = < Qt * Rt * R * Q > =
Qt * Q , where the superscript t refers to the transpose .
Under Gaussian assumptions , all deviations from independence among the two complementary parts A and B of a subset S of X are expressed by the covariances among the respective elements .
Given these covariances , values for the individual entropies H( A ) and H( B ) , as well as for the joint entropy of the subset H ( S ) = H ( AB ) can be obtained as , for example , H( A ) = ( 1/2 ) ln [ ( 2 π e ) n|COV( A ) | ] , where |•| denotes the determinant .
The mutual information between A and B is then given by MI ( A;B ) = H( A ) + H( B ) - H( AB ) .
Note that MI ( A:B ) is symmetric and positive .
To obtain the effective information between A and B within model systems , independent noise sources in A are enforced by setting to zero strength the connections within A and afferent to A .
Then the covariance matrix for A is equal to the identity matrix ( given independent Gaussian noise ) , and any statistical dependence between A and B must be due to the causal effects of A on B , mediated by the efferent connections of A . Moreover , all possible outputs from A that could affect B are evaluated .
Under these conditions , EI ( A→B ) = MI ( AHmax ; B ) .
The independent Gaussian noise R applied to A is multiplied by c p , the perturbation coefficient , while the independent Gaussian noise applied to the rest of the system is given by c i , the intrinsic noise coefficient .
Here c p = 1 and c i = 0.00001 in order to emphasize the role of the connectivity and minimize that of noise .
To identify complexes and obtain their capacity for information integration , one considers every subset S of X composed of k elements , with k = 2 , ... , n .
For each subset S , we consider all bipartitions and calculate EI ( A B ) for each of them .
We find the minimum information bipartition MIB ( S ) , the bipartition for which the normalized effective information reaches a minimum , and the corresponding value of Φ ( S ) .
We then find the complexes of X as those subsets S with Φ>0 that are not included within a subset having higher Φ and rank them based on their Φ ( S ) value .
The complex with the maximum value of Φ ( S ) is the main complex .
MATLAB functions used for calculating effective information and complexes are at http://tononi.psychiatry.wisc.edu/informationintegration/toolbox.html.
Full size image
Information integration
Based on the notion of effective information for a bipartition , we can assess how much information can be integrated within a system of elements .
To this end , we note that a subset S of elements cannot integrate any information ( as a subset ) if there is a way to partition S in two parts A and B such that EI (
A
B ) = 0 ( Fig. 1b , vertical bipartition ) .
In such a case , in fact , we would clearly be dealing with at least two causally independent subsets , rather than with a single , integrated subset .
This is exactly what would happen with the photodiodes making up the sensor of a digital camera : perturbing the state of some of the photodiodes would make no difference to the state of the others .
Similarly , a subset can integrate little information if there is a way to partition it in two parts A and B such that EI ( A B ) is low : the effective information across that bipartition is the limiting factor on the subset 's information integration capacity .
Therefore in order to measure the information integration capacity of a subset S , we should search for the bipartition (s ) of S for which EI ( A B ) reaches a minimum ( the informational " weakest link " ) . "
Since EI ( A B ) is necessarily bounded by the maximum entropy available to A or B , min{EI ( A B)} , to be comparable over bipartitions , should be normalized by Hmax ( A B ) = min{Hmax ( A ) ; Hmax ( B ) } , the maximum information capacity for each bipartition .
The minimum information bipartition MIBA B of subset S – its ' weakest link ' – is its bipartition for which the normalized effective information reaches a minimum , corresponding to min{EI ( A B ) / Hmax ( A B )} .
The information integration for subset S , or Φ ( S ) , is simply the ( non-normalized ) value of EI ( A B ) for the minimum information bipartition : Φ ( S ) = EI ( MIBA B ) .
The symbol Φ is meant to indicate that the information ( the vertical bar " I " ) is integrated within a single entity ( the circle " O " , see Appendix , iii ) .
Complexes
We are now in a position to establish which subsets are actually capable of integrating information , and how much of it ( Fig. 1 c ) .
To do so , we consider every possible subset S of m elements out of the n elements of a system , starting with subsets of two elements ( m = 2 ) and ending with a subset corresponding to the entire system ( m = n ) .
For each of them , we measure the value of Φ , and rank them from highest to lowest .
Finally , we discard all those subsets that are included in larger subsets having higher Φ ( since they are merely parts of a larger whole ) .
What we are left with are complexes – individual entities that can integrate information .
Specifically , a complex is a subset S having Φ>0 that is not included within a larger subset having higher Φ .
For a complex , and only for a complex , it is appropriate to say that , when it enters a particular state out if its repertoire , it generates and amount of integrated information corresponding to its Φ value .
Of the complexes that make up a given system , the one with the maximum value of Φ ( S ) is called the main complex ( the maximum is taken over all combinations of m > 1 out of n elements of the system ) .
Some properties of complexes worth pointing out are , for instance , that a complex can be causally connected to elements that are not part of it ( the input and output elements of a complex are called ports - in and ports - out , respectively ) .
Also , the same element can belong to more than one complex , and complexes can overlap .
In summary , a system can be analyzed to identify its complexes – those subsets of elements that can integrate information , and each complex will have an associated value of Φ – the amount of information it can integrate ( see Appendix , iv ) .
To the extent that consciousness corresponds to the capacity to integrate information , complexes are the " subjects " of experience , being the locus where information can be integrated .
Since information can only be integrated within a complex and not outside its boundaries , consciousness as information integration is necessarily subjective , private , and related to a single point of view or perspective [ 1 , 9 ] .
It follows that elements that are part of a complex contribute to its conscious experience , while elements that are not part of it do not , even though they may be connected to it and exchange information with it through ports - in and ports - out .
Information integration over space and time
The Φ value of a complex is dependent on both spatial and temporal scales that determine what counts as a state of the underlying system .
In general , there will be a " grain size " , in both space and time , at which Φ reaches a maximum .
In the brain , for example , synchronous firing of heavily interconnected groups of neurons sharing inputs and outputs , such as cortical minicolumns , may produce significant effects in the rest of the brain , while asynchronous firing of various combinations of individual neurons may be less effective .
Thus , Φ values may be higher when considering as elements cortical minicolumns rather than individual neurons , even if their number is lower .
On the other hand , Φ values would be extremely low with elements the size of brain areas .
Time wise , Φ values in the brain are likely to show a maximum between tens and hundreds of milliseconds .
It is clear , for example , that if one were to stimulate one half of the brain by inducing many different firing patterns , and examine what effects this produces on the other half , no stimulation pattern would produce any effect whatsoever after just a tenth of a millisecond , and Φ would be equal to zero .
After say 100 milliseconds , however , there is enough time for differential effects to be manifested , and Φ would grow .
On the other hand , given the duration of conduction delays and of postsynaptic currents , much longer intervals are not going to increase Φ values .
Indeed , a neural system will soon settle down into states that become progressively more independent of the stimulation .
Thus , the search for complexes of maximum Φ should occur over subsets at critical spatial and temporal scales .
To recapitulate , the theory claims that consciousness corresponds to the capacity to integrate information .
This capacity , corresponding to the quantity of consciousness , is given by the Φ value of a complex .
Φ is the amount of effective information that can be exchanged across the minimum information bipartition of a complex .
A complex is a subset of elements with Φ>0 and with no inclusive subset of higher Φ .
The spatial and temporal scales defining the elements of a complex and the time course of their interactions are those that jointly maximize Φ .
The second problem :
What determines the kind of consciousness a system has ?
Even if we were reasonably sure that a system is conscious , it is not immediately obvious what kind of consciousness it would have .
As was mentioned early on , our own consciousness comes in specific and seemingly irreducible qualities , exemplified by different modalities ( e.g. vision , audition , pain ) , submodalities ( e.g. visual color and motion ) , and dimensions ( e.g. blue and red ) .
What determines that colors look the way they do , and different from the way music sounds , or pain feels ?
And why can we not even imagine what a " sixth " sense would feel like ?
Or consider the conscious experience of others .
Does a gifted musician experience the sound of an orchestra the same way you do , or is his experience richer ?
And what about bats [ 10 ] ?
Assuming that they are conscious , how do they experience the world they sense through echolocation ?
Is their experience of the world vision - like , audition - like , or completely alien to us ?
Unless we accept that the kind of consciousness a system has is arbitrary , there must be some necessary and sufficient conditions that determine exactly what kind of experiences it can have .
This is the second problem of consciousness .
While it may not be obvious how best to address this problem , we do know that , just as the quantity of our consciousness depends on the proper functioning of a physical substrate – the brain , so does the quality of consciousness .
Consider for example the acquisition of new discriminatory abilities , such as becoming expert at wine tasting .
Careful studies have shown that we do not learn to distinguish among a large number of different wines merely by attaching the appropriate labels to different sensations that we had had all along .
Rather , it seems that we actually enlarge and refine the set of sensations triggered by tasting wines .
Similar observations have been made by people who , for professional reasons , learn to discriminate among perfumes , colors , sounds , tactile sensations , and so on .
Or consider perceptual learning during development .
While infants experience more than just a " buzzing confusion " , there is no doubt that perceptual abilities undergo considerable refinement – just consider what your favorite red wine must have tasted like when all you had experienced was milk and water .
These examples indicate that the quality and repertoire of our conscious experience can change as a result of learning .
What matters here is that such perceptual learning depends upon specific changes in the physical substrate of our consciousness – notably a refinement and rearranging of connections patterns among neurons in appropriate parts of the thalamocortical system ( e.g [ 11 ] ) .
Further evidence for a strict association between the quality of conscious experience and brain organization comes from countless neurological studies .
Thus , we know that damage to certain parts of the cerebral cortex forever eliminates our ability to perceive visual motion , while leaving the rest of our consciousness seemingly intact .
By contrast , damage to other parts selectively eliminates our ability to perceive colors . [ 12 ] .
There is obviously something about the organization of those cortical areas that makes them contribute different qualities – visual motion and color – to conscious experience .
In this regard , it is especially important that the same cortical lesion that eliminates the ability to perceive color or motion also eliminates the ability to remember , imagine , and dream in color or motion .
By contrast , lesions of the retina , while making us blind , do not prevent us from remembering , imagining , and dreaming in color ( unless they are congenital ) .
Thus , it is something having to do with the organization of certain cortical areas – and not with their inputs from the sensory periphery – that determines the quality of conscious experiences we can have .
What is this something ?
Characterizing the quality of consciousness as a space of informational relationships :
The effective information matrix
According to the theory , just as the quantity of consciousness associated with a complex is determined by the amount of information that can be integrated among its elements , the quality of its consciousness is determined by the informational relationships that causally link its elements [ 13 ] .
That is , the way information can be integrated within a complex determines not only how much consciousness is has , but also what kind of consciousness .
More precisely , the theory claims that the elements of a complex constitute the dimensions of an abstract relational space , the qualia space .
The values of effective information among the elements of a complex , by defining the relationships among these dimensions , specify the structure of this space ( in a simplified , Cartesian analogue , each element is a Cartesian axis , and the effective information values between elements define the angles between the axes , see Appendix , v ) .
This relational space is sufficient to specify the quality of conscious experience .
Thus , the reason why certain cortical areas contribute to conscious experience of color and other parts to that of visual motion has to do with differences in the informational relationships both within each area and between each area and the rest of the main complex .
By contrast , the informational relationships that exist outside the main complex – including those involving sensory afferents – do not contribute either to the quantity or to the quality of consciousness .
To exemplify , consider two very simple linear systems of four elements each ( Fig. 2 ) .
Fig. 2a shows the diagram of causal interactions for the two systems .
The system on the left is organized as a divergent digraph : element number 1 sends connections of equal strength to the other three elements .
The analysis of complexes shows that this system forms a single complex having a Φ value of 10 bits .
The system on the right is organized as a chain : element number 1 is connected to 2 , which is connected to 3 , which is connected to 4 .
This system also constitutes a single complex having a Φ value of 10 bits .
Fig. 2 b shows the effective information matrix for both complexes .
This contains the values of EI between each subset of elements and every other subset , corresponding to all informational relationships among the elements ( the first row shows the values in one direction , the second row in the reciprocal direction ) .
The elements themselves define the dimensions of the qualia space of each complex , in this case four .
The effective information matrix defines the relational structure of the space .
This can be thought of as a kind of topology , in that the entries in the matrix can be considered to represent how close such dimensions are to each other ( see Appendix , vi ) .
It is apparent that , despite the identical value of Φ and the same number of dimensions , the informational relationships that define the space are different for the two complexes .
For example , the divergent complex has many more zero entries , while the chain complex has one entry ( subset { 1 3} to subset { 2 4} ) that is twice as strong as all other non-zero entries .
Figure 2 Effective information matrix and activity states for two complexes having the same value of Φ. a .
Causal interactions diagram and analysis of complexes .
Shown are two systems , one with a " divergent " architecture ( left ) and one with a " chain " architecture ( right ) .
The analysis of complexes shows that both contain a complex of four elements having a Φ value of 10 .
b. Effective information matrix .
Shown is the effective information matrix for the two complexes above .
For each complex , all bipartitions are indicated by listing one part ( subset A ) on the upper row and the complementary part ( subset B ) on the lower row .
In between are the values of effective information from A to B and from B to A for each bipartition , color - coded as black ( zero ) , red ( intermediate value ) and yellow ( high value ) .
Note that the effective information matrix is different for the two complexes , even though Φ is the same .
The effective information matrix defines the set of informational relationships , or " qualia space " for each complex .
Note that the effective information matrix refers exclusively to the informational relationships within the main complex ( relationships with elements outside the main complex , represented here by empty circles , do not contribute to qualia space ) .
c. State diagram .
Shown are five representative states for the two complexes .
Each is represented by the activity state of the four elements of each complex arranged in a column ( blue : active elements ; black : inactive ones ) .
The five states can be thought of , for instance , as evolving in time due the intrinsic dynamics of the system or to inputs from the environment .
Although the states are identical for the two complexes , their meaning is different because of the difference in the effective information matrix .
The last four columns represent four special states , those corresponding to the activation of one element at a time .
Such states , if achievable , would correspond most closely to the specific " quale " contributed by that particular element in that particular complex .
Full size image
These two examples are purely meant to illustrate how the space of informational relationships within a complex can be captured by the effective information matrix , and how that space can differ for two complexes having similar amounts of Φ and the same number of dimensions .
Of course , for a complex having high values of Φ , such as the one underlying our own consciousness , qualia space would be extraordinarily large and intricately structured .
Nevertheless , it is a central claim of the theory that the structure of phenomenological relationships should reflect directly that of informational relationships .
For example , the conscious experiences of blue and red appear irreducible ( red is not simply less of blue ) .
They may therefore correspond to different dimensions of qualia space ( different elements of the complex ) .
We also know that , as different as blue and red may be subjectively , they are much closer to each other than they are , say , to the blaring of a trumpet .
EI values between the neuronal groups underlying the respective dimensions should behave accordingly , being higher between visual elements than between visual and auditory elements .
As to the specific quality of different modalities and submodalities , the theory predicts that they are due to differences in the set of informational relationships within the respective cortical areas and between each area and the rest of the main complex .
For example , areas that are organized topographically and areas that are organized according to a " winner takes all " arrangement should contribute different kinds of experiences .
Another prediction is that changes in the quality and repertoire of sensations as a result of perceptual learning would also correspond to a refinement of the informational relationships within and between the appropriate cortical areas belonging to the main complex .
By contrast , the theory predicts that informational relationships outside a complex – including those among sensory afferents – should not contribute directly to the quality of conscious experience of that complex .
Of course , sensory afferents , sensory organs , and ultimately the nature and statistics of external stimuli , play an essential role in shaping the informational relationships among the elements of the main complex – but such role is an indirect and historical one – played out through evolution , development , and learning [ 14 ] ( see Appendix , vii ) .
Specifying each conscious experience :
The state of the interaction variables
According to the theory , once the quantity and quality of conscious experience that a complex can have are specified , the particular conscious state or experience that the complex will have at any given time is specified by the activity state of its elements at that time ( in a Cartesian analogue , if each element of the complex corresponds to an axis of qualia space , and effective information values between elements define the angles between the axes specifying the structure of the space , then the activity state of each element provides a coordinate along its axis , and each conscious state is defined by the set of all its coordinates ) .
The relevant activity variables are those that mediate the informational relationships among the elements , that is , those that mediate effective information .
For example , if the elements are local groups of neurons , then the relevant variables are their firing patterns over tens to hundreds of milliseconds .
The state of a complex at different times can be represented schematically by a state diagram as in Fig. 2 c ( for the divergent complex on the left and the chain complex on the right ) .
Each column in the state diagram shows the activity values of all elements of a complex ( here between 0 and 1 ) .
Different conscious states correspond to different patterns of activity distributed over all the elements of a complex , with no contribution from elements outside the complex .
Each conscious state can thus be thought of as a different point in the multidimensional qualia space defined by the effective information matrix of a complex ( see Appendix , viii ) .
Therefore , a succession or flow of conscious states over time can be thought of as a trajectory of points in qualia space .
The state diagram also illustrates some states that have particular significance ( second to fifth column ) .
These are the states with just one active element , and all other elements silent ( or active at some baseline level ) .
It is not clear whether such highly selective states can be achieved within a large neural complex of high Φ , such as that one that is postulated to underlie human consciousness .
To the extent that this is possible , such highly selective states would represent the closest approximation to experiencing that element 's specific contribution to consciousness – its quality or " quale " .
However , because of the differences in the qualia space between the two complexes , the same state over the four elements would correspond to different experiences ( and mean different things ) for the two complexes .
It should also be emphasized that , in every case , it is the activity state of all elements of the complex that defines a given conscious state , and both active and inactive elements count .
To recapitulate , the theory claims that the quality of consciousness associated with a complex is determined by its effective information matrix .
The effective information matrix specifies all informational relationships among the elements of a complex .
The values of the variables mediating informational interactions among the elements of a complex specify the particular conscious experience at any given time .
The crucial measurement is taken just below the bottom Men and women with thighs over 60 cm ( 23.6 in ) in circumference have a lower risk of heart disease and early death , a study of 3,000 people suggests .
The relationship remains even when body fat , smoking and blood cholesterol are taken into account , a Danish team says .
Those with narrow thighs may not have enough muscle mass to deal with insulin properly , raising the risk of diabetes and , in turn , heart disease , they say .
Experts cautioned that the research needed corroborating .
Some said it was too early to change current advice on eating and exercise for heart health , but the researchers said thigh size could be used as a marker for at - risk patients .
The study , published in the British Medical Journal , followed men and women in Denmark for more than 10 years .
They were measured for height , weight and thigh , hip and waist circumference and their overall percentage of body fat was calculated .
It 's a very simple , very crude measure but it seems to have an individual effect .
And it may be a way for doctors to assess risk
Professor Berit Heitmann , Copenhagen University Hospital
The thigh measurement was taken just below the gluteal fold , which is the crease caused by your buttocks .
Researchers also looked at the activity levels of the participants , whether they smoked , their blood pressure and cholesterol levels .
They then monitored incidence of heart disease over 10 years and death rates over 12 - and - a - half years .
' Crude measure '
During this time , 257 men and 155 women died , 263 men and 140 women developed cardiovascular disease and 103 men and 34 women suffered from heart disease .
The team at the Copenhagen University Hospital found that those with the smallest thighs - below 55 cm - had twice the risk of early death or serious health problems .
Professor Berit Heitmann , who led the research , said : " The increased risk was independent of abdominal and general obesity and lifestyle and cardiovascular risk factors such as blood pressure .
" Additionally we found that the risk was more highly related to thigh circumference than to waist circumference .
HOW TO INCREASE YOUR THIGHS
Go to a gym and train three times a week Exercise all the muscles in your thighs
Use a weight you can only just lift 10 times in a row Over 3 months you will increase thighs by 6 % to 10 % Source : Loughborough University " It 's a very simple , very crude measure but it seems to have an individual effect .
And it may be a way for doctors to assess risk .
" The nice thing is that if you have a small thigh you can do something about it through exercise . "
Previous studies have suggested that a waist circumference of over 35in ( 88.9 cm ) for a woman and 40in ( 101.6 cm ) for a man indicated a high risk of developing diabetes and heart disease .
Professor Heitmann 's team says the risk of narrow thighs could be associated with too little muscle mass .
They say this can lead to the body not responding to insulin properly , increasing the risk of type 2 diabetes and , in the long - run , heart disease .
Too little fat can also lead to adverse changes in the way the body breaks down food .
' Great news ' British Heart Foundation senior cardiac nurse Judy O'Sullivan said : " There is insufficient evidence to confirm that a low thigh circumference affects a person 's risk of developing cardiovascular disease .
" However , low muscle mass is associated with low levels of physical activity which is an established risk factor for developing heart disease . "
Tam Fry , of the National Obesity Forum , agreed that the research needed further corroboration , saying : " This is a very interesting and slightly counter - intuitive piece of work but it has to be respected because of the numbers looked at and the duration of the research .
" This must be great news for people with larger thighs .
What I find fascinating is that researchers are now going back to the drawing board and looking for every possible way of mitigating obesity . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Sometime in 1846 , Henry David
Thoreau spent a night in jail because he refused to pay his taxes .
This was his way of opposing the Mexican - American War as well as the institution of slavery .
A few years later he published the essay " Civil Disobedience , " which has since been read by millions of people , including many Israelis and Palestinians .
Kobi Snitz read the book .
He is an Israeli anarchist who is currently serving a 20 - day sentence for refusing to pay a 2,000 shekel fine .
The 38 - year - old Snitz was arrested with other activists in the small Palestinian village of Kharbatha back in 2004 while trying to prevent the demolition of the home of a prominent member of the local popular committee .
The demolition , so it seems , was carried out both to intimidate and punish the local leader who had , just a couple of weeks earlier , begun organizing weekly demonstrations against the annexation wall .
Both the demonstrations and the attempt to stop the demolition were acts of civil disobedience .
In a letter sent to friends the night before his incarceration , Snitz wrote , " I and the others who were arrested with me are guilty of nothing except not doing more to oppose the state ’s truly criminal policies . "
Snitz also explained that paying the fine would be an acknowledgment of guilt , which he finds demeaning .
Finally , he concluded his epistle by insisting that his punishment is trivial when compared to the punishment meted out to Palestinian teenagers who have resisted the occupation .
These 13- , 14- , 15 - , and 16 - year olds , he claims , are often detained for 20 days before the legal process even begins .
Snitz is not exaggerating .
In a recent report [ .pdf ] , the Palestinian human rights organizations Stop the Wall and Addameer document the forms of repression Israel has deployed against villages that have resisted the annexation of their land .
The two rights groups show that once a village decides to struggle against the annexation barrier , the entire community is punished .
In addition to home demolitions , curfews , and other forms of movement restriction , the Israeli military forces consistently uses violence against the protesters – and most often targets the youth – beating , tear - gassing , and deploying both lethal and " non-lethal " ammunition against them .
Since 2004 , 19 people , about half of them children , have been killed in protests against the barrier .
The rights groups found that in four small Palestinian villages – Bil’in , Ni’lin , Ma’sara , and Jayyous – 1,566 Palestinians have been injured in demonstrations against the wall .
In five villages alone , 176 Palestinians have been arrested for protesting against the annexation , with children and youth specifically targeted during these arrest campaigns .
The actual numbers of those who were injured and arrested are no doubt greater , considering that these are just the incidents that took place in a few villages .
Each number has a name and a story .
Consider , for example , the arrest of 16 - year - old Mohammed Amar Hussan Nofal , who was detained along with about 65 other people from his village Jayyous on Feb. 18 , 2009 .
According to his testimony , he was initially interrogated for two and a half hours in the village school .
" They asked me why I participated in the demonstrations , but I tried to deny [ that I had ] .
Then they asked me why I threw a Molotov cocktail [ at ] them .
I said I never had , which was true .
My parents were there and witnessed [ what happened ] .
They can confirm I never [ threw a Molotov cocktail ] .
I later confessed to [ having been at ] demonstrations , but not [ to having ] thrown a Molotov cocktail . "
After being beaten for refusing to hold up a paper with numbers and Hebrew words on it in order to be photographed , Nofal was sent to Kedumim and interrogated for several more hours .
During this interrogation , Captain Faisal ( a pseudonym of a secret service officer ) tried to recruit the teenager to become a collaborator .
" The captain threatened that he would arrest my parents and my whole family if I did not collaborate .
I said they could arrest [ my family ] any time , [ but ] it would be worse to become a spy .
He then said they would confiscate my family ’s permits so they could not pick olives . "
Nofal ’s only crime was protesting against the expropriation of his ancestral lands .
He spent three months in prison , during which time the Civil Administration decided to punish his family as well and refused to renew their permits to work in Israel .
When compared to Nofal and thousands of other Palestinians , Kobi Snitz is indeed paying a small price .
But his act is symbolically important , not only as a sign of solidarity with his Palestinian partners , but also because he , like thousands of Palestinians , has decided to follow the lead of Henry David Thoreau and commit acts of civil disobedience in order to resist Israel ’s immoral policies and the subjugation of a whole people .
The problem is that the world knows very little about these acts .
A simple Google search with the words " Palestinian violence " yields over 86,000 pages , while a search with the words " Palestinian civil disobedience " generates only 47 pages – this despite the fact that for several years now Palestinians have been carrying out daily acts of civil disobedience against the Israeli occupation .
Thoreau , I believe , would have been proud of Nofal , Snitz , and their fellow activists .
It is crucial that the media and international community recognize their heroism as well .
Washington , D.C .
David Walker sounds like a modern - day Paul Revere as he warns about the country 's perilous future .
" We suffer from a fiscal cancer , " he tells a meeting of the National Taxpayers Union , the nation 's oldest anti-tax lobby .
" Our off balance sheet obligations associated with Social Security and Medicare put us in a $ 56 trillion financial hole — and that 's before the recession was officially declared last year .
America now owes more than Americans are worth — and the gap is growing ! "
His ...
Harris Co. judge accused of offering break to defendant for sex Judge indicted in sex favor case
He is accused of offering to assist a defendant in exchange for ‘ more than a one - night stand ’
Donald W. Jackson will plead not guilty at his court appearance , his lawyer says .
Donald W. Jackson will plead not guilty at his court appearance , his lawyer says .
Photo : Harris County Sheriff's Office Photo : Harris County Sheriff's Office Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Harris Co. judge accused of offering break to defendant for sex 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
A Harris County Criminal Court - at - Law judge was indicted Thursday on a misdemeanor charge of official oppression , accused of offering to get a DWI defendant in his court help getting her case dismissed in exchange for a sexual relationship .
According to the indictment , Judge Donald W. Jackson , 59 , offered to get the young woman “ a different attorney to get her case dismissed if she would be interested in the defendant and enter into a relationship with him that was more than a one - night stand . ”
If convicted , the 17 - year judge could face up to a year in jail and a $ 4,000 fine .
Although only one incident is alleged , prosecutors said Jackson committed the offense in three possible ways on Feb. 19 : unwelcome sexual advances , a request for sexual favors and verbal conduct of a sexual nature .
The subject of the judge 's alleged actions , Ariana M. Venegas , was charged with driving while intoxicated on Feb. 1 and her case ended up in Jackson 's court .
The 27 - year - old Tomball woman gave a Harris County grand jury a sworn affidavit and is cooperating with prosecutors in the case , her attorneys said .
Her lawyer , Staci Biggar , was not available for comment , but Biggar 's partner , Lee Guerrero , said Venegas did not want to speak publicly .
It was unclear from court documents whether the alleged proposition was made in the courtroom , or if Jackson is accused of meeting with Venegas to make the offer .
Jackson 's lawyer , Clay Rawlings , said Jackson would plead not guilty at his initial appearance , but he declined to comment further on the allegations .
“ The district attorney 's office is going to try this case in the courtroom .
They 're not going to try it in the press and neither am I , ” Rawlings said .
“ I will say this : I have known Don Jackson for 17 years , and he is a friend . ”
What 's next
The charge was handed down amid rampant courthouse speculation fueled , in part , after Jackson recused himself from Venegas ' case on June 3 .
Joe Stinebaker , spokesman for Harris County Judge Ed Emmett , said County Court - at - Law Judge Jean Hughes , the administrative judge over the county criminal courts , will appoint a special judge to take over Jackson 's docket .
Stinebaker said the district attorney 's office will notify the Texas Commission on Judicial Conduct , which will decide if suspension is appropriate , and if so , whether the suspension should be with or without pay .
Bob Wessels , courts manager for the County Criminal Courts at Law , said Jackson was expected to remain on the county payroll drawing a $ 140,000 salary while the case is pending .
Jackson posted bail of $ 1,000 .
The charge , a misdemeanor , will be handled by the 351st state District Court , a felony court , because of Jackson 's position .
GOP to investigate
There are 15 Harris County criminal judges , who are elected to four - year terms .
They preside over misdemeanor criminal cases and appeals of misdemeanor cases from municipal and justice of the peace courts .
Jackson , a Republican appointed to Criminal Court No. 3 in 1992 after longtime Judge Jimmie Duncan retired , was a Harris County assistant county attorney for 11 years before being named to the bench by the Harris County Commissioners Court .
Since then , Jackson has won re-election four times .
Jared Woodfill , chairman of the Harris County Republican Party , said he plans to form a committee to investigate the allegations .
“ Right is right and wrong is wrong , no matter which party it we 're talking about , ” Woodfill said .
brian.rogers@chron.com
Variables Considered Harmful
Byte Magazine , February 1987 Vol. 12 , NO . 2
Libraries and programming languages that support this programming paradigm ( function - level programming ) :
IFP , Illinois Functional Programming by Arch Robinson
J programming language
FP , created by John Backus
FL , FL successor of FP
LogoFE , FMSLogo / UCBLogo library ( Spanish )
1. Preguntas , Dudas , Comentarios , Peticiones
2. Enlaces
Generado con PureJoy .
Creación : 11:49 - Dec 15 , 2017 .
Última Modificación : 11:39 - Jun 04 , 2019
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A huge swarm of bees has attacked victims and rescue workers at the scene of a crash in Turkey , after a van carrying beehives crashed into a lorry .
About 14 people were taken to hospital with bee stings after the accident near the south - western resort of Marmaris , Turkey 's Anatolia news agency reported .
It said six other people were injured in the crash itself .
One of the victims later died in hospital .
The cause of death was not immediately clear .
The van hit the stationary lorry near Marmaris on Monday , injuring six people , Anatolia said .
The impact of the crash burst open the beehives , and the bees inside then started attacking the injured .
Rescuers and local beekeepers - who were called to the scene - used blankets and hoses to ward off the bees .
Some of the injured had to wait for more than an hour to be removed from among the mangled hives , Anatolia says .
[ Update : 2.12.2010 , 8h22 ]
Nach einigen
Wochen in denen es hoch her ging , kam es zu einer Annäherung von JAKO , die schließlich 2010 in einem Treffen mit Trainer Baade in der Firmenzentrale von JAKO , in Hollenbach mündete .
Mehr über das Treffen bei Trainer Baade : “ Ein Tag in Hollenbach ”
[ Update : 4.9.2009 , 10h31 : JAKO hat am Donnerstagabend eine Pressemitteilung herausgegeben .
Meine reaktion auf die Pressemitteilung ist hier ]
Die Art und Weise wie der Sportartikelhersteller JAKO AG und die Rechtsanwaltskanzlei Horn & Kollegen derzeit gegen den Fußballblogger Trainer Baade vorgehen , stellt für mich einer der Tiefpunkte dar , die ich in meinen 8 - 9 Jahren Bloggerei und Schreiberei über Blogs erlebt habe .
Es ist einer der Momente wo man ein Gefühl der Ohnmacht bekommt .
Wo man sich fragt , ob es überhaupt Sinn macht sich auf dem Verhandlungswege um irgendwelche Kompromisse zu bemühen und eigentlich nur noch rhetorisches Flak - Feuer der Gewichtsklasse Don Alphonso die richtige Antwort auf die Eskalation der Auseinandersetzung mit JAKO und der Anwaltskanzlei Horn & Kollegen ist .
Es geht nicht nur um Trainer Baade .
Iris Sanguinette , Rechtsanwältin der Kanzlei Horn & Kollegen , vertritt eine Rechtsauffassung – sollte sie sich durchsetzen , wird Bloggen in Deutschland zu einem nicht mehr kalkulierbaren finanziellen Risiko .
Am Anfang stand ein Blogeintrag von Trainer Baade , Mitte April , einzelnd von 102 Lesern aufgerufen , inkl .
Besucher der Homepage und von Feedabonnenten vielleicht von summasummarum 400 Besuchern gelesen .
Die Eskalationsstufe 1 begann mit einer Abmahnung über 1.085 Euro im Mai .
Nicht ganz vier Monate später ist die Angelegenheit inzwischen zu einer Vertragsstrafe von 5.100 , - Euro hoch eskaliert , obwohl Trainer Baade den Blogeintrag zügig heruntergenommen hat und obwohl eine von Trainer Baade noch im Mai abgegebene Unterlassungs - und Verpflichtungserklärung von der Gegenseite akzeptiert wurde .
JAKOs Probleme mit “ Scheiße ” , ALDI , Lidl und Schlurch
Mitte April veröffentlichte Trainer Baade einen Blogeintrag der sich mit dem neuen Logo von JAKO beschäftigte .
Weil dieser Blogeintrag der Marke JAKO so offensichtlichen Schaden zufügte , dauerte es nur knapp vier Wochen , bis Iris Sanguinette von der Kanzlei Horn & Kollegen eine Abmahnung an Trainer Baade schickte .
Die Abmahnung richtete sich gegen vier Formulierungen aus dem Blogeintrag .
Es gab mehrere Vergleiche der Marke JAKO und eine Bewertung des Logos , die als “ unzulässige Schmähkritik ” gegen das Wirtschaftsunternehmen ( ! ) bewertet wurden .
Ein weiterer Vergleich wurde als unwahre Tatsachenbehauptung eingeschätzt , die JAKOs wirtschaftlichen Interessen gefährdet .
Der Gegenstandswert der Auseinandersetzung wurde auf 25.000 , - Euro veranschlagt .
Bitte noch einmal auf der Zunge zergehen lassen : ein zirka 400 x aufgerufener Blogeintrag gefährdet mit einem Aldi / Lidl - Vergleich die wirtschaftlichen Interessen der JAKO AG .
Zu zahlen waren 1.085,04 Euro .
Der Blogeintrag wurde vom Blog genommen .
Der Anwalt von Trainer Baade lehnte knapp eine Woche später die gewünschte Unterlassungserklärung ab , gab aber eine andere Unterlassungserklärung ab , die nur einen der vier Punkte umfasste .
Nach einem Telefonat zwischen den Anwälten wurde nochmals eine Woche später eine Unterlassungserklärung über insgesamt zwei Punkte abgegeben .
Uneinigkeit gab es über die zu übernehmenden Kosten , die Stand Ende Juni , von Iris Sanguinette der Kanzlei Horn & Kollegen nun inkl .
diverser Gebühren auf 1.940,80 EUR veranschlagt wurden .
Das Internet vergißt nie und JAKO noch seltener
Die letzte Eskalationsstufe wurde Anfang August gezündet – wohlgemerkt : Blogeintrag längst runter , Unterlassungserklärung unterzeichnet und angenommen und eine erste Zahlung getätigt .
In einem Schreiben an den Anwalt von Trainer Baade erklärte Rechtsanwältin Sanguinette auf einer Website die zwei inkriminierten Formulierungen gefunden zu haben .
Zitat aus dem Schreiben : “ Ihr Mandat veröffentlicht nach wie vor genau diese Behauptungen im Internet .
Sie sind über folgenden Link [ … ] zu finden “ .
Was war passiert ?
Der Link geht auf eine Seite des kaum bekannten Newsaggregator newstin.de .
Um rechtsanwaltskompatibel zu erklären was Newsaggregatoren sind : es sind Websites die – ähnlich wie Google – ohne eigenes Zutun Websites abgrasen .
Sie verschlagworten Artikel und Blogeinträge und veröffentlichen Anrisse jener Blogeinträgen oder Artikel auf einem eigenen Portal .
Also ähnlich wie es Google News macht .
Von diesen Newsaggregatoren gibt es tausende im Netz .
Ich habe zum Beispiel meinen eigenen Newsaggregator ( in diesem Fall : ein Feedreader ) , der aber per Passwort abgesichert ist und daher von außen nicht ohne weiteres zugänglich ist .
Newstin ist eine Website aus der Tschechischen Republik und war mir bis zu dieser Trainer Baade - Geschichte nicht geläufig .
Und weil wieder die Marke von JAKO und ihre Gestaltung gefährdet waren , legte sich Rechtsanwältin Sanguinette diesmal richtig ins Zeug und es brauchte nur acht , neun Tage vom Erstellen des Screenshots am 27 .
oder 28.7.2009 bis zur Niederschrift der neuen Vorwürfe am 5.8.2009 .
Als Konsequenz aus der Verletzung der Unterlassungserklärung waren nun binnen zwei Wochen 5.100 , - Euro Strafe zu zahlen plus die neu entstandenen Kosten der Kanzlei Horn & Kollegen sowie eine neue Unterlassungserklärung abzugeben , diesmal mit einem Vertragsstrafenversprechen von 10.000 , - Euro .
JAKO und die Rechtsanwältin Sanguinette bewerten das Auffinden der Formulierung als eigene Veröffentlichung – anders lässt sich der Satz aus dem Schreiben nicht interpretieren ( erst gegen Ende einer ellenlangen Argumentation lassen sie die Möglichkeit zu , dass Trainer Baade den Artikel nicht selber eingestellt hat , werfen ihm aber dann vor , es unterlassen zu haben “ das Internet ” ( sic ! ) sorgfältig genug zu prüfen ) .
Das ist eine Rechtsauffassung die diametral der Lebenswirklichkeit von Millionen von Bloggern entgegensteht .
Es ist zudem eine Rechtsauffassung die dem Mißbrauch Tür und Tor öffnet .
Es könnte ja sein , das ( abstrakt gesprochen ) zufällig – Kaaaatchiiiing – ein weiterer Newsaggregatoren - Screenshot im September auftaucht .
Macht 10.000 , - Euro zu Ungunsten des Beklagten und die Vertragsstrafe wird nochmals erhöht , um weitere Verstöße “ wirklich ” zu verhindern .
Bis zum nächsten Screenshot im Oktober etc …
Man braucht angesichts der Abmahnungskultur in Deutschland nicht viel Phantasie um sich vorzustellen , das es Personen geben dürfte , die einen solchen Mechanismus als Gelddruckmaschine mißbrauchen würden – sollte sich diese Rechtsauffassung durchsetzen .
Das letzte Trikot
Jedem dem ich bislang von der Story erzählt habe , versichert mir : mit der Newsaggregatoren - Geschichte werden die nicht vor Gericht durchkommen .
Dazu müsste es aber zu einem Prozeß kommen und dazu müsste Trainer Baade die Ressourcen besitzen um so ein Ding auszufechten .
Er hat sie aber nicht .
Für ihn war schon die erste Abmahnung über 1.085 Euro nicht mehr seine Kragenweite .
1.940 , - Euro jenseits von Gut und Böse und 5.100 , - plus x Euro Lichtjahre über existenzgefährdend hinaus .
Er kann diesen Prozeß nicht führen .
Jeder kann bei Jens Weinreich nachlesen wie zermürbend solche juristische Auseinandersetzungen sind .
Nicht nur finanziell .
Deswegen hat Trainer Baade sich – seiner Ansicht nach – von Anfang an im Rahmen seiner finanziellen Möglichkeiten kooperativ verhalten .
Sein von zirka 400 Personen gelesener Blogeintrag wurde schnell runtergenommen , eine Unterlassungserklärung unterzeichnet und eine Zahlung geleistet .
Und trotzdem sind wir jetzt Ende August bei 5.100 , - Euro angelangt und es steht eine Rechtsauffassung im Raum die förmlich garantiert , dass die nächste Vertragsstrafe folgen wird .
Selbst Agenturen die sich auf das Löschen von Daten und Einträgen aus Websites und Suchmaschinen spezialisiert haben ( “ Reputations - Management “ ) , geben weder Garantie für ihren Erfolg , noch treffen sie konkrete Zeitaussagen wie lange sie brauchen , bis inkriminierte Stellen entfernt sind !
Ich versuche die Auseinandersetzung in diesem Blogeintrag bewusst auf die persönliche Ebene zu ziehen , denn keinerlei Abstraktion soll darüber hinwegtäuschen , dass die Art und Weise wie JAKO und Iris Sanguinette die Auseinandersetzung behandeln , massiv in das Leben eines Menschen eingreifen .
Nicht gestern und heute , sondern seit Mai und wenn es wirklich zur Vertragsstrafe kommt , für viele weitere Monate , wenn nicht sogar Jahre .
Ein Unternehmen wie die JAKO AG , die sich in den Schreiben u.a. auf Augenhöhe mit Adidas in Sachen Trikotsverkauf sieht und mit der Rückhand von einem Jahresumsatz von über 60 Millionen Euro schreibt , kann nicht durch einen nur zirka 400 Leser erreichenden Blogeintrag meßbar geschädigt werden .
Das ist schlichtweg irre !
Die JAKO AG und Iris Sanguinette müssen sich fragen – ja sogar vorwerfen – lassen , dass ihnen die Maßstäbe bei der Beurteilung des angeblichen Schadens komplett entglitten sind und sie bei der technischen Beurteilung über die Machbarkeit der Entfernung solcher Passagen außerhalb der eigenen Website nicht realitätsnah urteilen .
Nimmt man alle Aspekte dieser Auseinandersetzung zusammen , wäre ich mir nicht sicher , ob am Ende das Verhalten der JAKO AG und von Anwältin Iris Sanguinette dem sehr basisnahen Image der JAKO AG nicht stärker schädigen , als ein 400 - Leser - Blogeintrag von Mitte April .
Wer weitere oder detailliertere Informationen benötigt , kontaktiert am besten “ Trainer ” Frank Baade selber .
Fragen
Ich hätte gerne Statements der JAKO AG und der Kanzlei Horn & Kollegen gebracht und habe der Unternehmenskommunikation der JAKO AG sowie Rechtsanwältin Iris Sanguinette einen umfangreichen Fragenkatalog zugeschickt .
Obwohl in dieser Angelegenheit zuletzt in dieser Woche eine Frist verstreicht , befindet sich Frau Sanguinette sowie der zuständige Gesprächspartner bei der JAKO AG bis Mitte September im Urlaub .
Auf meine Nachfrage bei der Rechtsanwaltskanzlei ob sie in Abwesenheit der Rechtsanwältin eine Erklärung abgeben wolle – schließlich vertrete Anwältin Sanguinette keine Privatmeinung und die Rechtsauffassung bezüglich der Newsaggregatoren ist zumindest “ interessant ” – lehnte die Kanzlei eine Stellungnahme ab .
Bei der JAKO AG hakte ich nach , dass ein weltweit agierendes Unternehmen in der Kommunikationsabteilung für einen urlaubenden Kollegen hoffentlich eine Vertretung habe .
Erfolglos .
Mit der Angelegenheit sei nur eine Person befasst .
Deshalb zur Dokumentation hier mein Fragen Katalog an die JAKO AG und die Anwältin Sanguinette .
1. ) Meine Frage an die JAKO AG und an Frau Rechtsanwältin Sanguinette : Glauben Sie , dass die Öffentlichkeit nachvollziehen kann , dass der JAKO AG ausgehend von den inkriminierten Aussagen in dem Blogeintrag , ein derart wirtschaftlicher Schaden entstanden ist , der eine Vertragsstrafe von inzwischen 5.100 , - Euro oder einen Gegenstandswert von 25.000 , - Euro rechtfertigt ?
2. ) Meine Frage an die JAKO AG und an Frau Rechtsanwältin Sanguinette : Ihr Vorgehen basiert auf der Annahme , dass durch einen Blogeintrag mit relativ niedrigen Aufrufzahlen ein wirtschaftlicher Schaden entstanden ist oder zu entstehen droht .
Wenn man sich die Situation ansieht , steht auf der einen Seite ein Blogger mit derzeit niedrigem Einkommen , der auf Ihr Anschreiben schnell mit der Herunternahme des Blogeintrages reagiert hat und willens war zumindest einen Teil der geforderten Summe zu zahlen .
Auf der anderen Seite ein international tätiger Konzern mit 60 Millionen Euro Jahresumsatz .
Es ist von außen betrachtet die typische David gegen Goliath - Situation .
Wenn bereits ein kleiner Blogeintrag Ihrer Ansicht nach , wirtschaftlichen Schaden hevorruft ( oder hervorrufen kann ) – riskiert eine Publikation dieses Falles in der Öffentlichkeit aufgrund der genannten David / Gloath - Konstellation nicht einen noch viel größeren Imageschaden hevorzurufen ?
3. ) Meine Frage an die JAKO AG : haben Sie Belege , dass Ihnen aufgrund der getätigten Äußerungen wirtschaftlicher Schaden in Form von stornierten oder nicht getätigten Aufträgen und Abkäufen entstanden ist oder lassen Sie die Unterlassungs - und Verpflichtungserklärung “ prophylaktisch ” anstrengen ?
4. ) Meine Frage an Frau Rechtsanwältin Sanguinette : Steht der Gegenstandswert in einer Relation zu den Aufrufzahlen des Blogeintrages ?
Wenn ja , können
Sie mir sagen , wie Sie als Außenstehende zu einer Abschätzung der Aufrufzahlen bzw .
der Visits oder anderer Kennzahlen kommen ?
5. ) Meine Frage an die JAKO AG und an Frau Rechtsanwältin Sanguinette : Herrn Baade wurde aufgefordert eine Vertragsstrafe von 5.100 , - Euro zu zahlen , weil sich beim Newsaggregator Newstin.de die beanstandeten Äußerungen noch finden ließen .
Mich würde interessieren ,
a. ) wie Sie den Newsaggregator newstin.de gefunden haben
b. ) wie sich die Vertragsstrafe von 5.100 , - Euro zusammensetzt und welche Rolle dabei etwaige Abrufzahlen von newstin.de spielen
c. ) seit wann sich die Äußerungen auf newstin.de befanden
d. ) wann wurden die Äußerungen auf newstin.de von Google indiziert
e. )
Seit wann wussten die JAKO AG oder die Kanzlei von den Äußerungen auf newstin.de
6. ) Meine Frage an Frau Rechtsanwältin Sanguinette : Können Sie Präzedenzfälle oder Urteile nennen , in denen ein Blogautor auch für Nichtlöschung von ungefragt vom Blog aggregierte und / oder gecachte Inhalte verantwortlicht gemacht wurde ?
7. ) Meine Frage an die JAKO AG :
In welchem Maße überprüft die JAKO AG das Auftauchen des Begriffes “ JAKO ” im Internet ?
Geschieht das händisch oder verwendet die JAKO AG zum Monitoring einen Dienstleister ?
8. ) Meine Frage an die JAKO AG : Gehen Sie auch gegen Schmähkritik vor , die in den Foren von Sportvereinen geäußert wird , die Trikotsponsorpartner der JAKO AG sind ?
Wenn ja : in wievielen Fällen sind Sie schon dagegen vorgegangen ?
9. ) Meine Frage an die JAKO AG und an Frau Rechtsanwältin Sanguinette : eine der beanstandeten Ausdrücke ist das Wort “ Schlurchmarke ” .
Können
Sie mir eine Quelle nennen , die den Ausdruck “ Schlurch ” derart negativ konnotiert , dass es für das weltweite oder deutschlandweite Geschäft der JAKO AG relevant ist ?
Als Rechtslaie empfinde ich Ausdrücke die nicht in den Werken des Duden - Verlags auftauchen , als interpretationsfähig .
10 . ) Meine Frage an Frau Rechtsanwältin Sanguinette : Die Formulierung “ JAKO war schon immer das Aldi oder Lidl unter den Sportausrüstern ” soll aufgrund des Vergleiches mit Lidl und Aldi die wirtschaftlichen Interessen von JAKO beeinträchtigen bzw .
gefährden .
Ich kann diese Argumentation semantisch nicht ganz nachvollziehen .
Vielleicht können
Sie mir helfen , indem Sie mir die Problematik anhand des folgenden Vergleiches erklären ( der Vergleich ist wirklich nicht polemisch gemeint ! ) :
Sie selbst sind in dem Rechtsanwaltsportal “ mcadvo.com ” gelistet .
Wenn ich Ihre Argumentation bzgl .
der Newsaggregatoren aufgreife , müsste ich es so formulieren : “ Sie veröffentlichen ihre Kontaktdaten in dem Rechtsanwaltsportal ‘ mcadvo.com ' ” .
Schädigt die Listung in einem Anwaltsportal das mit seiner Benamung auf McDonalds anspielt und Sie damit , vergleichbar mit dem obigen Beispiel Aldi oder Lidl , in die Nähe von “ Fast Food ” oder “ Junk Food ” rückt , nicht die wirtschaftliche Wertschätzung , die Sie genießen ?
[ Edit 1.9 .
11h31 : Namen der Rechtsanwaltskanzlei korrigiert : es heißt “ Horn und Kollegen ” nicht “ Horn & Partner ” - dogfood ]
[ Update 2.12.2010 ]
Um es für alle “ Nachzügler ” die per Google aufschlagen , noch einmal klar zu sagen : die Sache hat sich inzwischen erledigt .
Mehr darüber gibt es bei Trainer Baade “ Ein Tag in Hollenbach ”
Multiverse is a Java based STM implementation and last week I have been playing with integrating Multiverse in Scala .
And since I have no practical experience with Scala and the Java language is not going anywhere ( any more ) it sounded like a nice opportunity to get started with Scala .
Multiverse supports 2 models for creating atomic objects ( objects managed by the STM ) in the Java language .
The simplest approach is adding an @ AtomicObject annotation to a Pojo :
@ AtomicObject class Person{ private int age ; public int getAge ( ) {return age ;} public void setAge ( int newAge ) {this.age = new Age;} }
All changes made to person are atomic and isolated and the cool thing is that the get / setAge methods can participate in larger transactions ( this solves the composability problem lock based approaches are suffering from ) .
Using an @AtomicObject annotation is simple because you still can write normal Pojo’s .
The second model is using explicit refs ( similar like Clojure refs ) .
class Person{ private final Ref age = new Ref( ) ; public int getAge ( ) {return age.get ( ) ; } public void setAge ( int newAge ) {age.set(newAge;} }
Multiverse does n’t care which model is being used .
The first has a better syntax and probably is going to perform better when the Pojo has more than 1 field ( although it could also lead to false write - conflicts ) .
But the second model is very easy to integrate with Scala and does n’t rely on instrumentation .
In the future the first model is going to be added to Scala as well , but I need to have a better understanding of how Scala is compiled to bytecode .
One of the cool things about Scala is that it is very easy to add new language constructs using closures .
If we look at the atomic functionality ( so wrapping a transaction around a set of operations ) in Java , we need to write a lot of verbose code :
int sum = new AtomicTemplate ( ) { public Integer run( Transaction t) { return person1.getAge()+person2.getAge( ) } }.execute ( ) ;
But in Scala you can say :
val sum = atomic{person1.age+person2.age}
Using the following closure :
def atomic [ E ] ( body : => E ) : E = { new AtomicTemplate [ E ] { def execute ( t : Transaction ) = body }.execute ( ) }
Is n’t that cool ?
In the following blogposts I ’ll explain the support for the retry and orelse mechanisms .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
A 41 - year - old Jordanian man was charged with premeditated murder after his raped teenage niece was shot dead on Tuesday to " cleanse " the family 's honour , police said .
" The man was arrested and charged after he shot the 16 - year - old girl eight times in different parts of her body , " a police source told AFP .
The girl was killed in the Nasser area east of Amman , the police source said .
" The suspect , who was arrested while carrying his gun , confessed to the crime , saying that he wanted to cleanse his family 's honour after his niece was raped last year .
She gave birth to a baby boy two months ago and her family kept the child . "
Murder is punishable by the death penalty in Jordan , but in the case of so - called " honour killings " a court usually commutes or reduces sentences , particularly if the victim 's family urges leniency .
Between 15 and 20 women are murdered each year in Jordan in the name of honour , despite government efforts to fight such crimes .
Parliament has refused to reform the penal code to ensure harsher penalties .
AFP
The Fault Tolerant Heap ( FTH ) is a subsystem of Windows 7 responsible for monitoring application crashes and autonomously applying mitigations to prevent future crashes on a per application basis .
For the vast majority of users , FTH will function with no need for intervention or change on their part .
Principal Development Lead and rock star developer Silviu Calinoiu is the mastermind behind FTH .
Here , we go deep into how FTH works and why it 's designed the way it is .
The Fault Tolerant Heap is another example of the low level efficiency built into the system : FTH automatically corrects memory faults that cause applications to crash which has the pleasant side effect of preventing future crashes .
How does FTH work , exactly ?
What types of memory problems does it address , specifically ?
How do developers monitor FTH events and can they override FTH 's behavior ?
What does this all mean to the average user ?
FTH , as an autonomous monitoring and correction system , represents a step in the right direction for the evolution of a more homeostatic general purpose operating system .
Simply , Windows is getting smarter in the sense that it 's increasingly becoming better at self - regulation and self - healing .
Yes , there 's a very long way to go , but we 're making real progress .
You will continue to learn about recoverability in Windows over the coming months here on C9 .
Tune in .
The Business Panic of 33 A.D .
Of the year 33 A.D. it may possibly have been recorded in the diaries of certain Roman business men , that there was a disturbance in the remote province of Judaea a tumult quickly quelled by the energy of his excellency Pontius Pilate , the governor , who seized and crucified one Christus , the chief malcontent , and two bandits , his accomplices .
It is more probable , however , that they only remembered this year as marking one of the severest panics which ever shook the foundations of Roman credit .
As with most panics , the causes of this were not obvious .
About a year before , the firm of Seuthes & Son of Alexandria , lost three richly laden spice ships on the Red Sea in a hurricane .
Their ventures in the Ethiopian caravan trade also were unprofitable , ostrich feathers and ivory having lately fallen in value .
It soon began to be rumored that they might be obliged to suspend .
A little later the well known purple house of Malchus & Company ( centered at Tyre , but with factories at Antioch and Ephesus ) suddenly became bankrupt ; a strike among their Phoenician workmen , and the embezzlements of a trusted freedman manager being the direct causes of the disaster .
Presently it became evident that the great Roman banking house of Quintus Maximus & Lucius Vibo had loaned largely to both Seuthes and Malchus .
The depositors , fearing for their money , commenced a run on the bank , and distrust spread because men , experienced on the Via Sacra ( the first century Wall Street ) , said that the still larger house of the Brothers Pettius was also involved with Maximus & Vibo .
The two threatened establishments might still have escaped disaster had they been able to realize on their other securities .
Unfortunately the Pettii had placed much of their depositors ' capital in loans among the noblemen of the Belgae in North Gaul .
In quiet times such investments commanded very profitable interest ; but an outbreak among that semi-civilized people caused the government to decree a temporary suspension of processes for debt .
The Pettii were therefore left with inadequate resources .
Maximus & Vibo closed their doors first ; but that same afternoon the Pettii did likewise .
Grave rumors obtained that , owing to the interlacing of credits , many other banks were affected .
Still the crisis might have been localized , had not a new and more serious factor been introduced .
In a laudable desire to support the Italian agricultural interest then in a most declining way the Senate , with the assent of Tiberius , the emperor , had ordered one third of every senator 's fortune to be invested in lands within Italy .
Failure to comply with the ordinance invited prosecution and heavy penalties .
The time allowed for readjustment had almost expired , when many rich senators awoke to the fact that they had not made the required relocation of their fortunes .
To find capital to buy land , it was necessary for them to call in all their private loans and deposits at the bankers .
Publius Spinther , a wealthy nobleman , particularly was obliged to notify Balbus & Ollius , his bankers , that they must find the 30,000,000 sesterces he had deposited with them two years before .
Two days later Balbus & Ollius had closed their doors , and their bankruptcy was being entered before the praetor .
The same day a notice in the Ada Diurna , the official gazette posted daily in the Forum , told how the great Corinthian bank of Leucippus '
Sons had gone into insolvency .
A few days later it was heard that a strong banking house in Carthage had suspended .
After this all the surviving banks on the Via Sacra announced that they must have timely notice before paying their depositors .
The safe arrival of the corn fleet from Alexandria caused the situation at the capital to brighten temporarily ; but immediately afterward came news that two banks in Lyons were " rearranging their accounts , " as the euphemism ran ; likewise another in Byzantium .
From the provincial towns of Italy and the farming districts , where creditors had long allowed their loans to run at profitable interest , but were now suddenly calling in their principals , came cries of keen distress and tidings of bankruptcy after bankruptcy .
After this nothing seemed able to check the panic at Rome .
One bank closed after another .
The legal 12 % rate of interest was set at nought by any man lucky enough to possess ready money .
The praetor 's court was crowded with creditors demanding the auctioning of the debtor 's houses , slaves , warehouse stock , or furniture .
The auctions themselves were thinly attended , for who could buy ?
Valuable villas and racing studs were knocked down for trifles .
Caught in the disaster , many men of excellent credit and seemingly ample fortune were reduced to beggary .
The calamity seemed spreading over the Empire , and threatening a stoppage of all commerce and industry , when Gracchus , the praetor , before whom the majority of the cases in bankruptcy came , at his wits ' end to decide between the hosts of desperate debtors and equally desperate creditors , resorted to the Senate - house ; whence , after a hurried debate , the Conscript Fathers dispatched a fast messenger with a full statement of the danger to their lord and master Tiberius , in his retreat at Capri .
While the Caesar 's reply was awaited , the business world of the capital held its breath .
Four days after the dispatch from the Senate , an imperial courier came pricking back from Campania .
The Senate assembled in the Curia with incredible celerity .
A vast throng slaves and millionaires elbowing together filled the Forum outside , while the Emperor 's letter was read , first to the Senate , then from the open Rostrum to the waiting people .
Tiberius had solved the problem with his usual calm , good sense .
The obnoxious decrees were for the time to be suspended ; 100,000,000 ses .
were to be taken from the imperial treasury and distributed among reliable bankers , to be loaned to the neediest debtors ; no interest to be collected for three years ; but security was to be offered of double value in real property .
The law being relaxed , and the most pressing cases cared for by the government loan , private lenders began .
to take courage and offer money at reasonable rates .
Dispatches from Alexandria , Carthage and Corinth indicated that the panic had been stayed in those financial centers .
The moneyed world of the Via Sacra began to resume its wonted aspect .
A few banking houses and individuals never recovered from their losses , but the majority escaped permanent suspension and so the panic of the " Consulship of Galba and Sulla , " i.e. of 33 A.D. , passed into half - forgotten history .
Such a little expanded from Tacitus and Suetonius is the tale of the great panic under the third Caesar .
A narrative like this would have no verisimilitude unless placed in a society extending over seas and continents , with a great internal and foreign commerce , rapid means of communication , complex and vast credit transactions , an elaborate system of banking ; in other words , with conditions not unlike many of those of the twentieth century .
Great was the Roman Empire in its military glory , its system of law and administration , its preservation of the artistic and intellectual heritage from Greece , its elimination of clan patriotism and local prejudices but it was also great , in that it fostered the development of an economic life such as has not come again to the world until very recent times .
It is of this Roman commerce , communication , banking , credit , and of a society largely founded on such a " money basis , " that we propose to write .
These were published before Pluto was demoted from planet status .
There was no mention of the work going on to get people to Mars .
There are no activities in the study guide to help give a student a sense of the actual distances involved .
Parents may want supplement their study in those areas .
Excellent coverage of astronomy .
Layout and text make it easy to either read through , or take in small bits .
Illustrations and photos are excellent quality and add to the text well .
Bonus pull - out poster is excellent .
The study guide is an excellent source for further study and increasing comprehension and retention of the material .
The book clearly explains what the main theories are that do n’t line up with Biblical accounts , and why they do n’t make sense .
It gives us the history of astronomy and space exploration , without touching on the tragedies .
Multiple illustrations and photographs on each page both add to the text , and make the book a pleasure to simply look at .
The book itself appeals to a range of ages .
My husband read it through as soon as he saw it , and I ’ve had at least one child who would have been fascinated with this book by the time she was four .
The endnotes are a manageable size for further exploration .
The glossary simplifies complex concepts for a child ’s understanding and the pull - out poster of the solar system is both aesthetically pleasing , and informative .
The accompanying Study Guide & Workbook from Master Books is also a treasure .
In thirteen lessons it gives relevant scriptures to look - up , review questions , additional resources to pursue various topics , and suggested activities – some of which could evolve into extensive projects .
Several times suggestions are made to help younger students participate , when how to make this a multi - level lesson is n’t quite so obvious .
This small guide combined with the book can make a thorough study of astronomy for your family .
Having laughed my way through an astronomy course at the state university , it was exciting to read an astronomy book that actually made sense .
Dr. Henry has produced a thorough , yet concise overview of the study of astronomy .
The Astronomy Book is 80 pages long and I have the hardbound version .
The copyrights are 1999 / September 2006 .
At the back of the book is a fold out poster entitled “ Exploring God ’s Creation ” giving some facts about the planets and sun .
The book itself has eleven chapters .
They are : What Is Astronomy ? , How Big Is the Universe ? , The Origin of the Universe , Watching the Sky , Why Did God Create the Heavenly Bodies ? , Space Exploration , A Tour of the Solar System , Stars and Galaxies , Cosmic Catastrophes , Catastrophes in the Solar System , and Are There Other Planets in Other Solar Systems ?
This book is written from a God created viewpoint ( which I agree with ) and not an evolutionary one .
I will say that it ’s a little out of date – the pictures need to be updated – and it also reflects Pluto is still a planet .
I know that is a topic that some will never agree with , but it is still one that , in my opinion , should be mentioned .
One phrase that I really liked was , in reference to those who believe in cosmic evolution , “ ... when has an explosion led to more order and structure than there was before ? ”
Excellent point !
We learn about the moon ’s phases and how to identify the features on the moon ’s surface .
Also , if you ’d like to view an eclipse of the sun safely , instructions are given to make a pinhole camera with a shoe box .
You can view a lunar eclipse with the naked eye .
I learned that some people use the lunar calendar while others use the solar calendar and that all clocks are set by GMT which stands for “ Greenwich Mean Time . ”
Of interest was the topic of constellations and how that most cultures recognize the same constellations as we do and that maybe it all started at the tower of Babel when all the people of the earth were in the same place .
That makes a lot of sense , otherwise , why would so many people refer to the same stars as the same name that we do ?
The creation of rockets was earlier than I thought .
It seems workable rockets were created in the 1920 ’s and 1930 ’s .
Dr. Werner von Braun worked for Hitler and made rockets for him .
Later on in life he became a Christian and worked for NASA .
Did you know there were mirrors on the mood ?
I did n’t .
They are used for measuring the distance from the earth to the moon by a laser beams reflection .
Pretty cool concept .
If you want to more about astronomy , you will enjoy reading this book .
I also recommend you get the study guide that goes with it .
The chapters include the text pages you should read and applicable Scripture verses , followed by questions to answer , words / phrases to know , and activities to do .
The answers are included in the back of the booklet .
There are many more topics from this book that I did not discuss in this review in order to keep the review at a minimum .
PROS :
Good , detailed information .
Lots of pictures .
Creationist viewpoint .
CONS :
Some pictures are outdated .
Refers to the sun as a star .
Needs updating to reflect Pluto as a dwarf planet .
Star Rating : 6.5
( if they were to update the pictures and change the layout on page 39 where it was difficult to follow the text , I would rate it an 8 . )
Tina Brown is a Christian who is married to a pastor .
Together , they have 7 children and homeschool 6 of them .
They reside in Richardson , TX .
Tony Cenicola / The New York Times
A new study analyzing the Amazon Kindle electronic book reader ’s impact on the environment suggests that , on average , the carbon emitted over the life of the device is offset after the first year of use .
“ It ’s not just buying e-books that matters , ” said the report ’s author , Emma Ritch , of San Francisco - based Cleantech Group .
“ The key is they displace the purchase of 22.5 physical books . ”
Ms. Ritch said .
“ The new study finds that e-readers could have a major impact on improving the sustainability and environmental impact on the publishing industry , one of the world ’s most polluting sectors , ” a statement at Cleantech ’s Web site states .
“ In 2008 , the U.S. book and newspaper industries combined resulted in the harvesting of 125 million trees , not to mention wastewater that was produced or its massive carbon footprint . ”
The report asserts that printed books have the highest per-unit carbon footprint — which includes its raw materials , paper production , printing , shipping , and disposal — in the publishing sector .
“ In the case of a book bought at a bookstore , ” Ms. Ritch said , Cleantech ’s measurement “ takes into account the fossil fuels necessary to deliver to the bookstore and the fact that 25 - 36 percent of those books are then returned to the publisher , burning more fossil fuels . ”
After that , Ms. Ritch said , there are three common next steps :
“ The publisher then incinerates , throws away or recycles them , ” she said .
According to Sarah Rotman Epps , a media analyst with Forrester Research in Cambridge , Mass. , which supplied some of the data for the report , first - quarter e-book sales in 2009 accounted for a scant 1.6 percent , or $ 113 million in revenue , in the $ 24.3 billion publishing industry .
“ Right now , e-books are having effectively no positive impact on the environment , ” she said , nor will they “ unless publishers print fewer books in anticipation of e-book sales . ”
The Association of American Publishers reported sales of e-books were up 154.8 percent by the end of April 2009 , while overall book sales were down 4.1 percent ; 2008 e-book sales totaled $ 112 million , and some analysts predict sales may reach $ 400 million in 2012 .
By the end of 2008 , sales of e-book readers like the Kindle and Sony ’s Reader reached approximately 1 million units , while Apple reported more than 1 million downloads of Amazon ’s free Kindle e-book reader application for the iPhone .
The Cleantech study concluded that purchasing three e-books per month for four years produces roughly 168 kilograms of CO2 throughout the Kindle ’s lifecycle , compared to the estimated 1,074 kilograms of CO2 produced by the same number of printed books .
Of course , none of this means that e-readers are without environmental impact .
Consumer electronics , after all , are notorious for containing a variety of toxic materials among their circuitry .
Valerie Motis , a Sony spokeswoman , said in an e-mail message that the company ’s e-reader products are free of toxic materials , including polyvinyl chloride , or PVC — a particular bugaboo among environmental groups .
Phone calls and e-mail messages to Amazon inquiring about the materials in the popular Kindle device have thus far gone unanswered .
Casey Harrell , an international campaign coordinator for Greenpeace , which monitors the environmental impact of consumer electronics , said e-readers remain something of an unknown variable .
“ In terms of the Kindle or other similar e-book gadgets , I do n’t know what chemicals are in or out , ” Mr. Harrell said .
“ Companies will want to brag about their eco-credentials , so if you do n’t see any mention , they ’ve probably not been eliminated . ”
Mr. Harrell suggested another option for those concerned about the environmental footprint of books : “ There ’s always the public library , ” he said .
For those who have n't seen it yet , there 's a four - part YouTube series that was posted late last year called " The Collapse of Atheism . "
The series repeatedly claims that the scientific discoveries of the 20th century have made atheism and " Darwinism " completely untenable .
" By the end of the 19th century , " the narrator tells us early in part 1 , " atheists had established a world view that they believed accounted for everything ... yet every one of these views collapsed with scientific , political , and sociological advances in the 20th century . "
It takes a solid 6 or 7 minutes before any " evidence " is actually gone through but there 's a good deal of ominous music and scary old photos of Nietzsche , Darwin , Freud and the general God-hating 19th century .
The four parts break down roughly as follows :
Pt. 1 - Findings from the Hubble telescope , The Big Bang theory , and how an expanding universe shows that " Matter and time were brought into being by an infinitely powerful creator bound by neither of them . ”
Pt. 2 - The fine - tuned universe and the anthropic principle : " It was in the 1970s that scientists first realized that all the physical balances in the universe had been set up in a most sensitive matter so as to permit human life . "
Pt. 3 - The Cambrian explosion ( " This fact that emerges from the fossil record demolishes the theory of evolution and is proof of creation instead . " ) and the evil theories of Freud -- " This teaching , which describes man as a species of animal that lives only to satisfy its selfish desires , actually increased loneliness , fear , and depression in people by debasing spiritual values . ”
Pt. 4 - Atheists like Stalin and Hitler killed millions after reading Nietzsche and Heidegger .
And the hippies of the 1960s , inspired by John Lennon 's " Imagine , " " believed that they could find happiness by means of unlimited drugs and sex . "
I 'll leave the whole Stalin and Hitler thing alone -- especially since Christopher Hitchens has brilliantly dealt with it in more online debates than I can even count .
( Not to mention Hitler was most likely a Christian throughout his life . )
I 'm not even sure what to say about the radical atheistic hippie agenda that nearly destroyed the world back in ' 69 .
We should probably play it safe though and burn all the Janis Joplin CDs out there .
So , thoughts on the rest of all this :
* Atheist J. Maddox , former editor of Nature , was not dismissing the Big Bang theory in his 1989 paper " Down with the Big Bang " because he thought it proved the existence of God .
Rather , he had issues with the philosophical implications : " For one thing , the implication is that there was an instant at which time literally began and , so , by extension , an instant before which there was no time .
That in turn implies that even if the origin of the Universe may be successfully supposed to lie in the Big Bang , the origin of the Big Bang itself is not susceptible to discussion . "
* The Big Bang theory does n't necessitate the existence of a God -- the fact that 14 billion years ago a bunch of hotly condensed matter exploded and galaxies and stars and planets came pouring out is n't a theological matter .
And the fact that the theory 's original proponent , George Lemaitre , was a Roman Catholic is n't exactly relevant , is it ?
* The anthropic principle has never been a compelling argument for me .
Basically the anthropic principle says , we 're here , there 's life on earth , and one form of this life has attained a level of rationality that allows it to do things like build the Hubble telescope and put a man on the moon and write the script for Leprechaun 6 : Back 2 Tha Hood .
This of course is tied in with the idea of the fine - tuned universe , that if any of the physical constants of the universe were even slightly different life as we know it could never have developed .
Many have said that the anthropic principle itself is nothing more than a tautology , equivalent to saying " If things were different , they would be different . "
Steven Jay Gould , in his 2002 book Why People Believe Weird Things : Pseudoscience , Superstition , and Other Confusions of Our Time , said the anthropic principle was just a case of backward reasoning , like looking at a sausage and saying that its size and shape make it perfect for fitting into a hot dog bun .
* I thought there were plenty of " Darwinian " explanations out there for the Cambrian explosion but I must be mistaken .
What was that whole punctuated equilibrium thing Gould always went on about ?
Ah , I do n't remember .
Screw it .
* Quoting Patrick Glynn , author of God : The Evidence , the Reconciliation of Faith and Reason in a Post - Secular World , " Study after study has shown a powerful relationship between religious belief and practice , on the one hand , and healthy behaviors with regard to such problems as suicide , alcohol and drug abuse , divorce , [ and ] depression ... on the other . "
Funny how pederasty is n't on that list ...
The Canadian health care system is n't perfect , but Canadians would never trade it for the one in the US .
Yet conservative politicians and greedy insurance companies are pushing lies about Canada 's national system to scare the American public off national health care - risking Obama 's whole movement for change and threatening his majority in Congress .
Sign the petition below and tell friends - huge numbers will cause a stir in US media and affect the debate , and Avaaz will deliver our message to wavering US Senators this month before they cast their vote in Congress .
If anyone reading this saw Happy Gilmore and enjoyed the Bob Barker appearance in the movie , then hold on to your hats because Bob Barker is hosting Monday Night Raw on Labor Day .
Barker has been retired for almost two years from The Price Is Right .
Drew Carey is doing well , but he is not Bob Barker and does things a bit differently .
Here are my five predictions for Barker ’s appearance .
1. Barker will order Hornswoggle the midget to play the “ Mountain Climber Game ” .
He will have a random audience member guess the prices of pre-selected items and every dollar they are off will have Hornswoggle ascend up the ramp a step .
If the contestant is off by too much , Hornswoggle will fall over the side of the entrance stage .
2. Barker will reveal at the end of the show that he is a secret advisor to Degeneration X as he crotch chops and tells the audience about his secret passion for Rage Against The Machine music .
3. Barker calls out Drew Carey , and much to the crowds delight , Carey shows up and accepts Barker ’s challenge to a “ Steel - Cage Showcase Showdown Submission Match ” .
Barker would be the good guy and brings long - time model and Barker Beauty Janice out while Carey , playing the heel , arrives with Mimi as he is booed heavily .
4 . At about the midway point of the show , Barker brings out George “ The Animal ” Steele to remind the viewing audience to always have their pets spayed and neutered .
5. Conan O’Brien interferes in the “ Showcase Showdown Steel Cage Match ” between Barker and Carey to assist Carey .
When no one is looking , Conan emerges through the floor of the ring and hits Barker with one of those thin foot long microphones .
He then throws the microphone to the announce table where Andy Richter and LaBamba catch and hide the evidence .
Conan than reaches into his trousers , and like Mick Foley had a sock , O’Brien has a Triumph The Insult Comic Dog hand puppet that he uses to help Carey choke Barker out with .
SPECIES % PSILOCYBIN % PSILOCIN % BAEOCYSTIN REFERENCE P. azurenscens 1.78 .38 .35 Stamets and Gartz 1995 P. bohemica 1.34 .11 .02 Gartz and Muller 1989 ; Gartz ( 1994 ) P. semilanceata .98 .02 .36 Gartz 1994 P. baeocystis .85 .59 .10 Repke et al. 1977 ; Beug and Bigwood 1982 ( b ) P. cyanescens .85 .36 .03 Stijve and Kuyper 1985 ; Repke et al. 1977 P. tampanensis .68 .32 n/ a Gartz 1994 P. cubensis .63 .60 .025 Gartz 1994 ; Stijve and de Meijer 1993 P. weilii .61 .27 .05 P. hoogshagenii .60 .10 n/a Heim and Hofmann 1958 P. stuntzii .36 .12 .02 Beug and Bigwood 1982 ( b ) ; Repke et al .
1977 P. cyanofibrillosa .21 .04 n/ a Stamets et al. 1980 P. liniformans .16 n/d .005 Stijve and Kuyper
Psilocybin Mushrooms of the World , Paul Stamets
Stivje , de Meijer .
" Macromycetes from the state of Parana , Brazil . 4 The psychoactive species " Arq Biol Technol 1993 36(2):313-329
Gartz and Muller .
" analyses and cultivation of fruitbodies and mycelia of Psilocybe bohemica . "
Biochem Physiol Pflanzen .
1989 .
184:337-341
Stamets and Gartz . " a new caerulescent Psilocybe from the Pacitic Coast of Northwestern North America " .
Integration 6 . 1995
Repke D , Leslie D , Guzman G. " Baeocystin in Psilocybie , Conocybe , and Panaeolus . " LLoydia .
1977 .
40:566-578
Beug M , Bigwood J. " Quantitative analysis of psilocybin and psilocin in Psilocybe baeocystic Singer and Smith by high - performance liquid chromatography and by thin - layer chromatography . "
Journal of Chromatography 1981 207:370-385 .
Beug M , Bigwood J. " Variation of psilocybin and psilocin levels with repeated flushes ( harvests ) of mature sporocaps of Psilocybe cubensis ( earle ) Singer . "
Journal of Ethnopharmacology 1982 .
5:271-291 .
Beug M , Bigwood J. " Psilocybin and psilocin levels in twenty species from seven genera of wild mushrooms in the Pacific Northwest ( USA ) " Journal of Ethnopharmacology 1982 .
5:271-278 .
Stivje TC , Kuyper TW .
" Occurence of psilocybin in various higher fungi from several European countries " Planta Medica 1985 51(5):385-387 .
Heim RA , Hofmann A . " La psilocybine et la psilocine chez les psilocybe et strophaires hallucinogenes . "
Les champignons hallucinogenes du Mexique .
1958 .
6:258-267 . Paris : Editions du Museum National d'Histoire Naturelle .
Stamets P , Beug PM , Bigwood J , Guzman G. " a new species and a new variety of Psilocybe from North America " Mycotaxon 1980 11:476-484 .
Please note that these do not represent average values for widely sampled populations .
Just because a mushroom species has some samples that show high or low concentrations does not mean that all mushrooms of that type have levels matching those in this chart .
The Queensland Government this afternoon pushed ahead with an interim ban on Go Vodka tubes , which contain vodka in a toothpaste - like tube .
Fair Trading Minister Peter Lawlor had on Sunday flagged his intention to ban the popular tubes , describing them as an an " undesirable product " .
Go Vodka tubes .
The vodka tubes contain two standard pre-mixed vodka drinks with an alcohol content of 10.5 per cent .
They are popular with celebrities who have been pictured sucking on the tubes in nightclubs around the world .
Pity the medically uninsured in America .
As if they do n’t already have enough to worry about , now they ’ve become a political football .
Opponents and supporters of healthcare reform toss assertions about them back and forth .
Their number is debated -- are they 46 million people ?
30 million ?
Eight million ?
Their motivations for not having health coverage are questioned :
Are they “ young invincibles ” who think they ’re too healthy to need it ?
Too rich to need it ?
Or just cheapskates ?
And let ’s not ignore the aspersions cast on their character : “ A citizen who accepts personal responsibility for his welfare has no real problem getting health insurance , ” one reader wrote me recently .
Moral fiber and a clean lifestyle are all that ’s needed to secure adequate healthcare , apparently .
Advertisement
But efforts to minimize the plight of the uninsured do n’t stand up to scrutiny .
The latest figures , setting the number of uninsureds at 46.3 million people as of the end of 2008 , were released last week by the U.S. Census Bureau , and they make the case for reform stronger than ever .
“ That ’s a solid and respected estimate , ” Timothy D. McBride , a professor of public health at Washington University in St. Louis , told me .
He called the figures “ alarming , ” because one trend they underscore is the decline in employer - sponsored health coverage .
The percentage of the country covered by workplace plans dropped last year to 58.5 % -- down from a peak of 64.2 % in 2000 and the lowest level since 1993 .
Taking up some of the slack was the government , which expanded the number of persons covered by Medicaid by 44 % to nearly 43 million .
The census data effectively punch holes in the most common misrepresentations that reform opponents make about the uninsured .
The anti-reform lobby says the group comprises mostly illegal immigrants ; people who can afford insurance and forswear it ; candidates for public assistance who do n’t bother to sign up ; and people who are uncovered only for brief periods and thus ( presumably ) do n’t warrant our concern .
Advertisement
Let ’s take these assertions one by one .
First , uninsured illegal immigrants .
Many opponents of healthcare reform raise their concern that illegal immigrants might benefit from publicly funded elements of healthcare reform to the level of a fetish .
The issue was behind the now - infamous outbreak of hooliganism on the floor of the House of Representatives during President Obama ’s healthcare speech last week , for example .
As for how many uninsured illegal immigrants there are , I ’ve seen estimates as high as 12 million .
No data support that figure .
The Pew Hispanic Center , crunching the census figures , concluded that about 49 % of all non-citizen permanent residents of the U.S. are here illegally .
Applying that ratio to the Census Bureau ’s estimate of 9.5 million noncitizens among the uninsured would suggest that the number of illegal immigrants among them is about 4.7 million .
The draft legislation in the House already bars public money from being spent to help illegal residents buy health insurance .
As for the attempt by some members of Congress to mollify the anti-immigrant lobby by forbidding illegal immigrants to buy health insurance even with their own money -- a position unaccountably endorsed by President Obama -- there ’s little to say about it except that it should go into the dictionary as a new definition for the word “ pusillanimous . ”
Advertisement
More pertinently , to oppose healthcare reform because a few of these people might slip through the sieve and end up getting a public handout to pay for health insurance is almost comically counterproductive .
Reforming our healthcare system is a matter of the utmost urgency , with huge implications for our economy , our industrial competitiveness and the health of millions of American men , women , and children .
Holding it hostage to a minor issue like public assistance to a few million illegal immigrants who probably would n’t benefit anyway is like allowing the fear of a paper cut to keep you from ever cracking open a book .
How about the well - heeled , voluntary uninsureds ?
Consider a 2007 “ fact sheet ” by Julia Seymour of the Business & Media Institute , an appendage of the right - wing Media Research Center .
Citing the 2005 edition of the census report , Seymour stated that “ there are 8.3 million uninsured people who make between $ 50,000 and $ 74,999 per year and 8.74 million who make more than $ 75,000 a year . ”
In other words , she said , “ that ’s roughly 17 million people who ought to be able to ‘ afford ’ health insurance because they make substantially more than the median household income of $ 46,326 . ”
She repeated this claim again in June .
Advertisement
In fact , the 2005 census report said nothing of the kind .
It said 17 million uninsured people lived in households with household income of $ 50,000 or more , a very different matter .
( The figure in the latest census report is 17.7 million . )
You see , a single household can have one person in it , or four , or 10 .
It can be one family , or two or four .
If one wage earner pulling down $ 50,000 shares an apartment with a spouse and three children , that ’s not five people each earning $ 50,000 as Seymour , in her confusion , would conclude -- it ’s a low - income family , which in many states would qualify for Medicaid .
A household with $ 75,000 in income could easily comprise two wage earners each making , say , $ 37,500 , which means they could be part - timers ineligible for employee coverage or full - timers working for small employers who do n’t offer it .
Seen in that light , Seymour ’s picture of wealthy wage - earners deliberately going insurance - naked withers away .
As hard as she and her ilk try to paint a picture of champagne - swilling yuppies playing dice with their health coverage , the facts are n’t on their side .
Advertisement
Next we come to low - income uninsureds who are eligible for public programs such as Medicaid or the Children ’s Health Insurance Program , but who have n’t signed up .
The critics claim they number somewhere between 11 million and 14 million and should n’t be counted among the uncovered 46 million .
They may be right about the numbers .
Underutilization of public programs is a well - known problem .
Indeed , a strong outreach component is written into H.R. 3200 , the Democratic healthcare reform bill , for exactly that reason .
Yet their complaint brims with irony .
Many of those who say we should n’t label people who do n’t make use of public programs as “ uninsured ” are the same people agitating against the public option in healthcare reform .
In other words , they ’re saying that up to 14 million Americans would n’t be uninsured if they just took advantage of , um , a public option .
Finally we come to the short - term uninsured .
The claim here is that as many as 80 % of all those who lose coverage regain it after as little as four months .
McBride , who has studied this issue , says that ’s a misunderstanding of statistical math based on the difference between the flow of people in and out of the uninsured cohort and the status of those without insurance at any given point of measurement .
Advertisement
Citing a study by the Congressional Budget Office , he observed that although half of those who become uninsured in a given year regain coverage within a few months , about 80 % of those who lack health insurance at a particular time end up being uninsured for more than 12 months , the definition of “ chronically uninsured . ”
In sum , the ranks of the uninsured are large , and with every employer who decides he can’t cover his workers anymore and every bump up in the unemployment rate , they grow larger .
They ca n’t be wished away , and if the opponents of reform were committed to an honest debate , they ’d stop trying .
--
Michael Hiltzik ’s column appears Mondays and Thursdays .
Advertisement
Reach him at michael.hiltzik@latimes.com , read him at www.latimes.com/hiltzik, and follow @latimeshiltzik on Twitter .
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
According to Stanley A. McChrystal , the top U.S. and NATO general in Afghanistan , “ The situation [ there ] is serious , but success is achievable and demands a revised implementation strategy , commitment and resolve , and increased unity of effort . ”
Gen. McChrystal is telling Congress what that really means :
To win the war - now in its eighth year - we will need 30,000 to 40,000 more troops on the ground and more cooperation from our friends and allies .
Suggested here - and as part of the “ revised implementation strategy ” - NATO should be thinking of new ways to ask the Russians for help .
Specifically , NATO should invite Russia to send a substantial number of regular and special - forces troops to Afghanistan to help bring the Taliban down once and for all .
Perhaps surprisingly , and if presented properly , it could be an attractive idea to the Russians as well , both for reasons of national pride and to help in their own wars against radicals in the Russian provinces .
Some history :
In 1979 , at perhaps the zenith of the Cold War , the old Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan and carried on a bloody war there for 10 years .
Because international politics were very different then and because the Russians were attempting to establish a communist regime , we aided the various forces from both inside and outside Afghanistan that opposed the Soviets .
Many of them were the same forces and factions that now are arrayed against us , albeit a generation or two removed .
As with many epic struggles , the ironies of past alliances are far less significant than the risks represented by present threats and political realities .
The fact is that most radical Islamic factions are united in their hatred of the West , including the post - USSR governments in Russia and in most of Eastern Europe .
Accordingly , the struggle in Afghanistan is every bit as significant a threat to the Russians as it is to us and to NATO Europe - and we should be aggressively pursuing their active partnership in the wars against it , especially in an important country that borders the former Soviet empire .
The important thing is that the reasons for their more direct involvement make very good sense today .
Furthermore , there are some new reports that they have approached NATO about getting a more prominent role in the Afghan war - they want to be involved in planning and intelligence activities , expanding their role from consenting to overflights and provide some logistic support .
They have pointed out that the threat from the Taliban is much closer to them than it is to NATO .
It ’s right .
We should take them up on it ; not only that , we should integrate Russian regular military and special forces into the fight .
How many Russian troops ?
That would have to be determined by mutual discussions between NATO and the Russian Ministry of Defense - or other appropriate authorities - as determined by the parties .
How many more total troops are needed in Afghanistan ?
The more the better at this stage in the war :
So far , the United States has more than 60,000 troops there and our allies have 35,000 .
And , so far , the Russians have been cool to the idea of actually sending troops - however , that leaves a lot of wiggle room for NATO negotiators as they work toward a more significant Russian role in the war .
As Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates said recently , we only have a limited time to successfully resolve the situation in Afghanistan before we risk losing the support of the American people .
Also , NATO ’s new secretary - general warned that a rush to withdraw from Afghanistan was “ not an option ” - this despite Western public opinion tiring of the war .
This means that the new strategy envisioned has to be a winner .
What better way to make it that than with a commitment from the Russians for a direct and more significant involvement in the war ?
Daniel Gallington is a senior fellow at the Potomac Institute for Policy Studies in Arlington .
Sign up for Daily Opinion Newsletter Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
DETROIT–Businessman Matt Allen crosses Warren Ave. in lower east Detroit and wades into a neighbourhood .
Houses and a high school once cluttered this block .
Now , there is nothing but calf - high grass and a few scruffy trees as far as you can see .
He is looking for houses .
" On that block there is one , " he says , pointing to a white clapboard house with a green Ford parked out front .
Its tires are gone , its back window smashed .
" On the next block there is none .
On that block there is none .
On that block there is none .
On that block there are three . "
Behind him , a rust - coloured cigar factory slumps empty , its windows broken .
A few blocks down there is a store , but it 's boarded up .
A man sits with a pit bull on the steps of a dilapidated house next door .
Its windows are covered with plywood .
" You 'll see a house over there that looks pretty good .
But look closer .
There 's a hole in the roof , " Allen says .
A whisper of sidewalk peeks out from beneath the grass .
A brown hawk flies overhead .
If you could n't see the letters " GM " on the top of a tower in the distance , you 'd think this was the country .
But it 's central Detroit – the equivalent of Leslieville in Toronto .
" From McDougall to Chene St. , from Warren all the way to Forest Ave. , this is 35 contiguous acres and there are five structures on the whole thing , " Allen says .
" See what I 'm saying ?
It gets real easy , real fast to do the math . "
The math adds up like this – Detroit was built for 1.8 million people .
Now , half that number live here .
Every third house is gone or empty .
The former residents are not coming back .
Instead of building yet another flashy casino , Allen is pitching a radical – and highly contentious – solution .
Empty whole parts of the city , dig up the concrete , yank down the light poles , and reclaim what was here before a guy named Henry Ford moved to town : farmland .
" This is relatively fertile clay loam , " says Michael Score , an agriculture adviser with Michigan State University .
It 's perfect , he says , for high - end horticultural crops .
Score has drafted a business plan for Hantz Farms , Allen 's company .
He spins around the field , describing what we'd see standing here in three years .
A number of greenhouses growing cucumbers , lettuce and tomatoes .
Rows of strawberries and raspberry bushes , where Detroiters will pick their own quarts .
Apple and cherry trees .
A wetland .
A field of sunflowers .
A block of Christmas trees .
What about those five houses ?
" If someone does n't want to move , we 'll farm around them , just like a farm in the country would , " Score says .
This is not some urban planning student 's master 's thesis .
Allen says they 've already begun assembling land to become the biggest urban farm in the world , to the horror of local activists .
The Hantz plan is to convert 2,024 hectares of mostly abandoned land into 120 - hectare farming " pods " across the city – each roughly the size of Canada 's Wonderland .
The farms would provide fresh fruit and vegetables to a city starved for them .
It would offer much - needed jobs to Detroiters .
And , most important to a city facing a $ 300 million deficit , it would cut out whole garbage truck routes and police patrol zones – costly budget items .
Urban farms would shrink the city in chunks , cutting out whole neighbourhoods like holes in a block of Swiss cheese .
" How do you take a crippled , post - industrial juggernaut and turn it into something else ? "
Allen says .
His answer is farm it .
" We 're creating a new model for 21st century cities . "
Detroit might seem an unlikely champion of urban agriculture , as the birthplace of the automobile and its farm - devouring offspring – urban sprawl .
But , it has become ground zero for North America 's local food movement .
Last year there were roughly 550 gardens in the city 's urban farming network .
This year there are more than 850 .
Driving around the city , you can see everything that will make up your dinner – chickens , goats , mushrooms , plum trees , honeybee hives .
I passed a whole block growing shoulder - high corn .
A horse grazes outside a barn behind a high school .
Edith Floyd parks her tractor behind her house – 12 kilometres from city hall , where bureaucrats are scrambling to catch up with the collard greens sprouting on street corners .
Here , a locavore does n't eat food that 's travelled 100 kilometres .
She eats food that 's travelled 10 .
" I picked these this morning , " Floyd says , carrying a laundry hamper filled with watermelons to her stand at the Wayne State University farmers ' market .
The chalkboard propped in front reads " Grown in Detroit . "
It 's enough to make Michael Pollan , author of local food manifesto The Omnivore 's Dilemma , swoon .
Why Detroit ?
The answer becomes clear a few minutes after pulling off one of the multiple interstate highways that are the city 's equivalent to subway lines .
You feel like you 've dropped into Miss Havisham 's dark , cobwebby parlour in Dickens ' Great Expectations – the uneaten cake an earthy mound on the dusty table , still waiting for the groom decades later .
Whole streets of once - ornate houses are collapsing .
Sprawling factories are fenced up , windows shattered .
You can see through the abandoned train station in the heart of the city .
Kids in school uniforms walk through pastures that yawn between the houses left standing .
While neighbours wait months for street parking permits in Toronto , Detroit has nothing but space .
Even the mayor , Dave Bing , has called half of Detroit vacant .
Once a symbol of industry , the Motor City is now a model for deindustrialization .
It 's been shrinking since the 1950s , when the Big Three auto companies were still raking in profits and art deco bank towers crowded downtown .
The cars that made Motor City also killed it , speeding inhabitants past the city - limit signs to its leafy suburbs even before the race riots of 1967 .
After the city burned for a week and 43 people died , there was a stampede to get out .
Detroit became a doughnut long before anyone had heard of the Wal - Mart effect .
What 's left today is in tatters .
Detroit boasts one of the highest crime rates of any American city .
Around half of Detroiters are n't in the labour force .
According to the Detroit Literacy Association , 47 per cent of the population can't read or write .
Most of the city is a food desert , where residents buy provisions in tins from convenience and liquor stores .
There 's not a chain grocery or big box store left in all the 357 square kilometres of Detroit .
That means to buy even basic supplies , like a bath towel , you have to leave town .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" There used to be a Polish - Italian bakery there , " Mark Covington says , pointing to his patch of broccoli and squash across the street .
He 's sitting in the window of a hollowed - out home where only two years ago , his kindergarten teacher lived .
Since she moved to a nursing home , " scrappers " have broken in and stripped away every bit of metal – the copper wires and pipes , the grates , the doorknobs .
A truck roared up at night , attached chains to the metal bars that still guarded the windows , and pulled them down .
" This was a nice mixed white - black neighbourhood when I was growing up , " says Covington , 37 .
" People started leaving . "
Two years ago , after losing his job as an environmental technician , Covington spent a week hauling garbage off the lots beside his home .
He then planted boxes of vegetables where neighbours once lived .
He named it the Georgia Street Community Garden and invited passersby to tuck in .
" People around here do n't have lights or gas , " he says , waving to a woman who has stopped to pick some cherry tomatoes .
" So what was better to grow – flowers or vegetables ? "
A woman up the street started sending her foster kids to help , and a movement was born .
Covington erected four white boards to show movies on Saturday nights .
He brought in chairs for reading sessions .
He started a backpack program and hosted a harvest dinner for 90 neighbours .
Last year , he bought his old teacher 's home and the derelict store next door for $ 1 from the city , and $ 4,000 in back taxes .
He plans to refurbish it into a community centre .
" We 're not just into farming .
We 're into community self - determination , " says Malik Yakini , one of the leaders of Detroit 's nascent farming movement .
The self - described " social architect " runs an Africentric school and chairs the Detroit Black Community Food Security Network .
He talks about food justice – where the community reaps both the nutritional and financial rewards of the food it buys .
His D - Town
Farm spans two acres of city parkland on Detroit 's western edge , where little bungalows with rusted awnings still line wide streets and a faded ice cream truck does laps of the yellowing boulevard .
The volunteer team running it sells its leafy greens and radishes to local restaurants and farmers markets .
Next year , it plans to hire two permanent employees .
" We 're trying to create an economic model , to show how agriculture could contribute to the economic recovery of Detroit , " Malini says , pushing into the brush to reveal a plastic greenhouse where oyster mushrooms will soon grow .
That model does n't include agribusiness .
Replacing General Motors with Cargill is n't the answer , he says .
" We 're activists .
We 're concerned with the health , vitality and well - being of the black community generally .
This is one part of a larger picture .
So any proposal that brings in the corporate sector and disempowers community is problematic for us , " says Yakini , who spearheaded the just - formed Detroit Food Policy Council .
" We 're much more in favour of smaller scale community - operated projects where people themselves have a vested interest and profit from the sale of the produce . "
Go to Europe , and you 'll trip over the remnants of all kinds of empires .
After the fall of the Berlin Wall , the German government moved residents to concentrated areas in cities like Leipzig and turned off the lights elsewhere .
But in North America , where people spend more time every year commuting to work than vacationing , the idea of planning decline is foreign .
" In the U.S. , everything is about reaching the next frontier .
Growth is progress , " says Karina Pallagst , director of the Shrinking Cities in a Global Perspective program at the University of California at Berkeley .
" So talking about shrinking is taboo .
It 's a very painful insight to say we have to cut back . "
Still , there are some local models .
Facing a population a third the size of its glory days , former steel hub Youngstown , Ohio , has offered to move residents out of dying neighbourhoods into denser ones , where city resources are concentrated .
It plans to demolish leftover homes , yank up street lamps and let nature take over .
" It 's like taking a segment of an orange out , " says Joe Berridge , a partner with Toronto 's Urban Strategies , which helped draft Youngstown's " right - sizing " plan .
Flint 's former acting mayor , Michael K. Brown , recently spoke about following suit and " shutting down quadrants of the city . "
While running for mayor last spring , Bing raised the prospect for Detroit .
" We 've got limited resources as a city , " his spokesperson Edward Cardinas says .
" We 're tying to figure out how to keep providing services . "
What 's different , in Detroit 's case , is the role of farming .
City planning officials have struck a working group to craft a vision for " agricultural urbanism " and corresponding legislation .
As it stands , all farms are technically illegal .
But facing a homicide a day , the city has been preoccupied .
Now , it is wondering if the ground beneath the crumbling pavement could be part of the solution .
The Hantz farm proposal is on Mayor Bing 's desk .
He 'll get to it once he figures out the budget , Cardinas says .
The potential is inspiring .
A recent study by Michigan State University sustainable agriculture professor Michael Hamm shows that by growing about 5 per cent of the extra fruit and vegetables Michigan residents should be eating to meet health standards , the state 's economy would gain $ 200 million and more than 4,000 jobs .
Much of that produce could be grown in Detroit – which by his calculations has 4,800 acres of vacant land , not including parks or right - of - ways .
" There 's a huge opportunity , " Hamm says .
" The lesson then is we can carve out green space and not think of agriculture as an outlying activity to cities .
It will be an integral component of a green city in the future . "
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com .
When employers do n't call you back , they could be too overwhelmed reviewing applications .
Is there any worse confidence killer than rejection ?
I think it goes back to childhood , when you want a new bike for your birthday but you end up getting a pack of tube socks instead .
You immediately wonder if you did something wrong and that 's why you did n't get what you wanted .
Go forward a few years when you end up taking your cousin to the prom because everyone else turned you down .
And the college years ?
Basically a parade of rejection that feels like an endless line of Rockette kicks to your confidence .
Or maybe that was just my experience .
Still , that same game of " Is it me or them ? " continues well into adulthood as you begin searching for a job .
You make a list of your best qualities , send them to employers , get dressed up and try to woo them in an interview .
Then you wait .
And wait .
And wait .
The phone never rings .
Job seekers want to know why they can seemingly do everything right , and yet , still they do n't hear back from employers .
We 're not talking about getting turned down for the job -- we 're talking about not even hearing a " Sorry , but the position has been filled . "
So we went to the source to find out .
Submitting the application
For a job seeker , the application process is full of anxiety and excitement .
When you 're looking for a job , each available position represents a possible new beginning .
Before you 've submitted an application , you 've already daydreamed about your first day on the job .
The problem is that to some employers , you 're just one in a dozen .
Or in some cases , one in 500 .
" In the current market , if you post a job , you will get buried with résumés , " says Matthew McMahon , partner at staffing firm McMahon Partners LLC .
" Maybe 5 percent are in the ballpark . "
This means plenty of hiring managers spend their time reading irrelevant applications that do n't help them find the right candidate .
As a result , they have less time for you .
" You simply do n't have time to respond to [ all applicants ] . "
To many job seekers this attitude may sound cold and impersonal .
After all , behind each of these applications is a person waiting for a return call .
McMahon cannot possibly respond to each one individually , but he does take the time to reach out to applicants who show promise .
" If somebody is close , but slightly off target , I will usually take the time to give them a call , learn about what they are looking for , tell them about the sort of roles I fill , and keep the notes for future use , " he says .
How about the ones who miss the mark completely ?
" If the person is n't even close ( or has not read the description ) , I do n't bother spending the time because they are obviously applying for everything , " he says .
Take that as further proof that throwing your application at every open position and hoping to have some success is not the way to conduct a job search .
Can you expect any changes soon ?
OK , so that 's how things are now , but can job seekers expect to have a more personal interaction with the hiring managers in the future ?
Possibly , says Caitrin O'Sullivan of iCIMS , a provider of software for HR companies to track recruiting activity and applications .
" If an organization , especially a medium or large one , were not leveraging an applicant tracking system , it 's difficult for job seekers to understand the magnitude of applications flooding recruiters [ and ] HR managers ' desks -- especially during a period of high unemployment , " O'Sullivan explains .
" Just visually scanning through all of these résumés can take hours upon hours of manpower , " O'Sullivan said .
" To have to communicate with every one of those applicants on top of that would be a truly formidable task . "
That 's not to say things will always be that way .
As someone on the forefront of tracking technology , O'Sullivan sees an increase in interest among companies who can and do keep job seekers updated at regular intervals .
" As more and more organizations are investing in and leveraging HR technology and [ applicant tracking systems ] , it is much easier for the HR team to automate and streamline that process and enable applicants to be aware of their status within the review process through those CRM tools , " O'Sullivan says .
Although not all employers currently use tools that allow for such tracking , it 's something that iCIMS has provided to human resources departments to benefit job seekers .
Until everyone gets on board , do n't expect to hear back from employers and know where you stand .
You 're always free to call an employer to check on the status of your application or to see if the position has been filled .
As long as you are courteous and do n't pester them , most companies will let you know one way or the other .
Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 .
All rights reserved .
The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority
All About Jobs and Labor
“ Death panels ” ?
I ’ll tell you about death panels .
My husband faced one some years ago , and it did n’t involve any government bureaucrat .
It was run by our private insurer , the sort of corporate entity that foes of health care reform say will give you anything you want .
My husband was diagnosed with liver cancer .
We were “ insured ” by United Healthcare .
The deal was as follows :
You had to use doctors on its list , but if you needed specialized care outside the network , United ’s health - maintenance organization would pay for it .
Fair enough .
A liver expert within the network said point blank that for my husband ’s case , there was but one place to go , a specialized chemotherapy program at Deaconess Hospital in Boston .
Fortunately , it was only 50 minutes away .
But United Healthcare refused to pay for it .
Instead , it directed us to a small , local hospital unequipped to deal with this kind of cancer .
Our liver specialist warned , “ Do n’t waste your time . ”
We naively tried to go through United Healthcare ’s appeals process .
We would call the number and speak to a handler who said our case would be reconsidered .
Days later , a one - sentence letter would arrive by slow mail saying that we were being denied , but call this number to challenge the verdict .
Around and around we went .
We could never speak to anyone making the decisions .
No one would even talk to our doctor , who at one point whispered to us , “ Mortgage the house . ”
I became convinced that the insurance company was trying to run out the clock on my husband ’s life .
Had it issued an outright “ no , ” we would have gone to Deaconess , paid for the care ourselves and fought the insurer later .
But it always pretended that a possible “ yes ” could be around the corner .
Having already lost precious time confronting this cancer , we simply rushed to Deaconess .
On hearing the story , the head of the chemo program told us : “ HMOs do n’t care whether you live or die .
They just want to save money . ”
My husband underwent the arduous chemo .
Meanwhile , powerful people were pulling strings for us with the insurer .
Upon learning we had “ connections , ” United Healthcare finally said it would pay .
The cancer came back .
This treatment was never a sure thing , but I often wonder how much the delay affected the outcome .
An ex-Marine , my husband was a tough customer .
Toward the end , he said to me , “ You know , fighting the insurance company was worse than fighting the cancer . ”
A year after my husband died , I was still receiving medical bills for some of the treatment that United Healthcare had agreed to cover .
Oh , they eventually paid .
The game is to break you down .
An economic note :
In 2006 , William “ Dollar Bill ” McGuire , CEO of parent - company UnitedHealth Group , walked off with a $ 1.1 billion golden parachute ( on top of the $ 500 million he had already raked in ) — though he had to return some of it in an options backdating scandal .
What we would n’t have done to have traded Dollar Bill ’s minions for a government bureaucrat .
The bureaucrat would have given a simple “ yes ” or “ no ” based on official guidelines .
He or she would have had no personal stake in denying you care .
By the way , a government - run program does n’t tell you what treatments you may or may not have .
It tells you what the taxpayers will subsidize .
You are free to go out with your own money and buy whatever you want .
We would have been prepared to do that .
Instead , we got tied up in a private insurer ’s web of tricks .
Believe me , “ death panels ” already exist , and they have nothing to do with the government .
They cut my tiles .
Not with a laser , but still CNC -- conventional cutting apparently gives a nicer edge .
Here is an assembled fractal .
Except for the three tips , all the pieces are the same shape .
Here is one of the tiling modes , looking slightly alien .
[ See also ]
Philadelphia police are trying to identify a woman jogger wearing an iPod who was crushed to death Wednesday night by a falling tree .
Chief Inspector Scott Small of Philadelphia
Police says a 30 - foot - long tree branch fell on the woman from 50 feet above as she ran at 6:35 p.m. on Forbidden Drive , a popular gravel trail through Wissahickon Valley Park in the Northwest part of the city .
Police suspect she did n’t hear it coming because of her iPod , which they could still hear playing when her dead body was found .
The mystery jogger sustained head injuries , what appears to be a broken neck and a compound fracture of her right leg .
The womanÂ police are looking for help to ID is described as white , in her late 20s or early 30s about 5 - feet - 5 and weighing 120 pounds .
Via Fox Philly , Philadelphia Inquirer
There was a strict warning not to carry more than five kilos of baggage on the little twin - prop plane from San Andrés to Providencia and I complied : what do you need on a tropical island , apart from bathers and a few T - shirts ?
But that was the sole regulation , and the customs officer at San Andrés airport happily waved me and my large glass of rum and coke through .
His British counterpart would have tazered me for carrying a bottle of water .
It was a fitting prelude .
Twenty minutes later , a few steps from Providencia 's short airstrip , I waved down a man in a big Chevy who took me , ever so slowly , to the little chalet I 'd booked from England .
He was a taxi driver , I guess , but he had no badge , no rooftop light and no urge to hustle for fares .
He said his name was Fed .
We made small talk and he remarked that he could n't cope with the hectic pace of San Andrés .
To put this into some kind of context , mainland Colombia is 100 times more laid - back than the UK .
Its most touristy Caribbean island , San Andrés , is a 12 km - long dot some 775 km to the north of the mainland , closer to the coastline of Nicaragua than to Colombia , and it 's best - known as a destination for divers and well - off families .
On my way back I spent a few hours there : it was convivial , full of beach bums , hassle - free .
But Providencia – which sits alongside San Andrés and is a third smaller – is something else .
It 's not just the absence of jets .
There are no millionaire yachting types , no all - inclusive resorts , no boat parties at dusk .
The lack of a proper airport keeps the island small and package - tour - free .
It is also culturally separate : Creole English is still the dominant language ( locals call the island Old Providence ) ; Colombia 's capital , Bogotá , has tried to impose Spanish ; and the population – and the local government – is black and of African descent .
Providencia has n't got the restaurants and resorts of Antigua or Jamaica .
What it offers instead is a sort of do - it - yourself Caribbean experience .
Shortly after checking in to my chalet I heard a loud thud – it was a windfall of mangoes landing on my roof .
I grabbed a couple and went down a small staircase to a jetty .
There was no one there – no boats in the water , no bars or kiosks .
I jumped in and swam in the tepid water .
Seeds from a cotton tree were floating all around , and beneath me hundreds of little black and yellow fish swam about .
Other than that , nothing .
My villa was part of a small complex run by a local firm .
We could have lunch or dinner there , or not , but one meal a day was included , and as you could bring your own booze it seemed a good deal .
On the first afternoon I strolled up to Morgan 's supermarket and picked up some decent Chilean wine and a bottle of Caldas rum .
Over the days I got to know the supermarket ladies , and tried their fried meat patties .
The only other shop , which I popped into during the evening , was a French - owned arts and crafts place that did good coffee , local moonshine and tasty fruit jams .
I 'd gone to Providencia with no preconceptions .
Indeed , I 'd made the convoluted trip to this corner of the Caribbean partly because I 'd never read anything about the island in the travel press .
Yet , by the end of the second afternoon , as I lay back in my hammock with a rum and coke in one hand and my copy of Killing Pablo ( Mark Bowden 's biography of the Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar ) in the other , I was thinking that I had landed , by chance , in paradise .
On a slow ( everything in Providencia is slow ) cruise by launch around the island 's 20 km of coast , I got to see the few highlights – rustic Manzanillo , the smarter South West beach , and the " capital " , Santa Isabel – as well as the stunted extinct volcanoes that run down its spine .
There was only one , biggish hill .
Its name : The Peak .
We also stopped by Santa Catalina , a tiny island connected to Providencia by a raised malecón or boardwalk known as Lover 's Bridge .
Here , the Rastafarian guide gave us some cursory history : the famous Welsh privateer Captain Henry Morgan – nephew of the lieutenant - governor of Jamaica – came to the archipelago in 1665 , and in tribute to him two rocky formations were known respectively as Morgan 's Head and Morgan 's Buttocks .
" Morgan planned his raids on the Spanish empire here , and people still say that there 's treasure hidden , " he said .
" But the British took it all , no doubt . "
He added that it was Morgan who frightened away the Armada , keeping up the link with Jamaica and Africa .
The guide also pointed out some churches – Baptist and Catholic – and a statue of Mary .
" The island 's only virgin , " he quipped .
It is a scruffy sort of island – at least on an overcast day – and the dusty , rain - starved slopes are in harmony with the shabby British colonial - style homesteads .
You still see pockets of traditional architecture in other Caribbean islands , but Providencia has had no encroachment from chain hotels or large - scale developments and , no doubt helped by its Unesco designation as the Seaflower Biosphere Reserve , it still looks raw and inviting .
At the north - eastern tip of the island , however , is a lump of rock that ticks any brochure boxes anyone might have in mind to fulfil their Caribbean fantasy .
Just a hundred metres or so in circumference and as tall as a three - storey house , Cayo Cangrejo ( Crab Cay ) is a pristine perfect islet covered in virgin palms and surrounded by rings of coral beneath shallow seas .
To work up a little sweat , I ran up to the top of the islet and was rewarded with a 360 - degree view of an expanse of sea , changing in hue from turquoise to emerald to royal blue , depending on the water 's depth and the shadows cast by the cumulus clouds above .
I 'd seen it from the plane , of course , but now it was right there beneath me , demanding exploration .
I grabbed a snorkel .
As part of the Parque Nacional McBean Lagoon , the waters here are filled with protected coral reefs and mangrove swamps ( the area has the world 's third - largest barrier reef ) , as well as lobsters , sea snails , bream , grouper , crab and dozens of other reef species .
I swam slowly through bath - still water and , even when I arrived on the windward side of the island , the current was barely a gentle push against my swimming stroke .
There were sponges , anemones , cardinal fish , parrotfish , angelfish , squirrel fish , and huge starfish .
A large , beautiful sea turtle scooted off when he saw me round one corner .
You could use scuba gear here but frankly , why bother ?
Visibility of 30 metres is no exaggeration and the water is about three metres deep – so I dived without the snorkel to see the starfish close up .
There was no need for mechanical clutter or compressed air .
The rest of the cruise around the island could n't match Cayo Cangrejo for wonders , but it was never less than deeply pleasant .
We stopped at beaches for swims and cocktails and fresh seafood .
Reggae was playing in most of the beach shacks – Colombia loves its salsa and cumbia music , but here the locals still think of themselves as fully Caribbean .
The sand was gritty and rough , so on one beach we did some DIY exfoliating ; elsewhere in the Caribbean you 'd go to a spa and pay for some variation on this .
Then a storm rolled in and we swam in the surf under the rain , with a magical yellow - grey sky above us and a strange calmness in the water even as powerful gusts skimmed over its surface .
That evening , back at the resort , armed with my bottle of Chilean Sauvignon Blanc , I strolled down to the open - air restaurant for a dinner of grilled grouper with rice , beans and fresh salad .
Some kind of variation on this was , to be honest , the only dinner the place offered , though one evening I requested a spicy sauce and the kitchen prepared me a sort of jerk dip .
It was n't fiery hot like the stuff I 've eaten in Jamaica and Brixton ; the people of Old Providence do n't much go in for being startled by food , or by anything else .
Despite greyish skies , I 'd acquired a serious tan , or at least the glowing first phase of one .
May is low season , when Colombian kids are at school and the seasonal rains begin .
But the few showers I experienced were very welcome , falling as they did in the late afternoons when the cicadas began to panic .
Providencia is , generally , off the hurricane trail that regularly sweeps through Cuba , Florida and the Antilles , and the low - slung buildings and vernacular architecture withstand storms better than the Cancún - style tower blocks that dot the rest of the Caribbean .
Over four days , island life lulled me into a pleasant routine .
Everyone travelled around on little scooters and dinners were plain grilled fish with rice and beans .
Locals on the nearby beach had a smile and time to chat , between caulking boats and mending fishing nets .
There was , however , one minor miracle to observe come nightfall .
By a fluke I 'd arrived during the crab migration , and every night at around 7 pm , hundreds of thousands of black crabs – which are huge , and frighteningly clawsome – made the trip from the woods to the beach to lay their eggs .
An army of them hobbled across the main coast road – a barrier kept the cars away – occasionally scrapping for a patch of land or struggling to climb a kerb .
The spectacle was endlessly engaging .
Providencia was living up to my initial impression of paradise .
But , of course , all Caribbean islands try to sell us the fantasy of an Eden on earth .
Local tour guide Jennifer Archbold Ramirez explained to me , " People are always trying to buy the land here , so they can build multi-story hotels and flash resorts , but we are fighting to keep them out .
It 's not easy , but we want to manage this at our own pace , in our own way . "
Providencia was all about pace .
I really do n't remember the last time I switched off to such a degree .
Imagine a place with no mobile reception , no internet cafe other than in the main urban area , no shops , no chains of any kind , no chefs , no TVs in the bedrooms .
Less is more , nothing is everything .
Providencia by name and by nature .
Colombia being off the map for so many years has ensured this island 's isolation from Latin America 's anxious , often half - baked urge for European - style development .
On my final morning the windfall mangos woke me up , and Fed came to drive me to the airport .
To my small bag of T - shirts and bathers I had added a pot of tropical fruit jam .
In Madrid airport on the way back , a customs officer took my jam off me .
She was a jobsworth , a European , the sort of Spanish bureaucrat that built Latin America .
They never got Old Providence , though , and now I toast that gorgeous little island , as well as Henry Morgan 's head and buttocks , every time I pour a rum and coke .
Essentials
Journey Latin America ( 020 8747 8315 ; journeylatinamerica.co.uk ) offers a seven - night holiday visiting Colombia 's capital .
Bogotá , and Providencia from £ 1,657 including flights from the UK , half - board accommodation in Providencia , B&B accommodation in Bogotá and airport transfers .
The crab migration takes place in early May and lasts around two weeks .
More treasures of the Caribbean
Isla de la Juventud , Cuba
Cuba 's second - largest island lies directly south of Havana .
The " Isle of Youth " is famously friendly and it's easy to get off the beaten track .
Punta Francés is a top scuba - diving spot and there are swathes of wilderness in the southern half of the island .
Hotels on Isla de la Juventud are limited so it 's best to use one of the homestays ( casas particulares ) in the capital , Nueva Gerona .
• Local airline Cubana flies from Havana for $ 80 return .
A two - hour catamaran trip from Batabanó , 44 miles south of Havana , costs $ 50 return ( 00 537 834 4446 ; cubana.cu ) ; casaparticular.com links to hundreds of accommodation websites .
Puerto Rico
Since the embargo on tourism in Cuba , Puerto Rico has been middle - class America 's main Spanish Caribbean option .
The capital , San Juan , is a vibrant city with a pretty colonial core and while it has plenty of shopping malls , luxury hotels and glitzy casinos , it also has cool restaurants and great nightlife .
In the interior , there are crumbling colonial towns , coffee plantations and tropical rainforests , while the coast is full of dive sites .
• From 7 November Virgin Atlantic flies from London Gatwick to San Juan , via Antigua , every Saturday until 24 April 2010 ( 0844 209 7777 ; virgin-atlantic.com ) .
Isla Mujeres , Mexico
According to Mayan legend , this beautiful little island a short ferry ride from Cancún was used for fertility ceremonies .
There are some good seafood and fish restaurants and lovely crushed - coral beaches .
Day visitors leave around 5 pm , when and it gets far calmer – and local shops begin to close .
• Express ferries take 15 minutes from Puerto Juarez and Gran Puerto Cancún ( 30 - and 60 - minute taxi rides from the airport ) and cost $ 35 per person .
The car ferry from Punta Sam costs $ 130 per car , $ 12.50 per driver and $ 14 per passenger .
See isla-mujeres.net .
Ambergris Caye , Belize
It 's nowhere near as gritty or edgy as the mainland but this miniature , palm - fronded paradise can be a welcome retreat .
Speedboats go from Belize City and the tiny capital , San Pedro Town , has some great guesthouses , as well as cheesy themed resorts .
There 's not much to do but kick back in a hammock , ride around on a golf cart and take the short boat trip out to one of the world 's greatest coral reefs for scuba diving or snorkelling .
• Maya Island
Air flies daily from Belize City for $ 67 return ( 00 501 223 0734 ; mayaregional.com ) .
Water taxis to San Pedro run daily for $ 20 return .
White House officials are increasingly worried liberal , anti-war Democrats will demand a premature end to the Afghanistan war before President Barack Obama can show signs of progress .
W.H. fears liberal war pressure
White House officials are increasingly worried liberal , anti-war Democrats will demand a premature end to the Afghanistan war before President Barack Obama can show signs of progress in the eight - year conflict , according to senior administration sources .
These fears , which the officials have discussed on the condition of anonymity over the past few weeks , are rising fast after U.S. casualties hit record levels in July and August .
Advertisement
The aides also expressed concern that Afghan election returns , still being tallied , will result in a narrow reelection for President Hamid Karzai that could result in qualms about his legitimacy — “ Tehran II , ” as one official put it , in reference to the disputed Iranian election .
The result : some think Afghanistan — not health care — will be the issue that defines the early years of the Obama administration .
“ There ’s no question that the drumbeat is going to get louder and louder on the left , and you ’ll see some fall - off on the right , ” said Matt Bennett of the think tank Third Way , the moderate voice of the progressive movement .
“ His supporters on the Hill are fighting a really serious political battle to keep the criticism under control . ”
The Afghanistan conflict , which has gotten relatively little attention in part because Obama talks far more often about domestic concerns , is roaring back to the top of the Obama agenda as Congress is about to return from weeks of meetings with often unhappy voters .
Sen . Russ Feingold ( D - Wis. ) last week called for a timetable to pull U.S. troops out of Afghanistan — the same tactic he and other war opponents used to build congressional support for forcing an end to the Iraq war .
But Obama officials — including National Security Adviser James Jones and Defense Secretary Robert Gates — know the problem is much bigger than Feingold and timetables .
They anticipate a growing number of anti-war liberals will call , with increasing force , for an end to the conflict when lawmakers return .
Cost could become an issue , too .
With deficits high , there will be heavy pressure on Obama to find savings somewhere in 2010 — and war critics see Afghanistan as a good place to start .
George F. Will opened a new fissure among conservatives with a column Tuesday calling for the U.S. to pull all ground troops out of Afghanistan , on the theory on the French general Charles de Gaulle that genius “ sometimes consists of knowing when to stop . ”
But it ’s Democratic opposition that could force Obama to retreat on what he has called a " war of necessity . "
To try to salve critics , the administration has been developing a series of numerical indicators , scheduled to be sent to Capitol Hill by Sept. 24 , that are designed to sharpen U.S. goals by measuring everything from civilian deployments to the proportion of the Afghan population that is secured .
Pentagon press secretary Geoff Morrell told POLITICO : “ We have to show the American people that all this effort , all these resources , all these lives are making a difference . ”
White House officials expect that a whole new national conversation about what the U.S. is doing in Afghanistan , and how , will be prompted by recommendations for strategy adjustments that Army Gen.
Stanley McChrystal , the U.S. commander in Afghanistan , made in an assessment of the war that went to the Pentagon on Monday and is likely to be delivered to the White House in the next week .
McChrystal held off from requesting additional troops in the assessment , but administration officials expect he will ask for at least 10,000 more soldiers and Marines later this fall , on top of the 20,000 additional troops Obama authorized in February and March .
“ Our point here is : Let ’s see what ’s working , and what ’s not , and base it on the facts , not a gut instinct that most commanders have , that more is better , ” a senior administration official said .
“ We ’re prepared to shift and adjust , depending on what we see work .
We need to let this strategy take hold , and see what we ’re doing well , and if there are deficiencies , before coming in with any requests for additional resources . ”
Nevertheless ,
White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said at Monday ’s briefing : “ I think there 's broad agreement that for many years our effort in Afghanistan has been under - resourced politically , militarily , economically . ”
Liberal
House members have already made it clear they will balk at future funding requests , but now the administration is trying to make sure that leaders and key committee chairmen do n’t also lose their stomach for the conflict after two months in a row of record U.S. casualties since the 2001 invasion .
“ It does n’t need to be victory in 12 months to 18 months — that ’s not realistic , ” a top administration official said .
“ But the American people needed to have a sense that we are moving in the right direction .
We need to bring about noticeable change on the ground .
We have to start to show progress . ”
Bennett , of Third Way , said Americans need to recognize that the situation Obama inherited in Afghanistan “ is as bad as the economy was — heading off the rails in just as dramatic a way . ”
“ In both cases , the president took a bunch of action very quickly to get back on track , and it will take time to show benefits , ” Bennett said .
But unlike with the economy , there are few signs of “ green shoots ” in Afghanistan .
In August , U.S. deaths in Afghanistan passed 50 for the first month since the 2001 invasion , adding to administration worries about keeping key lawmakers on board .
A senior official said the White House always “ knew it was going to get worse before it got better . ”
“ These casualties , as gut - wrenching as they are , are not a surprise to anyone , ” the official said .
“ When you put in 20,000 additional forces and you deploy them to regions of the country that had been untouched by coalition forces for a long time — had been basically ceded to the Taliban — it ’s not at all unexpected that that would then result in difficult confrontations , and American and coalition lives lost .
But , ultimately , by going after the Taliban in these strongholds , it ’ll turn the tide in those areas . ”
LeAlan Jones , the 30 - year - old Green Party candidate for Barack Obama ’s old Senate seat in Illinois , is as angry at injustice as he is at the African - American intellectual and political class that accommodates it .
He does not buy Obama ’s “ post - racial ” ideology or have much patience with African - American leaders who , hungry for prestige , power and money , have , in his eyes , forgotten the people they are supposed to represent .
They have confused a personal ability to be heard and earn a comfortable living with justice .
“ The selflessness of leaders like Malcolm X , Dr. Martin Luther King , Harold Washington and Medgar Evers has produced selfishness within the elite African - American leadership , ” Jones told me by phone from Chicago .
“ This is the only thing I can do to have peace of mind , ” he said when I asked him why he was running for office .
“ I am looking at a community that is suffering because of a lack of genuine concern from their leaders .
This is n’t about a contract .
This is n’t about a grant .
This is n’t about who gets to stand behind the political elite at a press conference .
This is about who is going to stand behind the people .
What these leaders talk about and what needs to happen in the community is disjointed . ”
Jones began his career as a boy making radio documentaries about life in Chicago ’s public housing projects on the South Side , including the acclaimed “ Ghetto Life 101 . ”
He knows the world of which he speaks .
He lives in the troubled Chicago neighborhood of Englewood , where he works as a freelance journalist and a high school football coach .
He is the legal guardian of a 16 - year - old nephew .
And he often echoes the denunciations of black leaders by the historian Houston A. Baker Jr. , who wrote “ Betrayal : How Black Intellectuals Have Abandoned the Ideals of the Civil Rights Era . ”
Baker excoriates leading public intellectuals including Michael Eric Dyson , Henry Louis Gates Jr. , Shelby Steele , Yale law professor Stephen Carter and Manhattan Institute fellow John McWhorter , saying they pander to the powerful .
He argues they have lost touch with the reality of most African - Americans .
Professor Gates ’ statement after his July 16 arrest that “ what it made me realize was how vulnerable all black men are , how vulnerable are all poor people to capricious forces like a rogue policemen ” was a stunning example of how distant from black reality many successful African - American figures like Gates have become .
These elite African - American figures , Baker argues , long ago placed personal gain and career advancement over the interests of the black majority .
They espouse positions that are palatable to a white audience , positions which ignore the radicalism and structural critiques of inequality by W.E.B. Du Bois , Martin Luther King Jr. and Malcolm X .
And in a time when , as the poet Yusef Komunyakaa has said , “ the cell block has replaced the auction block , ” they do not express the rage , frustration and despair of the black underclass .
The conditions for black men and women in America are sliding backward , with huge numbers of impoverished and unemployed removed from society and locked up .
Baker acidly calls this “ the disappearing ” of blacks .
The unemployment rate in most inner cities is in the double digits , and segregation , especially in city schools and wealthy states like New Jersey , is the norm .
African - American communities are more likely to be red - lined by banks and preyed upon by unscrupulous mortgage lenders , which is why such a high percentage of foreclosures are in blighted , urban neighborhoods .
The Village Voice ’s recent exposé that detailed brutal and sometimes fatal beatings of black and Hispanic prisoners by guards at New York ’s Rikers Island was a window into a daily reality usually not seen or acknowledged by the white mainstream .
“ I have three people within my immediate family that are men that have come home within the last 24 to 36 months from being incarcerated , ” Jones said .
“ They are tired of going to jail .
They do n’t want to go to jail anymore .
But there are no jobs .
What service can they provide ?
My belief is those individuals coming home , these ex-felons , have more credibility to stop the violence in the inner city than the police do .
It is their sons and nephews and their immediate families that are being the provocateurs of that violence .
But if we are asking them to stop crime , what incentive are we providing them to do that ? ”
“ How much money did the American economy lose because of the derivatives and the credit default swaps ? ” he asked .
“ There have been only two men prosecuted for that level of crime , Bernard Madoff and Allen Stanford .
How much is the drug industry worth in the United States ?
It is not worth $ 45 trillion .
How many African - American and Hispanic men are incarcerated for being the same kind of capitalist ?
If we swap dope for derivatives there would n’t be a Wall Street because they would be behind bars .
If we prosecute derivatives the same way you prosecute dope , which is not different in how it undermines a family , Wall Street would n’t exist . ”
“ A bunch of guys on Wall Street have done more to devastate the white community than any black man ever could , ” he added .
“ I would have bailed out the pension funds , retirement funds , 401 ( k ) s and funds attached to everyday people .
If Wall Street and the banks could n’t survive , they could n’t survive , but the people ’s money would not have been impacted .
If you would have killed personal wealth you would have killed personal wealth .
They took the pension funds of state , city and local governments and misappropriated that capital .
How can you reward them on the front end when they messed up the people ’s money on the front end ?
”
“ The only difference between the world of high finance and drug dealers are the commodities they deal , ” he added .
“ The mentality is the same . ”
The most prominent faces of color , such as Obama and his attorney general , Eric Holder , mask an insidious new racism that , in essence , tells blacks they have enough , that progress has been made and that it is up to them to take advantage of what society offers them .
And black politicians and intellectuals , including Obama and Gates , are the delivery systems for the message .
We blame the victims , those for whom jobs and opportunities do not exist , while we orchestrate the largest transfer of wealth upward in American history .
We sustain with taxpayer dollars a power elite and oligarchy that is responsible for dismantling the manufacturing base and social service programs which once gave workers and their families hope .
Apologists for the system call their demands for black personal responsibility “ tough love . ”
But the stance , music to the ears of the white elite , is to Baker and Jones morally indefensible .
It ignores the harsh reality visited on the poor by the cruelty of unfettered capitalism .
It ignores the institutional racism that makes sure the poor remain poor .
“ The most published and publicized blacks on the American public scene today are well - dressed , comfortably educated , sagaciously articulate , avowedly new age , and resolutely middle class … , ” Baker wrote .
“ The evolution of their relationship to the black majority during the past three decades can be summed up in a single word : good - bye ! ”
“ Things are deteriorating , ” Jones said of the inner city .
“ There are no natural relationships because of the decentralization of the street gangs .
You do n’t have a leadership structure that can be talked to by members of the community to bring peace .
You have basically guerrilla warfare going on in the inner city of Chicago .
There is no structure or hierarchy where you can go talk to one person in the neighborhood that can then go down the pecking order to bring peace .
You have different groups that have different motivations , and that factionalism is at the base of the violence .
But there is no alternative when you do n’t have jobs , when you have an educational system that has failed and bad home environments . ”
Jones said Obama ’s silence was illustrated during a recent fundraising trip to Chicago .
The president called Chicago White Sox pitcher Mark Buehrle to congratulate him for pitching a perfect game .
Obama made no comment , however , about the shooting of nine people in Chicago , including a 9 - year - old girl , a few days earlier .
“ When Barack Obama does not speak to these issues , it is almost a double devastation to a certain degree , ” he said .
“ It is different if President Bush does n’t say anything or Bill Clinton does n’t say anything .
But when Barack Obama ca n’t say the obvious , it does a double devastation to those young men who wanted to hope and wanted to believe in the system to redress these issues . ”
August Wilson wrote his last play , “ Radio Golf , ” about the black elite that sold out the African - American community in exchange for personal power and wealth .
He portrayed them as tools and puppets of the white mainstream .
It was the final salvo from one of the country ’s most courageous playwrights on behalf of the forgotten .
The show , despite being named best American play by the New York Drama Critics Circle and earning a Tony nomination for best play , was one of the least attended shows on Broadway and closed after less than two months .
There are African - American leaders and writers with Wilson ’s integrity who have refused to accommodate an economic and political system that increasingly punishes the poor , especially the poor of color , but you do not see them on CNN or writing Op - Ed pieces in The New York Times .
Dick Gregory , James Cone of Union Theological Seminary , Thulani Davis , Komunyakaa , Angela Davis , Baker and Ishmael Reed still harbor the radical fire of our greatest civil rights leaders .
And , of course , there is Harry Belafonte , whose invitation to speak at the funeral of Coretta Scott King was withdrawn so President George W. Bush , whom Belafonte had called a “ terrorist , ” would not be offended when he spoke there .
This last slight illustrates how craven many in the black elite , including some of Dr. King ’s children , have become and how hard it is to hear the anguished cries of those being beaten down in the age of Obama .
Courtiers come in different colors in America but their function is the same .
They are hedonists of power .
They are invited into the inner circles of the elite , including the White House and Harvard University , as long as they faithfully serve the system .
They are offered comfort and privilege , but they pay with their souls .
“ Loose and easy language about equality , resonant resolutions about brotherhood fall pleasantly on the ear , ” Dr. Martin Luther King once said , “ but for the Negro , there is a credibility gap he cannot overlook .
He remembers that with each modest advance , the white population promptly raises the argument that the Negro has come far enough .
Each step forward accents an ever - present tendency to backlash . ”
Repay your debt over a three - to five - year period according to a ...
Law Offices Of Steadman Law Firm . P.A. ,
The Steadman Law Firm , P.A. , bankruptcy attorney Charleston , S.C. , serves clients throughout the Lowcountry , including the communities of Edisto Island , Charleston , Daniel Island , Goose Creek , Hanahan , Isle of Palms , Ladson , Moncks Corner , Mount Pleasant , North Charleston , St. Andrews , Sullivan ’s Island , Summerville , West Ashley , Myrtle Beach , Georgetown , Conway , Walterboro and Cottageville , as well as Berkeley County , Beaufort County , Charleston County , Colleton County , Dorchester County , Horry County and Georgetown County .
Call to Schedule Your Initial Consultation
Contact our office today to discuss your situation with a bankruptcy attorney .
We are available during regular business hours and by appointment at other times .
For your convenience , we offer payment plans for our clients who need them .
Our founding attorney , Richard A. Steadman Jr. , has more than 38 years of experience in the practice of law .
He will represent you at all meetings and hearings involved with your case .
He personally handles every aspect of your legal matter , from the filing of the petition to the conclusion of your case .
Passengers hang on the port side of the SuperFerry 9 before it sank off Zamboanga del Norte in the Philippines .
More than 800 people were plucked from the vessel , but at least 88 remained unaccounted for
Credit : REUTERS
Columnist and presidential speechwriter Bill Safire was one of only three non-disloyal Jews President Nixon could name .
Here is the speech he drafted for Nixon to read in case the Apollo 11 Astronauts became stranded on the moon !
It is a wonderful piece of alternate universe American history , in which President Nixon had to explain to a nation that Buzz Aldrin and Neil Armstrong were going to die on the moon .
By Matthew Price
BBC News , Laredo , Texas
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Prisoner number 1447523 does not understand the question .
And it is not exactly a controversial one .
Why does he believe killing for a living is " glamorous " ?
Surely most people would find that kind of strange ?
" Kind of strange ?
In what way ? "
Prisoner 1447523's name is Rosalio Reta .
He was born and raised in Texas .
By the age of 13 he was an assassin for one of Mexico 's drug cartels .
" It 's a job man .
You gotta do something for a living . "
' No way out '
Now 20 , Rosalio Reta is sitting on the other side of a thick glass window , speaking into a telephone handset in the visiting area of a Texas prison .
Convicted of two murders ( he says he killed many more ) , he will probably spend the rest of his life behind bars .
Reta lived in the city of Laredo , on the border with Mexico .
He ran away from home when he was 11 , was put into a juvenile correction facility , released , and then left home again .
Hanging around with his friends in Mexico ( in the border areas many people frequently cross over on business and pleasure ) , one told him his brother worked for a cartel .
The reality is there are gangs trying to recruit our kids
Joe Espinoza
Anti-gang worker " I thought it was cool .
Got involved .
That 's how everything started .
There 's no way out once you get in . "
Rosalio Reta is perhaps the most extreme example of a worrying trend : American teenagers being recruited to work for the Mexican drug cartels that control a multi-billion dollar trade .
What concerns law enforcement officials , and those working to keep teenagers out of the cartels ' grip , is that this is not simply a case of the cartels preying upon American teens - many actively want to join .
Joe Espinoza 's footsteps echo down the school corridor .
He can hear children chattering in a classroom .
Inside his office is a display of bandanas , baseball caps , rosaries and red t- shirts .
Lots of red T - shirts .
" Gang paraphernalia , " he says .
Mr Espinoza 's job is to stop Laredo 's schoolchildren joining the city 's street gangs , or to encourage them to leave .
He tries to catch them early , when they are just eight or nine years old .
" The reality is there are gangs trying to recruit our kids , " he says .
Without education , he believes , children " may end up in a prison gang .
And eventually they will end up in the cartels . "
Powerful interests Martin Riso was 10 when he joined his gang .
At first , he says , " it 's just a neighbourhood thing here .
It gives you a sense of belonging . "
But , he adds , " joining a gang eventually will take you to a place where you deal with a lot more things than just throwing your colours , or running your streets .
You start dealing drugs out of Laredo .
Eventually from some places people end up being hit - men .
It keeps escalating . "
When Mr Riso was 15 he decided he needed to get out of the gang .
Mr Espinoza helped him , as he has so many others .
But he is fighting a battle against very powerful interests .
Mexico 's cartels are multi-billion dollar enterprises , feeding off the US 's addiction to illegal narcotics .
Trying to get the anti-gang message across in Laredo 's schools Teenagers are useful to them .
In Texas , under - 17s cannot be prosecuted as adults , so if they are caught working for the cartels , they often get away with light punishment .
Laredo lies on an important highway , Route 35 , which leads up from the border to the rest of the US .
The cartels use Laredo 's street gangs to control the border and the highway .
It is a tactic employed along the border in other communities and , the police believe , across the country .
" It 's all over the United States , " investigator Mario Soria says .
" Any major city with gang influence , you 'll find the [ cartel ] control . "
A large man , with a pistol on his right hip , Officer Soria has been working Laredo 's streets for more than two decades , with mixed results .
He points out some graffiti .
" This tells me this is a Latin King area , " he says , referring to one of the town 's prominent gangs .
It 's just a short walk from the river that marks the border with Mexico .
The Latin Kings " are part of the organisation now .
The cartel knows they can trust this gang here . "
Less violence Despite the cartels ' influence , Laredo 's authorities feel they are making progress .
The killings that teenagers like Rosalio Reta carried out two or three years ago are less common - though they do still happen .
Violence is down .
Still , says Officer Soria : " I do n't think we will ever stop it . "
Neither , back in his prison , does Rosalio Reta .
" Where I 'm from , man , there 's only a couple of things you can be , and being part of a cartel is one of them .
" A lot of people wanna get involved in the cartels and that .
Honestly , there are a lot of people who will look up to me . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
NBC News president Steve Capus fired back at Americans for Limited Government Friday , after the conservative group published an email allegedly from NBC producer Jane Stone to its director of media outreach Alex Rosenwald , with one line : “ Bite me Jew Boy . ”
“ I ’m still in shock , and outraged that this reckless organization would go out with such a defamatory , irresponsible statement , ” Capus told POLITICO .
“ We have done a complete email analysis , all of our IT , all of our records . ”
Here 's what both sides agree on : Stone responded Thursday to a mass email from ALG .
But Stone ’s response email — provided to POLITICO — did not have any anti-Semitic comment .
In fact , it had just one line : “ Take me off this list ! ”
“ Somebody , on the other end , I ’m assuming , took the return stamp from the email and then put in this hateful message , ” Capus said .
“ I do n’t know who did it .
It ’s outrageous to suspect that somebody from NBC News would do it . ”
Capus said he contacted the group and asked them to rescind the press release that accompanied publication of the email .
He said that ALG would not agree , and the instead responded with a “ politically - fueled rant against NBC , and a completely irresponsible diatribe . "
Stone is a 15 - year employee at NBC , and also teaches at NYU .
( In full disclosure : I took her class on “ Press Ethics " in spring 2004 , and was therefore shocked by the allegations made by ALG ) .
You can see ALG 's version of the email here on their website .
I ’m including the email Stone sent ALG — which NBC verifies — here , with version ALG says it received .
From : Stone , Jane ( NBC Universal )
Sent : Thursday , September 24 , 2009 1:57 PM
To : ' [ email protected ] '
Subject : Re : ALG Calls on Congress to " Put Up or Shut Up " on Defunding ACORN
Take me off this list !
--------------------------
Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld
From : Stone , Jane ( NBC Universal ) [ [ email protected ] ]
Sent : Thursday , September 24 , 2009 1:57 PM
To : Alex Rosenwald
Subject : Re : ALG Calls on Congress to " Put Up or Shut Up " on Defunding ACORN
Bite me Jew boy !
--------------------------
Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld
UPDATE : Carter Clews , Director of Communications for Americans for Limited Government , has issued a statement following Capus ' interview with POLITICO .
And NBC has put out an official statement , too Both are after the jump .
We at Americans for Limited Government are saddened that instead of helping us to get to the bottom of the hateful email that was indeed sent from NBC 's server , and this can be verified , and was not tampered with , which can also be verified , that NBC President Steve Capus has instead chosen to circle the wagons and protect what is indefensible with hysterical , frantic accusations .
This email has left a digital footprint that is undeniable .
We did our due diligence .
We have confirmed that it indeed came from NBC 's server and Jane Stone 's email address .
As before , we renew our offer that we made to both Ms. Stone and NBC President Capus over the phone today to get to the bottom of who sent this email from Ms. Stone 's Blackberry email address .
That offer remains open , and we would like it very much if both Ms. Stone and NBC would issue an apology to both Americans for Limited Government , and Mr. Alex Rosenwald , who was the target of this hateful email .
UPDATE 2 : NBC 's statement :
Americans for Limited Government has chosen to launch an outrageous , reckless attack and smear campaign against an NBC News employee .
Faced with irrefutable evidence that our employee did nothing more than ask to be removed from an email mailing list , the organization has maliciously published a fabricated email .
Our employee never sent any such email ..
She is completely innocent of the outrageous charges and is being used by an organization to make a self - serving point .
This is a shameless , hateful and defaming act which should be roundly denounced .
( Correction Initially , it appeared the dashes in the two emails were of different lengths , but I was wrong .
In the same format , they 're equal )
comments closed
permalink
TOKYO — Cosplayers , the fans who dress up in costumes inspired by their favorite videogame characters , spend long hours creating their intricately detailed outfits .
See also : Scenes From the Peripatetic Tokyo Game Show
Hands On With Tokyo Game Show's Hottest New Games
–>
When they strut their stuff at the Tokyo Game Show , cosplayers do n't just wander the halls — they stand in practiced poses in a designated cosplay area .
Many of them assume their carefully chosen stances all day , getting their pictures taken by hundreds of other fans .
They carry meishi , or business cards , with their pictures , personal info and URLs of personal websites offering even more photos .
But things do n't get too personal :
The cosplayers go by pseudonyms , to avoid having their real identities found out by fans .
Here are some of the more fantastic cosplayers at this year 's Tokyo Game Show .
The day after President Obama delivered his healthcare address to a joint session of Congress , the Family Research Council hosted its own healthcare webcast featuring Congressional Republicans like Senator Jim DeMint and Rep.
Chris Smith along with right - wing activists like Ken Blackwell , Harry Jackson , and Mat Staver .
FRC has now released a short video featuring the highlights of that event during which participants worked to spread the right - wing lies about healthcare reform leading to rationing ( aka “ death panels ” ) , with Rep .
Smith saying it would be devastating to those who are “ fragile , frail , elderly , or chronically ill . ”
The video is capped off by House Republican Leader John Boehner telling FRC ’s right - wing activists to “ keep it up , ” saying that “ we ’ve got to keep the American people engaged in this .
I will guarantee that if the American people stay engaged in this fight , they will win ” :
The music radio site Last.fm is one of the great ideas from the UK during the first dotcom boom .
Users can listen to their own songs and other tracks recommended by Last . fm 's algorithms based on their tastes , including iTunes , and those of friends .
It could easily have been a one - trick pony .
But now a few academics have applied its serendipity to scientific research .
Why can't researchers , instead of waiting anywhere up to three years for their papers to jump all the hurdles , be part of a real - time market place – a fusion of iTunes and Last . fm for science ?
They pitched the idea , among others , to two of Last . fm 's investors : Spencer Hyman and Stefan Glaenzer , newly enriched by the sale of Last. fm to CBS .
They bought into the idea of using the site 's principles to aggregate users ' data ( anonymously ) while building up a databank of articles .
Now the show is on the road and expanding fast .
It is free , but a premium version will be added soon .
How does it work ?
At the basic level , students can " drag and drop " research papers into the site at mendeley.com , which automatically extracts data , keywords , cited references , etc , thereby creating a searchable database and saving countless hours of work .
That in itself is great , but now the Last . fm bit kicks in , enabling users to collaborate with researchers around the world , whose existence they might not know about until Mendeley 's algorithms find , say , that they are the most - read person in Japan in their niche specialism .
You can recommend other people 's papers and see how many people are reading yours , which you can't do in Nature and Science .
Mendeley says that instead of waiting for papers to be published after a lengthy procedure of acquiring citations , they could move to a regime of " real - time " citations , thereby greatly reducing the time taken for research to be applied in the real world and actually boost economic growth .
There are lots of research archives .
For the physical ( but not biological ) sciences there is ArXiv , with more than half a million e-papers free online – but nothing on the potential scale of Mendeley .
Around 60,000 people have already signed up and a staggering 4 m scientific papers have been uploaded , doubling every 10 weeks .
At this rate it will soon overtake the biggest academic databases , which have around 20 m papers .
This startup is fascinating for a few reasons .
First , it shows the second phase of the dotcom boom is throwing up great , practical ideas .
Second , the technology transfer involved – from music to science – is innovative and raises the question of how many other disciplines could adopt it .
Could there be a rival for Google by gearing search not to links to a website , but to the thinking of like - minded people ?
Third , this is another example of " Wimbledonisation " , ( a reference to the tennis tournament ) in which Britain may not win the competition but gets the economic benefits of hosting the tournament .
Mendeley , though based in Clerkenwell in central London , was founded by three German academics – Jan Reichelt and Victor Henning ( interviewed here ) and Paul Foeckler – confirming London 's dominant position for European entrepreneurs as well as footballers .
Investors told them it was the centre of the best research hub outside Boston and a magnet for recruitment .
When I heard their five - minute pitch in a noisy room recently I had n't realised how fast they were moving nor that they were about to be named one of the top 10 in Tech Media Invest 100 , sponsored by the Guardian .
Small wonder that it has already got some of the world 's leading universities on board , including Harvard , Stanford , Cambridge and Imperial , all by word of mouth .
Dr Werner Vogels , chief technology officer of Amazon , reportedly said of Mendeley that if they got it right they could change the face of science .
They seem to be well on the way .
twitter.com/vickeegan
This website has been built to help you have a better understanding of how hotels and hostels work , and how to choose the perfect fit for you .
People need to know more about this industry before making a booking at a specific hotel , hostel , or other accommodation types .
Accommodation Types You Can Book
Motels ; usually a kind of studio , offering one or two bedrooms .
Sometimes tea , coffee , or cooking facilities are provided to clients .
Most of the motels even provide a television , and the prices are more than accessible .
Motels by definition are small places , but larger ones become similar to hotels and can provide relaxation facilities .
Hotels ; hotels offer the best quality accommodation , but sometimes at high prices .
There are plenty of options in every city or country .
Hostels ; usually a hostel means lower quality , but is more affordable .
Often hostels are nice looking , comfortable , and offer a reasonable price .
Some hostels offer dormitory rooms for students , while others can provide double rooms for couples .
Apartments ; the most extensive accommodation a person can book for themselves .
Often , apartments mean more than one room , including a small kitchen , and always have a private bathroom .
This way , tourists can cook something , which makes them feel at home .
Holiday Homes ; booking such a place is an excellent way to take a vacation .
Homes are different from each other ; you can choose from a small cosy cottage in the mountains to a luxurious house on the beach .
On our website , you will find plenty of information to make a difference !
By Stephen Gibbs
BBC News , Puerto Cabezas
The Mosquito Coast : Still feels like an isolated outpost today
It takes an hour and a half in a light aircraft to reach the Mosquito Coast from the Nicaraguan capital , Managua .
By road it is a journey of almost 20 hours .
You cross 450 km ( 280 miles ) of remote terrain ; forested mountains and then deserted swampland .
It feels like travelling to another country .
And that is precisely what many of the people who live here say it should be .
For centuries , the Miskito people have made up the majority indigenous population on this bleak , flat coastline .
Last April , a group of their elders formally declared independence .
No more , they said , would they pay any heed to the government in Managua .
No longer would they pay taxes .
Instead their loyalty would be to the " Community Nation of Moskitia " .
A flag was designed , and a national anthem composed .
" Every nation has the right to independence , " says Oscar Hodgson , a lawyer for the independence movement .
" And we are a nation . "
His surname , like many in the Miskito community , reveals something of the history of this isolated outpost .
British protectorate Throughout most of the 18th and 19th Centuries , the Miskitos were allied to the British , whose navy provided them with weapons , and encouraged them to launch raids on neighbouring Spanish bases .
Their land , which stretched from what is now Honduras in the north , almost to Costa Rica in the south , became an informal British protectorate .
Lawyer Oscar Hodgson says the Miskitos should be independent But in 1894 , by which time the protectors had other priorities , the territory was annexed by Nicaragua .
The current leader of the Miskitos is an affable , avuncular man called Hector Williams .
His Miskito title is Wihta Tara , or Great Judge .
" The people asked me to lead them , and that is what I shall do , " he says , as he stands in the warm evening sun overlooking the Caribbean sea .
The relationship between the Miskito people and the government in Managua has never been easy .
After the Sandinista revolution led by Daniel Ortega succeeded in 1979 , many Miskitos were quick to join the US - backed counter - revolutionaries or " contras " .
Some found the Marxist route they saw President Ortega following as offensive to their religion and their culture .
Lobsters
But the latest catalyst for conflict is not primarily ideological , but economic .
Specifically , it is the price of lobster .
Boats in port show the downturn in the fishing industry
Miskitos have traditionally been employed as hired hands on government - licensed lobster fishing vessels along this coast .
In the last few months , their wages have been cut .
The foreign owners of the boats say that they are reacting to the fall in global markets .
The Miskitos suspect a rip - off .
" They pay us less and take a bigger cut , " says Mario , a lobster diver .
He is standing on the scrubbed wooden deck of the Puerto Cabezas port .
Behind him are dozens of boats , all in harbour because business is so bad .
" The lobsters should be ours anyway , " he adds .
His discontent , and that of hundreds of divers like him , has been seized upon by the Miskito leadership in their latest bid for independence .
Unemployment
The movement appears to have been given a sense of urgency by the fact that two oil drilling concessions have recently been granted off the coastline .
" They take everything from us , and give nothing back , " says Oscar Hodgson .
The region is the poorest part of one of Latin America 's poorest nations
But the mayor of Puerto Cabezas , Guillermo Espinozo , doubts that the independence movement is as popular as it claims .
" It 's all connected with the lack of employment , " he says .
" If I called these people ... and offered them jobs , they would come here and work .
They would soon stop talking about independence . "
Puerto Cabezas is the poorest corner of Nicaragua .
Unemployment stands at around 80 % .
In its municipal square , grown men sit aimlessly on the children 's swings .
On a concrete block across the road there is a fading poster calling for Daniel Ortega 's election in 2006 .
It is covered with insulting graffiti .
A few blocks away hundreds of Miskitos gather at the indigenous people 's community centre .
" Long live independence , " they chant .
And they sing their national anthem .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A new study done by researchers at Wake Forest University School of Medicine shows that social stress could be an important precursor to heart disease by causing the body to deposit more fat in the abdominal cavity , speeding the harmful buildup of plaque in blood vessels , a stepping stone to the number one cause of death in the world .
The findings could be an important consideration in the way the United States and other Western countries try to stem the rapid rise of obesity , said Carol A. Shively , Ph.D. , a professor of pathology and the study 's principal investigator .
The study appears as the cover story of the current issue of Obesity , the peer - reviewed journal of the Obesity Society .
" We are in the midst of an obesity epidemic , " Shively said .
" Much of the excess fat in many people who are overweight is located in the abdomen , and that fat behaves differently than fat in other locations .
If there 's too much , it can have far more harmful effects on health than fat located in other areas . "
She notes that obesity is directly related to lower socioeconomic status in Western societies , as is heart disease .
So , the people who have fewer resources to buffer themselves from the stresses of life are more likely to experience such health problems , she said .
In this study of how the stress of low social status affects the development of heart disease , female monkeys were fed a Western - style diet containing fat and cholesterol .
The monkeys were housed in groups so they would naturally establish a pecking order from dominant to subordinate .
Subordinate monkeys are often the target of aggression and are n't included in group grooming sessions as often as dominant monkeys .
Shively and colleagues Thomas C. Register , Ph.D. , and Thomas B. Clarkson , D.V.M. , all faculty of the Department of Pathology , Section on Comparative Medicine at the School of Medicine , found that these socially stressed subordinate monkeys developed more fat in the viscera , or abdominal cavity .
The researchers found that the stress of social subordination results in the release of stress hormones that promote the deposition of fat in the viscera .
Visceral fat , in turn , promotes coronary artery atherosclerosis , the buildup of plaque in the blood vessels that leads to heart disease , the leading cause of death in the world today .
What is striking about that relationship , Shively said , is that women and female monkeys have a natural protection against heart disease - women typically develop heart disease , on average , 10 years later than men do .
That protection seems to be lost when stress and visceral fat increase .
Researchers found that the monkeys with high social stress and larger amounts of visceral fat also had ovaries that produced fewer protective hormones .
" Suppressed ovarian function is a very serious condition in a woman , " Shively said .
" Women who are hormone - deficient will develop more atherosclerosis and be at greater risk of developing coronary heart disease and other diseases such as osteoporosis and cognitive impairment . "
Women whose bodies are not producing adequate amounts of hormones wo n't necessarily know it , Shively said .
The researchers found that low hormone production does n't always lead to fewer menstrual cycles .
To diagnose serious health problems in obese women , doctors would have to investigate hormone levels .
" We need to take a closer look at the ovarian function of obese women , " Shively said .
" They might not be producing enough hormones to maintain adequate health . "
The study 's results also reinforce basic health advice , she said : watch what you eat , exercise regularly , and try to manage the stress in your life .
Source : Wake Forest University Baptist Medical Center ( news : web )
Explore further
Fat around the heart may increase risk of heart attacks
You 've learned about many of the new features of the latest version of the Windows kernel in the Mark Russinovich Inside Windows 7 conversation here on Channel 9 .
One of Mark ’s favorite kernel innovations is the way the Windows 7 kernel manages scheduling of threads and the underlying synchronization primitives that embody kernel thread management .
Prior to Windows 7 ( and therefore Windows Server 2008 R2 ) the Windows kernel dispatcher employed a single lock , the dispatcher lock , which worked well for a relatively small numbers of processors ( like 64 ) .
However , now that we find ourselves in the midst of the ManyCore era , well , 64 processors are n’t that many ...
A new strategy was required to scale Windows to large numbers of processors since a single lock is limited in capability , by design :
The masterful David Cutler , one of the world 's greatest software engineers , wrote the NT scheduler in a time when the notion of affordable 256 - processor machines was more science fiction than probable .
As we learned in the Mark Russinovich video , Windows 7 can now scale to 256 processors thanks to the great engineering of Arun Kishan , a kernel architect you 've met on C9 back in the Vista days .
In order to promote further scalability of the NT kernel , Arun completely eliminated the dispatcher lock and replaced it with a much finer grained set of synchronization primitives .
Gone are the days of contention for a single spinlock .
How did Arun pull this off , exactly , you ask ?
Who is this genius ?
Well , tune in .
Lots of answers await …
Arun 's work directly benefits the overall performance of Windows running on many processors and means , simply , Windows can now really scale .
Thank you , Arun !
Spinlocks are synchronization primitives that cause a processor to busy - wait until the state of the lock ’s memory location changes .
As the name implies , the dispatcher lock is the fundamental lock associated with the kernel dispatcher , or the scheduler .
1 . If you throw a cat out a car window , does it become kitty litter ?
2 . If corn oil comes from corn , where does baby oil come from ?
3 . If there is no God , who pops up the next Kleenex in the box ?
4 . When a cow laughs , does milk come out it 's nose ?
5 . Why do they put braille on the number pads of drive - through teller machines ?
6 . How did a fool and his money get together ?
7 . If nothing sticks to Teflon , how do they stick Teflon to the pan ?
8 . How do they get a deer to cross at that yellow road sign ?
9 . If it 's tourist season , why can't we shoot them ?
10 .
What 's another word for thesaurus ?
11 . Why do they sterilize the needles for lethal injections ?
12 . What do they use to ship Styrofoam ?
13 .
Why is abbreviation such a long word ?
14 .
Why is there an expiration date on my sour cream container ?
15 .
Why do kamikaze pilots wear helmets ?
16 .
How do you know when it is time to tune your bagpipes ?
17 .
Is it true that cannibals do n't eat clowns because they taste funny ?
18 . When you choke a smurf , what color do they turn ?
19 .
Does fuzzy logic tickle ?
20 .
Do blind Eskimos have seeing - eye sled dogs ?
21 . Do they have reserved parking for non-handicapped people at the special olympics ?
22 . Why do they call it a TV set when you only get one ?
23 .
Do radioactive cats have 18 half - lives ?
24 .
If you shoot a mime , should you use a silencer ?
25 .
What was the best thing before sliced bread ?
26 .
Why does n't glue stick to the inside of the bottle ?
27 . Can fat people go skinny - dipping ?
28 . Can you be a closet claustrophobic ?
29 .
Is it possible to be totally partial ?
30 .
If a book about failures does n't sell , is it a success ?
31 . If the funeral procession is at night , do folks drive with their lights off ?
32 . If a stealth bomber crashes in the forest , does it make a sound ?
33 .
If the cops arrest a mime , do they tell him he has the right to remain silent ?
34 .
If a parsley farmer is sued , can they garnish his wages ?
35 .
When it rains , why do n't sheep shrink ?
36 . Should vegetarians eat animal crackers ?
37 .
Do cemetery workers prefer the graveyard shift ?
38 .
Do hungry crows have ravenous appetites ?
39 .
Why is n't " phonetic " spelled the way it sounds ?
40 .
Why do people sing " Take Me Out To The Ball Game " when they 're already there ?
41 . Why do people say " tuna fish ? "
They do n't say " beef mammal " or " chicken bird ! "
Use this promo code and get a whopping $ 25 off and when you sign up for Amazon Fresh ( new customers ) and place your first order for $ 100 or more .
Try Amazon Fresh for 30 FREE days when you sign up today !
With AmazonFresh , customers can combine grocery and other shopping into one seamless experience that easily fits into their busy lives .
Customers can order a wide range of items , including everything from fruits , vegetables , meat , seafood , baked goods , and dairy products to beauty products and household goods .
Amazon Fresh offers same - day or next - day delivery !
Junglee is a former online shopping service provided by Amazon that enabled customers to search for products from online and offline retailers in India .
Junglee started off as a virtual database that was used to extract information off the internet and deliver it to enterprise applications .
As it progressed , Junglee started to use its database technology to create a single window marketplace on the internet by making every item from every supplier available for purchase .
Web shoppers could locate , compare and transact millions of products from across the Internet shopping mall through one window . [ 114 ]
Some other large e-commerce sellers use Amazon to sell their products in addition to selling them through their own websites .
The sales are processed through Amazon.com and end up at individual sellers for processing and order fulfillment and Amazon leases space for these retailers .
Small sellers of used and new goods go to Amazon Marketplace to offer goods at a fixed price . [ 148 ]
Amazon also employs the use of drop shippers or meta sellers .
These are members or entities that advertise goods on Amazon who order these goods direct from other competing websites but usually from other Amazon members .
These meta sellers may have millions of products listed , have large transaction numbers and are grouped alongside other less prolific members giving them credibility as just someone who has been in business for a long time .
Markup is anywhere from 50 % to 100 % and sometimes more , these sellers maintain that items are in stock when the opposite is true .
As Amazon increases their dominance in the marketplace these drop shippers have become more and more commonplace in recent years .[ citation needed ]
The domain amazon.com attracted at least 615 million visitors annually by 2008 . [ 119 ]
Amazon attracts over 130 million customers to its US website per month by the start of 2016 . [ 120 ]
The company has also invested heavily on a massive amount of server capacity for its website , especially to handle the excessive traffic during the December Christmas holiday season . [ 121 ]
Amazon has attracted widespread criticism for poor working conditions by both current employees , who refer to themselves as Amazonians , [ 178 ] and former employees , [ 179 ] [ 180 ] as well as the media and politicians .
In 2011 , it was publicized that at the Breinigsville , Pennsylvania warehouse , workers had to carry out work in 100 °F ( 38 °C ) heat , resulting in employees becoming extremely uncomfortable and suffering from dehydration and collapse .
Loading - bay doors were not opened to allow in fresh air , due to the company 's concerns over theft .
[ 181 ]
Amazon 's initial response was to pay for an ambulance to sit outside on call to cart away overheated employees .
[ 181 ]
The company eventually installed air conditioning at the warehouse . [ 182 ]
Receive free products and exclusive discounts from Amazon with Amazon Giveaways !
Click here to find thousands of current Amazon Giveaways that are added and updated every day .
No purchase is necessary to win , and you can even score exclusive coupons for up to 40 % off just for entering !
It 's really that easy , sow hat are you waiting for ?
Click here to get your amazing freebies today !
On January 22 , 2018 , Amazon Go , a store that uses cameras and sensors to detect items that a shopper grabs off shelves and automatically charges a shopper 's Amazon account , was opened to the general public in Seattle . [ 54 ] [ 55 ]
Customers scan their Amazon
Go app as they enter , and are required to have an Amazon Go app installed on their smartphone and a linked Amazon account to be able to enter . [ 54 ]
The technology is meant to eliminate the need for checkout lines . [ 56 ] [ 57 ] [ 58 ]
Amazon
Go was initially opened for Amazon employees in December 2016 . [ 59 ] [ 60 ] [ 61 ]
In August 2018 , the second Amazon Go store opened its doors . [ 62 ] [ 63 ]
In May 2018 , Amazon threatened the Seattle City Council over an employee head tax proposal that would have funded houselessness services and low - income housing .
The tax would have cost Amazon about $ 800 per employee , or 0.7 % of their average salary .
[ 202 ]
In retaliation , Amazon paused construction on a new building , threatened to limit further investment in the city , and funded a repeal campaign .
Although originally passed , the measure was soon repealed after an expensive repeal campaign spearheaded by Amazon . [ 203 ]
Barnes & Noble sued Amazon on May 12 , 1997 , alleging that Amazon 's claim to be " the world 's largest bookstore " was false because it " ... isn't a bookstore at all .
It 's a book broker . "
The suit was later settled out of court and Amazon continued to make the same claim . [ 36 ]
Walmart sued Amazon on October 16 , 1998 , alleging that Amazon had stolen Walmart 's trade secrets by hiring former Walmart executives .
Although this suit was also settled out of court , it caused Amazon to implement internal restrictions and the reassignment of the former Walmart executives . [ 36 ]
Amazon 's home page provides three methods to start finding and buying items .
The front page itself shows off featured items , and once the site starts learning your tastes , it will display products based on your history .
To find a specific item , type in the search bar at the top of the page .
Press " Enter " to search the entire catalog , or select from the drop - down menu set automatically to " All " to search a specific category , which also enables the " Refine " capability for more specific results .
If you 'd rather just window shop , click " Shop by Department , " to pick a section to browse .
Summer break may be over , but you can still sign up for Amazon Prime Student !
When you start an Amazon Prime subscription for Students , you 'll get a 6 - month free trial and then 50 % off your Amazon Prime membership ( just $ 6.49 / mo ! ) .
There are a lot of other perks of having Prime Student , too : watch Amazon Prime streaming exclusives like " Alpha House , " and other TV & movies , get free 2 - day shipping on textbooks , and more .
Plus , get exclusive coupons for Prime members only .
Although the company did raise the minimum wage for all of its employees earlier this month , it ’s plowing ahead on warehouse robotics and automation in a way that could fundamentally reshape how its lowest - paid employees perform work — and how many of those employees it needs to retain .
Amazon now uses more than 100,000 robots in warehouses around the world to help move and organize products , according to The New York Times , and it also sponsors an annual robotics competition to help spur innovation in AI that could result in more dexterous and intelligent robots capable of performing complex physical tasks .
After locating the product in Amazon ’s catalog , a seller will be prompted to enter information about its quality .
It ’s important to be as truthful and accurate as possible when describing the item as one of the following : new , used - like new , used - very good , used - good or used - acceptable .
You can also provide a note with pertinent details about the item .
For example , you can explain that a book is in good condition save a few folded pages .
While sites like eBay and Craigslist allow you to list any item barring certain exceptions , Amazon asks that you find a similar product in its database .
If you ca n’t find a similar product , Amazon has a procedure for creating a new product page .
You should be aware , however , that new products often require additional approval from Amazon before listing can occur .
The Echo line and its Alexa assistant are Amazon ’s avenues into our physical lives and our digital behaviors .
With the data it collects , Amazon is able to better understand how we shop and how we want the devices of the future to listen , respond , and problem solve as if they were other human beings .
Amazon has stiff competition in this space , primarily from Apple and Google , but its early investments in smart speakers and AI have helped Amazon overcome its absence in the key consumer markets like mobile , search , and social networks .
As a result , Amazon has made early and tangible inroads in developing an ecosystem that customers will find increasingly hard to abandon down the line .
During Amazon's Cyber Monday Deals
Week , you 'll find the best deals on popular holiday products and gift items for a whole week , not just one day .
Amazon is known for its incredible selection of merchandise , and for an entire week you can find deals in every category .
Get free Amazon gift cards with select orders .
To stay on top of the sales , download the Amazon mobile app , sign up for emails , like Amazon on Facebook and follow @amazondeals on Twitter .
Some other large e-commerce sellers use Amazon to sell their products in addition to selling them through their own websites .
The sales are processed through Amazon.com and end up at individual sellers for processing and order fulfillment and Amazon leases space for these retailers .
Small sellers of used and new goods go to Amazon Marketplace to offer goods at a fixed price . [ 148 ]
Amazon also employs the use of drop shippers or meta sellers .
These are members or entities that advertise goods on Amazon who order these goods direct from other competing websites but usually from other Amazon members .
These meta sellers may have millions of products listed , have large transaction numbers and are grouped alongside other less prolific members giving them credibility as just someone who has been in business for a long time .
Markup is anywhere from 50 % to 100 % and sometimes more , these sellers maintain that items are in stock when the opposite is true .
As Amazon increases their dominance in the marketplace these drop shippers have become more and more commonplace in recent years .[ citation needed ]
Use voice commands to have Alexa search items in your order history and on Amazon 's Choice list , and read you the products ' names , prices and estimated delivery times .
Once Alexa has found you the highest - rated and best - priced products , tell it to confirm your order and you 're set .
Watch for special promotional discounts that you can use to save money while voice ordering , and always ask for current Alexa Deals for exclusive savings .
Amazon 's Prime subscription service costs $ 99 per year and provides free two - day shipping on items purchased from Amazon that display the " Prime " logo .
Prime includes free shipping on Marketplace items that sellers opt to have delivered via Amazon 's warehouse , but not on most third - party purchases .
Even without Prime , orders over $ 35 include free basic shipping , but Prime can save you a good amount on shipping if you frequently place small orders or need items delivered quickly .
In addition , Prime includes extras such as Prime Instant Video , a streaming video service similar to Netflix , Prime Music , which provides free streaming music , and the ability to borrow one Kindle e-book per month from the Amazon Kindle Lending Library .
To start a subscription , click " Your Prime " at the top of any Amazon page .
Categories : Companies in the NASDAQ - 100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQAmazon ( company ) 1994 establishments in Washington ( state ) 3D publishing American companies established in 1994 Android ( operating system ) softwareArts and crafts retailersBookstores of the United StatesCloud computing providersE - book suppliers Internet properties established in 1994IOS softwareMobile phone manufacturersMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesOnline music storesOnline retailers of the United StatesRetail companies established in 1994 Review websitesSelf - publishing companiesSoftware companies based in SeattleSoftware companies established in 1994 Technology companies established in 1994TvOS softwareUniversal Windows Platform appsWebby Award winners
With Prime Pantry , which also launched in 2014 , Amazon honed its focus on competing with the Walmarts and pharmacies of the world by giving Prime subscribers an easy way to fill one giant box with household supplies and other nonperishable goods .
In 2015 , Amazon launched a home services arm for everything from house cleanings and oil changes to furniture assembly and theater installation .
In one brief keynote , the company announced a car infotainment device , yet more updates to the standard Echo speaker and Dot line , a subwoofer , a set of stereo amplifiers , a Chromecast Audio competitor , a smart wall clock , a smart plug , and a super - powered Slingbox - style device for over - the - air programming .
Oh and lest we forget , Amazon also made a microwave with Alexa built in , using it as a model to start competing with companies like KitchenAid , LG , and Samsung by making Alexa the go - to voice assistant and AI hub for household appliances .
In addition to building its own devices , the company also invests in startups through its Alexa Fund to scout new and promising entrants and product categories , and it ’s acquired quite a few of those companies — including security cam startup Blink and smart doorbell maker Ring — to ensure it has every corner of the smart home covered .
Sign up for Amazon Family and a Prime account to get special offers , coupons and discounts on family - oriented items .
If you are n't a Prime member , you 'll get a 5 % discount on baby food and diaper subscriptions .
Prime members get an additional 15 % off with five or more active subscriptions .
Get a 15 % discount code and a free Welcome Box when you sign up for the Baby Registry .
Amazon has attracted widespread criticism for poor working conditions by both current employees , who refer to themselves as Amazonians , [ 178 ] and former employees , [ 179 ] [ 180 ] as well as the media and politicians .
In 2011 , it was publicized that at the Breinigsville , Pennsylvania warehouse , workers had to carry out work in 100 °F ( 38 °C ) heat , resulting in employees becoming extremely uncomfortable and suffering from dehydration and collapse .
Loading - bay doors were not opened to allow in fresh air , due to the company 's concerns over theft .
[ 181 ]
Amazon 's initial response was to pay for an ambulance to sit outside on call to cart away overheated employees .
[ 181 ]
The company eventually installed air conditioning at the warehouse . [ 182 ]
Raw Generation is a raw juice company that launched its ecommerce store through Shopify , only to experience little success in its first 6 months .
But you know what they say , where there ’s a will there ’s a way , and owner , Jessica Geier , was determined to find it .
Raw Generation used deal sites to take the company ’s monthly revenues from $ 8,000 to $ 96,000 !
Old Man Bennett ran the vacuum repair shop on the corner of Nowhere and Eighth since forever .
He ’s OLD MAN Bennett after all .
He could fix anything , from your basic sixty dollar shit vacuums all the way up to those outrageous twelve hundred dollar jobs that come with their own door - to - door salesmen .
Old Man Bennett says that every vacuum is pretty much the same .
At its heart is simply a pump .
He could say that about you and me , too , and he ’d be right .
………… The problem with Old Man Bennett was that he was a Liberal , a bleeding heart Liberal if you will .
Ever since those Constitution Revisions and Exceptions a couple years ago , he ’s been performing abortions in the back room of his shop for , as he put it , “ troubled girls who took a wrong turn in life ” .
I do n’t know jack about politics , but I do know that what he ’s up to back there is a big no no .
If the USPF got whiff of it , he ’d be humanely euthanized in , well , a heartbeat .
………… You could say I had Old Man Bennett by the balls .
………… My job was Customer Service .
I checked in broken vacuums and wrote down the symptoms .
I gave fixed vacuums back to people and collected the money .
That was the best part : collecting the money and running the till .
Since Old Man Bennett was , after all , OLD MAN Bennett , he preferred to still deal with cash .
People do n’t use cash much except when they ’re in the State Casinos , but he encouraged it by giving big discounts on repair bills .
Lots of people took advantage of it , too , and my till always had a good deal of actual money in it .
………… Since there was nothing he could really do about it , I decided to give myself a little raise .
Old Man Bennett paid like shit anyway .
Besides , if he ever confronted me about it I ’d just click on the USPF and rat him out .
I ’d get a Responsible Citizen badge and a Safety First debit bonus , and he ’d get hauled off to the ovens .
Sayonara sucker .
……… … I usually only took fifty or sixty out a day .
I mean , I did n’t want to ROB him or anything .
Despite paying like shit , I kind of liked him .
He was friendly enough and knew where to get good tobacco .
He hooked me up with his guy and I could stop going to that crook Mikey , who always overcharged me and cut his tobacco down with black tea .
You know you ’re taking it in the ass on a tobacco deal when the cigarettes taste like jasmine and bergamot .
Fucking crook .
………… Old Man Bennett did all his work in the back .
A wall separated the retail area from all the tables and tools and benches and dissected vacuums .
There was a little counter in the retail area where I stood for most of my shift , taking calls , doing the emails and running the till .
Old Man Bennett also sold some vacuum accessories , like hoses and rubber drive bands and bags for those vacuums that still had them .
These hung on the walls in the retail area or sat on shelves .
……… … Since I ’d been working for him , he ’d performed , oh , maybe five or six abortions .
It was the only time anybody ever went into the back with him and it was always right before closing , which was at 8 pm because Old Man Bennett lived in an apartment on top of the shop and had no life .
……… … I had no idea how he got the word out .
I mean , he could n’t very well put an ad up on the net like a regular business .
Maybe it was word - of - mouth advertising .
I ’ve heard people who are into business shit say that word - of - mouth advertising is the most effective .
That and radio , whatever radio is .
……… … On Thursday I knew he had a customer for his little side business when a woman and her daughter came in without a vacuum .
The girl looked about twelve or thirteen .
She had very pretty green eyes that darted from side to side .
She was obviously scared and unsure , and her mother gently guided her by the shoulders .
The mother looked like a typical older woman in her forties , with the shortened hair and sensible shoes .
Women that old seem to give up on themselves .
They want to look “ nice ” , not playful or sexy or flirty or fun .
Her cheeks and eyes were red and puffy , giving away that she ’d been crying only moments before .
Her daughter may have been scared , but this woman was clearly terrified .
………… “ Is Mr. Bennett available ? ” she asked , her voice barely above a whisper .
……… … I nodded to the door leading back into the shop .
……… …“ This way , honey , ” the woman said gently .
………… The girl , however , had planted herself and would not move , despite her mother ‘s soft pushing .
Her eyes were wide and fixed on the closed door of the shop .
“ Daddy ’s not gonna be in there , is he ? ” she asked , her voice wavering .
… …… … “ Oh , no , ” cooed the woman .
“ It ’s just Mr. Bennett .
He ’s a very nice man . ”
………… The girl hesitated a second or two longer , then started to move .
Just before they disappeared into the shop the woman turned and gave me a limp smile .
I thought that was weird of her to do .
………… She came out alone about fifteen minutes later , crying a little and fighting it .
“ Mr. Bennett said it would be about an hour . ”
It sounded like she was talking to no one , or like maybe she was talking to herself .
………… She glanced around , perhaps for a chair .
“ I ’m going to step outside . ”
………… And she was gone .
………… It had been slow all day and there was still almost an hour before closing .
I had been gaming off and on all shift , but now I felt like doing nothing .
I just stood there behind the counter .
A heavy , gray boredom settled over me and I was aware of how quiet everything was .
Even the street noise seemed muted and muffled and distant .
………… Then I heard a scream .
It was short , piercing , and ended so suddenly I wondered if I had heard it at all .
It was over the second I became aware of it .
Like a presence or a memory , however , it lingered around me and I knew it had been real .
………… It had come from the back .
Not very often do I go in the back and never very far , but this time I went all the way in , all the way to the far corner where I knew Old Man Bennett did his most important work under his brightest light .
………… The girl lay dead on the table , her skin porcelain white like a really clean toilet .
It seemed almost to shine with whiteness .
On the floor was a wet / dry vac , one of those shaped like a barrel .
It ’s top had been removed and I could see the girl ’s guts inside .
They filled it about halfway .
There are nicer words , like offal or innards or tripe , but what I was looking at was GUTS .
There was blood everywhere , on the table , on the floor , all over Old Man Bennett ’s hands .
……… … I leaned forward a little and looked closely into the ghastly barrel .
Peaking out from inside a loop of intestine was the flat black fish eye of the fetus .
It seemed much too large and was dusted over with death .
………… “ Mr. Bennett ? ” I said , pretending to be polite .
………… He sat there on a little stool next to the table , shaking his head and mumbling .
“ …. Too much ….too much … . ”
……… … “ Sir ? ”
……… … “ My calibrations were off . ”
His voice was trembling .
“ It was simply too much suction . ” I could see spit in the corner of his lip and knew he was about to start drooling .
… …… … “ Sir , ” I said again .
“ I think I ’ll log out a little early , if that ’s alright with you . ”
A tear ran down his cheek and mingled with the spit in the corner of his mouth .
……… … I turned and left .
………… Back in the retail area , I flipped over the Open sign and Bennett ’s Vacuum Repair & Service was now Closed for business .
I emptied out the till , stuffing my pockets full , and went to the door .
I grabbed the door knob and hesitated for a second , my head down , the cold brass filling my palm .
……… … I took a deep breath , pulled my head up , and went out into the coming night .
The End
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on Google Buzz
VANCOUVER–The father of a 5 - year - old British Columbia boy who was attacked by a cougar in Washington state says his son is recovering well from the traumatic ordeal .
Mark Impey was on a hike with his wife and two children in Colville National Forest on Wednesday when he was faced with the most terrifying ten seconds of his life .
Impey and his daughter were walking about 50 metres ahead of his wife and son when he was startled by their screams .
At first , Impey assumed they had stepped on a wasp nest .
But when he ran back to check , he saw that a big cat had his son , Simon , by the head and his wife , Dawn , was trying furiously to fend the animal off with a metal water bottle .
" I really think it was a case of being in the wrong place at the wrong time , " Impey said in an interview .
Dawn 's repeated blows with the water bottle finally forced the cougar to retreat into the bush .
But it was then that Impey saw Simon 's face and Dawn 's hands both covered in blood .
" We were quite frightened , " he said .
" We picked up sticks , I put Simon on my shoulders and we carried him down ( to the car ) . "
It took about an hour to hike back to the vehicle and Impey says his brave little boy did n't cry or complain once .
What he did n't realize , however , was that the cougar stalked him and his family all the way back to their car , say conservation officials .
Impey headed for the nearby border crossing and honked his way ahead of two waiting cars .
" I got out of the car and told them it was an emergency and they backed up , " he said .
" I gave the border guard our passports and told him to tell the hospital we were coming and he waved us through . "
Relief came soon after reaching the hospital .
" Right away , they determined it was n't life - threatening and that calmed us down , " he said .
He said Simon is doing well , though he is a little self - conscious about his head wounds and new haircut .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" He 's happy and is being quite active and is quite calm about the whole thing . "
Anyone who likes child porn has obviously got mental problems , but usually they 're not completely idiotic -- after all , they have to find a way to indulge their sickness without being caught by the feds .
And then there 's 22 - year - old Josiah Samuel Stevens on Conroe .
He just got five years in prison for possession of child porn .
How did the feds discover him ?
Because -- and we are shaking our heads as we write this -- the dude included child porn in his online submission to become Paris Hilton 's best friend .
White courtesy phone for the Idiot Patrol , please .
Idiot Patrol , white courtesy phone .
Let 's examine this through the cold language of the U.S. Attorney 's office :
Viacom Inc. , and their subsidiary company MTV , owned and operated a website where individuals could enter a contest to become a best friend to Paris Hilton .
An individual who entered the contest was required to create an account which included information about the person and an image to be associated with the person 's account .
The image that was uploaded by Stevens in March 2008 onto the website depicted a nude prepubescent female , approximately two to three years of age , posed in a sexually lascivious manner touching the exposed and erect penis of a nude adult male which was pressed to her sexual organ .
This image posted on the website by Stevens was accessible to the public and any person could view the image .
The U.S. Attorney 's office didnot say whether Stevens 's application was accepted by Paris .
We 're guessing not , but then we 've never seen the show .
How sick was this guy ?
The feds examined his computer and " found images and videos containing child pornography , some of which included victims under the age of 12 and portrayed sadistic or masochistic conduct or other depictions of violence . "
Enjoy your time in prison , a - hole .
Kitty Hockman - Nicholas 's phone is ringing off the hook .
Callers to her dairy farm in Winchester , Va. , are so eager to buy a share in one of her 20 hormone - free , grass - fed Jersey cows that she expects her 150 cow co-owners to double in number this year .
Why buy a cow ?
For the unpasteurized raw milk .
A growing number of consumers are keen to drink raw milk , for reasons ranging from a desire to buy locally produced food to taste to a belief in its purported health benefits .
Word of mouth abounds of how raw milk cleared up asthma and ear infections in children , improved osteoporosis in seniors , and even made autistic kids function better .
( Pasteurization — subjecting milk to a short burst of heat to kill bacteria , followed by rapid cooling — has been standard protocol since the 1920s in this country . )
Sally Fallon , founding president of the Weston A. Price Foundation , a Washington , D.C. - based advocate for consumption of whole , natural foods , estimates that more than 500,000 consumers regularly consume raw milk and claims that the number " is growing exponentially . "
Accurate sales estimates are hard to come by , though , since the government is firmly opposed to raw milk and in many states — like Virginia — the only way to get some legally is to tap right into the cow .
( U.S. News interviewed farmers at more than a dozen dairies from Virginia to California , and all reported a significant bump in sales of raw milk or in dairy cow ownership in the past few years . )
Scientists warn that no evidence exists to back up most of the reported health benefits of raw milk and that there are serious risks of infection from listeria , salmonella , and E. coli .
From 1998 to May 2005 , raw milk or raw - milk products have been implicated in 45 foodborne illness outbreaks in the United States , accounting for more than 1,000 cases of illness , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
And that 's probably an understatement , the report notes , since foodborne illnesses often go unrecognized and unreported .
" It 's like playing Russian roulette with your health , " says John Sheehan , director of the Food and Drug Adminstration 's Division of Dairy and Egg Safety .
The dangers , he says , range from mild food poisoning to life - threatening illness .
" One complication that can arise as a result of infection with E. coli O157:H7 is hemolytic uremic syndrome , which can cause acute renal failure , especially in the very young or the elderly , " Sheehan says .
" There are absolutely no health benefits from consuming raw milk . "
Indeed , it 's only in the case of asthma and allergy that some evidence exists to suggest a possible protective effect .
A study published in the June 2006 issue of the Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology by researchers at the University of London analyzed the diet of 4,767 children in Shropshire , England , and found that those who lived on farms and drank raw milk had significantly fewer symptoms of asthma , hay fever , and eczema .
Children who drank raw milk were 40 percent less likely to develop eczema and 10 percent less likely to get hay fever than their peers who did n't drink raw milk .
A second European study of nearly 15,000 children published in the May 2007 issue of Clinical and Experimental Allergy found that children who drank raw milk were less likely to have asthma and hay fever .
Still , both reports warned that raw milk often harbors pathogens , and neither recommended consumption of raw milk as a preventative measure .
While there are no laws against drinking raw milk straight from the source , the government banned interstate sales more than two decades ago , leaving states to decide what to do when consumers within their borders want to buy raw milk .
Twenty - three states ban the sale of raw milk for human consumption ; the rest allow the purchase under certain conditions .
In Maryland , a farmer who is caught selling raw milk runs the risk of jail .
In California , raw dairy products are sold in some grocery stores .
In Illinois , consumers can buy straight from the farm if they bring their own containers .
In Virginia , it 's legal to drink raw milk only from a cow that you own .
Raw - milk advocates like Fallon , who swears by raw milk for her own family , contend that pasteurization greatly reduces vitamin C and affects B6 and B - 12 and beneficial bacteria such as lactobacillus .
Sheehan does not argue with the fact that pasteurization destroys some vitamins and enzymes , but he calls the losses insignificant .
One possible alternative for aficionados of the local and natural : Drink very fresh milk from a well - run local dairy that does n't practice homogenization ( a process that breaks up and blends in the fat molecules to prevent cream from rising to the top ) and uses a pasteurization process done at a relatively low temperature for a long time .
" This method eliminates harmful bacteria with minimal impairment of flavor , " says Anne Mendelson , a culinary historian and author of Milk : The Surprising Story of Milk Through the Ages .
Hockman - Nicholas , 67 , has been drinking raw milk her entire life and says she has never been sick from it .
Nor , she says , has she had a complaint from any of her customers , who pay about $ 80 up front and $ 28 per month for a cow share that produces 1 gallon of raw milk per week .
Because she runs a grade A dairy , the top level for dairy farmers , the milk is tested frequently for quality by the state , and the facility is inspected regularly by the Virginia Department of Agriculture for the sanitation of the equipment and surroundings .
The farm is also USDA - inspected .
Hockman - Nicholas 's cows are routinely tested for tuberculosis and brucellosis ( they 've never come up positive , she says ) .
And bacteria levels in the milk are monitored .
By last night the number of negative comments on Twitter , the microblogging site which has 700,000 Australian users and where consumers have collectively vented their spleen , numbered in the thousands .
A website , Names That Are Better Than iSnack 2.0 , has also sprung up .
Even Kraft appears to be hesitant to give unqualified support to the name - chosen by a 27 - year - old West Australian and announced on Saturday .
A spokesman , Simon Talbot , admitted it was polarising consumers but said the negativity was confined mainly to older consumers .
Kraft has shipped its 3 millionth jar since the competition 's launch in July , he said , so the product was proving more popular than the name .
But he left open the possibility of change .
'' I can't say that we are not changing it .
All I can say is that we are listening to consumers and , yes , there are some strong feelings towards it .
It has taken us by surprise . ''
Nick Foley , managing director of the branding agency Landor Associates , said the idea of asking shoppers to come up with a name was excellent but ultimately the name failed .
'' They are taking the 'i ' that is associated with the iPod and 2.0 , which is a term for the web .
So what does any of that have to do with a food product ? ''
The Super Scooby , Britain 's largest burger with 2,645 calories .
It is sold by the Jolly Fryer takeaway in Bristol and they are offering a free can of Diet Coke to anyone who can finish it in one go
Credit : PA
US OPEN
Venue : Flushing Meadows , New York Date : 31 August - 13 September
BBC coverage : Live text commentaries on the website from 1600 BST each day , regular updates on 5 live , full commentary on 5 live sports extra in week two , both finals on 5 live .
Live on Sky Sports and Eurosport .
Nadal has yet to get past the semi-final stage at Flushing Meadows World number three Rafael Nadal put his injury worries behind him to beat France 's Gael Monfils and reach the quarter - finals of the US Open .
The Spaniard , who is on his way back from a serious knee injury , has also had an abdominal problem but showed no sign of it in Tuesday 's night match .
Nadal showed great reserves of strength to win 6 - 7 ( 3 - 7 ) 6 - 3 6 - 1 6 - 3 and set up a match with Fernando Gonzalez .
Juan Martin del Potro and Marin Cilic also won to set up a quarter - final tie .
In the final match on Arthur Ashe Stadium , Monfils edged a high - quality first set in the tie - break after failing to serve out at 5 - 3 , with his huge serving and heavy forehands taking him through .
But after some exuberant celebrations , the Frenchman soon found that Nadal was going nowhere and had retained his incredible stamina .
After the pair swapped breaks midway through the second set , Nadal broke again in a breathless eighth game of punishing rallies that left his opponent exhausted .
When you play somebody like this , you feel a lot of pressure with your service games
Ferrero on Del Potro Monfils could only win four more games as Nadal hit the kind of form that has taken him to six Grand Slam titles , and suggests he could complete the set with his first US Open victory .
And afterwards he described the conditon of his knees as " very good " before adding : " I 'm very happy now after the last two matches I played .
" I had a few problems in those but now I 'm in the quarter - finals for the third time in my career here and I 'm really really happy .
" I 'm here just to play my best and try to enjoy my comeback .
For me to come back here and play in the quarter - finals is very big , a big result for me , so very happy . "
After the match had finished , a spectator ran on court and broke through security to kiss Nadal as he sat on his chair changing his shirt , but the Spaniard made light of the incident .
" For me it was n't a problem .
The guy was really nice , he was a great fan , he said I love you , " said the player .
This is the second security incident at a grand slam tournament this year , after a fan ran onto the court during the French Open final and put a hat on world number one Roger Federer .
Chile 's Gonzalez , seeded 11th , beat seventh seed Jo- Wilfried Tsonga of France 3 - 6 6 - 3 7 - 6 ( 7 - 3 ) 6 - 4 in a pulsating match on Louis Armstrong Stadium .
Gonzalez gave his racquet to a woman in the crowd at one point as he struggled to control his temper early on , but the 29 - year - old stormed back and took control in the third set tie - break .
Trailing 5 - 4 in the fourth set , the pressure became too much for Tsonga and he double - faulted twice as he handed over the game and the match .
" In my first match here I did n't feel like I really wanted it , " said Gonzalez .
" Today I feel much better , I play really good tennis again .
Hopefully I can continue this week . "
Sixth seed Del Potro proved too strong for Juan Carlos Ferrero as he moved into the last eight with a 6 - 3 6 - 3 6 - 3 win.
606 : DEBATE
The Argentine 's big serve was the foundation of his victory as he served 22 aces on his way to victory , without ever being broken .
Del Potro lost to Murray in the quarter - finals last year but has since risen to sixth in the rankings and narrowly lost to Federer in five sets in the French Open semi-finals .
" Being in the quarters , it 's important , " said Del Potro .
" But it 's a big difference past the quarters to the semis and then through to the finals .
" I was so close in the French Open to reach the final and to beat Roger .
Here I have another chance to be better and I will try to go the semis .
If I lose I still had a good tournament . "
The 20 - year - old 's improved serve has been a major factor in his success , along with his power off the ground , and he made 44 winners as he dominated Ferrero .
" When you play somebody like this , you feel a lot of pressure with your service games , " Ferrero said afterwards .
" I think he 's playing a level to win a Grand Slam .
I think he can play against anybody here .
He has to play against Cilic right now , I think this is a chance for him to get into the semis . "
Croatia 's Cilic , the 16th seed , beat Britain 's Andy Murray 7 - 5 6 - 2 6 - 2 in the day session on Arthur Ashe Stadium to reach his first Grand Slam quarter - final .
" Now that I do n't have this blockade in my head , I can focus on winning other matches , " said the 20 - year - old .
" I 'm feeling tremendously happy .
It 's the biggest result for me so far . "
In the other half of the draw , defending champion Roger Federer , Robin Soderling , Novak Djokovic and Fernando Verdasco are already through to the last eight .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Velocizzatore PC : cos’è e perché è così importante ?
This very post is delivered to your browser or news reader by the famous and fabulous WordPress blogging system .
In my work as the developer of MarsEdit , I am exposed to countless blogging options , each with its own strengths and weaknesses .
And yet , I stick with WordPress because it strikes a balance of power and ease of use which feels comfortable to me .
Not to mention that Joseph Scott and others are tirelessly working to improve its API .
WordPress is licensed under the terms of the Gnu Public License ( GPL ) which , in a nutshell , stipulates that you are free to use the software however you like , but if you make changes and distribute those changes , then you must share those changes under the same terms .
This simple , radical restriction means that you are prohibited from taking a GPL project and incorporating it with a closed - source project .
Violating The GPL
Violating the GPL is easy .
All you have to do is write some code , intermingle it with some GPL code , distribute a changed copy of the original , and refuse to share your contributions .
Bam !
You ’re toast .
Assuming the original authors discover your violation and decide to pursue a resolution .
Once a violation occurs , it might be settled privately , or could escalate to legal court procedures .
But the most obvious form of resolution is for the author of the changes to release their code to the public under the terms of the GPL .
Depending on how much code you “ mixed ” with the GPL code , this could mean only a small portion , or it could mean the entire source code of your project .
This so - called “ viral nature ” of GPL is what scares the bejeezus out of companies , large and small , who fear the consequences of having to give up their own intellectual property to the public .
The terms of the GPL sound pretty simple at first read , but due in part to the epic consequences of a violation , there has been a great deal of debate and uncertainty about what legally constitutes a violation .
Most of the debate seems to boil down to two questions :
What counts as a change to the original product ?
What counts as distribution of those changes ?
If you can legally justify that your additions to a GPL project either do n’t change or derive from the original product , or have n’t technically been distributed , then you are not subject to the restrictive terms of the license .
Take GIMP , the popular GNU - licensed image editing application .
The application supports plugins , analogous to the types of plugins you might find for the commercial , closed - source application Photoshop .
A savvy developer may argue that a plugin does n’t meet the criteria of changing the original application , because the original application still runs in its unaltered condition whether the plugin is there or not .
But promoters of the GPL take the position that plugins , by nature of being loaded into the same code space as other GPL code , do constitute a modification of the original , and are therefore subject to the terms of the GPL .
As far as I know this is not a question that has been well - tested in courts .
Let me take a moment to make this abundantly clear : I respect the rights of authors to license their software under whatever terms they choose , including the GPL .
In my opinion , all the legal mumbo jumbo ceases to matter once the original author ’s intentions are made clear .
So if the author of GPL - licensed code clarifies to me that it cannot be run on Sundays , then their GPL means it can not be run on Sundays .
But this is one of the problems with the GPL : its terms are not often understood , even by the authors of GPL - licensed code .
WordPress Themes & Plugins
WordPress supports two explicit forms of extension , each of which may affect the appearance and functionality of the product .
Themes tend to work as a “ skin ” for the appearance of a blog , while plugins tend to introduce completely new features .
Since plugins in WordPress are analogous to GIMP or Photoshop plugins , it would stand to reason that they would also be covered by the terms of the GPL .
But what about themes ?
Themes have been controversial in the WordPress community , as a few commercial business models have sprung up to take advantage of bloggers ’ desires for high quality themes at an affordable price .
One approach is to distribute “ free ” themes that contains commercial ads .
So you might stumble upon the perfect theme for your blog , only to learn that the glaring “ Brought to you by Hostess Cupcakes ” line near the bottom of your page cannot be removed .
But the terms of the GPL , if themes are covered , would require that end users be granted the legal right to modify and redistribute their own copy of the theme .
Zap the sponsorship , reupload to your site , and you ’ve got a free , high quality theme with no ugly ads .
Today , Matt Mullenweg of the WordPress project announced his lawyer - supported opinion that themes are partly covered by the GPL :
I reached out to the Software Freedom Law Center , the world ’s preeminent experts on the GPL , which spent time with WordPress ’s code , community , and provided us with an official legal opinion .
One sentence summary : PHP in WordPress themes must be GPL , artwork and CSS may be but are not required .
If you ’re starting with the understanding that WordPress itself is GPL , and WordPress plugins are GPL , then it ’s not so much extra hay on the camel ’s back , to also clarify that its themes are to some extent GPL .
But it got me thinking again about my own blog , and about the restrictions the GPL imposes on the kinds of things I can do with the software that runs it .
GPL Stifles Participation
Now for the most controversial point of this article , where I suggest that the GPL does more to harm collaborative development than it does to help it .
For the purposes of this argument , let me reduce all the source code in the world down to three rough categories .
I recognize I have omitted some classes of license here , but for the sake of argument , most projects fall into these camps :
GPL code .
Changes may be distributed only in other GPL products .
Liberal - licensed code . ( MIT / BSD / Apache /etc ) .
Changes may be distributed anywhere .
Appropriate origin- attribution may be required .
Closed - source code .
May be distributed only by the copyright owner and other explicit licensees .
Now , there are a few people in the world who , for political or philosophical reasons , will only participate in a GPL project .
And for comparable yet opposite reasons , there are some who will only participate in commercial , closed - source projects .
But I propose that the vast majority of developers will participate in any project that is advantageous to them .
So let ’s imagine a representative , run - of - the - mill developer who is working on a project that falls into each of these three camps .
If this developer is not radically committed to their own project ’s license , they will naturally look to outside resources in order to bolster the success of their own work .
As the developer evaluates communities to participate in , they must evaluate the legal impact such participation will have on their own project .
The closed source communities are , by definition uninviting to outsiders .
GPL communities are open and embracing of other GPL developers , but generally off - putting to liberal - license and closed - license developers .
Only the liberal - license communities are attractive to developers from all 3 camps .
I know what some of the GPL - enthusiasts are thinking now : “ leeches do n’t count as community . ”
Many GPL developers take comfort in the fact that their hard work ca n’t be quietly taken and incorporated into a commercial product , without any payback of time or money to the original project .
But you ’re piloting an open source project , and the first step of building a community is to get people in the door .
Liberal licenses ?
Whoo - eee do they ever get people in the door .
If you operate from the presumption that great developers love to build great projects , the first step in any successful open source project is to get as many great developers in the door as possible .
It ’s Your Party
Yes , this is just me and my crazy theories .
I have n’t done exhaustive research to prove that liberal - license communities thrive more than GPL communities .
But the anecdotal examples are staggering .
The very foundation of Mac OS X , the operating system through which I ’m typing , is thanks to the liberally - licensed FreeBSD operating system .
Looking over to the right of my screen , I ’m watching this sentence appear in a live web preview as I type , thanks to the WebKit project , whose liberal license makes it compatible with closed source projects such as Safari , as well as open source efforts such as Google ’s Chromium project .
For years , the problem of a generic HTTP client library that runs on every major platform has been addressed by libcurl , whose liberal license has caused it to be embraced by countless companies and projects .
The popular Subversion source control system ’s liberal license enabled Sofa , a commercial software business to contribute value to the community with its extremely polished , award - winning client application .
Meanwhile , the newly popular distributed source control systems presents three major choices : git , Mercurial , and Bazaar .
All are restricted by the GPL - license , and therefore none is likely to inspire development of a Versions - caliber client .
I ’ve touched the tip of the iceberg , and yes I ’ve neglected to mention some GPL success stories such as Linux , MySQL , and gcc .
These communities have thrived to some extent because the passions of the GPL community are strong , but we ca n’t know whether their success is in spite of the restrictions their license places on participation by the broader developer community .
Speaking of GPL succeses , WordPress is itself an example of monumental success .
All of its developers have something to be immensely proud of .
But whenever I am reminded that WordPress is GPL , my passion for it takes a bit of a dive .
I ’m more comfortable with the true freedom of liberally - licensed products .
If a liberally - licensed blog system of equal quality , ease of use , and popularity should appear , my loyalties to WordPress would not last long .
It ’s your party , and you ’re entitled to write the guest list .
But take a look around the room : not as many folks as you ’d hoped for ?
Liberally - licensed projects are booming .
Speaking for myself , a developer who has been to all the parties , I ’m much more likely to pass through the door that does n’t read “ GPL Only . ”
THE celebrity - studded Church of Scientology in Australia wants negative media reports about the controversial religion outlawed .
Scientology , which boasts members including Tom Cruise , said it wanted a law " to prevent the dissemination of anti-religious propaganda in the media , which is based on unfounded hearsay and either known or reasonably known to be untruthful " .
Churches and individuals who have been " defamed " should be able to sue for damages , the religious organisation said in a submission to the Australian Human Rights Commission .
Scientology has long been unhappy with reports of doctrines including that , 75 million years ago , Earth was visited by an alien space lord called Xenu who stacked souls around volcanoes and blew them up with nuclear weapons .
" The Church of Scientology has regularly been subject to relentless ridicule and misinformation by the media , " Scientology said .
Scientology also said police should have the power to unmask internet activists who stage protests against the church and belong to a loose organisation known as " Anonymous " .
It wants serious religious vilification made a crime " the subject of a fine , imprisonment or both " .
Scientology 's submission , filed in February , reveals the religion 's concerns that its tax - free status , established in a landmark 1983 High Court judgment , would be threatened if the Federal Government imposed " unduly difficult taxation compliance measures " on religions .
Originally published as Church bid to gag critics
Driving home from a seminar on fuel cell technology , Gerardine Botte was struck with a notion .
Her idea was based on water electrolysis , a process used to produce hydrogen energy from water .
Botte , an associate professor of chemical and biomolecular engineering in the Russ College of Engineering and Technology , took the concept to the next level : Instead of clean water , what if it were possible to use wastewater ?
“ You could remove the ammonia from wastewater , convert it to hydrogen energy , and it would be better , because you ’d be remediating and producing clean energy , ” says Botte .
What resulted was a first - of - its - kind fuel cell technology , known as the “ ammonia electrolytic cell , ” that allows hydrogen to be produced on demand .
It ’s an efficient and environmentally sound process ; compared to water electrolysis , ammonia electrolysis consumes 95 percent less energy and produces more hydrogen .
The ammonia itself comes from a renewable supply .
Botte estimates more than 5 million tons of ammonia enter the waste stream as human and animal urine each year in the United States .
If it seems like an unlikely fuel source , Botte will do her best to convince you otherwise .
“ I think ammonia is our future fuel , ” she says .
“ It ’s green , renewable , and we know how to transport it and work with it . ”
Since its inception , Botte ’s idea of ammonia electrolysis has blossomed into several projects .
At Ohio University , she enlists the help of five graduate students who each cover specific branches of ammonia electrolysis research , including potential automobile and residential applications .
In November , Botte ’s Electrochemical Engineering Research Laboratory received a $ 2.23 million federal grant to adapt the concept for military use .
Under the “ Silent Camp Initiative , ” she ’ll work with the U.S. Army Engineer Research and Development Center ’s Construction , Engineering Research Laboratory to provide backup power for training facilities and soldier camps at night .
The system could cut long - term costs for fuel and decrease susceptibility to attacks against fuel supply lines .
If successful , there could be promising potential for the commercialization of the ammonia electrolytic cell .
Botte takes pride in the fact that the cell had its beginnings at Ohio University .
“ It was born here and is unique to this university , ” she says .
Provided by Ohio University ( news : web )
Explore further Producing hydrogen from urine
Today Nokia employee Thomas Zander announced in his blog that Nokia will be using KOffice as a base for the office file viewer in Maemo 5 .
He also sent an email to the KOffice mailing list giving some more details about how this came to be .
" This shows that KOffice has one of the best technical foundations " , says Jan Hambrecht , one of the core developers of KOffice .
" It is both lightweight , flexible and very fast , which makes it perfect in embedded environments like a smart phone " .
Nokia has created a customized GUI based on the Maemo 5 touch screen interface on top of the KOffice core .
It has also worked on making the support for MS Office documents more mature .
Thomas Zander of Qt Development Framework and KO GmbH worked on fixing bugs and enhancing support for MS Office formats .
The first presentation of this work will be at the Maemo Summit in Amsterdam from October 9th to 11th .
To all of you naysayers out there who hem and haw over a public health insurance option , consider this striking news :
Medical problems caused 62 % of all personal bankruptcies filed in the U.S. in 2007 , according to a study by Harvard researchers .
And in a finding that surprised even the researchers , 78 % of those filers had medical insurance at the start of their illness , including 60.3 % who had private coverage , not Medicare or Medicaid .
Medically related bankruptcies have been rising steadily for decades .
In 1981 , only 8 % of families filing for bankruptcy cited a serious medical problem as the reason , while a 2001 study of bankruptcies in five states by the same researchers found that illness or medical bills contributed to 50 % of all filings .
This newest , nationwide study , conducted before the start of the current recession by Drs. David Himmelstein and Steffie Woolhandler of Harvard Medical School , Elizabeth Warren of Harvard Law School , and Deborah Thorne , a sociology professor at Ohio University , found that the filers were for the most part solidly middle class before medical disaster hit .
Two - thirds owned their home and three - fifths had gone to college .
Drink that in for a minute .
Over three - quarters of those with severe medical problems who filed for bankruptcy had medical insurance .
This does n’t just speak for the need for a public plan , it also speaks to the need to have health insurance companies finally start competing for once in their miserable lives .
via John Amato
twitterでなぜだかUNIX V6ネタが盛り上がっていたのだが、たまたまググっていて見つけたのが、xv6。KMC
Staff Blogでも取り上げられているので後追い（「 UNIX v6 を x86 マルチプロセッサシステムに移植した xv6 」）。
xv6（x86 version 6）は、MIT のOperating Systems Engineering ( 6.828 ) という大学院生向け講義の教材として使うために、UNIX V6 をANSI Cに書換え、x86に移植したOS。（reading list にはPlan9やrcが入っているねぇ。）Lions ' Commentary をpre K&RやPDP-11という時点で挫折した人は読んでみるとよい。やっぱりx86は嫌だとの強情な人は、2238クラブを要チェック。
公開されているコードは、1万行弱。仮想記憶を実装したり、スケジューラを改造したり、ARMに移植したりしている人もいる。ユーザランド分も含まれているが、テスト用のおまけのようなもの。UNIX V6のコードも公開されていることだし、ライブラリやユーザランドコマンドを移植してみるのも一興かもしれない。pre K&RをANSI Cに変換するには、protoizeとか使うのかな。まぁ、さすがに完全は無理だろうけど。
あぁ、で もV6のportable C libraryは今のlibcとはずいぶん違うので、V7の方がよいかもなぁ。V6のportable C libraryはiolibとも呼ばれていて、copenとかccloseのように「c」がprefixされていた。libcはCからアセンブリのsys命令を呼ぶラッパ関数にすぎなかった。つまり、copen関数 -> open関数 -> openシステムコールとなる。
あと、動かすときの注意点でコンパイルはx86用のgccを使うこと。x86_64だとNG。
さて、この日記で取り上げるからに、xv6のどこかにPlan9と関係があると気づいた人はするどい。この授業のTAに、Russ Coxが関わっていて、xv6の開発にも関わっていたのだ。ブートやマルチプロセッサ、local
APICあたりのコードにはPlan9のものが使われている。
そういえば 、Russ Coxも今はGoogleなんだよなぁ。
（追記：2009-08-25）ひらさん行動早っ＞xv6詳説
Buenos Aires boasts impressive waiters , whose minds are worth studying , according to the paper Strategies of Buenos Aires Waiters to Enhance Memory Capacity in a Real - Life Setting , published in the journal Behavioural Neurology .
" Typical Buenos Aires senior waiters memorise all orders from clients and take the orders , without written support , of as many as 10 persons per table .
They also deliver the order to each and every one of the customers who ordered it without asking or checking . "
And most of the time , they get it right .
How do they do it ?
Researchers Tristan Bekinschtein , Julian Cardozo and Facundo Manes ran an experiment to find out .
The three are based variously at the Institute of Cognitive Neurology and at Favaloro University , both in Buenos Aires , and at the MRC Cognition and Brain Sciences Unit in Cambridge .
Eight customers sat at a table , and ordered drinks .
When the waiter brought the beverages , the scientists tallied up how many were served to the people who had ordered them , and how many delivered to someone else .
All the waiters performed admirably .
The customers later ordered more drinks , then switched seats before the waiter returned .
This produced dreary results .
The scientists tried this on nine waiters , only one of whom consistently delivered drinks to the right people .
Interviewed afterwards , waiters said they generally paid attention to customers ' locations , faces and clothing .
They also disclosed a tiny trick of the trade .
They " did not pay attention to any customer after taking a table 's order , as if they were protecting the memory formation in the path from the table to the bartender or kitchen . "
In preparing their study , Bekinschtein , Cardozo and Manes discovered a published account of a remarkable waiter who had trained himself to " recall as many as 20 dinner orders , categorise the food ( meat or starch ) and link it to the location in the table .
He also used acronyms and words to encode salad dressing , and visualised cooking temperature for each customer 's meat and linked it to the position on the table . "
The Buenos Aires waiters , in contrast , " reported systematically that they have not thought of any particular strategy and that their great ability comes only with time and practice " .
The best waiter – the one who delivered drinks correctly even when customers had swapped seats – claimed that , unlike his colleagues , he ignored where customers sat , and paid attention only to their looks .
His professional experience , he said , " had been mostly in cocktail parties for 10 years , where people tend to change their position in the room ; only in the last three years had he been working in the restaurant " .
( Thanks to Diego Golombek for bringing this to my attention . )
• Marc Abrahams is editor of the bimonthly Annals of Improbable Research and organiser of the Ig Nobel prize
Just how far away can one get from the generic convenience of Starbucks , Subway , or OfficeMax at any given time ?
Turns out , not very .
Stephen von Worley at Weather Sealed set out to chart the urban sprawl of America by mapping the 13,000 + locations of McDonald ’s across the lower 48 states .
With the aid of Agg Data , he created a striking map of the US , colored by distance to the nearest domestic Mickey D’s .
Gorgeous , but terrifying .
Mel B certainly knows how to go out with a bang , as she proved in her last ever photoshoot for Ultimo .
The former Spice Girl donned a range of colourful items of lingerie for her final campaign for the firm 's Autumn Winter Collection 2009 .
The singer spiced up Las Vegas when she posed in some of the sexy underwear , revealing the new designs - as well as her own curves - ahead of the launch of the new collection .
The brand was worn by Julia Roberts during her Oscar - winning performance in Erin Brockovich and has gone on to become a multimillion - pound business .
In the new campaign , Mel B , who was nicknamed Scary during her time with the Spice Girls , aimed to capture the glamour of Las Vegas showgirls .
Mel , 34 , has also revealed that she had a scary moment recently when she flew back to the UK minus her underwear .
But luckily , as face and body of Ultimo , the former singer was able to stock up on the new range .
She revealed that her luggage went missing when she arrived in London to catch up with former bandmates .
The former Scary Spice said : ' I had an amazing time back in the UK , I loved every minute of it .
'
It did n't get off to a very good start though as I arrived with no luggage and , as a result , no underwear .
'But she said a call to Ultimo 's founder Michelle Mone resolved her problem .
PHOTO ILLUSTRATION BY DAVID JAYNE Medical marijuana : serious medicine .
Attention Sacramento medical - marijuana patients :
Do you think marijuana should be legalized , period ?
Let us know at .
Advertisement
Maybe it ’s just me , but whenever I find mainstream newspapers , cash - strapped politicians and libertarian think tanks all on the same page , I tend to get suspicious .
Almost nothing good can come from this axis of weasels .
Such is the case with the recent calls for legalizing marijuana , which is being billed as some sort of great awakening but in fact is nothing more than another attempt to pick the people ’s pocket .
Oh yeah , we ’ve come a long way , baby .
Back in the 1980s , Reagan administration drug czar Carlton Turner informed us that “ Marijuana leads to homosexuality , the breakdown of the immune system , and therefore to AIDS . ”
No doubt Turner would have to revise the statement in the present environment , perhaps something along the lines of “ Marijuana leads to homosexuality … and therefore to gay marriage .
Not that there ’s anything wrong with that . ”
My point is , have any of these formerly square - headed yahoos actually considered the hard - core ramifications of out and out legalization of cannabis ?
According to surveys , some 100 million Americans say they ’ve smoked weed .
What happens when all of them spark up blunts at the same time ?
Do we even have the resources to support such an endeavor ?
For example , imagine 100 million people having a simultaneous attack of the munchies .
Treasury bonds and Wall Street equities would suddenly pale in comparison to the breakfast cereal aisle at the local supermarket .
There ’d no doubt be a run on Cap ’n Crunch , and Quaker Oats would have to start up a third shift to meet the demand .
It ’d be great for the food industry , but the already out - of - control obesity epidemic is certain to snowball .
Visine stores would at first be stretched tighter than Joan Rivers ’ face , before snapping back like an errantly hooked bungee cord .
As is well - known , the national eyewash supply peaked in the 1970s , when widespread marijuana use first became prevalent .
Visine sales would accelerate with the legalization of marijuana , then violently crash as everyone realizes that everyone else ’s eyes are red , too .
We can also expect the wages of glass blowers to plummet as the market becomes glutted with handmade smoking paraphernalia .
Fortunately — and all kidding aside — cooler heads are prevailing for the moment , at least at the federal level .
At first , I was disappointed when the U.S. Justice Department failed to intervene in the case of Charles Lynch , the Southern California medical - marijuana collective operator who was raided by the Drug Enforcement Administration in 2007 , convicted in federal court last August and sentenced to one year and one day in federal prison last week .
Now , I ’m not so certain .
Even though President Barack Obama pledged to leave medical - marijuana regulation up to the states during the campaign , even though Attorney General Eric Holder insists that it is now federal policy , even though I think Lynch and anyone else busted by the feds while operating entirely within state guidelines should be freed immediately , I now believe the slow and steady approach is appropriate , especially in the case of carte blanche legalization .
Here ’s why : Laugh if you must , but medical marijuana is no joke .
It ’s serious medicine that provides relief for countless maladies , from chronic pain to mental illness , for millions of people .
Visit any medical - marijuana collective , and you ’re going to find some very sick individuals .
Many of these patients have been politically active in the cause for years , and collectively they ’ve shaped a culture of caring and solidarity that ’s the antithesis of mainstream medicine .
To my mind , it is this culture of caring and solidarity that is really at stake here .
California ’s medical - marijuana policy did not appear overnight ; it ’s the product of decades of grassroots activism .
Now that the economy ’s gone south , everybody wants a piece of the action ?
It ’s true that local , state and federal governments can rake in billions taxing cannabis .
But with so much at stake , we may want to think twice before succumbing to the disingenuous whims of the very same fickle , desperate bureaucrats who got us into this mess in the first place .
The rat that 's the size of a cat : BBC team discovers 40 new species in ' lost world '
Rats as big as cats , fanged frogs and grunting fish - they sound like something from a horror movie .
But , incredibly , there is a ' lost world ' on a distant island where these nightmarish creatures really exist .
A team of scientists discovered the bizarre animals - and dozens of others - at a remote volcano in Papua New Guinea .
New species : Wildlife cameraman Gordon Buchanan with the Bosavi Woolly Rat
No fear :
The rat is not afraid of humans , which could make it vulnerable
In the kilometre - deep crater of Mount Bosavi , they found a habitat teeming with life which has evolved in isolation since the volcano last erupted 200,000 years ago .
Among the new species was the the Bosavi Woolly Rat .
One of the biggest rats in the world , it measures just over 32 inches from nose to tail and weighs 3lb .
The silvery grey mammal has dense fur and its teeth suggest it has a largely vegetarian diet and probably builds nests in tree hollows or underground .
Surprising find : A new species of frog found near base camp .
When scared it puffs up its body .
The Bosavi Woolly was discovered by a team from the BBC 's natural history unit as they searched for new wildlife while filming the series Lost Land Of The Volcano .
During the trip to a little - known part of the rain forest , the team also found about 40 other new species , which are at various stages of verification .
This included a marsupial called the Bosavi Silky Cuscus , a camouflaged gecko , a fanged frog and a fish called the Henamo Grunter , which makes a grunting sound from its swim bladder .
New species : A frog named , Litoria sauroni , discovered on the trip
Picture shows :
A bizarre jungle spider camouflaged as lichen
Researchers also found an extremely hairy caterpillar which is now awaiting cataloguing in Oxford , where the team will give names to their finds .
It is estimated that along with the giant rat and cuscus the expedition found about 16 species of frogs , one species of gecko , at least three species of fish , at least 20 of insects and spiders and possibly one new species of bat .
The expedition was led by climber and naturalist Steve Backshall - wildlife cameraman Gordon Buchanan and head scientist Dr George McGavin .
Mr Buchanan and Smithsonian biologist Dr Kristofer Helgen were first on the scene when the rat was found by a tracker from the local Kasua tribe .
Dr Helgen said :
' This is one of the world 's largest rats .
It is a true rat , related to the same kind you find in the city sewers , but a heck of a lot bigger .
' I had a cat and it was about the same size of this rat .
This rat was incredibly tame .
Picture shows :
A bizarre hairy caterpillar found in the rainforest
Amazing :
The king bird of paradise , and a buff faced pygmy parrot , found by bird expert Jack Dumbacher
' It just sat next to me nibbling on a piece of leaf .
It wo n't have seen a human being before .
The crater of Mount Bosavi really is the lost world . '
Papua New Guinea is famous for the number and diversity of rodents that live there , with more than 57 species from the Murid family of rats and mice on the island .
Further evidence of the rich wildlife of the tropical location came with the discovery of the Bosavi Silky Cuscus .
This animal , which resembles a small bear , is a marsupial that lives up in trees , feeding on fruits and leaves .
Weighing in at some 4.5 lb , it has thick silky fur adapted for the mountain environment in which it lives .
Dr Helgen has identified it as a new subspecies in the group of strange marsupials known as cuscuses .
An iridescent Beetle found in the New Guinea rainforest
New species : A beautiful fruit dove discovered during the BBC expedition
He said : ' Long ago it was isolated on this volcano and has become something unique to Bosavi . '
The habitat in the area is currently regarded as pristine , but less than 20 miles to the south of Mount Bosavi extensive logging operations are happening .
The mountain acts like an island in the vast sea of jungle , trapping different species on it .
The expedition base camp was in the foothills east of Mount Bosavi with smaller teams going out to remote locations .
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - Beijing retiree Yuan Yizhong cut up his son ’s seven credit cards with a scissors in a frenzy of fury when he discovered that the 29 - year - old had racked up huge debts that he could n’t afford to pay back .
People chat next to advertisements for a local bank 's credit card in the center of Shanghai August 10 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Nir Elias
Yuan then used most of his life savings to repay his son ’s credit card bills of 200,000 yuan ( $ 29,280 ) , managing to pay off about half .
“ My son will get my house after I die , but I ’m afraid it might not be enough , ” Yuan said sadly .
Stories like Yuan ’s have forced China ’s government and banks to scale back a credit card policy that expanded too far too fast in a country with little history or experience with personal debt .
Credit cards gained popularity among Chinese as the middle class expanded and living standards rose , and as the government tried to encourage the use of such cards to stimulate domestic consumption .
But rising debt , especially among young Chinese who were poor candidates for credit cards in the first place , has put a strain on some families and the government is now tightening up the credit card industry .
“ In the past two years , banks have blindly issued credit cards , ” said Nie Junfeng , an expert on personal debt at CITIC Bank , the country ’s seventh - largest lender .
“ The bubble has started to form and the risks rooted in false application information and low - income customers are beginning to emerge , ” Nie said .
China ’s banking watchdog , the China Banking Regulatory Commission ( CBRC ) , told banks in July not to offer gifts to new credit card holders , set quotas for their sales staff , and perhaps most importantly , not to issue cards to people under 18 .
The regulator ’s admonition followed the disclosure by the People ’s Bank of China that 4.97 billion yuan of credit card payments were at least 60 days late in the first six months of 2009 , a jump of 133.1 percent from a year earlier .
Policymakers are keen to ensure that if plastic does take off in China there is no repeat of the sort of uncontrolled issuance that left as many as four million South Koreans unable to pay their card debts earlier this decade .
Government - owned China UnionPay controls the credit card system as well as automatic teller machines ( ATMs ) across the country .
It has partnered up with firms such as Visa and Mastercard Inc as well as local banks to issue credit cards .
In fact , the number of credit cards issued in China has nearly tripled to 142 million in 2008 compared to 2006 , with total transaction volume hitting 3.5 trillion yuan , the country ’s central bank said in a report in April .
About 1.9 billion credit cards are believed to have been issued in China since 1985 .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
HIGH SAVINGS
Cash is still king in China , but plastic is becoming popular .
Locals joke that there are more ATM machines than public toilets .
Nearly all shops and restaurants in major Chinese cities accept credit cards .
Roughly one third of credit card payments , or 1.1 trillion yuan , were generated from consumption spending in 2008 .
Credit cards accounted for almost 15 percent of retail sales of social consumer goods in 2008 , sharply up from 4.8 percent in 2006 .
Nevertheless , the total amount of credit card debt is still tiny compared to national household deposit of 25.7 trillion as of end June .
China ’s savings rate is one of the highest in the world at around 39.7 percent of household disposable income due to a culture of frugality from decades of deprivation .
By comparison , in the United States , just 3.2 percent of household disposable income is saved , according to research by the Massachusetts - based National Bureau of Economic Research .
Credit cards may help people feel comfortable spending more , assisting Beijing in its efforts to increase domestic consumption to stabilize the Chinese economy and protect it from external downturns .
“ Using credit card will certainly help boost consumption , because at least some people would not perceive credit card purchases as affecting their bank balance , ” said Joe Lu , an analyst at BOCOM International in Beijing .
Young people , including students , who can ill afford to acquire huge debts are more likely to embrace credit cards .
But as with Yuan , the result is sometimes devastating in a country where the law does not allow for credit card debts to be expunged by declaring bankruptcy .
Unlike their western counterparts , most Chinese parents believe it ’s their obligation to pay their children ’s debt if they are unable to do so .
Around 11 percent of Chinese parents paid credit card debts for their children aged between 22 and 27 , a group that has become accustomed to the good life but has found it difficult to pay for it , according to a survey by Beijing Youth Daily newspaper .
“ With credit cards , young people will quickly empty their parents ’ pockets , ” BOCOM ’s Lu said .
Guo Tianyong , a professor at Beijing - based Central University of Finance and Economics , predicted China ’s credit card bad loan ratio would rise to 3 percent this year , from 2.4 percent at the end of 2008 .
In the United States , it ’s about 10 percent .
“ A few years ago the ratio was only one percent , but this year it will undoubtedly rise as people ’s incomes fall amid the global financial crisis , ” Guo said .
CARD RESTRICTIONS
Banks have started to take action .
CITIC Bank suspended the college student card in February .
Soon after , China Merchants
Bank halted its “ Young Card , ” a credit card specifically designed for college students .
The Industrial and Commercial Bank of China now only gives student credit cards to graduate students as well as undergraduates studying at renowned universities as they are more likely to get better jobs after graduation .
Chinese banks were eager to grab market share in a rapidly expanding market , and sometimes resorted to unethical practices .
Last year , students at a Xi’an university were astonished to discover they had been given credit cards by a major Chinese bank .
The university had filled in the application forms without the students ’ consent or signatures to help the bank achieve its credit card quota , resulting in more than 10,000 credit cards being issued to unwitting students .
Before the recent crackdown , credit card peddlers could be seen everywhere from shopping malls to student dormitories as banks not only pressured their own staff to issue cards , but also outsourced the business to third parties .
Outsourcing companies sent sales representatives through office buildings , luring applicants with gifts and giving cards to anyone with an ID and a completed application form .
The third party issuers had no risk , the more cards they issued the more commission they received from banks , Guo said .
“ College students are riskier than average , with a bad loan ratio of 4 percent .
Most of them do n’t make any money , increasing the possibility of sour debt , ” Guo added .
Several banks have set up special collection teams for bad loans .
They used to send reminder text messages or call the debtors , but now they go directly to customers ’ home .
Recent efforts to curb credit card use are too late for Yuan and his son .
Collection agents visited Yuan ’s home 10 times in June to demand that he pay his son ’s debts .
They threatened to put his son in jail if the bills went unpaid .
“ Is n’t this a trap by issuing credit cards to students ? ” Yuan asked .
“ Students do not have any income .
It is their parents who must repay their bills at the end of the day ...
It is immoral for banks to do this just to get bigger market shares . ”
“ I am from the old generation and I spend what I earn , ” Yuan said .
“ I really have no idea about this way of consumption . ”
( $ 1=6.830 Yuan )
Washington ’s
Blog strives to provide real - time , well - researched and actionable information .
George – the head writer at Washington ’s Blog – is a busy professional and a former adjunct professor .
~~~
How well has the Federal Reserve performed for America ?
Mainstream pundits , of course , say that Bernanke has saved the world . . . . but they said the same thing about Greenspan .
So let ’s look at the actual historical record to determine how well the Fed has done .
Initially , Milton Friedman and Ben Bernanke have both said that the Federal Reserve caused ( or at least failed to cure ) the Great Depression through its poor monetary policy .
Many also blame the Fed for blowing an unsustainable bubble between 2001 - 2007 through artificially low interest rates .
If this sounds too much like an Austrian economics perspective , that may be true .
But remember that Hayek won the Nobel prize in 1974 partly for arguing that artificially low interest rates lead to the misallocation of capital and to bubbles , which in turn lead to busts .
Moreover , one of the Fed ’s main justification has been that it can provide a “ counter - cyclical ” balance .
In other words , during boom times it can put on the brakes ( “ take the punch bowl away right as the party gets started ” ) , and during busts it can get things moving again .
But as economist Jane D’Arista has shown , the Fed has failed miserably at that task :
Jane D’Arista , a reform - minded economist and retired professor with a deep conceptual understanding of money and credit [ has a ] devastating critique of the central bank .
The Federal Reserve , she explains , has failed in its most essential function : to serve as the balance wheel that keeps economic cycles from going too far .
It is supposed to be a moderating force in American capitalism on the upside and on the downside , the role popularly described as “ leaning against the wind . ”
By applying its leverage on the available supply of credit , the Fed can slow down a boom that is dangerously overwrought or , likewise , stimulate the economy if it is sinking into recession .
The Fed ’s job , a former chairman once joked , is “ to take away the punch bowl just when the party gets going . ”
Economists know this function as “ counter - cyclical policy . ”
The Fed not only lost control , D’Arista asserts , but its policy actions have unintentionally become “ pro-cyclical ” –encouraging financial excesses instead of countering the extremes .
“ The pattern that has developed over the last two decades , ” she wrote in 2008 , “ suggests that relying on changes in interest rates as the primary tool of monetary policy can set off pro-cyclical foreign capital flows that tend to reverse the intended result of the action taken .
As a result , monetary policy can no longer reliably perform its counter - cyclical function–its raison d’être–and its attempts to do so may exacerbate instability . ” …
The Fed is also supposed to act as a regulator for banks and their affiliates , but failed miserably in that role as well .
Indeed , the central bankers ’ central banker – BIS – has itself slammed the Fed :
In a pointed attack on the US Federal Reserve , [ BIS and its chief economist William White ] said central banks would not find it easy to “ clean up ” once property bubbles have burst …
Nor does it exonerate the watchdogs .
“ How could such a huge shadow banking system emerge without provoking clear statements of official concern ? ”
“ The fundamental cause of today ’s emerging problems was excessive and imprudent credit growth over a long period .
Policy interest rates in the advanced industrial countries have been unusually low , ” [ White ] said .
The Fed and fellow central banks instinctively cut rates lower with each cycle to avoid facing the pain .
The effect has been to put off the day of reckoning …
“ Should governments feel it necessary to take direct actions to alleviate debt burdens , it is crucial that they understand one thing beforehand .
If asset prices are unrealistically high , they must fall .
If savings rates are unrealistically low , they must rise .
If debts cannot be serviced , they must be written off .
“ To deny this through the use of gimmicks and palliatives will only make things worse in the end , ” he said .
As PhD economist Steve Keen has pointed out , the Fed ( along with Treasury ) has also given money to the wrong people to kick - start the economy .
Remember also that Greenspan acted as one of the main supporters of derivatives ( including credit default swaps ) between the late 1990 ’s and the present ( and see this ) .
Greenspan was also one of the main cheerleaders for subprime loans ( and see this ) .
The above list is only partial .
And it ignores :
(1 ) allegations that the Fed has manipulated the markets ; and
( 2 ) claims that the Federal Reserve System saddles the U.S. government and American people with trillions of dollars in unnecessary debt ( that would not be incurred if the government took back the “ power to coin money ” granted to the government itself in the Constitution ) .
Even so , it shows that the Federal Reserve has performed very poorly indeed .
Malaria is spread by mosquitoes
An emerging new form of malaria poses a deadly threat to humans , research has shown .
It had been thought the parasite Plasmodium knowlesi infected only monkeys .
But it has recently been found to be widespread in humans in Malaysia , and the latest study confirms that it can kill if not treated quickly .
The work , by an international team , appears in the journal Clinical Infectious Diseases .
The increase in tourism in Southeast Asia may mean that more cases are detected in the future , including in Western countries
Professor Balbir Singh
University Malaysia Sarawak
Although the new form of the disease has so far been concentrated in South East Asia , the researchers warn that tourism to the region could soon see cases appearing in Western countries too .
Malaria kills more than a million people each year .
It is caused by malaria parasites , which are injected into the bloodstream by infected mosquitoes .
Of the four species of malaria parasite that often cause disease in humans , P. falciparum , found most commonly in Africa , is the most deadly .
Another parasite , P. malariae , found in tropical and sub-tropical regions across the globe , has symptoms that are usually less serious .
P. knowlesi had been thought only to infect monkeys , in particular long - tailed and pig- tailed macaques found in the rainforests of South East Asia .
But following work by a team at the University Malaysia Sarawak it has now been recognised as a significant cause of disease in humans .
The latest study shows that P. knowlesi can easily be confused with P. malariae under the microscope .
Speedy reproduction
However , unlike its cousin , P. knowlesi has the ability to reproduce every 24 hours in the blood - meaning infection is potentially deadly .
Researcher Professor Balbir Singh said this meant early diagnosis and treatment were crucial .
The researchers carried out tests on over 150 patients admitted to hospital in Sarawak , Malaysian Borneo , between July 2006 and January 2008 with malaria infection .
They found that P. knowlesi accounted for more than two - thirds of the infections , resulting in a wide spectrum of disease .
Most cases of infection were uncomplicated and easily treated with drugs , including chloroquine and primaquine .
However , around one in ten patients had developed complications , such as breathing difficulties and kidney problems , and two died .
Although the fatality rate was just under 2 % , that made P. knowlesi as deadly as P. falciparum malaria .
And the researchers stress it is hard to determine an accurate fatality rate given the small number of cases so far studied .
Low platelet count
All of the P. knowlesi patients had a low blood platelet count , significantly lower than that usually found for other types of malaria .
However , even though blood platelets are essential for blood clotting , no cases of excessive bleeding or problems with clotting were identified .
The researchers believe the low blood platelet count could be used as a potential way to diagnose P. knowlesi infections .
Professor Singh said : " The increase in tourism in South East Asia may mean that more cases are detected in the future , including in Western countries .
" Clinicians assessing a patient who has visited an area with known or possible P. knowlesi transmission should be aware of the diagnosis , clinical manifestations , and rapid and potentially serious course of P. knowlesi malaria . "
Dr Kevin Baird , a malaria expert at the University of Oxford , said the study discredited the long - standing theory that malaria does not cross from species to species .
However , he said it was unclear what proportion of all malaria cases were likely to be due to P. knowlesi infection in the future .
He said : " We just do not know the scale of the problem . "
Dr Baird added that the P. knowlesi parasite has previously been used as a therapy for advanced syphilis .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Collectif Solidarité Kanaky , translation and introduction for Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal by Annolies Truman
* * *
August 12 , 2009 -- On August 6 , a general strike in Kanaky ( or the French overseas territory of New Caledonia ) was called off after an accord between the trade union confederation USTKE ( Federation of Unions of Kanak Workers and the Exploited ) and Air Caledonia was finally signed by the airline .
The signing of the accord , which had been negotiated on June 11 , put an end to 10 days of demonstrations , roadblocks and violent confrontations with police , motivated as much by a desire for independence and decolonisation , as by the issue of industrial justice .
The conflict originated with the unfair dismissal of an Air Caledonia employee in March for “ betraying commercial confidentiality ” for telling her mother that her father had taken a flight with his mistress .
It accelerated on May 28 with the arrest of twenty - eight unionists at a press conference at Noumea Airport during a day of action called by USTKE to support the striking airline workers .
The mobile police and the National Police Intervention Group intervened , pushing the demonstrators onto the tarmac .
Twenty - eight of them took refuge in an empty plane to protect themselves against a stream of tear gas .
Despite the fact that there were no planes in circulation at the time and it was the police action which disrupted the demonstration , the twenty - eight were charged with “ hindering the flight of an aircraft ” .
Tensions reached a new high on June 29 when the USTKE unionists were given prison sentences .
According to USTKE , the judgement targeted the leadership of the union , particularly the president , Gérard Jodar , and the general secretary of the construction union , Michel Safoka , both now serving one year prison sentences .
With the airline dragging its feet on signing the accord , USTKE launched a call for a general strike on July 27 .
Workers and residents responded with numerous actions , growing in intensity .
On August 5 in the working class suburb of Montravel , 1500 youths threw stones at a truck convoy coming from Noumea ’s port with a police escort , forcing it to turn back .
In the Saint Louis tribal area , a policeman was shot in the thigh during a confrontation between youth and the police .
The conflict has drawn on deep discontent at the social inequalities between indigenous Kanaks and neighbouring Islanders on the one hand , and French settlers and residents on the other .
According to the August 7 France 2 Telejournal , a quarter of the population in Kanaky is living below the poverty threshold , 4 times more than on the French mainland .
Many young people are unemployed .
A young Kanak interviewed complained that those who come from Europe get a job within two to three months , whereas many locals , especially youth , are unemployed .
Since USTKE formed the political party Parti Travailliste ( PT , Kanaky Labour Party ) , it has been criticising the co-option of the Kanak Socialist National Liberation Front ( FLNKS ) , the pro-independence liberation of the 1980s .
The PT ’s radical pro-independence stance resonates with the dispossessed and explains the intensity of recent events .
Fearing a return to the insurrectional climate of the 1980s , the conservative president of the government of the French overseas territory , Philippe Gomes , intervened to persuade Air Caledonia to sign the accord .
The recent events in Kanaky mirror the general strikes held earlier in the year in other French overseas territories , such as Guadaloupe and Martinique , where unionists highlighted the inequalities suffered by the islands with regard to France and their barely disguised colonial status , and won significant concessions .
Marie - Pierre Goyetche , USTKE ’s general secretary , told the French newspaper Liberation on August 7 that the union had suspended the general strike , but would continue to mobilise until its leaders were released .
The newspaper Humanite quotes the union as promising “ a second phase of mobilisation ” , with a day of action called for August 22 , three days before the appeal hearing of the six imprisoned union leaders .
Petition : Appeal for the immediate release of USTKE trade unionists in Kanaky
By Collectif Solidarité Kanaky
On June 29 , 2009 , in Noumea , Kanaky [ also known by its colonial name of New Caledonia -– Kanaky is a colony of France ] twenty - eight members of USTKE ( Federation of Unions of Kanak Workers and the Exploited ) were given prison sentences .
Six of them , whose committal orders were read out in court , are now serving time at Camp Est , a prison which is already overpopulated .
The judgement targeted the leadership of the union , particularly the president Gérard Jodar , sentenced to one year ’s imprisonment , and the general secretary of the construction union , Michel Safoka , also given one year .
The official grounds for the guilty verdict are “ hindering the flight of an aircraft ” .
On Thursday May 28 , a day of action organised by USTKE , during a protest outside Noumea Airport to support Air Caledonia workers who had been fighting for two months against a wrongful dismissal , mobile police and the GIPN ( Intervention Group of the National Police ) pushed the unionists onto the tarmac .
Twenty - eight of them took refuge in an empty plane to protect themselves against a stream of tear gas .
At the time of the police intervention , there were no planes in circulation and it was the very action of the police which disrupted the demonstration .
The verdict is a political verdict against the pro-independence union federation .
Those in power are trying to muzzle the territory ’s foremost organisation for defending the rights of all workers , whether they be Kanak [ the Indigenous people of Kanaky ] or of other origins .
In this far - away colony where there are no industrial tribunals , employees are often forced to lead long conflicts to assert their rights , faced with arrogant bosses who mock their dignity .
We refuse to accept either the growing criminalisation of union action or unionists ’ imprisonment .
We demand the immediate release of the USTKE unionists and their leaders .
To sign this petition , please send your name , town , country and organisation ( and position if you hold one ) to : contact@solidaritekanaky.org .
Visit Collectif Solidarité Kanaky 's website at http://solidaritekanaky.org.
PÉTITION : Appel pour la libération immédiate des syndicalistes de l’USTKE
Por Collectif Solidarité Kanaky
Le 29 juin à Nouméa , vingt huit militants de l’USTKE ( Union des syndicats des travailleurs kanaks et des exploités ) ont été condamnés à des peines de prison .
Pour six d’entre eux , un mandat de dépôt a été prononcé à l’audience , ils sont depuis incarcérés au Camp Est , une prison déjà surpeuplée .
C’est la direction du syndicat qui est visée par ce jugement dont le président Gérard Jodar ( un an ferme ) et le secrétaire général de la fédération du bâtiment Michel Safoka ( un an ferme également ) .
Le motif officiel de la condamnation est « entrave à la circulation d’un aéronef » : le jeudi 28 mai , une journée de mobilisation était organisée par l’USTKE , au cours du rassemblement devant l’aérodrome de Nouméa de soutien aux salariés d’Air Calédonie en lutte depuis 2 mois contre un licenciement abusif , les gendarmes mobiles et le GIPN sont intervenus violement repoussant les syndicalistes sur le tarmac .
Vingt huit militants se sont réfugiés dans un avion vide pour se protéger de la pluie de gaz lacrymogène .
A l’heure de l’intervention aucun avion ne circulait et c’est l’intervention policière qui a désorganisé le trafic par la suite .
Le verdict rendu est un verdict politique contre le syndicat indépendantiste .
Le pouvoir cherche à museler la première organisation du territoire qui défend les droits de tous les travailleurs , qu’ils soient kanaks ou d’autres origines .
Dans cette lointaine colonie où les prud’hommes n’existent pas , les salariés sont souvent amenés à mener des conflits longs pour faire valoir leurs droits face à un patronat arrogant qui bafoue leur dignité .
Nous refusons la criminalisation croissante de l’action syndicale et l’emprisonnement de syndicalistes
Nous exigeons la libération immédiate des militants de l’USTKE et de leurs dirigeants .
http://solidaritekanaky.org
contact@solidaritekanaky.org
Welcome back to the Ancient Chinese Story blog everyone .
Today ’s post is more of a dialogue between a Chinese husband and Chinese wife .
This is set in the present time and is originally in the modern Chinese style of writing .
This is a comical conversation between a husband and a wife .
Today I will be translating this comical Chinese story from my level 5 Chinese textbook .
This story ’s title translated is called , “ Splitting The House Work . ”
Enjoy the story :
_________
Husband :
It ’s already been half a year since the two of us got married , in those six months we lived with our parents , we did not have much to do in the house , and there were n’t any big problems .
Starting from tommorow , we will have are own home , and we need to divide up the housework .
Now men and women are equal , after work , I should also do some housework .
Wife :
Excellent !
Now I have planned out how we can divide the things to do like you said .
First , men should do the dirty work , such as cleaning the kitchen , tidying up the rooms and things like taking out the trash .
Husband :
Correct ,
These types of chores , I can do them all .
Wife :
You studied construction , I studied art , working on electronic things you should also be responsible for , like the washing machine , refrigerator , electric rice cooker and the iron .
Husband :
Fine !
It is my responsibility .
Wife :
Men work outside while women work at home .
This is our Chinese people ’s tradition .
We should follow the foreigners way where you also do some work .
Every Saturday you go to the supermarket and buy some things , every month you will go to the bank and pay for the gas and water heating bills , every morning you will go to pick up the newspaper and the milk .
Husband :
Fine , Fine , then what shall you do ?
Wife :
Do n’t get anxious .
Listen to what I say , because I am a dancer for a living , To cook food in the kitchen ; the oil and smoke is too much , the cleanser to clean the bowls and scrubbing the pots will affect my skin , therefore these few things you will need to do for me as well .
Doing these things will greatly assist me with my own work .
Husband :
Is there anything else you want me to do ?
Wife :
At the moment I only can think of these few things .
Later on when we are going to have children , it will be necessary for you to take on even more responsibilities .
Husband :
So then tell me just what are you going to do !
Wife :
I of course have a lot of things I have to do as well .
I can be your support .
While you work I can sing for you , and give you supportive words and wipe away your sweat , and let you go about your chores happily .
Husband :
With this type of work , can it be possible to be in a pleasant mood ?
____
When I first this comical tale , I thought immediately of people in Shanghai .
Often I have noticed this how the women tend to be there ; very strict , bossy and controlling yet the men are so kind and passive .
Ironically I later found out that this was the stereotype as well ( but not always the case ) .
Of course , there still are households that follow the old Chinese ways , but with globalization and modernization , people can see a gradual shift .
This is what happens when you inter meld cultural beliefs .
Though in some ways it is nice to see beneficial changes , some old Chinese traditions are good and are being lost today in modern China .
That ’s all for today post , I do n’t have any pictures suited for this Chinese conversation , so today I will leave you guys with the words for husband and wife at the bottom .
Till the next Chinese story everyone .
先生=Husband
太太=Wife
Dedicated Mid-Michigan Family Law Attorneys
A DIFFERENT APPROACH TO FAMILY LAW
At the law office of Bailey & Terranova , our attorneys and staff offer personalized and tailored representation to clients across the Central Michigan region .
Our dedicated Mid-Michigan family law attorneys have more than 90 years of combined experience .
PERSONALIZED REPRESENTATION
When visiting our firm to meet with one of our Michigan attorneys , you will be meeting with the lawyer who will be handling your case from start to finish .
We provide a level of one - on - one service that large firms simply cannot match .
We Help Families With Legal Issues Our Okemos law office is devoted to helping families work through their legal issues such as divorce and related matters , including child support and child custody .
We can also help individuals with property division and alimony or spousal support .
Providing Skilled Divorce Representation in the Greater Okemos - Lansing Area
Contemplating divorce is difficult .
The emotional stress of the loss of a relationship , coupled with the possibility of an unpleasant trial in court and the unknown fate of your future , can feel overwhelming .
To alleviate some of this stress and avoid a hostile situation , turn to the skilled and compassionate legal team at the law office of Bailey & Terranova .
Our entire staff is dedicated to vigorously standing up for our clients and protecting their rights throughout the course of a divorce .
At the office of Bailey & Terranova , our lawyers have over 100 years of combined experience handling divorce and family law matters for clients across the Okemos and Lansing area .
As members of the American Divorce Association for Men ( ADAM ) , we have experience protecting the rights of fathers and husbands in all matters that stem from a divorce .
Although we are known as aggressive advocates for men's and fathers ' rights , our firm handles divorce matters on behalf of both men and women .
Through our client - centered approach , we are able to assess your needs and vigorously advocate for your rights .
From complex marital estates to post - judgment issues , we are committed to representing all clients with integrity , addressing their children and divorce issues as efficiently and effectively as possible .
517-235-3081
Le Mans style racing is the place where enviro - friendly ideas like biofuels and hybrids are put to the test .
The successes of the Audi and Peugeot diesels at Le Mans are well known , and here in the states the American Le Mans Series has ushered in a series of initiatives to make racing greener .
The latest standard bearer is the Ginetta - Zytek hybrid racer from Corsa Motorsports .
The Corsa squad will be running the hybrid in anger for the first time this weekend at the ALMS race at Lime Rock Park in Connecticut , and although they could be considered a privateer effort in comparison to the likes of Audi and Peugeot , it 's not like they have n't done their homework .
" The car is homolagated homologated – fully legal to race as a hybrid – and is no longer running as a conventional race car come Lime Rock , " team crew chief Adrian Lindsey said in a statement .
" This has been a long time coming .
We are excited to show people what we 've been working on all these months . "
The Corsa GZ - 09 - SH
Hybrid competes in the top tier LMP1 category of ALMS competition and features a kinetic - energy - recovery system similar to what Ferrari , McLaren and BMW are wrestling with in Formula 1 this year .
The Ginetta - Zytek Hybrid system uses the kinetic energy otherwise dispelled as thermal energy through the brakes and converts it to DC voltage stored in a lithium - ion battery .
The generator that accomplishes this also is geared to the input shaft of the gearbox .
When the driver wants it , the energy stored in the battery is dumped into the drivetrain and onto the tarmac via the huge racing slicks out back .
The electric motor in the KERS system is an asynchronous design and is oil - cooled .
Mounted in the bellhousing and geared to the input shaft of the gearbox , it cranks out 45 kilowatts ( about 60 horsepower ) of peak power at a maximum speed of 14,000 rpm .
The inverter has a peak power of 45 kilowatts and has a peak three - phase current of a whopping 230 amps .
The peak voltage is up to 400 volts DC .
Most impressive is the battery – a liquid - cooled lithium - ion pack located to balance out the weight of driver and improve chassis performance .
It weighs just 23 kilograms , a surprisingly low figure .
The proof is in the pudding , and the fat will be in the fire at Lime Rock to see if Corsa Motorsports and drivers Johnny Mowlem and Stefan Johansson can turn their idea into trophy gold .
Photos : Corsa Motorsports
See Also :
Even in the midst of a global economic downturn there is one company , it would seem , that is resistant to the recession .
Ca n't think of the household name that has bucked the slump ?
Try Googling it .
The internet search company was the biggest winner in the definitive list of the 100 most valuable global brands published today .
Unsurprisingly , given the events of the last 12 months , banks and financial service companies accounted for four of the top five biggest fallers in the Interbrand top 100 .
The brand value of investment bank UBS was halved to $ 4.37 bn ( £ 2.65 bn ) from $ 8.74bn a year ago .
Financial firms Citi , Morgan Stanley , American Express , and HSBC suffered double - digit declines in the value of their brands , as did JP Morgan and Goldman Sachs .
Google , which dominates the global search market and has expanded into software , video , email , mapping and web browsing , saw its brand value soar by 25 % in the last 12 months – more than any other company in the top 100 – to $ 31.98 bn .
The search company led a strong performance by the technology sector , with big rises for Amazon , BlackBerry and Apple , which broke into the top 20 global brands for the first time on the back of a 12 % rise in its brand value to $ 15.43bn .
Clothing retailers Zara and H&M also saw double - digit rises despite the recession and were applauded by Interbrand for offering " affordable enjoyment in chaotic and worrying times " .
Top - tier luxury brands such as Ferrari also did well .
" Brands need to collect loyalty and the trust in financial services has diminished for obvious reasons , " said Graham Hales , managing director of Interbrand UK , blaming economic instability and the " perceived lack of security " among banks for their poor performance .
" It is now becomes a question of how they move on from this position , " Hales added .
" The market feels like it has been hit by a hurricane , and there is clearly still a long - term lack of confidence in these brands .
You need to rebuild very quickly to get back to a position of strength . "
Barclays , which does not feature in the top 100 because of its lack of global presence , had " actually done very well " , said Hales .
" They have demonstrated a greater sense of confidence and conviction in their brand .
They opted away from taking the government bailout and they are re-emerging faster than the others . "
The top five brands in 2009 were identical to the top five of 2008 .
Coca - Cola topped the poll with a value of $ 68.73 bn – up 3 % – followed by IBM , Microsoft , GE and the highest - ranked non-US company , Finnish mobile phone producer Nokia .
The recession appears not to have dulled consumers ' appetite for fast food , with sixth - placed McDonald 's one of four high street fast food outlets in the top 100 , along with KFC , Burger King and Pizza Hut , which all rose up this year 's list .
Harley - Davidson fell 23 places and lost 43 % of its brand value .
Hales attributed the drop to the " changing nature of male bravado " .
" We do n't feel so smart sitting on top of a big noisy polluting engine anymore .
Conversely , Ferrari has held its own because it is a top luxury brand and it produces so few cars each year that it is relatively unexposed to the overall dynamics of the market . "
Interbrand 's survey is based on factors , including the economic earnings that a brand creates and the role that it plays in driving demand for a company 's products and services .
She may have missed out on the MasterChef Australia title to Julie Goodwin but runner - up Poh Ling Yeow has not left the series empty - handed .
She has secured her own cooking show on the ABC along with a two - book deal with ABC Books .
The ABC confirmed yesterday that production will begin in November on the series Poh 's Kitchen in her home town of Adelaide .
The year - long series will see the 35 - year - old artist travelling across the nation trying new recipes .
Her first book is due for release next year and will be followed by a second in 2011 .
Stand by to become much more familiar with the thousand - year - old egg .
Read more of The Diary
There is no denying that the Netflix on the 360 is being used by gamers all over at any given time .
PlayStation owners have been wanting this service for some time now .
And according to CEO Reed Hastings , Netflix on the PS3 is not a lost cause .
Hastings stated that though it is exclusive to the 360 for now , that could all change with time .
Hastings stated that he would like to bring the service to all current - gen consoles at some point .
This is not only gaming consoles he was referring to either .
The streaming market possibilities are seemingly endless .
Not only is Hastings wanting to bring it to gaming consoles , but also internet capable televisions , Blu - Ray players , and even phones such as the iPhone .
And if it can happen on the iPhone , we do n’t see why it could n’t come to the PSP or PSP Go .
[ Source ]
BEIJING -- China 's industry and technology minister said the government will " absolutely not " force the mass installation of Internet - filtering software on personal computers , in Beijing 's clearest climb - down to date on the software , which has aroused concerns over Internet users ' freedom in China .
Li Yizhong said China will continue to install the software , called Green Dam - Youth Escort , on computers at schools , in Internet cafes , and in other public places .
After meeting fierce resistance from foreign computer makers and Chinese Internet users , the plan to require the software to be shipped with all computers sold in the country was delayed indefinitely in June .
Mr. Li said Thursday the software was always intended to be optional and not a mandatory installation , adding that the regulations were unclear when first released by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology in May .
The regulation " was n't fully considered , and not expressed clearly , and gave everyone the impression that this is mandatory , " he said .
A new study by University of Arizona researchers presents detailed estimates of global extinction from climate change by 2070 .
By combining information on recent extinctions from climate change , rates of species movement and different projections of future climate , they estimate that one in three species of plants and animals may face extinction .
A drama charting the collapse , not just of a bank , but of the stability of the world 's financial system .
The Day That Lehman Died , by Matthew Solon .
Recorded for World Drama in New York .
A drama charting the collapse of one of the oldest and largest investment banks in the world , which sparked the beginnings of the global recession .
On 15 September 2008 , Lehman Brothers filed for the largest bankruptcy in US history .
It sent the already unstable markets into an uncontrollable tailspin .
How did the ' big beasts ' of Wall Street make this critical decision ?
They held in their hands the future , not just of a bank , but the stability of the global financial system .
Starring : John Shea , John Rothman , Rob Campbell and Mark La Mara .
Directed by John Dryden , Goldhawk Productions .
( Image : Lehman Brothers headquarters in New York City .
Credit : Getty )
Advertisement
If you upload videos to YouTube and feel restricted by the 1GB limit , YouTube now offers 2GB of wiggle room as well as the ability to directly link to and embed high definition video .
To share a link that points directly to the HD version of a video , tack on " &hd=1 " to the end of the URL .
To embed a high - def video on a website or blog , click the ' customize ' button ( located to the right of the embed box ) , then check ' play in HD ' .
YouTube recommends embedding HD videos at 853x505 for " maximum enjoyment " .
My customize field had yet to show the " play in HD " option , but the feature should roll out to all users soon .
Advertisement
And while you 're YouTubing , be sure to browse our top 10 YouTube hacks for other ways to enhance your streaming experience .
Top 10 YouTube Hacks Click to viewSummer 's ending , and with it goes a certain sense of taking it easier , relaxing a bit Read more
Upload Size Doubles + HD Tips [ YouTube Blog ]
Travel is one of the most popular pastimes during holiday seasons but why not spice up your next trip by having a theme : a spooky travel theme .
This list looks at ten of the scariest places on the face of the earth ( many of which are unlikely to be known to the average person ) .
Be sure to name any others you think worthy of inclusion in the comments .
10 Hill of Crosses Lithuania
The Hill of Crosses , Kryzi ?
Kalnas , located 12 kilometers north of the small industrial city of Siauliai ( pronounced shoo - lay ) is the Lithuanian national pilgrimage center .
Standing upon a small hill are many hundreds of thousands of crosses that represent Christian devotion and a memorial to Lithuanian national identity .
The origin of the first crosses is unknown , but despite repeated attempts by the occupying communists in the 20th century to destroy the hill and remove the crosses , they still come back in their thousands .
You can view a panoramic image of the hill here .
While the subject is not scary in itself , the concept of a hill with mysterious crosses appearing is a little disturbing .
9 St Louis Cemetery 1
It would be wrong to write a list like this without the inclusion of at least one cemetery .
Saint Louis Cemetery is the name of three Roman Catholic cemeteries in New Orleans , Louisiana .
All of these graves are above ground vaults ; most were constructed in the 18th century and 19th century .
The above - ground tombs , which some say are required here because the ground water levels make burial impractical in New Orleans , are strongly reminiscent of the tombs of Père Lachaise cemetery in Paris .
St. Louis Cemetery # 1 is the oldest and most famous .
It has been in continuous use since its foundation .
Due to crime risks , it is inadvisable for individual tourists to visit the cemetery on their own , but it can be safely visited with tour groups .
The renown Voodoo priestess Marie Laveau is believed to be interred in the Glapion family crypt .
Other notable New Orleanians here include Bernard de Marigny – the French - Creole playboy who brought the game of craps to the United States , Barthelemy Lafon – the architect and surveyor who allegedly became one of Jean Lafitte ’s pirates , and Paul Morphy , one of the earliest world champions of chess .
Delphine LaLaurie , the murderous socialite is also rumored to lay in rest here .
8 Mary King ’s Close
For years the hidden underground closes of Mary King ’s Close , in the Old Town area of Edinburgh , Scotland , have been shrouded in myths and mysteries .
Tales of ghosts and murders , and myths of plague victims being walled up and left to die abounded .
in 1645 life of the close was shattered forever .
The plague struck this little community and there is a tale that the local council decided to contain the plague by incarcerating the victims , bricking up the close for several years and leaving them to die inside to die .
It is likely that this is why the close was nicknamed ‘ street of sorrows ’ .
It certainly has a reputation of being haunted , one ghost of a little girl ‘ Annie ’ has become something of a local celebrity .
Sad because she had lost her favorite doll , there is now a room full of gifts left by visitors for her .
Pictured above is the plague suit of Dr George Rae who worked in the area .
7 Leap Castle Oubliette Ireland
Leap Castle is an Irish castle in County Offaly , about four miles north of the town of Roscrea .
It was built in 1250 and in 1659 , the castle passed by marriage into the ownership of the Darby family .
Many people were imprisoned and executed in the castle , and it is supposedly haunted by several spectres , the most terrifying of these beings is a small hunched creature whose apparition is said to be accompanied by a rotting stench of a decomposing corpse and the smell of sulphur .
Not far from there , workers discovered an oubliette ( pictured above ) , which is a dungeon where people are locked away and forgotten about .
There are spikes at the bottom of this shaft , and when workers were cleaning it out , it took them three cartloads to carry out all the human bones at the bottom .
A report indicates that these workmen also found a pocket - watch dated to the 1840s amongst the bones .
There are no indications of whether or not the oubliette was still in use in that period .
Restoration work is being undertaken so this is an ideal future travel destination .
6 Château de Machecoul France
The Château de Machecoul was home to Gilles de Rais ( 1404 – 1440 ) , a Breton knight , the companion - in - arms of Joan of Arc , and a Marshal of France , but best known as a prolific serial killer of children .
In 1434 –35 , he retired from military life , dabbled in the occult , and depleted his wealth by staging an extravagant theatrical spectacle of his own composition .
Sometime between spring 1432 and spring 1433 , the first child - murder occurred and was followed by similar crimes .
The victims may have numbered in the hundreds .
After raping the boys he kidnapped , he would slash their throats and masturbate in their blood and innards .
The court transcripts from his trial state :
“ when the said children were dead , he kissed them and those who had the most handsome limbs and heads he held up to admire them , and had their bodies cruelly cut open and took delight at the sight of their inner organs ; and very often when the children were dying he sat on their stomachs and took pleasure in seeing them die and laughed … ”
He was executed by hanging at Nantes on 26 October 1440 .
Gilles de Rais was the inspiration behind the tale of Bluebeard .
All of his crimes took place in the Castle of Machecoul which remains to this day ( though in ruins ) .
The victims bodies were stuffed in the walls , dropped down chimneys , and buried around the site .
5 Poenari Castle Romania
Do not be fooled by those who tell you to visit Bran Castle in Romania to see the home of the evil Vlad the Impaler ( inspiration for Dracula ) .
Bran castle is a tourist attraction and there is no known evidence that Vlad Tepes ever stayed there .
However , not so far away is the ruin of Poenari Castle – Vlad ’s real home in Wallachia .
It was erected around the beginning of the 13th century by the first Romanian rulers in the South region of Romania .
Around the 14th century , Poenari was the main citadel of the Basarab rulers .
In the next few decades , the name and the residents changed a few times but eventually the castle was abandoned and left in ruins .
However , in the 15th century , realizing the potential for a castle perched high on a steep precipice of rock , Vlad III the Impaler repaired and consolidated the structure , making it one of his main fortresses .
After Vlad ’s death the castle fell to ruin but it is still standing in part and is available for tourists .
To reach the castle , visitors need to climb 1,500 steps .
The castle is considered to be one of the most haunted places in the world .
[ Image source ]
4 Capuchin Catacombs of Palermo Italy
First of all , these should be not confused with the many bone - houses in Europe ( item 1 ) .
The Capuchin Catacombs of Palermo are burial catacombs in Palermo , Sicily , southern Italy .
Today they provide a somewhat macabre tourist attraction as well as an extraordinary historical record .
In 1599 the monks at the monastery mummified recently - dead brother Silvestro of Gubbio , and placed him into the catacombs .
The bodies were dehydrated on the racks of ceramic pipes in the catacombs and sometimes later washed with vinegar .
Some of the bodies were embalmed and others enclosed in sealed glass cabinets .
Monks were preserved with their everyday clothing and sometimes with ropes they had worn as a penance .
Originally the catacombs were intended only for the dead friars .
However , in the following centuries it became a status symbol to be entombed into the capuchin catacombs .
In their wills , local luminaries would ask to be preserved in certain clothes , or even to have their clothes changed at regular intervals .
The catacombs were officially closed in 1880 but tourists continued to visit .
The last burials are from the 1920s .
One of the very last to be interred was Rosalia Lombardo , then two years old , whose body is still remarkably intact , preserved with a procedure that was lost for decades , but was recently rediscovered .
3 Poveglia Venice
Poveglia is a small island in Venice which was home to Venice ’s plague victims during the three major outbreaks during the middle ages .
It was also used by the Romans for the same reason .
This is an island with an almost exclusive history of death .
In addition to housing dying plague victims and serving as a giant plague pit , it was used as a leper colony for many years .
Just when you think it could n’t get worse , in 1922 a mental hospital was built on the island .
One of the doctors working at the hospital was attacked by the insane patients who threw him off the top of the hospital tower .
The ruins of the hospital remain to this day .
Through its history , over 160,000 people died on the small island .
It is said that part of the island ’s core consists of a layer of human remains and that fishermen avoid the area because they may pull up body parts .
If you want to visit the island you will need to become friendly with some of the locals who keep vineyards there – because public access is absolutely forbidden .
Read more about Poveglia here .
[ Image Source ]
2 Aokigahara Japan
Aokigahara ( also known as the Sea of Trees ) , is a forest that lies at the base of Mount Fuji in Japan .
The caverns found in this forest are rocky and ice - covered annually .
It has been claimed by local residents and visitors that the woods are host to a great amount of paranormal phenomena .
The forest floor consists primarily of volcanic rock and is difficult to penetrate with hand tools such as picks or shovels .
There are also a variety of unofficial trails that are used semi-regularly for the annual “ body hunt ” done by local volunteers .
On some occasions human remains can be found in the distant reaches of the forest , which are usually several years old and consist of scattered bones and incomplete skeletons .
Aokigahara is reportedly the world ’s second most popular suicide location after San Francisco ’s Golden Gate Bridge .
Since the 1950s , more than 500 people have lost their lives in the forest , mostly suicides , with approximately 30 counted yearly .
In 2002 , 78 bodies were found within the forest , replacing the previous record of 73 in 1998 .
The high rate of suicide has led officials to place signs in the forest , urging those who have gone there to commit suicide to seek help and not kill themselves .
For a variety of extremely horrific images of some of the “ finds ” of the body hunters , you can go here ( NSFW ) .
The image above is a makeshift noose found in the forrest .
You can read more about Aokigahara here .
1 European Ossuaries Europe
An ossuary is a chest , building , well , or site made to serve as the final resting place of human skeletal remains .
They are frequently used where burial space is scarce .
All over Europe ossuaries can be found and – fortunately for those of us with a love of the macabre – visited .
Perhaps the most famous is the Catacombs of Paris which are a vast network of skeleton lined caverns beneath the streets of Paris .
The photograph above comes from Santa Maria della Concezione dei Cappuccini , a church in Rome , Italy , commissioned by Pope Urban VIII in 1626 .
The remains of over 4,000 friars can be viewed there .
Some of the skeletons are intact and draped with Franciscan habits ( as above ) , but for the most part , individual bones are used to create elaborate ornamental designs .
This is but one of the many amazing ( and spooky ) ossuaries you can visit .
You can view a large photo gallery and read more about ossuaries here .
Be sure to check out the enormous human skeleton chandelier .
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution - ShareAlike License ; additional terms may apply .
In Depth › Science Features
Spare parts
A bionic eye , a new heart grown in the lab , spinal implants that will help quadriplegics walk again ...
Will we soon be able to replace any body part at will ?
Things have certainly come a long way since Australian scientists first developed the bionic ear 30 years ago .
That first relatively crude cochlear implant has morphed into what one of its creators calls " the world 's most sophisticated medical bionics device " — with researchers now working on versions that will allow users to enjoy music and distinguish individual voices in a crowd .
Scientists are now looking at ways of using the experience gained from the cochlear implant to create a range of other spare parts for the human body .
It 's an endeavour that puts some unlikely experts together in the same room , from doctors and neuroscientists , to experts in wireless technology , to those developing new types of plastic for replacement parts .
^ to top
The bionic eye
If a bionic ear can help the profoundly deaf hear , why not a bionic eye to help the blind see ?
The drive to develop an Australian bionic eye , one of the ideas to come out of the Australia 2020 Summit last year , recently received $ 50 million in Federal Government funding .
Researchers are now working on a device that comprises a very small video camera mounted on a pair of eyeglasses .
Wireless technology connects the camera to the retinal ganglion cells ( a type of neuron located in the retina of the eye ) , which then sends the visual information to the brain for processing .
" The principle is similar to the bionic ear , but there are a lot more technical challenges , " says Professor Rob Shepherd , a member of the team that developed the first cochlear implant and the director of the Bionic Ear Institute , which is collaborating on research into the bionic eye .
While the bionic ear can deliver a useful amount of auditory information with only 22 electrodes , the more complex nature of vision means a useful replacement eye would need at least 100 , perhaps even 1000 electrodes .
Bionic eyes are expected to be most useful for people with retinitis pigmentosa , a genetic disease which typically causes vision loss during the teenage years or early 20s , and for older people with vision loss from age - related macular degeneration .
Children born blind might also benefit down the track .
While the signals the bionic eye sends will probably be pretty crude compared to normal vision , Shepherd says , the adaptability of the human brain — in particular , its ' plasticity ' or ability to learn by forming new connections between neurons — should mean that people with vision loss will eventually be able to interpret the new types of signals .
Australian researchers have already developed a 100 - electrode prototype that could be tested in humans within three years , Shepherd says .
A world first 1000 - electrode model is currently under development here and could be ready for clinical trials in about five years .
^ to top
Regenerating hearts
Axolotls and salamanders can do it , so why can't humans ?
Growing a new limb , or new heart tissue is an automatic response to injury in many reptiles and fish , says Professor Peter Currie , deputy director of the Australian Regenerative Medicine Institute at Monash University .
Apart from bionics , the main strand of research in the drive to create new human body parts is in the field of tissue regeneration .
Unlike bionics , which uses engineering to replace damaged body parts , tissue regeneration aims to harness our body 's intrinsic capacity to regenerate itself .
" The key will be understanding how the animals that can regenerate do it , " Currie says .
" Fish are the champion regenerators : if you cut off their fin it will regrow .
If you cut their heart , it will regrow . "
With cardiovascular disease the leading cause of death in Australia , scientists are trying to find a way of stimulating the human heart to replace or repair muscle tissue .
Unfortunately for humans , once our heart sustains damage — for example , the cell death that occurs during a heart attack — it is damaged for good , a situation which can mean a poor outcome for survivors , including heart failure and death .
Human hearts do have an intrinsic capacity to regenerate , at least in theory , Currie says .
They contain cells that multiply in the laboratory when extracted , behaving very much like stem cells — those embryonic or adult cells that have the capacity to develop into any cell in the body .
The challenge for scientists is to find a way of stimulating these cells to start regenerating while they are still in our bodies .
Research groups in the USA and UK are working on a protein called thymosin beta 4 , essential for the development of the embryonic heart .
It encourages the growth of new heart cells , particularly those related to blood vessels , and improves the function of the heart following damage — in mice at least .
The protein is currently being tested in the first phase of human clinical trials in healthy volunteers and , if safe , will be tested in people with heart damage .
Researchers around the globe are now on the hunt for a molecule that would stimulate regrowth of , not just blood vessels , but heart muscle , Currie says — a breakthrough that would bring dramatic improvements for patients .
Growing an entire human heart in a Petri dish is still a long way off , he says .
Although we are beginning to understand how to use stem cells to grow bone , muscle or nerve , we do n't yet know how to make a complex system like a heart that incorporates many different types of cells .
^ to top
Let them walk again
Swifter results may come from research that combines the normally separate fields of tissue regeneration and bionics .
The emerging field of bionic regeneration is developing polymer implants that can be used to stimulate cell regeneration in people with spinal cord injuries , or other neural or muscle damage that the human body cannot repair on its own .
A team at the Intelligent Polymer Research Institute at the University of Wollongong is working on a bionic polymer implant that could allow paraplegics to walk again .
This implant delivers electrical stimulation to the damaged spinal cord , encouraging it to grow and repair itself , while also providing a bio - friendly scaffold for the new cells to attach to .
Polymers are the material of choice for such bionic devices because they are more easily tolerated by the body than metals , but can still be used to conduct an electrical signal .
The implants could also contain proteins and other molecules that would help promote nerve growth .
The Holy Grail , says team leader Professor Gordon Wallace , is a device that biodegrades when its job is done , using the energy produced by its own dissolution to power the electrical signals .
Wallace hopes to begin testing the spinal implant in animals within two years , with human trials to follow if successful .
^ to top
An expanding catalogue
Fixing a faulty heart , ears , eyes and legs are just the beginning .
Faced with an aging population , scientists around the world are working on dramatically expanding the catalogue of available spare parts for the human body , from growing replacement arteries within our own bodies , to developing a robotic arm that can be controlled directly by neural impulses from the brain .
Bionic eye researcher Shepherd believes the country that produced the first bionic ear is uniquely placed to make a contribution to that effort .
" I am very passionate about this subject , " he says .
" I think there 's a real opportunity in Australia to be world leaders in this area . "
^ to top
All charges have been dropped against Chris Illingworth , the man who was charged for republishing on a video - sharing site a video of a man swinging a baby by its arms like a rag doll .
The move to discontinue the prosecution comes just days after this website revealed that Queensland Police wanted to send Illingworth to jail for up to 20 years on child - abuse charges over a video the Federal Government 's own censors had classified MA15 +.
A scene from the clip and , inset , Chris Illingworth .
It raises questions about the Queensland Police investigation , the legal framework governing child - abuse offences and the decision to charge and prosecute Illingworth in the first place .
A spokeswoman for the Commonwealth Director of Public Prosecutions said : " This prosecution was discontinued yesterday after the matter was reviewed by the CDPP ... taking into account all of the circumstances involved including the classification given to the material by the Classification Board . "
Getting a business loan in this economy can be more difficult than landing a reservation at French Laundry in Napa , California .
Now try selling the loan officer on an open source hardware project where the blueprints will be given away .
That 's why the hardware hacking community is turning inwards to fund its ideas .
Two open source hardware enthusiasts , Justin Huynh and Matt Stack , have started the Open Source Hardware Bank to fund hardware projects such as the microcontroller board pictured above .
The fledgling bank is funding only open source hardware projects using capital raised from other hardware geeks .
It 's like a community of Facebook friends borrowing and lending among themselves — a peer - to - peer bank .
" This speaks to the rise of the do - it - yourselfer , someone who is not just a consumer but also a producer , inventor and investor , " says Huynh .
" But someone also ought to be thinking about the money problem when it comes to open source hardware and we are doing just that . "
The open source concept has traditionally been applied to software , but open source hardware is rapidly gaining ground .
A fast - growing community of inventors is publishing the specs for a wide range of hardware , from CPUs and graphic cards to MP3 players and even a laptop .
The idea is to let anyone take the designs , build on them , and profit from the work of the group — while contributing enhancements back to the community at large .
But open source hardware requires more financial investment than open source software .
It is n't as easy as downloading a few open source programs on to your existing computer , explains Stack .
" With open source hardware you do n't get a finished product until you have put in some money , " he says .
For instance , there 's the cost of the printed circuit boards , the solder and the components .
" To build open source software you just need to set up a project on Sourceforge , " says Huynh .
" But if you get open source hardware wrong , it burns a hole in the wallet . "
The Open Source Hardware Bank , which is n't yet fully up and running as a federally regulated lending institution , allows those interested in open source hardware to make investments in specific projects , then ( hopefully ) reap returns ranging from 5 percent to 15 percent from the successful sale of the projects .
For the creators , the bank offers funding that could bring down the costs of their project and give them the stimulus to try out new ideas .
" The way the bank works is the more you build , the cheaper it gets , " says Stack , who in the true open source spirit first laid out the idea on his blog .
So far nearly 70 people have signed up as lenders for the bank .
Huynh and Stack are managing the process through an Open Office Calc spreadsheet and an open source statistics program called R .
They soon hope to bring it online through the Open Source Hardware Bank website that lists some of the initial projects that have been funded .
Lenders are offered returns based on a rolling six - month average so dud projects will be offset by sales of profitable ones .
It takes just a few deals to strike it big , Huynh and Stack say , and because it is a community that is not just passionate but also knowledgeable , better projects are likely to get funded .
The promise of returns is enough to get former investment banker Andrew de Montille excited .
" I put money in the bank not because I consider it as a charitable investment , " says de Montille .
" Rather , I am very confident that some of the projects will do well enough to be profitable to the investors . "
De Montille wo n't disclose how much money he 's pumped into the bank but says it is " somewhere in the five digits . "
And the returns the bank offers is more than he can find anywhere else in this economy , he says .
" It can be a market - leading investment at this point , " says de Montille .
" Here the loans are being backed up by the actual product , rather than the credit profile of someone . "
The bank borrows a page from the playbook of peer - to - peer lending sites such as Prosper and Zopa .
Before the credit crunch squelched their dreams , the two sites offered borrowers and lenders a way to connect with each other instead of going to banks or other traditional credit institutions .
" There were n't people really speculating and profiteering off that model , " says Huynh .
" It was more about the community getting together and helping . "
Huynh and Stack hope to bring a similar spirit to the Open Source Hardware Bank .
" Groups of people that have strong shared interest are really the perfect place for peer - to - peer financing to work , " says Scott Pitts , former managing director of Zopa U.S.
" As a group they are not out to make a billion dollars , they just want to fund their passion and do it in a sustainable way . "
Huynh and Stack met at an event in New York and found a mutual interest in open source hardware .
Huynh , a pharmaceutical consultant by day , is no open source hardware obsessive .
But he has tinkered with open source electronics enough to realize that there 's a need for more community - funded projects .
Finding the money to chase pet projects is a challenge for hardware geeks .
The Open Source Hardware Bank hopes to help alleviate two main financial problems for DIYers : throwaway costs that result from repeated revisions to physical hardware during the design process , and the inability to take advantage of volume discounts for raw materials .
For every project that comes to the bank , the community will provide funds to build twice as many units as there are potential buyers .
The move would double the number of pieces created and could reduce per-unit costs by around 10 percent to 30 percent .
A promising idea it may be , but in this case the geeks are likely to face serious opposition from the financial regulators , says Paul Kedrosky , angel investor and a senior fellow at the Kauffman Foundation , which focuses on entrepreneurship and innovation .
The Open Source Hardware Bank founders do n't have to flip the pages of history too much to see the fate of peer - to - peer lending ideas in the United States , points out Kedrosky .
Last year , major community lending startup Prosper was forced to shut down by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for not registering with regulators .
" If I put money into a project and am offered some kind of return on a system - wide basis , that requires issuing a security , " says Kedrosky .
" Which means the open source hardware guys will have to go through the same kind of securities registration as Prosper was forced to . "
Zopa 's Pitts agrees that the Open Source Hardware Bank needs to figure out how to navigate through the financial rules of the U.S. market .
" These guys do not have a regulatory strategy and they need one , " he says .
The SEC regulations around peer - to - peer lending SEC issue are n't cut and dry .
Prosper , for instance , was in business for nearly three years and made $ 178 million in loans before the SEC intervened .
With the open source hardware bank , says Pitts , all depends on the kind of promises and the system that is built .
Zopa did not have any SEC related issues as it created a quasi- community lending model and used credit unions as intermediaries .
Right now the Open Source Hardware bank is still navigating through these issues , say Huynh and Stack .
Both say they are still trying to develop the idea and it is still far from its final shape .
" One step at a time , " says Stack .
On Wall Street , the blood bath of the banks is likely to continue .
But for the Open Source Hardware Bank , the doors have just opened for business , they say .
Pitts says they could make it work .
" They have done a good job of articulating their goals and objectives so far , " he says .
" What they need to do is to figure out a way to make it work . "
For more , see Liquidware Antipasto , the open source hardware blog that has details and updates on how the bank will work .
* Updated : An earlier version of the story incorrectly referred to an Excel spreadsheet being used by Justin Huynh and Matt Stack .
They are using an open source program , Calc , instead .
We regret the error .
*
* Top Photo : Illuminato microprocessor that was partly funded by a group of open source hardware enthusiasts . *
* Side Photo : Open Source Hardware Bank Logo includes a wreath of resistors that are not completely connected , with 16 stars etched in hexadecimal to denote the number of initial investors in the bank .
The little circuit in the middle is meant to evoke the back of a printed circuit board . *
Photos : Justin Huynh */ Matt Stack *
HEALTH UPDATES ON TWITTER HEALTH UPDATES ON TWITTER SAN FRANCISCO — Public beaches may be one source of the surging prevalence of the superbug known as multidrug - resistant Staphylococcus aureus , researchers here said Saturday .
A study by researchers at the University of Washington has for the first time identified methicillin - resistant Staph aureus ( MRSA ) in marine water and beach sand from seven public beaches on the Puget Sound .
The researchers identified Staph bacteria on nine of 10 public beaches that they tested .
Seven of 13 Staph aureus samples , found on five beaches , were multidrug resistant , says lead investigator Marilyn Roberts .
" Our results suggest that public beaches may be a reservoir for possible transmission of MRSA , " she told the Interscience Conference on Antimicrobial Agents and Chemotherapy here , the leading international conference on new and resurgent diseases .
Antibiotic - resistant bacteria have been around for almost as long as there have been antibiotics .
Until recently , researchers have been able to outwit them by developing new antibiotics .
Now , however , the pipeline of new antibiotics has slowed , and germs are coming perilously close to winning the race .
The best available treatment for MRSA , vancomycin , is more expensive than other antibiotics and takes a long time to conquer the infection .
" It 's like trying to turn an ocean liner around , " says Henry Chambers of the University of California , San Francisco .
Until a decade ago , most multidrug - resistant Staph aureus infections were found in hospitals among severely ill patients .
That changed about seven years ago with the emergence of a strain hardy enough , and virulent enough to infect healthy people , usually in their skin and soft tissues .
Since about 30 % of healthy people carry Staph aureus , most people are able to survive infection .
But it is fatal in about 20 % of people who develop MRSA bloodstream infections and 40 % of those who develop MRSA pneumonia .
It has emerged as a killer of people with severe influenza , including the new H1N1 , or swine , flu .
Curiously , Roberts says , five of the samples found on the beach and in the sand more closely resembled hospital - acquired MRSA than the bacteria found in the community .
Three of the samples , from three beaches 10 miles apart , were virtually identical , she says .
" One would think they came from the same source , " Roberts added .
The most likely scenario , she says , is that the source is environmental , not human , but " where all of these organisms are coming from and how they 're getting seeded ( on the beaches ) is not clear . "
Tests of ocean water and sand taken from two beaches in Southern California turned up no Staph aureus at all .
Genetic analysis also suggested that the Puget Sound beaches , and maybe others , may represent an " ecosystem , " where bacteria thrive , mingle and swap genes , particularly those confer antibiotic resistance .
Roberts says there may be much more MRSA than her team 's " grab and go " sampling experiments indicated .
" The fact that we found these organisms suggests that the amount is much higher than we previously thought , " she says .
Lance Peterson , a University of Chicago infectious disease specialist who was not involved in the study , says , " Staph is a salt - loving organism .
It 's not surprising to see it in the ocean . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Stock Market Crash , Rosenberg Says this is Your Last Chance !
Over the last several months , we have been very fortunate to read the missives of Gluskin Sheff 's chief economist and strategist , David Rosenberg .
Aside from a stellar career at Merrill Lynch , Mr. Rosenberg gained notoriety for his early " call " on the recession that began in December , 2007 .
Now Mr. Rosenberg is gaining notoriety as the last bear standing .
Despite a 50 % run in the S&P500 and a growing chorus that the economy has turned a corner , Mr. Rosenberg has been steadfast in his resolve :
" This rally is based on a lot of hope that we are going to see a V - shaped economic recovery in the U.S .
The S&P 500 is priced for 4 % real GDP growth .
We do n’t see it . "
I am empathetic towards Mr. Rosenberg as I too have had a cautionary view towards equities since mid-May .
Being cautious while the market goes up day after day and not seeing what everyone else is seeing ( sic ) is very frustrating .
But leave it to Mr. Market .
One minute you are a hero for calling the recession , the next minute you are a goat for missing the recovery .
The market beast can be very humbling .
But truth be told , Mr. Rosenberg could be right in the end , and I believe we are now approaching that juncture in the markets that could prove him right .
In essence , this is his last chance .
In particular , there is a growing divergence between the 10 year Treasury yield , which is falling , and the equity markets , which are rising .
In " Long Term Treasury Yields : Someone Is Going To Be Wrong " , which I wrote on August 26 , 2009 , I stated :
" the divergence between lower yields - a sign of economic weakness - and higher equity prices - a sign of economic strength - will not persist for long .
Most importantly , it was the failed signal in June , 2002 that coincided with a 25 % plus drop in equities over the next two months .
It should be noted that the current set up in Treasury yields and likely failure is exactly the same as in 2002 ! "
So why is this Mr. Rosenberg 's last chance ?
Treasury yields are falling ( and likely to go lower ) and during equity bull markets that is a good thing .
But if we are still in a bear market , then falling Treasury yields is a bad sign for equities .
And this is the first time since the March , 2009 bottom that Treasury yields are falling .
So Mr. Rosenberg still has a chance of being proven right .
Let me demonstrate graphically .
See figure 1 and figure 2 , weekly charts comparing the S&P500 ( symbol : $ INX ) to the yield on the 10 year Treasury ( symbol : $ TNX ) .
( Treasury yield data is hidden . )
When the 14 week rate of change ( i.e. , a simple default value ) of the 10 year Treasury yield is below zero ( as it is now ) , the price bars appear red .
Blue price bars ( on the S& P500 price graph ) are when the 14 week rate of change on the 10 year Treasury yield is positive .
Figure 1 . S&P500 v. 10 Year Treasury Yield / weekly
As you can see , there is a lot of red from 2000 to 2003 and from 2007 to the recent bottom in 2009 .
During these bear markets , lower yields translated into equity weakness .
Currently , the 14 week rate of change of Treasury yields is negative , and as stated previously , this is the first time since the March bottom .
In figure 2 , which is from 1988 to 2000 , lower 10 year Treasury yields ( red bars ) always translated to higher equity prices .
The lone exception was 1998 .
After all this was a bull market .
Referring back to figure 1 , lower Treasury yields were kind to equities during the bull run from 2003 to 2007 .
Figure 2 . S&P500 v. 10 Year Treasury Yield / weekly
So this is it .
This is where the rubber meets the road for Mr. Rosenberg .
This is the first time since the March , 2009 low that the 10 year Treasury yield is heading lower ( on a 14 week rate of change basis ) .
If equities are in a new bull market as many claim , then lower yields will be a buying opportunity .
Mr. Rosenberg will suffer the market 's humiliation .
If equities are in a bear market and the past 6 months have been nothing more than a monster bear market rally , then lower yields should spell trouble for equities .
They did in 2002 .
So hang in there , Mr. Rosenberg .
I hope you do n't throw in the towel .
You could turn out to be a hero after all .
By Guy Lerner http://thetechnicaltakedotcom.blogspot.com/
Guy M. Lerner , MD is the founder of ARL Advisers , LLC and managing partner of ARL Investment Partners , L.P. Dr. Lerner utilizes a research driven approach to determine those factors which lead to sustainable moves in the markets .
He has developed many proprietary tools and trading models in his quest to outperform .
Over the past four years , Lerner has shared his innovative approach with the readers of RealMoney.com and TheStreet.com as a featured columnist .
He has been a regular guest on the Money Man Radio Show , DEX - TV , routinely published in the some of the most widely - read financial publications and has been a marquee speaker at financial seminars around the world .
© 2009 Copyright Guy Lerner - All Rights Reserved
Disclaimer :
The above is a matter of opinion provided for general information purposes only and is not intended as investment advice .
Information and analysis above are derived from sources and utilising methods believed to be reliable , but we cannot accept responsibility for any losses you may incur as a result of this analysis .
Individuals should consult with their personal financial advisors .
Guy Lerner Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Comments
JG Savoldi
27 Sep 09 , 01:37 50 % Crash - US Stock Market
The current stock market set up is more bearish than last year ’s according to our BAM Model .
We went on record last week with a forecast for a 50 % crash and we have clients in cash or Ultra - bear ETF’s .
Published articles here - http://bit.ly/1988zn
Mcx tips Trial
02 Nov 10 , 03:55 Stock Market Crash Imminent According to BAM Model
It appears your BAM model is now forecasting an almost exact repeat of 2008 , just 13 - 16 months later ?
I 'm intrigued because I am thinking the exact same thing is going to happen as well , and have allocated accordingly with FAZ , USBSX , USAGX and cash .
I just think it is going to happen in October based on so many historic " drops " occurring during that month .
December would seem to be an odd time for a crash given all the mutual fund distributions / re-inves ...
It 's historically a good month for the market .
href= " http://commodity-tips-mcx.blogspot.com
A manned asteroid mission using two Orion spacecraft , dockednose - to - nose to form a 50 - ton deep space vehicle , is being studied by LockheedMartin Space Systems as an alternative to resumption of U.S. lunar landingmissions .
The Orion asteroid missionconcept is being unveiled just as the Presidentialcommittee reviewing U.S. human space flight is citing asteroid missionsafter 2020 as a less costly alternative to NASA 's proposed lunar landinginfrastructure .
Results of the review will be briefed to President Obama byNorman Augustine , committee chairman , by the end of August .
The docked Orion configuration as shown in a Lockheed Martingraphic ( above ) would have a total of four large solar arrays and two servicemodules as well as two command modules for extra space on the several weekflight .
Single 25 - ton Orionspacecraft would first be used to replace the space shuttle for servicing the International Space Station .
But use of them for asteroid missions andother deep space sites would maximize utilization of the Orion system if lunarlandings are deleted as a near term goal .
If one looks closely at the graphic , a space suitedastronaut deployed from the Orion , is standing atopthe asteroid .
The graphic is from a Lockheed Martin promotional movie thatshows concepts under study by the Orion prime contractor .
Under the Bush Administration strategy , NASA had planned aresumption of lunar landing missions by about 2020 using the Orion as a lunarorbiting command ship while its crew descended to the moon in Altair landersfor lengthy stays on the surface .
The official NASA line has been solidly " all moon " for the last several years , while more realistic assessments over the sameperiod have shown that is not feasible .
NASA more recently , however , had becomemore open about an asteroid mission capability for Orion after space scientistsand planners meeting before formation of the committee began to criticize the lunargoal as too fragile .
Development and cost problems with the Ares 1 and Ares 5 launch vehicle programs have also become increasingly apparent since about2007 .
Augustine and other committee members such as formerastronaut Sally Ride have already reportedpublicly that NASA 's current plan to retire the shuttle , finish the spacestation and return to the moon by the early 2020s is not even remotely feasibleunder NASA 's current funding profile .
Orion missions to asteroids would be useful to characterizeand sample them .
This would be important as early preparation to use some yet undeterminedsystem if the need ever arose to divert an asteroid to save Earth from adevastating impact .
Some asteroids are solid bodies , while others are rubblepiles of loose rock , making samples and close up characterization useful fordiversion studies that would differ depending upon the type of asteroidthreatening Earth .
In fact a Lockheed Martin video titled " Orion ForCrewed Science Missions " shows the twin Orion configuration closelyorbiting an asteroid while space suited astronauts explore its surface .
Withthe minuscule gravity of an asteroid , astronauts flying manned maneuveringunits could travel between the Orion combo and the object without everrequiring a much heavier , and expensive , asteroid landing vehicle .
The video , little noticed at the time , was shown in early August at a propulsion conference in Denver sponsored by the American Instituteof Aeronautics and Astronautics .
The AIAA " Joint PropulsionConference " so called because it brings together multiple international agenciesoften makes news as it also did in 2008 when Chinese researchers openlydiscussed their scramjet technology program .
At this year 's event , the Lockheed Martin video was part ofa presentation delivered by former astronaut Brian Duffy , now Lockheed Martinvice president and program manager for the Altair lunar module part of the Orion lunar landing infrastructure .
Duffy 's presentation also cited satellite servicing thatcould be performed by astronauts from an Orion configuration , equipped with ashuttle - type manipulator arm deployed from its service module .
The presentation also discussed use of single Orionspacecraft to service geosynchronous orbit military and civilian satellites and the potential for them to travel to Lagrangian points to service telescopeslike the giant new Webb space telescope set for launch in about four years .
Lagrangian points balance out gravity from the sun , Earth and moon allowingspacecraft to remain parked at those locations .
They are about 1 million mi.from Earth , about the same distance as some asteroids passing near Earth .
Thismeans Orions configured for missions to telescopes , like Webb , at Lagrangianpoints would have a life support capability also generally suitable forasteroid missions .
The twin Orion design includes large service modules on eachspacecraft to allow extra space for astronauts to live in .
More importantlymore capability to carry life support systems for several week missions couldbe carried in the two service modules .
Video - Bootprints on Asteroids
Video - NASA 's Constellation Journey Begins : Part 1 , Part 2
Image Gallery - Mars Base of the Future
Copyright 2009 SpaceflightNow.com , all rights reserved .
If I was walking through the streets to find this McDonald 's coffee themed lamp post , three would be my thoughts :
One , I should n't have had that last Manhattan .
Two , I need coffee .
Three , I need way better coffee than McDonald's .
Advertisement
Fortunately for my already morning confused brain , the lamp post is an outdoor ad for McDonald 's coffee in downtown Vancouver , not New York .
One that would have made René Magritte proud .
I still need a coffee , though .
And a bagel .
[ Direct Daily ]
Tyler gets me a job as a waiter , after that Tyler 's pushing a gun in my mouth and saying , the first step to eternal life is you have to die .
Quotations
So , two cannibals are eating a clown and one cannibal turns to the other and says , " Does this taste funny to you ? "
I thought I 'd open with some light humor before I turned to the current literal laff riots being funded and organized by right - wing GOP " revolutionaries " against all things Obama .
Let me see if I have the Republican formula for political reform down .
First , take two heaping teaspoons of ideology and hubris .
Mix them in with a sprinkle of racism .
Simmer in a pot bought and paid for by big industry and those making a fortune off maintaining the status quo .
Add in a cup of false populism .
Pour in two carafes of vintage fear .
Season with broadcasted lies and false talking points .
Then , bring to a boil , tossing in a few twisted historical references for good measure .
Voila !
Muttonhead stew !
( Best served with swastikas , dead brain cells and Glenn Beck . )
Ummm .
Tastes just like AstroTurf !
Welcome to Amerika '09 folks , where a Kafkaesque cabal of conspiracy conmen ( and women ) is intent on dragging this country back into the ' 80s when greed was good , he who died with the most toys won the game and those not in the mix were welfare cheats and " those " people .
In other words , Republican Nirvana .
Obama 's very existence has cause many right - wingers to hit the panic button ( Is he from Kenya ?
Mars ? Area 51 ? ) , but his attempts at health care reform has caused a real low IQ insurrection .
Last weekend , the patron saint of victimized vapidity , Sarah Palin , weighed in on Obama 's attempts to overhaul the health care industry , writing , tongue clenched firmly betwixt teeth , on Facebook , " The America I know and love is not one in which my parents or my baby with Down Syndrome will have to stand in front of Obama 's ' death panel ' so his bureaucrats can decide , based on a subjective judgment of their ' level of productivity in society , ' whether they are worthy of health care .
Such a system is downright evil . "
( Sarah ?
The Scarecrow is on line one .
Since you have n't used it , he 'd like his brain back . )
Just to make sure she earned herself the Gold in Batshit Crazy , Palin went on to site the GOP 's Lady GaGaaa Michele Bachmann as a source of inspiration .
" I commend her for being a voice for the most precious members of our society , our children and our seniors . "
( And sock puppets . )
Now , it 's easy to single Palin out for her Bizarro World take on things .
( So easy , I may do it again ! )
The troubling thing is that Palin is only regurgitating one of the popular talking points put forth by GOP groups who , not only want to derail Obama 's attempts at health care reform , but also want to derail ANY healthcare reform .
According to these puppet masters , Obama 's plan calls for the killing of old people , the takeover of private savings accounts to directly filch money from citizens to pay for reform , the cutting back of medical procedures ( " Cancer ?
Bite the bullet , Betty Lou. " ) , the reduction of Medicare and / or Medicaid benefits , the destruction of all private insurers , the coddling of illegal immigrants , the ordering of mandatory abortions , instigating mandatory sex change operations and encouraging the mandatory killing and eating of the first born .
( I made that last one up .
Could you tell ? )
Now , although a majority of Americans are FOR health care reform , the Republicans have decided to stir up their " white is righteous " base with visions of Granny getting her plug pulled and all those with terminal illnesses being dropped into a jungle with a compass and a Bowie knife .
( Except those afflicted with terminal stupidity .
They become Republican talking heads . )
So , who is responsible for this current wave of agitprop ?
The usual suspects , of course - the highly trained , lobbyist - created , industry - funded spinmeisters who know that fear of the unknown can be the cornerstone of retro-rabble rousing .
The Swift - Boaters have become Sick - Goaders .
The grass - rootsy , populist - named " Conservatives for Patients ' Rights , " for instance , is actually operated by Rick Scott , former founder of health care outfit Columbia / HCA .
They were found guilty of Medicare fraud ( to the tune of a $ 1.7 billion settlement ) .
" Patients United Now " and " Patients First " are affiliated with " Americans for Prosperity . "
This outfit includes bankrollers Art Pope , a mega - millionaire GOP activist and David Koch , co-owner of Koch Industries , the largest privately - held oil company in America .
They 've already compared Obama 's health care plan to the Holocaust and instructed its followers to put the " fear of God " into Democratic members of Congress .
" FreedomWorks " is operated by former House Republican Leader Dick Armey who has always watched out for the little guy , as long as the little guy was named Dick Armey .
( FreedomWorks is nice enough to list upcoming town hall meetings for aberrant protestors as well as providing nifty Google maps .
In their " August Recess Action Kit , " sent to those yearning to teabag Democrats on health care reform at Town Hall meetings , they suggested folks " turn up the heat . "
The kit included postcards that read , " House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said that ' she's not afraid of August , ' but she should be . " )
" American Majority " includes such working class backers as former Bush speechwriter Ned Ryun .
The folks behind " Let Freedom Ring " produced the GOP ads last year showing 9/11 footage .
Also in the mix is weepy Glenn Beck 's 9 - 12 group .
These outfits provide instructions on how to spontaneously disrupt events , distribute signs , give out talking ( or shouting ) points and provide transportation to the already addled .
Toss in a few references to Big Brother and Hitler and the stage is set for something resembling a Shakespearean tragedy as performed by nut - challenged squirrels .
It 's perfect in its simplicity , in every sense of the word .
A quick glance at the signs held by those disrupting Town Hall meetings gives a sense of the intellect behind the protests .
There are hammers and sickles .
Swastikas .
" SS " lettering .
Obama as Hitler .
Obama as The Joker .
" Go back to Kenya . " " Obama ... the Anus of America . "
" Stop Obamacare .
Its ( sic ) Socialism . "
" I will not pay Healthcare for 10 million illegal aliens . "
" Stop Abama . "
As of this writing , at least two dozen Town Halls have been disrupted by violence of one sort or the other .
There have been fistfights .
Shoving matches .
Shouting matches .
Screaming matches .
People wailing " I want my country back " and " I do n't want government touching my Medicare ! " ( Mensa called .
You 've flunked ' irony . ' )
At Chris Dodd's Town
Hall event , held despite his recent diagnosis of prostate cancer , one protester shouted : " Barack Obama clearly said all you should do is take a painkiller !
How come we do n't just give Chris Dodd painkillers ?
Like a handful at a time !
He can wash it down with Ted Kennedy 's whiskey ! "
This is the kind of guy who'd be rejected from the recipe for Soylent Green .
( " Soylent Green is assholes ! " )
There have been death threats phoned in and faxed to both Democratic politicians and union representatives .
The addresses of private homes holding health care discussions have been printed and distributed on the Internet .
One Democratic Georgian rep had a swastika painted in his office .
Another rep was hung in effigy outside his meeting .
One speaker had his own tombstone replicated outside his hall .
In Arizona , one attendee accidentally dropped his concealed , loaded gun at a " meet and greet " session .
( " Yes this is a gun and , yes , I 'm glad to see you . " )
In New Hampshire , where Obama held a Town Hall meeting , one lugnut named William Kostric held up a sign reading " It is time to water the tree of liberty . "
( Based on Jefferson 's quote : " The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants . " )
Oh , yeah .
He was also packing heat .
When asked if his gun was loaded , he told Chris Matthews , " Who'd be silly enough to carry an unloaded firearm ? "
Why bring a loaded gun to a Presidential Town Hall meeting ?
" That 's not even a relevant question , " he replied .
" The question is , why do n't people bear arms these days ? "
Uhhh .
Should we tell him ?
Now , while these motivated mobs have been replicating the angry villagers from those old " Frankenstein " films , they 've been egged on , not only by the conservative groups , but the airheads on the airwaves .
Rush Limbaugh took the high road , exhaling , " The Obama health care logo is damn close to a Nazi swastika logo .
There are far more similarities between Nancy Pelosi and Adolf Hitler than between these people showing up at town halls to protest a Hitler - like policy that 's being heralded by a Hitler - like logo .
Oh , another similarity .
Obama is asking citizen to rat each other out , like Hitler did . "
Glenn Beck , who joked that he'd poisoned Pelosi 's wine , also went the Nazi route , stating that Obama 's health care plan left things wide open for eugenics .
" Of course , it 's not ( called ) eugenics , because eugenics has been so horribly maligned . "
Yeah .
It was totally tarnished by liberal types .
And for all those who do n't think the Hitler / Obama comparison is scary enough , there are people like birther Orly Taitz who declare , " If Obama is not stopped , we will be in Nazi Germany ! "
( She has one of those super - time - traveling Google maps . ) before upping the ante with , " Obama is another Stalin - a cross between Stalinist USSR and Nazi Germany . "
( One way or another , Obama better grow a mustache fast to appease the mini-masses . )
Two fascinating aspects about the new invasion of the Pod People are the GOP " proper 's " reaction and that of the MSM .
The press ( with a few notable exceptions such as Rachel Maddow ) has , by and large , portrayed these goon squads as " angry Americans . "
You know the salt of the earth types .
If they do mention that these " grassroots " groups are " AstroTurf " to the extreme , it 's always framed as " Democrats allege " or " some Democrats accuse ... "
If a Democrat has the temerity to state that these shout - down tactics are un-American , folksy Republicans magically appear stating that the Democrats are using " brown shirt tactics " ( on these nouveau GOP brown - shirters ) and are denying them their right of free speech .
If bellowing and drowning out a speaker is freedom of speech then my picking up a two - by - four and transforming some fat fucktard 's motor mouth into a replica of a Hoehner harmonica is nothing more than me exercising some severe editorial judgment .
The primo Republicans , for the most part , have tried to stay above the fray , seeing this in purely political terms because , you see , for them , this has nothing to do with health care .
Both Boehner and McConnell have basically said , the bigger the mobs , the more likely Republicans will " win . "
Win what ?
What can you possible win when the majority of Americans will wind up losing ?
Why , power , of course .
They 'd love to knock down Obama 's health care plan the way they did Clinton 's back in the 90s .
If they show Obama as weak , maybe they can recapture Congress next year .
The public be damned .
Obama is jes ' too uppity for his own good .
And , so , they suddenly champion free speech .
Free speech of the following variety .
Rep. Todd Arkin ( R - MO ) joked that Democrats " almost got lynched " in front of a laughing crowd .
He then mimed a lynching .
More laughs .
Republican Texas Rep. Louie Gohmert told his followers that Obama 's health care " is going to absolutely kill senior citizens .
They 'll put them on a list and force them to die early . "
Oklahoma 's Repub John Sullivan combined both birther and health care paranoia telling a crowd , " This is a scary time in Washington .
It 's a very frightening time .
I see Barack Obama is creating an enemies list of people who oppose this miserable health care plan .
I think that 's frightening .
That 's from a guy that can't even show a long - form birth certificate .
I think we all ought to be prepared to fight that . "
Democratic Rep. Brad Miller 's North Carolina office was advised over the phone , " Miller could lose his life over this . "
Rep . Tim Bishop , Dem of New York , had to have police escort him to his car as a group of loquacious Morlocks exercised their right to breathe through their mouths at heavy metal volume .
Washington Dem. Rep. Brian Baird was faxed a photo of Obama as The Joker with the text " Death to All Marxists !
Foreign and Domestic ! "
After Rush Limbaugh gave the St. Louis address of The Service Employers International Union , they were deluged with calls along the lines of " I suggest you tell your people to calm down , act like American citizens , and stop trying to repress people 's First Amendment rights .
That , or you all are gonna come up against the Second Amendment . "
The AFL - CIO got an e-mail reading , " I will be going to a local town hall this weekend , all you union members BEWARE !
We will be waiting for you .
better make sure you have arrangements with your local ER .
today is the day when the goon meets the gun .
see you there . "
One of the most creative of the anti-union e-mails was received by the SEIU .
It read : " You socialist f--s have the nerve to say stop the violence at the town hall meetings when they were n't violent until you p--ies showed up because your n--- leader obama said to ??????
When we have ours in Racine , Wi , I want you there .
I want one of your little b--- to put his hands on this Marine .
I want one of you to look or talk to me wrong .
I 'll be the last thing your ignorant faux body guards will remember for a very long time .
You can f-- ing guarantee that . "
And the SEIU version was n't censored .
A friendly fellow in New Mexico , Scott Oskay , has been tweeting his pals with such cheerful chirps as " If ... you have a license to carry ... carry " and " Stop being peaceful , and hurt them . "
Now , adding insult to injury , all of the faux grassroots leaders and spokespeople have given fairly smarmy , smirky interviews on both CNN and MSNBC where , basically , they come off as wide - eyed innocents who are shocked , shocked that their message should be twisted or misconstrued .
Wink - wink .
They 're ordinary ( millionaire ) Americans engaging in dissent and debate .
Unfortunately , their duped puppets do n't watch those networks , so they miss the sarcasm .
They 're tuned into Fox where Obama , apparently , plans to take over Poland as soon as he 's done with health care .
So , what do health care reform supporters do ?
If you attend a Town Hall meeting , do you try to shout down the shouters ?
Punch - out the punchy ?
Have a shoot - out ?
I do n't think so .
When violence erupts in earnest and , more than likely , by month 's end , it will , health care supporters should n't be put into a position of being the scapegoat .
If and when violence does occur , watch how fast the GOP proper backpedals and condemns some Joe Shmoe and a few " rotten apples . "
I , personally , think ridicule is the answer .
Not intellectual scorn or sarcasm but something that the puppets will find humiliating .
Slapstick .
Bring clown horns .
Whoopee cushions .
Fart machines .
Imagine one of these idiots standing up to scream , " I want my country out of the hands of these socialist Kenyans ! " and a hundred of you all press your fart buttons at once .
Or toot your horns .
If these people want to act like cartoon characters of the Yosemite Sam variety , treat 'em the way Bugs Bunny would .
Mortify 'em .
Let 's face it .
You can't talk with them .
You can't debate with them .
You can't even enlighten them .
Their only function is to sling mud .
And to quote the learned B. Bunny : " Remember , ' mud ' spelled backwards is ' dum . ' "
T -t - that 's all , folks .
Please .
_______
Caffeine is a “ status bar application able to temporarily prevent the activation of both the screensaver and the " sleep " power - saving mode . ”
The developer also words it another way : -
Caffeine is a tiny cup of coffee that sits idly in your system tray waiting for you to click it .
Once you do , it instantly fills up with fresh coffee - keeping your computer awake !
It ’s a strangely cute idea that is , surprisingly , actually really useful .
I have many applications that , when full screen , are n’t able to stop the screensaver being initiated .
Which get ’s annoying .
Watching YouTube videos also does n’t inhibit the screensaver , either , so rather than having to manually disable your screensaver or turning your ‘ minutes - until - suspend ’ settings up really high , just brew some coffee for your desktop !
You can install it via the official PPA – which always ensures you ’re up - to - date with the latest features .
PPA : https://launchpad.net/~caffeine-developers/+archive/ppa
Launchpad : https://launchpad.net/caffeine
Caffeine Wiki : http://www.blastfromthepast.se/caffeine/
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
As his size 10s spun through the air towards George W Bush , Muntazer al - Zaidi – the man the world now knows as the shoe - thrower – was bracing for an American bullet .
" He thought the secret service was going to shoot him , " says Zaidi 's younger brother , Maitham .
" He expected that , and he was not afraid to die . "
Zaidi's actions during the former US president 's swansong visit to Iraq last December have not stopped reverberating in the nine months since .
Next Monday , when the journalist walks out of prison , his 10 raging seconds , which came to define his country 's last six miserable years , are set to take on a new life even more dramatic than the opening act .
Across Iraq and in every corner of the Arab world , Zaidi is being feted .
The 20 words or so he spat at Bush – " This is your farewell kiss , you dog .
This is for the widows and orphans of Iraq " – have been immortalised , and in many cases memorised .
Pictures of the president ducking have been etched onto walls across Baghdad , made into T - shirts in Egypt , and appeared in children 's games in Turkey .
Zaidi has won the adulation of millions , who believe his act of defiance did what their leaders had been too cowed to do .
Iraq has been short of heroes since the dark days of Saddam Hussein , and many civilians are bestowing greatness on the figure that finally took the fight to an overlord .
" He is a David and Goliath figure , " said Salah al - Janabi , a white goods salesman in downtown Baghdad .
" When the history books are written , they will look back on this episode with great acclaim .
Al - Zaidi 's shoes were his slingshot . "
From his prison cell , Zaidi has a sense of the gathering fuss , but not the full extent of the benefactors and patrons preparing for his release .
A new four - bedroom home has been built by his former boss .
A new car – and the promise of many more – awaits .
Pledges of harems , money and healthcare are pouring in to his employers , the al - Baghdadia television channel .
" One Iraqi who lived in Morocco called to offer to send his daughter to be Muntazer 's wife , " said editor Abdul Hamid al - Saij .
" Another called from Saudi offering $ 10 m for his shoes , and another called from Morocco offering a gold - saddled horse .
" After the event , we had callers from Palestine and many women asking to marry him , but we did n't take their names .
Many of their reactions were emotional .
We will see what happens when he is freed . "
From the West Bank town of Nablus , Ahmed Jouda saw the incident on television news and felt so moved that he called together his relatives for a meeting in a nearby reception hall .
Jouda , 75 , a farmer and head of a large extended family , convinced his relatives to contribute tens of thousands of dollars to support Zaidi 's legal case .
Jouda himself decided to sell half his herd of goats ; another man asked if he might offer a young woman from his family as a bride .
Jouda said he would , if Zaidi was interested .
" I said we are willing to present him with a bride loaded with gold , " said Jouda .
" We are people of our word .
If he decided to marry one of our daughters we would respect what we said .
" We are compassionate and supportive to the Iraqi people for what they have gone through .
" We are people who have tasted the bitterness , sorrow and agony of occupation too .
What he did , he did for all the Arabs , not just the Iraqis , because Bush was the reason behind the problems of all the Arab world . "
Zaidi's brother insists that no one put Muntazer up to such an act .
But he revealed that Muntazer had told him he had pre-scripted at least one line ahead of the fateful press conference .
From the roof of his brother 's new home , Maitham al - Zaidi said : " He always thought he would die as a martyr , either by al - Qaida or the Americans .
More than once he was kidnapped by insurgents .
He was surprised that Bush 's guards did n't shoot him on the spot . "
Muntazer al - Zaidi has told Maitham , and another brother , Vergam , that he is planning to open an orphanage when he leaves prison and will not work again as a journalist .
" He does n't want his work to be a circus , " said Vergam .
" Every time he asked someone a difficult question they would have responded by asking whether he was going to throw his shoes at them . "
Muntazer has alleged that after his actions he was tortured by government officials .
Medical reports say he has lost at least one tooth and has two broken ribs and a broken foot that have not healed properly .
" He will stay in Iraq , but first he has to leave the country to get his health fixed , " said Vergam .
In the run-up to his release , Maitham has a sense of the reception awaiting his brother .
" I feel like Michael Jackson at the moment .
Everywhere I go , people are taking pictures of me and asking for my photo .
If they do that for me , what will they do for Muntazer himself ? "
The Supermotard craze came about from a melding of influences pulled from both street bike and dirt bike racing .
Ducati took notice and jumped in with both feet when they introduced their Hypermotard concept back in 2005 .
It created such a splash that when the production version was first unveiled in 2006 , the sheer volume of interest actually brought down the website .
International deliveries began in 2007 with two flavors offered – the 1100 base model and the 1100S , featuring higher caliber components .
The US did n’t see a Hypermotard model until 2008 , by which time Ducati finally released a black - on - black frame for the 1100S , creating the first opportunity to cop a non-red Hypermotard and piquing our interest .
As appealing as this bike is , the price point of $ 14,995 for the S and $ 11,995 for the base 1100 , is a little steep for many potential customers .
Fret no more …
Ducati has just unveiled a new sub - $ 10,000 Hypermotard 796 .
The Ducati Hypermotard 796 sports an all - new air - cooled engine with 2 valves per cylinder , putting out 81 hp and 56 lb- ft of torque .
The top and bottom fork clamps have been redesigned and the frame layout adjusted to virtually eliminate all of the forged elements found on the 1100 .
As such , the Hypermotard 796 weighs in at a svelte 368 pounds .
Other features include an APTC clutch and single - sided swingarm .
The first chance to peep the Ducati Hypermotard 796 in person will be at Milan ’s EICMA international motorcycle show .
If travel plans to check out a motorcycle are n’t in the cards , this bike will be available in Ducati showrooms in December for a base price of $ 9,995 .
Color choices will include Ducati red or matte black and matte white ( shown ) .
Souce : Ducati
Normal
0
21
false
false
false
FR
X -NONE
X -NONE
I think that caring for
dependencies is the best thing you can do to make your program maintainable and
to fight against complexity .
I ’d like here to provide some tips to identify
dependencies / structural patterns at a glance , such has layered or entangled
code , high - cohesion and low - coupling accross components , hungry caller and popular callee …
For most engineers , talking of dependencies means talking about
something that looks like that :
However , boxes and arrows graph is not the most appropriate way to deal
with dependencies .
Dependencies can be represented through what is called a Design Structural Matrix ( DSM ) .
In the snapshot
below , the same information is represented by a DSM and by a boxes and arrow graph .
Matrix headers ’ elements represent graph boxes
Matrix non-empty cells correspond to graph arrows .
Thus , the coupling from PaintDotNet
to PdnLib is represented by a non empty
cell in the matrix and by an arrow in the graph .
Moreover , the upper part of the matrix is symmetric and is composed of
blue and green cells .
A blue cell means that an element from the horizontal header is using an element
from the vertical header while a green
cell means that an element from the vertical
header is using an element from the horizontal
header .
Thus , if the matrix ’ headers contain the same set of elements ( which is
the case here ) , a dependency is represented both by a blue cell and by a green cell :
These 2 cells are
symmetric across the diagonal .
Layer
One pattern that is made obvious by a DSM is layered structure ( i.e acyclic
structure ) .
When the matrix is triangular , with all blue cells in the
lower - left triangle and all green cells in the upper - right triangle , then it shows
that the structure is perfectly layered ( i.e it does n’t contain any dependency
cycle ) .
On the right part of the snapshot , the same layered structure is
represented with a graph .
All arrows have the same left to right direction .
The problem with graph , is that the graph
layout does n’t scale .
Here , we can barely see the big picture of the structure .
If the number of boxes would be multiplied by 2 , the graph would be completely
un-readable .
On the other side , the DSM representation would n’t be affected ; we
say that DSM scales better than graph .
Btw , interestingly enough , most of graph layout algorithms rely on the fact
that a graph is acyclic .
To compute layout of a graph with cycles , these
algorithms temporarily discard some dependencies to deal with a layered graph ,
and then append the discarded dependencies at the last step of the computation .
Cycle
If a structure contains a cycle , the cycle is displayed by a red square
on the DSM .
We can see that inside the red square , green and blue cells are
mixed across the diagonal .
There are also some black cells that represent
mutual direct usage ( i.e A is using B and B is using A ) .
The NDepend ’s DSM comes with the option Indirect Dependency .
An indirect dependency
between A and B means that A is using something , that is using something , that
is using something … that is using B. Below is shown the same DSM with a cycle
but in indirect mode .
We can see that the red square is filled up with only black
cells .
It just means that given any element A and B in the cycle , A and B are
indirectly and mutually dependent .
Here is the
same structure represented with a graph .
The red arrow shows that several
elements are mutually dependent .
But the graph is not of any help to highlight
all elements involved in the parent cycle .
Notice that in NDepend , we provided a button to highlight cycles in the
DSM ( if any ) .
If the structure is layered , then this button has for effect to triangularize
the matrix and to keep non-empty cells as closed as possible to the diagonal .
High Cohesion / Low - Coupling
The idea of high - cohesion ( inside a component ) / low - coupling ( between
components ) is popular .
But if you cannot visualize dependencies , this idea is just
something abstract .
DSM are good at showing high cohesion .
In the DSM below , an
obvious squared aggregate around the diagonal is displayed .
It means that
elements involved in the square have a high cohesion : they are strongly dependant
on each other although we can see that they are layered since there is no
cycles .
They are certainly candidate to be grouped into a concrete artifact ( such
as a namespace or an assembly ) .
On the other hand , the fact that most cells around the square are empty
advocate for low - coupling between elements of the square and other elements .
In the DSM below , we can see 2 components with high cohesion
( upper and lower square ) and a pretty low coupling between them .
While refactoring , having such an indicator can be pretty useful to know
if there are opportunities to split coarse components into several more fine - grained components .
I once wrote a
post on the topic Hints on how to
componentize existing code
Hungry caller
A hungry caller is a code element that is directly using a lot of other
code elements .
Having hungry caller is typically a bad thing .
Such situation
pinpoints an element that have certainly plenty of responsibilities .
However a
few high level hungry callers that connect several part of an application are
unavoidable .
We are talking here of the Mediator
pattern .
The idea is to encapsulate connections
between elements in one place ( the mediator ) to make interact elements that are independent from
each others .
A hungry caller is represented by columns with many blue cells and by
rows with many green cells .
The DSM below shows that NDepend .
UI .
KernelImpl is a hungry caller .
Popular Callee
On the
other hand , a popular callee is a code element that is used by many other code
elements .
Popular callee are also unavoidable ( think of the String class for example ) but a popular
callee is not a bad thing .
It just means that in every code base , there are some
central concepts represented with popular classes
A popular callee is represented by columns with many green cells and by
rows with many blue cells .
The DSM below shows that NDepend .
UI .
KernelInterface is popular .
Something cool
is that when one is keeping its code structure perfectly layered , popular
components are naturally kept at low - level .
Indeed , a popular component cannot de-facto use many things , because
popular component are low - level , they cannot use something at a higher level .
This
would create a dependency from low - level to high - level and this would break the
acyclic property of the structure .
In other
words , keeping a structure layered create pressure on popular low - level elements .
This pressure avoid that the code base structure become entangled .
I wrote a
post on this cool idea : Evolutionary
Design and Acyclic componentization
Mutual dependencies
So far we just saw symmetric DSM where the set of elements in vertical and horizontal headers is the same .
However NDepend can deal with
rectangular matrix .
For example you can see the coupling between 2 components
by right clicking a cell , and select the menu Open this dependency .
If the opened cell was black as in the snapshot above ( i.e if A and B are mutually dependent ) then
the resulting rectangular matrix will contains both green and blue cells ( and
eventually black cells as well ) as in the snapshot below .
In this situation , you ’ll often notice a deficit of green or blue cells
( 3 blue cells for 1 green cell here ) .
It is because even if 2 code elements are
mutually dependent , there often exist a natural level order between them .
For
example , consider the System .
Threading
namespaces and the System .
String
class .
They are mutually dependent ; they both rely on each other .
But the
matrix shows that Threading is much more dependent on String than the opposite
( there are much more blue cells than green cells ) .
This confirms the intuition
that Threading is upper level than String .
And this intuition
is something that you can use at your advantage .
Often a code base seems
completely entangled at first glance .
But what I saw many times is that
removing cycles between components is not such a big burden .
It is because even
if you are not enforcing automatically layering , developer ’s intuition tells them
that low - level things ( such as DB access code ) should n’t use high - level things
( such as UI code ) .
Of course , each code base contains hacks and mistakes , but my
point is that they are hopefully more the exception than the rule .
There are
often far less mistake than good things in a code base .
I wrote a post on the
topic : Re-factoring , Re-Structuring and
the cost of Levelizing .
Data Object
Finally
here is what the data object pattern looks like .
Data objects are classes that
contains only getter / setter and their respective fields .
Once again ,
I think that managing dependencies is the best thing to care for in order to reach maintainable
code and lower complexity .
Being able to quickly identify patterns through a
DSM is a powerful tool that I hope , will help you in your daily work .
I need SmartScreen in my iPhone , an application that allows you to place Dashboard - like widgets on the lock screen , so you can quickly access small pills of information quickly without having to get into applications .
Smart , smooth , and oh - so - nice .
Advertisement
I do n't know about you , but I wish I could have access to bits of information in my iPhone without having to access the applications themselves .
Calendar , Twitter , weather , Facebook updates ... widgets that will only display data and , with one click , go straight to the app itself to do an action .
That will allow the iPhone to have a customized front end like the Motoblur in the new Motorola Cliq .
Advertisement
Sadly , it wo n't be available from the Apple iTunes Store :
It requires to jailbreak your phone .
However , it 's completely worth the effort , especially if they include some useful widgets with it .
The developer is going to publish an SDK for it :
A SmartScreen SDK will be available to everyone in November 2009 but widget developers are being selected to participate in a Beta programme , if you feel you could participate and would like to produce widgets , please email dev@media-phone.ch and we will consider you early access to the programme .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
I 'm looking forward to the widgets people can come up with .
I just hope SmartScreen does n't require me to paint my nails with glitter in order to use it .
I like my current fluorescent green , thank you very much .
[ Media Phone ]
Helpful Abbreviations
Husband - DH - stands for " dear " husband or sometimes " darn " or sometimes worse ....
Munchkin - Daughter - age 6
Bugaboo - Son - 1 1/2
Tallie - the dog
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Sis , BIL , DN1 , Niece , DN2 - Sister , Brother - in- law , Nephew # 1 , Niece , Nephew # 2
Mom and Toilet - Mom and her former boyfriend / child molester she later married , and is still married too .
Dad & Rita- bio-dad ( deceased ) & his newest wife
Alex , Tina , Adam & Ned - Rita 's biological children , adopted by Dad .
James Lovelock , the scientist responsible for the Gaia theory , today ( Wednesday , August 26 ) describes environmentalists who campaign on climate change but ignore population growth as irrational , ignorant or “ hiding from the truth ” .
I rather subscribe to both the Gaia theory and to the idea that humanity will have to control it ’s population at some point .
The Gaia theory is that the Earth will tend to keep our atmosphere and biosphere constant within narrow limits until a certain point when , if the pressures on it continue , it will change rapidly to a new status which could involve dramatically different conditions across the globe .
This would be cataclysmic for today ’s life forms and only the most hardy would survive to rebuild .
The amount of carbon dioxide in our atmosphere is a pressure on the global system that could push it towards a ‘ Gaia shift ’ , and it ’s increase since the industrial revolution has been alarming and is still gathering pace .
If you compare it to a chart of population growth , the two are very similar .
The effects of the increase in CO2 include storing more of the sun ’s heat in the atmosphere , thus ‘ Global Warming ’ , but we are also seeing an increase in the acidity of our oceans , which means that it is more difficult for organisms to use CO2 to make their shells , and can result in shell materials being dissolved .
To put this in context , calcium carbonate shells and reefs built by tiny marine organisms account for all the chalk and limestone on the planet , and there is a great deal more spread through the oceans as living or recently dead organisms .
If this material dissolves , it realeases yet more CO2 into the atmosphere and prevents more shells being made .
If you think this through , it is a vicious cycle and not the only one we face .
The point is , the more CO2 we release by buring fossil fuels , the more is released from other sources around the planet .
And even if humans were not responsible for global warming , even if it were true that we are going through a very rapid ‘ natural ’ cycle as some believe , then surely it would make sense for us to reduce our global warming gas output so as not to exacerbate a dangerous trend ?
We cannot escape the logic that the more people there are , the more CO2 we will release by burning fossil fuels , an effect that will be magnified many fold as they all aspire to be richer and consume more .
There is much that we can , and must , do to mitigate our environmental impact , and this starts with each of us as individuals .
According to Jonathan Porritt , the UK Government is very comitted to action on climate change and to helping individuals and communities play their parts whilst the government handles things at a national and international level : let ’s hope so !
Internationally , the Copenhagen conference in December will be key in moving things forward ; in fact in instigating a step change in the way governments behave .
We must make a start on working out how to control population growth , which does not mean that we put on hold reducing our energy use and environmental footprint : in fact that has to be where we start because it will take effect much more quickly than any population measures .
This all comes back to my “ Death to The Environmentalist ” blog : we can no longer be ‘ greens ’ and the rest but must pull together to stabilise the situation now as far as we can .
People who believe that there is a problem need to work in concert , bringing their different expertises and energies to bear on its many facets , including global warming , biodiversity , habitat protection , equalisation of resources and population control .
Dr Lovelock is in good companyas Sir David Attenborough , Jane Goodall and Jonathon Porritt have all said that we must address the population issue .
To take a one - sided view and work as if the other stake - holders did n’t have a case is a recipe for disaster in the form of a Gaia shift .
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : ( 212 ) 549-2666 ; media@aclu.org
LOS ANGELES , Calif . –
An American man detained in the United Arab Emirates at the behest of the U.S. government has been released from state security custody and transferred to a prison in Abu Dhabi , but only after suffering severe torture .
Naji Hamdan 's transfer came only one week after lawyers for the ACLU of Southern California filed a lawsuit seeking his release .
On December 2 , Naji Hamdan , who lived in the Los Angeles area for two decades , was allowed a phone call to his brother , Hossam Hemdan , a resident of Los Angeles .
Hamdan reported to his brother that he had been transferred to a regular prison on November 26 .
Hamdan told his brother that his captors routinely beat him and kept him in a freezing underground room during his months - long detention by state security forces .
The torturers sometimes beat him in the location of his liver , knowing that he has a liver condition , and denied him his prescription liver medication throughout his detention .
His torturers also beat him on the soles of his feet , deprived him of sleep by shining a bright spotlight on his face for hours at a time , and engaged in other abuses .
The torture was so severe that he often passed out from the pain , Hamdan told his brother .
The agents also threatened to punish Hamdan 's wife and family if he did not confess to their allegations .
" Naji would never be involved with terrorism , but he has now suffered horrible torture for no reason .
I am very worried for my brother 's health .
The U.S. government must help him , " said Hossam Hemdan .
The news of Hamdan 's transfer comes after the American Civil Liberties Union of Southern California filed a habeas corpus petition in federal district court in Washington , D.C. , alleging that the U.A.E. detained Hamdan at the behest of the U.S. government .
On Tuesday , U.S. District Judge James Robertson ordered the government to respond to the petition .
Human - rights organizations such as Amnesty International have documented the U.A.E.'s practice of torturing prisoners , and in particular state security detainees .
" U. S. officials knew that Naji Hamdan would likely be tortured in U.A.E. custody .
The news today confirms what we most feared , " said Ahilan Arulanantham , Director of Immigrants ' Rights and National Security for the ACLU / SC .
" Now that we know that Naji Hamdan was tortured , it is even more imperative that the U.S. government advocate strongly for his release .
So long as the government fails to act , it remains complicit in the torture of this U.S. citizen . "
Hamdan , who was born in Lebanon , lived for two decades in the Los Angeles area , where he ran an auto - parts business and helped manage the Islamic Center of Hawthorne , a mosque and community center .
In 2006 , he decided to relocate his family and business to the U.A.E .
Hamdan 's detention in the U.A.E. was the culmination of years of surveillance by the Federal Bureau of Investigations ( FBI ) .
This summer FBI agents traveled from Los Angeles to the U.A.E. to question Hamdan further .
Approximately three weeks later he was detained by agents of the U.A.E. state security forces .
Hamdan 's brother and others who know him from his activities at the Islamic Center of Hawthorne have all said that he is a peaceful family man who would never support violence .
( CNN ) --
Even the most cunning of slackers may have finally met their match in a new piece of office surveillance software .
Naughty or nice ?
Snooping software could catch you out as " bad " employee , according to your e-footprint .
A program has been developed by U.S. firm Cataphora and " encompasses a large number of techniques for analyzing emotive tone in electronic communications " , according to the company 's Web site .
In other words , it can separate the good employees from the bad by analyzing workers ' electronic footprints ' -- the emails they send , the calls they make and the documents they write .
By doing this it builds up a picture of how an office functions by studying the patterns of who is talking to who , and flagging up causes for concern , like when someone changes language suddenly ( a sign of the need for greater security ) or STARTS WRITING IN CAPITALS ( which could mean a worker is in a highly emotional state ) .
Read more on Caps Lock crimes and misdemeanors .
" Our software builds a multi- dimensional model of normal behavior , " Cataphora CEO Elizabeth Charnock told CNN .
" Not all abnormal behavior is bad or dangerous , of course .
However , most bad or dangerous behavior is statistically abnormal . "
What constitutes normal changes between employees and over time , but Charnock claims Cataphora takes that into account and provides accurate intelligence offering genuine insight .
" [ We can tell ] who is really being consulted by other employees , and on which topics ; who is really making decisions , " says Charnock .
" What employees actually think about their managers and other topics that are sensitive enough to not be truthfully answered on questionnaires or surveys . "
Legal tool to office Big Brother
The software began as a tool to assist lawyers with the huge corporate databases often subpoenaed as evidence in trials but has now moved into human resources .
" We found over time that many of our investigations had at least some human resources ( HR ) flavor to them , " says Charnock .
" For example , a happy employee is likely to be a cooperative witness rather than a whistle - blower .
A disgruntled employee is likely to take less care in the performance of his work .
As we started to gain more prominence , people ranging from boutique HR consulting and law firms to management consultants began to contact us . "
Exactly what gets scanned varies from case to case .
" It depends what the exact needs are , " says Charnock .
" If someone wants to give us every electronic shred of data , we 'll take it . "
But Charnock is keen to stress Cataphora is n't only about bosses spying on their team -- it works both ways .
" Managers get to evaluate the employees far more than the employees have the opportunity to evaluate the managers , " she says .
" If you 've ever had a really bad manager , I do n't need to tell you how great a gain that is . "
The idea is to look at the big picture of how an organization functions at every level , rather than to simply snoop .
" To be clear , we really do n't care about people doing normal everyday things like emailing their friends from work or watching videos on YouTube , " says Charnock .
" Productivity has to do with what 's of value you produce for your employer ; if for example you create great sales proposals while watching YouTube , more power to you . "
What do you think ?
Big brother or effective management tool ?
Let us know in the " Sound off " box below .
Are you ' good ' or ' bad ' ?
What Cataphora does is look at the patterns an individual creates and how they fit in the general patterns of communication in the office in order to discern who are the effective workers and managers .
" At the risk of sounding simplistic , [ productive employees ] are frequently consulted by others on relevant topics , " says Charnock .
" They generate lots of content that is demonstrably read and re-used by others -- or perhaps they are an effective ' distributor ' of such information .
" The social or organizational dimension is really important here , because otherwise it becomes a contest of who generates the most content .
And content that no one ever uses by definition generally has very little value . "
In contrast , an unproductive employee does n't perform many clear tasks or really generate content , answer questions , fill out forms , or produce other evidence of work that interacts with other people .
And the popular guy who knows everyone yet never does anything should definitely beware : " We do have extensive filters to try to weed out people who are highly productive in areas such as sports banter and knowledge of local bars , " says Charnock .
Too much trust in computers ?
But not everyone is so enthusiastic , and digital campaigners groups ' responses to the potential of Cataphora have been lukewarm at best .
" Businesses should be careful about the implication of control and monitoring , " Jim Killock , Executive Director of the Open Rights Group , told CNN .
" The idea that employees could be judged by patterns in their email traffic must raise concerns :
False positives always occur in any analysis , and it seems worrying that individuals may have their actions interpreted with suspicion at a distance by HR departments .
People tend to believe what the computer tells them rather more than they should . "
More than that , Killock believes using such software can have a negative psychological impact on a workplace .
" It is a powerful signal that you do not fully trust the people you are paying or perhaps do n't invest the time and care to properly manage them , " he says .
" Ask yourself if this will make staff more efficient , or more risk averse and normative ?
Monitoring could actually damage performance among your more creative staff members .
" Surveillance , when not absolutely necessary , implies a lack of trust which can only undermine relations between managers and employees .
Often surveillance is simply a way of papering over the cracks caused by bad management . "
But Charnock believes employees have nothing to fear from Cataphora .
" Smarter monitoring software will actually preserve the privacy of people who are only ' guilty ' of minor infractions , " she says .
" Such as using one or more of the seven dirty words .
Or saying that they 'd like to ' kill their boss ' which generally should be understood as a turn of phrase rather than as a physical threat .
" Employers -- especially in this climate -- are n't going to pay people to snoop through their employees ' electronic activities for sheer entertainment value -- for one thing , what most employees do on a daily basis just is n't all that interesting .
" No one objects to software that scans electronic communications looking for content that everyone can generally agree is offensive , such as child pornography .
But someone who is creating potentially millions of dollars of liability for their employee is also a real , if different , problem .
And not just for the employer , but also for the other employees who depend on that employer for their livelihood . "
Ultimately , true privacy only begins outside the workplace -- and the law supports that .
In the United States , at least all email and other electronic content created on the employer 's equipment belongs to the employer , not the employee .
Slackers would do well to remember that .
People seem to be enjoying this !
You can Digg it up , or view a post with more context at Mediaite.com .
Or , follow me on Twitter .
Oops .
Jay Rosen ( @jayrosen_nyu ) noted an amusing error by attendees of the so - called " 9/12 " rallies in Washington .
Instead of reporting the actual attendance of 70,000 ( to take the higher estimate ) , they reported it as 2 million .
That 's quite a mistake .
It 's two orders of magnitude .
It 's akin to confusing the number of pixels in the two images below .
Waterford Township police say 35 - year - old Aimee Louise Sword used the internet to track down a teenage son she gave up for adoption years earlier and had sex with him .
Sword surrendered on April 24 and is charged with third - degree criminal sexual assault .
Police and prosecutors tell the Oakland Press that Sword put her son up for adoption more than 10 years prior to the assaults , but did not release his age .
Attorney Kenneth Burch says his client " maintains her presumption of innocence " and has had a hard time with the accusations .
Child Protective Services notified detectives about the situation .
Update : Commenters defend woman accused of having sex with teen son she gave up for adoption
July 2010 Update : Waterford Township woman gets 9 to 30 years in prison for sex with son she gave up for adoption
The July / August 2020 issue of acmqueue is out now
Subscribers and ACM Professional members login here
PDF
August 7 , 2009
Volume 7 , issue 7
Case Study
GFS : Evolution on Fast - forward
A discussion between Kirk McKusick and Sean Quinlan about the origin and evolution of the Google File System .
During the early stages of development at Google , the initial thinking did not include plans for building a new file system .
While work was still being done on one of the earliest versions of the company 's crawl and indexing system , however , it became quite clear to the core engineers that they really had no other choice , and GFS ( Google File System ) was born .
First , given that Google 's goal was to build a vast storage network out of inexpensive commodity hardware , it had to be assumed that component failures would be the norm — meaning that constant monitoring , error detection , fault tolerance , and automatic recovery would have to be an integral part of the file system .
Also , even by Google 's earliest estimates , the system 's throughput requirements were going to be daunting by anybody 's standards — featuring multi-gigabyte files and data sets containing terabytes of information and millions of objects .
Clearly , this meant traditional assumptions about I/O operations and block sizes would have to be revisited .
There was also the matter of scalability .
This was a file system that would surely need to scale like no other .
Of course , back in those earliest days , no one could have possibly imagined just how much scalability would be required .
They would learn about that soon enough .
Still , nearly a decade later , most of Google 's mind - boggling store of data and its ever - growing array of applications continue to rely upon GFS .
Many adjustments have been made to the file system along the way , and — together with a fair number of accommodations implemented within the applications that use GFS — they have made the journey possible .
To explore the reasoning behind a few of the more crucial initial design decisions as well as some of the incremental adaptations that have been made since then , ACM asked Sean Quinlan to pull back the covers on the changing file - system requirements and the evolving thinking at Google .
Since Quinlan served as the GFS tech leader for a couple of years and continues now as a principal engineer at Google , he 's in a good position to offer that perspective .
As a grounding point beyond the Googleplex , ACM asked Kirk McKusick to lead the discussion .
He is best known for his work on BSD ( Berkeley Software Distribution ) Unix , including the original design of the Berkeley FFS ( Fast File System ) .
The discussion starts , appropriately enough , at the beginning — with the unorthodox decision to base the initial GFS implementation on a single - master design .
At first blush , the risk of a single centralized master becoming a bandwidth bottleneck — or , worse , a single point of failure — seems fairly obvious , but it turns out Google 's engineers had their reasons for making this choice .
MCKUSICK
One of the more interesting — and significant — aspects of the original GFS architecture was the decision to base it on a single master .
Can you walk us through what led to that decision ?
QUINLAN
The decision to go with a single master was actually one of the very first decisions , mostly just to simplify the overall design problem .
That is , building a distributed master right from the outset was deemed too difficult and would take too much time .
Also , by going with the single - master approach , the engineers were able to simplify a lot of problems .
Having a central place to control replication and garbage collection and many other activities was definitely simpler than handling it all on a distributed basis .
So the decision was made to centralize that in one machine .
MCKUSICK
Was this mostly about being able to roll out something within a reasonably short time frame ?
QUINLAN Yes .
In fact , some of the engineers who were involved in that early effort later went on to build BigTable , a distributed storage system , but that effort took many years .
The decision to build the original GFS around the single master really helped get something out into the hands of users much more rapidly than would have otherwise been possible .
Also , in sketching out the use cases they anticipated , it did n't seem the single - master design would cause much of a problem .
The scale they were thinking about back then was framed in terms of hundreds of terabytes and a few million files .
In fact , the system worked just fine to start with .
MCKUSICK
But then what ?
QUINLAN Problems started to occur once the size of the underlying storage increased .
Going from a few hundred terabytes up to petabytes , and then up to tens of petabytes � that really required a proportionate increase in the amount of metadata the master had to maintain .
Also , operations such as scanning the metadata to look for recoveries all scaled linearly with the volume of data .
So the amount of work required of the master grew substantially .
The amount of storage needed to retain all that information grew as well .
In addition , this proved to be a bottleneck for the clients , even though the clients issue few metadata operations themselves — for example , a client talks to the master whenever it does an open .
When you have thousands of clients all talking to the master at the same time , given that the master is capable of doing only a few thousand operations a second , the average client is n't able to command all that many operations per second .
Also bear in mind that there are applications such as MapReduce , where you might suddenly have a thousand tasks , each wanting to open a number of files .
Obviously , it would take a long time to handle all those requests , and the master would be under a fair amount of duress .
MCKUSICK
Now , under the current schema for GFS , you have one master per cell , right ?
QUINLAN
That 's correct .
MCKUSICK
And historically you 've had one cell per data center , right ?
QUINLAN
That was initially the goal , but it did n't work out like that to a large extent — partly because of the limitations of the single - master design and partly because isolation proved to be difficult .
As a consequence , people generally ended up with more than one cell per data center .
We also ended up doing what we call a " multi- cell " approach , which basically made it possible to put multiple GFS masters on top of a pool of chunkservers .
That way , the chunkservers could be configured to have , say , eight GFS masters assigned to them , and that would give you at least one pool of underlying storage — with multiple master heads on it , if you will .
Then the application was responsible for partitioning data across those different cells .
MCKUSICK
Presumably each application would then essentially have its own master that would be responsible for managing its own little file system .
Was that basically the idea ?
QUINLAN
Well , yes and no .
Applications would tend to use either one master or a small set of the masters .
We also have something we called Name Spaces , which are just a very static way of partitioning a namespace that people can use to hide all of this from the actual application .
The Logs Processing System offers an example of this approach : once logs exhaust their ability to use just one cell , they move to multiple GFS cells ; a namespace file describes how the log data is partitioned across those different cells and basically serves to hide the exact partitioning from the application .
But this is all fairly static .
MCKUSICK
What 's the performance like , in light of all that ?
QUINLAN
We ended up putting a fair amount of effort into tuning master performance , and it 's atypical of Google to put a lot of work into tuning any one particular binary .
Generally , our approach is just to get things working reasonably well and then turn our focus to scalability — which usually works well in that you can generally get your performance back by scaling things .
Because in this instance we had a single bottleneck that was starting to have an impact on operations , however , we felt that investing a bit of additional effort into making the master lighter weight would be really worthwhile .
In the course of scaling from thousands of operations to tens of thousands and beyond , the single master had become somewhat less of a bottleneck .
That was a case where paying more attention to the efficiency of that one binary definitely helped keep GFS going for quite a bit longer than would have otherwise been possible .
It could be argued that managing to get GFS ready for production in record time constituted a victory in its own right and that , by speeding Google to market , this ultimately contributed mightily to the company 's success .
A team of three was responsible for all of that — for the core of GFS — and for the system being readied for deployment in less than a year .
But then came the price that so often befalls any successful system — that is , once the scale and use cases have had time to expand far beyond what anyone could have possibly imagined .
In Google 's case , those pressures proved to be particularly intense .
Although organizations do n't make a habit of exchanging file - system statistics , it 's safe to assume that GFS is the largest file system in operation ( in fact , that was probably true even before Google 's acquisition of YouTube ) .
Hence , even though the original architects of GFS felt they had provided adequately for at least a couple of orders of magnitude of growth , Google quickly zoomed right past that .
In addition , the number of applications GFS was called upon to support soon ballooned .
In an interview with one of the original GFS architects , Howard Gobioff ( conducted just prior to his surprising death in early 2008 ) , he recalled , " The original consumer of all our earliest GFS versions was basically this tremendously large crawling and indexing system .
The second wave came when our quality team and research groups started using GFS rather aggressively — and basically , they were all looking to use GFS to store large data sets .
And then , before long , we had 50 users , all of whom required a little support from time to time so they 'd all keep playing nicely with each other . "
One thing that helped tremendously was that Google built not only the file system but also all of the applications running on top of it .
While adjustments were continually made in GFS to make it more accommodating to all the new use cases , the applications themselves were also developed with the various strengths and weaknesses of GFS in mind .
" Because we built everything , we were free to cheat whenever we wanted to , " Gobioff neatly summarized .
" We could push problems back and forth between the application space and the file - system space , and then work out accommodations between the two . "
The matter of sheer scale , however , called for some more substantial adjustments .
One coping strategy had to do with the use of multiple " cells " across the network , functioning essentially as related but distinct file systems .
Besides helping to deal with the immediate problem of scale , this proved to be a more efficient arrangement for the operations of widely dispersed data centers .
Rapid growth also put pressure on another key parameter of the original GFS design : the choice to establish 64 MB as the standard chunk size .
That , of course , was much larger than the typical file - system block size , but only because the files generated by Google 's crawling and indexing system were unusually large .
As the application mix changed over time , however , ways had to be found to let the system deal efficiently with large numbers of files requiring far less than 64 MB ( think in terms of Gmail , for example ) .
The problem was not so much with the number of files itself , but rather with the memory demands all of those files made on the centralized master , thus exposing one of the bottleneck risks inherent in the original GFS design .
MCKUSICK
I gather from the original GFS paper [ Ghemawat , S. , Gobioff , H. , Leung , S - T. 2003 .
The Google File System .
SOSP ( ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles ) ] that file counts have been a significant issue for you right along .
Can you go into that a little bit ?
QUINLAN
The file - count issue came up fairly early because of the way people ended up designing their systems around GFS .
Let me cite a specific example .
Early in my time at Google , I was involved in the design of the Logs Processing system .
We initially had a model where a front - end server would write a log , which we would then basically copy into GFS for processing and archival .
That was fine to start with , but then the number of front - end servers increased , each rolling logs every day .
At the same time , the number of log types was going up , and then you 'd have front - end servers that would go through crash loops and generate lots more logs .
So we ended up with a lot more files than we had anticipated based on our initial back - of - the - envelope estimates .
This became an area we really had to keep an eye on .
Finally , we just had to concede there was no way we were going to survive a continuation of the sort of file - count growth we had been experiencing .
MCKUSICK
Let me make sure I 'm following this correctly : your issue with file - count growth is a result of your needing to have a piece of metadata on the master for each file , and that metadata has to fit in the master 's memory .
QUINLAN
That 's correct .
MCKUSICK
And there are only a finite number of files you can accommodate before the master runs out of memory ?
QUINLAN Exactly .
And there are two bits of metadata .
One identifies the file , and the other points out the chunks that back that file .
If you had a chunk that contained only 1 MB , it would take up only 1 MB of disk space , but it still would require those two bits of metadata on the master .
If your average file size ends up dipping below 64 MB , the ratio of the number of objects on your master to what you have in storage starts to go down .
That 's where you run into problems .
Going back to that logs example , it quickly became apparent that the natural mapping we had thought of — and which seemed to make perfect sense back when we were doing our back - of - the - envelope estimates — turned out not to be acceptable at all .
We needed to find a way to work around this by figuring out how we could combine some number of underlying objects into larger files .
In the case of the logs , that was n't exactly rocket science , but it did require a lot of effort .
MCKUSICK
That sounds like the old days when IBM had only a minimum disk allocation , so it provided you with a utility that let you pack a bunch of files together and then create a table of contents for that .
QUINLAN Exactly .
For us , each application essentially ended up doing that to varying degrees .
That proved to be less burdensome for some applications than for others .
In the case of our logs , we had n't really been planning to delete individual log files .
It was more likely that we would end up rewriting the logs to anonymize them or do something else along those lines .
That way , you do n't get the garbage - collection problems that can come up if you delete only some of the files within a bundle .
For some other applications , however , the file - count problem was more acute .
Many times , the most natural design for some application just would n't fit into GFS — even though at first glance you would think the file count would be perfectly acceptable , it would turn out to be a problem .
When we started using more shared cells , we put quotas on both file counts and storage space .
The limit that people have ended up running into most has been , by far , the file - count quota .
In comparison , the underlying storage quota rarely proves to be a problem .
MCKUSICK
What longer - term strategy have you come up with for dealing with the file - count issue ?
Certainly , it does n't seem that a distributed master is really going to help with that — not if the master still has to keep all the metadata in memory , that is .
QUINLAN
The distributed master certainly allows you to grow file counts , in line with the number of machines you 're willing to throw at it .
That certainly helps .
One of the appeals of the distributed multimaster model is that if you scale everything up by two orders of magnitude , then getting down to a 1 - MB average file size is going to be a lot different from having a 64 - MB average file size .
If you end up going below 1 MB , then you 're also going to run into other issues that you really need to be careful about .
For example , if you end up having to read 10,000 10 - KB files , you 're going to be doing a lot more seeking than if you 're just reading 100 1 - MB files .
My gut feeling is that if you design for an average 1 - MB file size , then that should provide for a much larger class of things than does a design that assumes a 64 - MB average file size .
Ideally , you would like to imagine a system that goes all the way down to much smaller file sizes , but 1 MB seems a reasonable compromise in our environment .
MCKUSICK
What have you been doing to design GFS to work with 1 - MB files ?
QUINLAN
We have n't been doing anything with the existing GFS design .
Our distributed master system that will provide for 1 - MB files is essentially a whole new design .
That way , we can aim for something on the order of 100 million files per master .
You can also have hundreds of masters .
MCKUSICK
So , essentially no single master would have all this data on it ?
QUINLAN
That 's the idea .
With the recent emergence within Google of BigTable , a distributed storage system for managing structured data , one potential remedy for the file - count problem — albeit perhaps not the very best one — is now available .
The significance of BigTable goes far beyond file counts , however .
Specifically , it was designed to scale into the petabyte range across hundreds or thousands of machines , as well as to make it easy to add more machines to the system and automatically start taking advantage of those resources without reconfiguration .
For a company predicated on the notion of employing the collective power , potential redundancy , and economies of scale inherent in a massive deployment of commodity hardware , these rate as significant advantages indeed .
Accordingly , BigTable is now used in conjunction with a growing number of Google applications .
Although it represents a departure of sorts from the past , it also must be said that BigTable was built on GFS , runs on GFS , and was consciously designed to remain consistent with most GFS principles .
Consider it , therefore , as one of the major adaptations made along the way to help keep GFS viable in the face of rapid and widespread change .
MCKUSICK
You now have this thing called BigTable .
Do you view that as an application in its own right ?
QUINLAN
From the GFS point of view , it 's an application , but it 's clearly more of an infrastructure piece .
MCKUSICK
If I understand this correctly , BigTable is essentially a lightweight relational database .
QUINLAN
It 's not really a relational database .
I mean , we 're not doing SQL and it does n't really support joins and such .
But BigTable is a structured storage system that lets you have lots of key - value pairs and a schema .
MCKUSICK
Who are the real clients of BigTable ?
QUINLAN BigTable is increasingly being used within Google for crawling and indexing systems , and we use it a lot within many of our client - facing applications .
The truth of the matter is that there are tons of BigTable clients .
Basically , any app with lots of small data items tends to use BigTable .
That 's especially true wherever there 's fairly structured data .
MCKUSICK
I guess the question I 'm really trying to pose here is : Did BigTable just get stuck into a lot of these applications as an attempt to deal with the small - file problem , basically by taking a whole bunch of small things and then aggregating them together ?
QUINLAN
That has certainly been one use case for BigTable , but it was actually intended for a much more general sort of problem .
If you 're using BigTable in that way — that is , as a way of fighting the file - count problem where you might have otherwise used a file system to handle that — then you would not end up employing all of BigTable 's functionality by any means .
BigTable is n't really ideal for that purpose in that it requires resources for its own operations that are nontrivial .
Also , it has a garbage - collection policy that 's not super - aggressive , so that might not be the most efficient way to use your space .
I 'd say that the people who have been using BigTable purely to deal with the file - count problem probably have n't been terribly happy , but there 's no question that it is one way for people to handle that problem .
MCKUSICK
What I 've read about GFS seems to suggest that the idea was to have only two basic data structures : logs and SSTables ( Sorted String Tables ) .
Since I 'm guessing the SSTables must be used to handle key - value pairs and that sort of thing , how is that different from BigTable ?
QUINLAN
The main difference is that SSTables are immutable , while BigTable provides mutable key value storage , and a whole lot more .
BigTable itself is actually built on top of logs and SSTables .
Initially , it stores incoming data into transaction log files .
Then it gets compacted — as we call it — into a series of SSTables , which in turn get compacted together over time .
In some respects , it 's reminiscent of a log - structure file system .
Anyway , as you 've observed , logs and SSTables do seem to be the two data structures underlying the way we structure most of our data .
We have log files for mutable stuff as it's being recorded .
Then , once you have enough of that , you sort it and put it into this structure that has an index .
Even though GFS does not provide a Posix interface , it still has a pretty generic file - system interface , so people are essentially free to write any sort of data they like .
It 's just that , over time , the majority of our users have ended up using these two data structures .
We also have something called protocol buffers , which is our data description language .
The majority of data ends up being protocol buffers in these two structures .
Both provide for compression and checksums .
Even though there are some people internally who end up reinventing these things , most people are content just to use those two basic building blocks .
Because GFS was designed initially to enable a crawling and indexing system , throughput was everything .
In fact , the original paper written about the system makes this quite explicit : " High sustained bandwidth is more important than low latency .
Most of our target applications place a premium on processing data in bulk at a high rate , while few have stringent response - time requirements for an individual read and write . "
But then Google either developed or embraced many user - facing Internet services for which this is most definitely not the case .
One GFS shortcoming that this immediately exposed had to do with the original single - master design .
A single point of failure may not have been a disaster for batch - oriented applications , but it was certainly unacceptable for latency - sensitive applications , such as video serving .
The later addition of automated failover capabilities helped , but even then service could be out for up to a minute .
The other major challenge for GFS , of course , has revolved around finding ways to build latency - sensitive applications on top of a file system designed around an entirely different set of priorities .
MCKUSICK
It 's well documented that the initial emphasis in designing GFS was on batch efficiency as opposed to low latency .
Now that has come back to cause you trouble , particularly in terms of handling things such as videos .
How are you handling that ?
QUINLAN
The GFS design model from the get - go was all about achieving throughput , not about the latency at which that might be achieved .
To give you a concrete example , if you 're writing a file , it will typically be written in triplicate — meaning you 'll actually be writing to three chunkservers .
Should one of those chunkservers die or hiccup for a long period of time , the GFS master will notice the problem and schedule what we call a pullchunk , which means it will basically replicate one of those chunks .
That will get you back up to three copies , and then the system will pass control back to the client , which will continue writing .
When we do a pullchunk we limit it to something on the order of 5 - 10 MB a second .
So , for 64 MB , you 're talking about 10 seconds for this recovery to take place .
There are lots of other things like this that might take 10 seconds to a minute , which works just fine for batch - type operations .
If you 're doing a large MapReduce operation , you 're OK just so long as one of the items is not a real straggler , in which case you 've got yourself a different sort of problem .
Still , generally speaking , a hiccup on the order of a minute over the course of an hour - long batch job does n't really show up .
If you are working on Gmail , however , and you 're trying to write a mutation that represents some user action , then getting stuck for a minute is really going to mess you up .
We 've had similar issues with our master failover .
Initially , GFS had no provision for automatic master failover .
It was a manual process .
Although it did n't happen a lot , whenever it did , the cell might be down for an hour .
Even our initial master - failover implementation required on the order of minutes .
Over the past year , however , we 've taken that down to something on the order of tens of seconds .
MCKUSICK Still , for user - facing applications , that 's not acceptable .
QUINLAN Right .
While these instances — where you have to provide for failover and error recovery — may have been acceptable in the batch situation , they 're definitely not OK from a latency point of view for a user - facing application .
Another issue here is that there are places in the design where we 've tried to optimize for throughput by dumping thousands of operations into a queue and then just processing through them .
That leads to fine throughput , but it 's not great for latency .
You can easily get into situations where you might be stuck for seconds at a time in a queue just waiting to get to the head of the queue .
Our user base has definitely migrated from being a MapReduce - based world to more of an interactive world that relies on things such as BigTable .
Gmail is an obvious example of that .
Videos are n't quite as bad where GFS is concerned because you get to stream data , meaning you can buffer .
Still , trying to build an interactive database on top of a file system that was designed from the start to support more batch - oriented operations has certainly proved to be a pain point .
MCKUSICK
How exactly have you managed to deal with that ?
QUINLAN Within GFS , we 've managed to improve things to a certain degree , mostly by designing the applications to deal with the problems that come up .
Take BigTable as a good concrete example .
The BigTable transaction log is actually the biggest bottleneck for getting a transaction logged .
In effect , we decided , " Well , we 're going to see hiccups in these writes , so what we 'll do is to have two logs open at any one time .
Then we 'll just basically merge the two .
We 'll write to one and if that gets stuck , we 'll write to the other .
We 'll merge those logs once we do a replay — if we need to do a replay , that is . "
We tended to design our applications to function like that — which is to say they basically try to hide that latency since they know the system underneath is n't really all that great .
The guys who built Gmail went to a multihomed model , so if one instance of your Gmail account got stuck , you would basically just get moved to another data center .
Actually , that capability was needed anyway just to ensure availability .
Still , part of the motivation was that they wanted to hide the GFS problems .
MCKUSICK
I think it 's fair to say that , by moving to a distributed - master file system , you 're definitely going to be able to attack some of those latency issues .
QUINLAN
That was certainly one of our design goals .
Also , BigTable itself is a very failure - aware system that tries to respond to failures far more rapidly than we were able to before .
Using that as our metadata storage helps with some of those latency issues as well .
The engineers who worked on the earliest versions of GFS were n't particularly shy about departing from traditional choices in file - system design whenever they felt the need to do so .
It just so happens that the approach taken to consistency is one of the aspects of the system where this is particularly evident .
Part of this , of course , was driven by necessity .
Since Google 's plans rested largely on massive deployments of commodity hardware , failures and hardware - related faults were a given .
Beyond that , according to the original GFS paper , there were a few compatibility issues .
" Many of our disks claimed to the Linux driver that they supported a range of IDE protocol versions but in fact responded reliably only to the more recent ones .
Since the protocol versions are very similar , these drives mostly worked but occasionally the mismatches would cause the drive and the kernel to disagree about the drive 's state .
This would corrupt data silently due to problems in the kernel .
This problem motivated our use of checksums to detect data corruption . "
That did n't mean just any checksumming , however , but instead rigorous end - to - end checksumming , with an eye to everything from disk corruption to TCP / IP corruption to machine backplane corruption .
Interestingly , for all that checksumming vigilance , the GFS engineering team also opted for an approach to consistency that 's relatively loose by file - system standards .
Basically , GFS simply accepts that there will be times when people will end up reading slightly stale data .
Since GFS is used mostly as an append - only system as opposed to an overwriting system , this generally means those people might end up missing something that was appended to the end of the file after they 'd already opened it .
To the GFS designers , this seemed an acceptable cost ( although it turns out that there are applications for which this proves problematic ) .
Also , as Gobioff explained , " The risk of stale data in certain circumstances is just inherent to a highly distributed architecture that does n't ask the master to maintain all that much information .
We definitely could have made things a lot tighter if we were willing to dump a lot more data into the master and then have it maintain more state .
But that just really was n't all that critical to us . "
Perhaps an even more important issue here is that the engineers making this decision owned not just the file system but also the applications intended to run on the file system .
According to Gobioff , " The thing is that we controlled both the horizontal and the vertical — the file system and the application .
So we could be sure our applications would know what to expect from the file system .
And we just decided to push some of the complexity out to the applications to let them deal with it . "
Still , there are some at Google who wonder whether that was the right call if only because people can sometimes obtain different data in the course of reading a given file multiple times , which tends to be so strongly at odds with their whole notion of how data storage is supposed to work .
MCKUSICK
Let 's talk about consistency .
The issue seems to be that it presumably takes some amount of time to get everything fully written to all the replicas .
I think you said something earlier to the effect that GFS essentially requires that this all be fully written before you can continue .
QUINLAN
That 's correct .
MCKUSICK
If that 's the case , then how can you possibly end up with things that are n't consistent ?
QUINLAN
Client failures have a way of fouling things up .
Basically , the model in GFS is that the client just continues to push the write until it succeeds .
If the client ends up crashing in the middle of an operation , things are left in a bit of an indeterminate state .
Early on , that was sort of considered to be OK , but over time , we tightened the window for how long that inconsistency could be tolerated , and then we slowly continued to reduce that .
Otherwise , whenever the data is in that inconsistent state , you may get different lengths for the file .
That can lead to some confusion .
We had to have some backdoor interfaces for checking the consistency of the file data in those instances .
We also have something called RecordAppend , which is an interface designed for multiple writers to append to a log concurrently .
There the consistency was designed to be very loose .
In retrospect , that turned out to be a lot more painful than anyone expected .
MCKUSICK
What exactly was loose ?
If the primary replica picks what the offset is for each write and then makes sure that actually occurs , I do n't see where the inconsistencies are going to come up .
QUINLAN
What happens is that the primary will try .
It will pick an offset , it will do the writes , but then one of them wo n't actually get written .
Then the primary might change , at which point it can pick a different offset .
RecordAppend does not offer any replay protection either .
You could end up getting the data multiple times in the file .
There were even situations where you could get the data in a different order .
It might appear multiple times in one chunk replica , but not necessarily in all of them .
If you were reading the file , you could discover the data in different ways at different times .
At the record level , you could discover the records in different orders depending on which chunks you happened to be reading .
MCKUSICK
Was this done by design ?
QUINLAN
At the time , it must have seemed like a good idea , but in retrospect I think the consensus is that it proved to be more painful than it was worth .
It just does n't meet the expectations people have of a file system , so they end up getting surprised .
Then they had to figure out work - arounds .
MCKUSICK
In retrospect , how would you handle this differently ?
QUINLAN
I think it makes more sense to have a single writer per file .
MCKUSICK
All right , but what happens when you have multiple people wanting to append to a log ?
QUINLAN
You serialize the writes through a single process that can ensure the replicas are consistent .
MCKUSICK
There 's also this business where you essentially snapshot a chunk .
Presumably , that 's something you use when you 're essentially replacing a replica , or whenever some chunkserver goes down and you need to replace some of its files .
QUINLAN
Actually , two things are going on there .
One , as you suggest , is the recovery mechanism , which definitely involves copying around replicas of the file .
The way that works in GFS is that we basically revoke the lock so that the client can't write it anymore , and this is part of that latency issue we were talking about .
There 's also a separate issue , which is to support the snapshot feature of GFS .
GFS has the most general - purpose snapshot capability you can imagine .
You could snapshot any directory somewhere , and then both copies would be entirely equivalent .
They would share the unchanged data .
You could change either one and you could further snapshot either one .
So it was really more of a clone than what most people think of as a snapshot .
It 's an interesting thing , but it makes for difficulties — especially as you try to build more distributed systems and you want potentially to snapshot larger chunks of the file tree .
I also think it 's interesting that the snapshot feature has n't been used more since it 's actually a very powerful feature .
That is , from a file - system point of view , it really offers a pretty nice piece of functionality .
But putting snapshots into file systems , as I 'm sure you know , is a real pain .
MCKUSICK : I know .
I 've done it .
It 's excruciating — especially in an overwriting file system .
QUINLAN Exactly .
This is a case where we did n't cheat , but from an implementation perspective , it 's hard to create true snapshots .
Still , it seems that in this case , going the full deal was the right decision .
Just the same , it 's an interesting contrast to some of the other decisions that were made early on in terms of the semantics .
All in all , the report card on GFS nearly 10 years later seems positive .
There have been problems and shortcomings , to be sure , but there 's surely no arguing with Google 's success and GFS has without a doubt played an important role in that .
What 's more , its staying power has been nothing short of remarkable given that Google 's operations have scaled orders of magnitude beyond anything the system had been designed to handle , while the application mix Google currently supports is not one that anyone could have possibly imagined back in the late '90s .
Still , there 's no question that GFS faces many challenges now .
For one thing , the awkwardness of supporting an ever - growing fleet of user - facing , latency - sensitive applications on top of a system initially designed for batch - system throughput is something that 's obvious to all .
The advent of BigTable has helped somewhat in this regard .
As it turns out , however , BigTable is n't actually all that great a fit for GFS .
In fact , it just makes the bottleneck limitations of the system 's single - master design more apparent than would otherwise be the case .
For these and other reasons , engineers at Google have been working for much of the past two years on a new distributed master system designed to take full advantage of BigTable to attack some of those problems that have proved particularly difficult for GFS .
Accordingly , it now seems that beyond all the adjustments made to ensure the continued survival of GFS , the newest branch on the evolutionary tree will continue to grow in significance over the years to come .
Q
LOVE IT , HATE IT ?
LET US KNOW
[ email protected ]
© 2009 ACM 1542-7730/09/0800 $ 10.00
Originally published in Queue vol. 7 , no .
7 —
see this item in the ACM Digital Library
© 2020 ACM , Inc. All Rights Reserved .
Matt Martin Thursday 17th September 2009
Share this article Share
Companies in this article Sony Computer Entertainment
The BBC 's flagship consumer show Watchdog has highlighted failure rates for the PlayStation 3 and the so - called ' yellow light of death ' , although attempts to fix consoles on behalf of disgruntled consumers backfired .
Watchdog established a repair team outside Sony 's UK HQ earlier this month , complete with branded van , and filmed 11 users getting their consoles repaired for free .
During the show tonight , it admitted four of those consoles repaired by " experts " were no longer working .
Earlier today Sony issued a six page report to GamesIndustry .
biz defending technical and warranty support for the PlayStation 3 console , ahead of the Watchdog broadcast .
GamesIndustry.biz understands
Sony declined to appear on the show due to concerns the tone of the programme would ridicule its defence and it would not receive fair treatment .
During the show , the report claimed the PlayStation 3 costs " £ 400 " and with repair will total " £ 528 " according to show presenter Anne Robinson , who also said " thousands upon thousands " had broken .
Also included in the segment was an x-ray of the PlayStation 3 showing " trapped gas " , although no explanation of this was offered .
Sony 's UK MD Ray Maguire said earlier today that of all the faults reported to Sony 's customer complaints and warranty database , yellow light issues account for " less than one half of one per cent of units . "
Sony 's warranty for the PlayStation 3 is for one year since purchase , and repairs for any faults after that cost GBP 128 .
Although the BBC report lacked credibility , Sony will be unhappy with any bad press in a month that has seen PlayStation 3 sales turn a corner following the release of a new model console and a lowering of the retail price .
The gray wolf , virtually exterminated in the West in the early 20th century , will be hunted once again in Idaho beginning today after a successful reintroduction program saw populations of the predator bloom across much of the northern Rocky Mountains .
Though a federal judge has been asked to intervene , new state laws call for wolf hunts to begin today in two parts of Idaho , followed by hunts in much of the rest of the state and in Montana later this month .
Protected under the federal Endangered Species
Act since 1973 , when they were nearly extinct in the continental United States , wolves were reintroduced into Yellowstone National Park and parts of Idaho in the 1990s and have since formed a large number of hunting and breeding packs that are beginning to range as far as Oregon .
The federal government concluded that the wolves , which now number about 1,650 , had recovered , and lifted the endangered - species protections this year .
Advertisement
A coalition of environmental groups went to court Monday in Missoula , Mont. , to ask U.S. District Judge Donald Molloy to block the hunts , arguing that allowing them to go forward could threaten the wolves ’ survival by eliminating key connecting corridors among the various populations in Idaho , Montana and Wyoming .
“ We had expected at this point to be celebrating the recovery of the gray wolf in the northern Rockies .
Instead , after decades of recovery efforts , tremendous support and investment from the American public . . . and one of the most successful wildlife restorations in history , the future of the gray wolf in the Rocky Mountains is once again in jeopardy , ” Suzanne Stone , northern Rockies representative for Defenders of Wildlife , one of the plaintiff groups , said in a statement .
The judge did not say after Monday ’s hearing whether or when he would act , and unless he does , the hunt proceeds as planned , said Ed Mitchell , spokesman for the Idaho Department of Fish and Game .
“ It will be legal to hunt in two of our 12 zones , ” Mitchell said , referring to the mountainous Sawtooth region west of Sun Valley and the rugged wilderness of northern Idaho near the Montana border .
Advertisement
As of midday Monday , the state had sold more than 10,700 tags to hunters .
The hunt allows the harvest of up to 220 wolves in Idaho and up to 75 in Montana from now until the end of the year .
In areas where deer and elk populations are particularly threatened by wolves , some hunting is to extend through March 31 .
Mitchell said Idaho ’s wolf population now numbered at least 1,000 and had been increasing at about 20 % a year , and “ we ’re absolutely convinced ” the animals can survive a limited harvest .
“ We ’re finding places where the populations of wolves are really going up , and the populations of ungulate species are dropping dramatically , and becoming unsustainable .
And of course , that ’s not healthy for anybody , ” said Nate Helm , president of Idaho Sportsmen for Fish and Wildlife , a nonprofit group that promotes wildlife habitat and management programs from the hunters ’ perspective .
Advertisement
Helm said he expected the interest in buying wolf hunting licenses to drop off quickly .
“ Right now it ’s got kind of a flair to it .
It ’s the new thing , and as appealing as it may be , in the future I do n’t think it ’s going to be such a big deal , ” he said .
“ I think it ’s going to be difficult to harvest wolves .
They learn from their mistakes , they run in packs and they learn from the mistakes of others .
They ’ll become nocturnal , and we have a hard time doing that , hunting at night . ”
Earthjustice , the legal defense group that represented 12 conservation and humane organizations in this week ’s legal action , argued that the hunt could seriously threaten the wolf recovery by genetically and geographically isolating individual wolf populations spread across three states .
Wolves remain protected under the Endangered Species Act in parts of Wyoming , though state regulations have otherwise allowed hunting of wolves with relatively few restrictions .
Advertisement
“ The whole recovery plan is predicated on this notion that wolves in the three core areas , Yellowstone park , Glacier park and the wilderness complex of central Idaho , are all part and parcel of the same population , that there ’s ready exchange of wolves from these different areas , and that if you wipe out a population of wolves in a particular area , then wolves from other areas would move in and recolonize that area , ” said Doug Honnold , who argued the case for Earthjustice .
Ed Bangs , wolf recovery program coordinator for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service , said the wolves had recovered to the extent that they would not be threatened by a limited hunt .
“ As of last December , we had 1,650 wolves distributed throughout 110,000 square miles of suitable habitat , ” he said .
“ Wolves are moving all over the place like wolves do , there ’s high genetic diversity everywhere .
Advertisement
“ So the science clearly indicates the wolf population no longer needs the protection of the Endangered Species Act , ” Bangs said .
“ You could n’t do much better . ”
--
kim.murphy@latimes.com
Tags
Even if by some miracle Obamacare was able to deliver on its promises , it is still not clear that universal coverage would be a laudable achievement .
In fact , the exact opposite is true .
What Efficiency Is and Is Not
To properly address the merits of universal coverage , we must first establish exactly what we as economists consider ideal .
Any college freshman can easily cite the promotion of " efficiency " as the ultimate goal of economics , but contemporary political economists profoundly lack an understanding of what it actually means for a market to function efficiently .
A market is said to be " efficient " when its producers and consumers are acting cost - effectively ; in other words , when they are economizing on their scarce resources .
Consumers are said to be acting efficiently when they choose to consume only those goods and services that most please them .
It is easy to see that individual consumption decisions are the only method by which consumer welfare can be maximized .
Unfortunately , when they talk about " efficiency , " mainstream economists all but ignore the dual pillars of efficacious market processes and optimal consumer behavior .
Outside of theoretical claims about " market externalities , " mainstream economists are content to measure what they call efficiency with political analysis of various statistics .
These statistics range from the prices of certain goods to the availability of certain services , with the latter often measured in arbitrary terms such as " sufficient health insurance coverage . "
To derive a measurement for efficiency , however , is both theoretically absurd and practically impossible , because the simple reality is that economists do n't know and indeed cannot possibly ever know which quantities , prices , production processes , and types of employment are efficient .
Economists are able to estimate certain parameters , such as short - term commodity price trends , with some degree of certainty .
But it is indeed impossible for economists to predict a priori which goods will be produced , which methods they will be produced by , and what prices they will be sold at , in an efficient market ( or what Cordato calls an open - ended universe ) .
It is just as impossible to determine , therefore , whether any given market can be said to be working efficiently .
The only conclusion that economists are able to reach a priori with respect to consumption decisions is that a consumer necessarily consumes those goods within his means that he expects will please him most .
This axiom is rooted in praxeological truths regarding human action — namely that man is rational , and that his actions , informed by experience and reason , fulfill his desires .
Therefore , we can observe an individual consumer 's choices and thus know his preferences .
While a group of consumers can tell a central planner that they really do prefer health insurance to the goods they currently buy , their actual purchases incontrovertibly reveal their true preferences .
It is easy to see , then , that a truly free market , which allows each consumer complete freedom of choice , is the best mechanism for the maximization of consumer welfare .
L'Homme Politique versus Homo Economicus
Central planning , be it in health insurance or in farm products , is not designed with true economic efficiency in mind .
An efficiently operating market economy does not strive toward political benchmarks — in fact , it abhors them .
Even in a politically regulated economy , individuals will attempt to fulfill their consumption desires so long as legal disincentives are not strong enough — in other words , as long as individuals do n't believe they 'll be fined or jailed to such a degree as to make the good or service in question too costly .
This , of course , is the reason that black markets exist in every country on the planet .
The implications of this point are clear : to enforce central planners ' decisions for consumer behavior , the governing body must enforce strict and serious penalties .
Not surprisingly , the Democrats ' healthcare bill includes just such a penalty for those consumers who refuse to participate in the plan .
Such fines may make political plans more effectual , but they will not and cannot make the economy more efficient .
Instead , they necessarily make the economy less efficient because they deliberately create suboptimal consumption choices .
Thus far , our discussion of efficiency has made clear what policy makers should not do to increase the efficiency of the operation of the economy .
Perhaps we ought to consider what the government should do to increase market efficiency .
As discussed earlier , from the very fact of their abstention from the purchase of healthcare services , we know a posteriori that millions of individuals in this country do not desire health insurance more than other goods or services .
Indeed , even with the lower prices for coverage that would prevail in a truly free market , there is every reason to expect that millions would choose not to purchase insurance .
Central planning authorities , then , ought to allow completely free consumption and production of all goods and services .
This is not a recommendation for passive policy , but rather for an active policy of economic liberalization and the repeal of every type of prohibition .
The allowance of economic freedom must extend to every type of good , no matter how unsavory or immoral its consumption may seem to the general public .
Undeniably , some people will choose to spend their money at their closest casino rather than on purchasing health services .
We should no longer treat such consumers as if they are too stupid or improvident to fulfill their own desires .
They are merely individuals with high risk tolerances and strong desires for the psychological thrills of gambling .
For such consumers , then , the enforcement of healthcare mandates ( and the regulation or outlawing of gambling ) unequivocally makes them worse off .
While their choices may negatively affect national health statistics , the repeal of all prohibitions would unambiguously increase their happiness .
With such consumers in mind , we can assert with confidence that a health insurance mandate must , by praxeological definition , decrease consumer welfare and thus make the economy less efficient .
Any prescriptions contrary to this formula for efficiency must be criticized for what they are : attempts to impose undesired consumption on individuals , for the political benefit of self - righteous policymakers and so - called public economists .
Image by Amayita via Flickr
In my recent encounter with sexism , one argument was often put forth by the males of Reddit .
It went something like this :
If it is discrimination to setup male - only poker tournaments , then it follows that it must be discrimination to setup female - only poker tournaments .
Therefore the guy did nothing wrong to use anti-discriminatory laws in order to take part .
And if you would root for a female taking part into a male - only tournament and winning , so we are justified in rooting for a the guy in this case .
This is actually an argument that makes sense , unlike the rest of the misogynistic strawmen , and thus deserves a more detailed counter .
The short answer is no , it ’s not discrimination when women do it .
You ’re not justified in rooting for a male crashing the women ’s tournament .
No , this is not a double standard .
Why ?
Because of privilege and existing domination .
You see , we do not live in a gender equal society and many many sports and hobbies are male - dominated without particular logical reason ( ie unlike some physical sports where the male physical build gives a distinct advantage ) but rather as a historical continuity .
This changes the environment and thus the ethical considerations we have , with which to decide if the label of discrimination can be assigned .
You see we cannot judge as if the environment was already equal and so act as if we ’re simply trying to maintain this equality .
The environment is not equal and men are the privileged party in this case .
How are they privileged ?
In this particular case by dominating all such events ( ex : poker tournaments ) .
Why is this privilege ?
Because of a few things .
First , a man playing in such an event , is not automatically assumed to represent the whole of his gender .
If he wins or loses , he ’s a good or bad player respectively , while women are treated as if they represent every other woman .
Second , they do n’t get to feel like an external no matter the event .
There will always be a majority of males which act and speak in manners comfortable to other males .
This by default makes it an uncomfortable environment for women , instantly putting them on their guard and accentuating their alienation .
Finally , and this follows partly from the previous point , there will be a natural hostility of males , who now have to conform more with mixed - gender social standards , and thus will feel bitter that they cannot be as relaxed as they were .
I believe it will manifest as a subconscious attempt to turn attending women off the sport .
So these are all effects that any woman entering a male - dominated hobby will face , something I ’ve seen personally from my RPG / Tabletop gaming groups to the IT sector where I work .
Even when there are people who wish to have more girls involved , their eagerness can inflame the problem rather than help ( think of the awkward sweaty gaming geek trying to be nice to a shy girl joining the group , while leering at her boobs half the time . )
So all of these constitute the privileged position of males in a sector and thus an inequality that will remain until sexism is abolished .
In this situation , someone who strives for equality , cannot simply act as if equality already exists .
This is simply living in a dreamland and giving your silent consent to sexism at best , or actually acting like an unwitting apologist to misogyny at worst .
Rather , someone who strives for equality roots for the weakest party until such time as equality has been achieved .
And this is the ethical aspect that determines that a women - only event in a male - dominated hobby is not discrimination .
You see women do not host such events in order to avoid losing to their “ natural superiors ” as sexists like to imply , they do it as a reaction to the fact that it ’s impossible to avoid the male privilege in all such events .
It ’s impossible to avoid the subconscious hostility , patronization or over - eagerness that exists in male - dominated events and thus a specific event needs to be organized for fans of the hobby in question in order to play in a more relaxed environment .
To call this setup discrimination is wilful ignorance which serves as an excuse for asshole - ish acts against it .
So to put it plainly , when there is a male - dominated hobby or job , any attempt to restrict entrance to females can rightly be called discrimination as the reasoning behind it is simply to maintain “ purity . ”
On the other hand , when in the same male - dominated hobby or job , an attempt by the few females that exist to organize a female - only event cannot by any strain of imagination be seen as an attempt to restrict males , since they already dominate .
Rather it is an event of solidarity which serves to avoid the very real effects of the male domination .
The same reasoning just as well applies to other marginal groups in different settings .
Blacks setting up black - only events in a society dominated by whites and crypto-racist sentiments is also an understandable reaction .
And not only that but when the roles have been reversed , when say you have a women - dominated hobby / job , in that case any attempt to restrict entrance to men can rightly be seen as discrimination against males .
In closing , things are not simply black and white on the issue of discrimination .
It is the whole of the environment around any such act which provides the ethical considerations we need to in order to decide on the issue .
Those ignoring them and simply looking at one such decision in isolation in order to jump on the high horse are simply using intellectual dishonesty in order to hide their sexism .
Related articles by Zemanta
Spread the love : Email
Reddit
More
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Tumblr
The .yu domain was established in 1989 for the Socialist Republic
Websites using the .yu domain extension will cease to be available online from 30 September .
The extension - assigned to the former Republic of Yugoslavia - has been replaced by .rs ( for Serbia ) and .me ( for Montenegro ) .
Icann - which oversees the assigning of top - level domain names - allowed extra time for sites to make the transition before removing the .yu extension .
It is thought up to 4,000 websites have still not migrated to a new domain .
However , the Serbian National Register of Internet Domain Names has requested a postponement of several months ;
The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers ( Icann ) is meeting to consider the request .
Icann removed the .yu extension from their list of approved country domain names in 2006 .
The former Republic of Yugoslavia was renamed Serbia and Montenegro in 2003 , although Montenegro subsequently broke from the union in 2006 .
Icann says the .rs and .me extensions are now the appropriate domain names as the Republic of Yugoslavia no longer exists .
Established in 1989 , the .yu domain was first assigned to the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia .
With the break - up of the Socialist Republic at the start of the Balkan wars , the .yu domain was held by newly independent Slovenia but was eventually passed on to the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia in 1994 .
Since then , it has been managed by the Yugoslav Domain Registry at the University of Belgrade .
Fishery scientists are having a glass - half - full moment .
A new global survey of commercial fish stocks concludes that many threatened ecosystems are on the mend , thanks to good stewardship .
And the other half of that glass ?
Sixty - three per cent of the fish populations they surveyed are still at unsustainable levels , with things looking grimmest in the developing world .
“ When you look region by region , you can document solutions and the problems become more manageable , ” says Boris Worm , a marine ecologist at Dalhousie University in Halifax , Nova Scotia , Canada , who led the study .
This is a considerably rosier picture than the one painted by Worm ’s group in a controversial 2006 study projecting a worldwide collapse of all existing fisheries by 2048 , based on current trends .
Advertisement
“ I was one of those who criticised the conclusion that all fish would be gone by 2048 because my personal experience has been very different , ” says Ray Hilborn , who as a researcher at the University of Washington in Seattle has studied well - managed fisheries in the Pacific Northwest and Alaska , such as Pacific salmon .
CSI : Fisheries
For the latest study , Hilborn teamed up with Worm and others to analyse various data from dozens of fisheries in numerous large ecosystems .
The 2006 survey relied principally on gross catch reports , which may have masked nuances in individual fisheries .
In particular , the researchers focused on measuring the total biomass of a species that caught each year .
They then related those figures to estimates of fishing levels that would sustain stocks in the long term .
“ This was a little bit like a crime - scene investigation for overfishing : where do we see evidence of overfishing and where do we see improvement , ” Worm says .
Out of 10 regions in North America , northern Europe and Oceania that his team looked at closely , five showed signs of improvement , with diminishing rates of exploitation in recent years .
For the most part , fish populations in Alaska and New Zealand never plummeted drastically because of good management from the start .
Fisheries in the Baltic Sea , North Sea and off the coast of the UK and Ireland , however , tend to face continued declines in stocks .
And New Zealand and California were the only places where Worm ’s team projected that fewer than 10 per cent of species would collapse .
‘ No single solution ’
“ The big thing to me is that a number of systems were at least heading in the right direction , ” Worm says .
More discriminate fishing gear targeted to large individuals of specific species , government - imposed catch limits , and the creation of marine reserves all helped rebuild stocks , they say .
“ In order to avoid collapse you need to do a number of things , there is not one solution that will get you there , ” Worm says .
His team examined limited data from Africa , however , the outlook for sustainable fishing appears bleak , with the exception of improvements in the practices of small - scale fisherman in Kenya .
For instance , restrictions in industrial countries are already pushing industrialised world fleets south .
Local hardship
“ Most counties in Africa are selling fishing rights to industrialised nations which catch large amounts of seafood , effectively out - competing local fisherman , ” says team member Tim McClanahan , of the Wildlife Conservation Society Marine Program in Mombasa , Kenya .
“ It ’s a real hardship for the local communities to have their fish taken by these big fleets , ” says Peter Kareiva , a marine biologist at the Nature Conservancy in Seattle , Washington , who was not involved in the survey .
Still , Kareiva sees the new report as a turning point for fisheries science .
“ Yes , there are certainly extensively overfished stocks and the oceans are in trouble , but there are some examples of decent management and reason for hope , ” he says .
“ This doom and gloom does n’t get us anywhere . ”
Journal reference : Science ( DOI : 10.1126/science.1173146 )
Subtracting Inflation to Sweeten the Deal
I usually get a nice laugh when I read anything by Paul Krugman , whom I regard as just an infamous Princeton academic leftist , a know - nothing neo -Keynesian econometric hack , and an economics columnist for the leftist newspaper NY Times whose writings are lapped up by an incompetent press even as he was incompetently lapping up everything that the disastrously incompetent Alan Greenspan ( erstwhile chairman of the Federal Reserve whose deliberately obtuse monetary incompetence has destroyed the dollar and the USA ) , was doing with monetary policy at the Same Exact Time ( SET ) that Krugman was all of these things , but who never said a discouraging word , and who is now completely surprised at the way things have turned out !
The reason I bring this up is that one of his latest articles was picked up by my little far - leftist hometown rag , the St. Petersburg Times , out here in the sticks , and it carried the title “ Deficits Saved the World . ”
Like I said , I usually get a laugh from what he thinks , but this time I did more than laugh .
In fact , Serious Mogambo Scholars ( SMS ) around the world recorded it as the date of the first appearance of the never - seen - before , I - did n’t - know - I - had - it - in - me verbal explosion now officially known as The Mogambo Guffaw ( TMG ) as it rocketed from my lips , flying out into the ether , echoing off the neighboring houses , making dogs bark , bark , bark as if to say , “ The Mogambo is right !
This is stupid !
Hahaha !
Bark bark bark ! ”
I was having such a good time that I guiltily thought maybe I was too hasty in denouncing the guy from the title alone , which I admit is n’t really fair and maybe , just maybe , he was , you know , joking , using a joke to relieve the tension , and maybe something like , “ The economist was sitting at a bar and heard a guy saying to the bartender , ‘ My cat has always had a defective butt , and all it does is eat , sleep and crap all over everything , sort of like the Federal Reserve doing nothing but eating the purchasing power of our money by creating too much of it , sleeping on the job as the new money creates bubbles and inflation , and now that the paid - for booms have turned into the inevitable busts , everything craps all over everything else .
Now everything in my house is ruined and everything in the economy is ruined !’
So the economist thinks to himself , ‘ I used to think I was an economist , but now I see I am just a defective cat ’s butt ! ’ ”
This is such a good joke that it made me want more , so I quickly scanned the article for the word “ cat ” and / or “ butt ” , or any serious discussion of possible remedies like “ This $ 9 trillion government budget - deficit over 10 years is so insane that we should rise as a nation in outrage , revolting against the established order , and installing The Fabulous Mogambo ( TFB ) as emperor or , even better , a living god to rule over us and get us back on a gold standard where the money supply does not rise , where the standard of living continually rises as inflation gently falls , and government is limited in the amount of taxes it can raise because there is a limited , fixed amount of money to go around , and that means that the only way for the government to get money is to directly take it from the people , instead of the government using an expanding money supply of fiat currency and irresponsible levels of fractional - reserve banking to insidiously confiscate the buying power of people ’s money with constant inflation . ”
But I was soon disabused of that notion , as right off the bat he writes that the $ 9 trillion of deficit spending ( which I note is only the budget deficit , and does not even include the non-deficit spending that is “ paid for ” in the budget , which is at least twice as big ! ) seems like “ a terrifying number ” to us bozos out here , but through the lens of his powerful genius he can easily see that “ The truth is more complicated and less frightening ” , by which he means that people like me are little crybaby sissies , screaming in anger and sheer outrage at the sheer fiscal incompetence that produced almost $ 12 trillion in national debt , even more trillions in business and private debts , and the staggering monetary insanity of the Federal Reserve in creating all the money and credit that made it all possible by enabling the borrowing that produced all the gigantic , towering , suffocating , crushing debts that are behind unbelievable booms in stocks , booms in bonds , booms in houses , booms in consumer spending , booms is derivatives , booms in size of government and booms in just stuff , stuff , stuff that are all now , terrifyingly , imploding .
Mogambo scholars noted that a variant known as the Scornful Mogambo Guffaw ( SMG ) first appeared when Mr. Krugman explained , “ Here ’s one way to look at it ” , which is that “ We ’re looking at a rise in the debt / GDP ratio of about 40 percentage points ” , which I was SURE was a joke because the implications of a massive 40 percent rise in debt / GDP are so profoundly dire , but was NOT a joke , as he unbelievably went on to say , “ The real interest on the additional debt ( you want to subtract off inflation ) will probably be around 1 percent of GDP , or 5 percent of federal revenue .
That does n’t sound like an overwhelming burden . ”
Hahahaha !
Pardon me for laughing with such contempt , as I would go to jail if I sold a debt that made such a deal !
You ’re allowed to subtract out inflation to make the deal sound better ?
Hahaha !
If inflation is running 25 percent , we would pay 26 percent interest , as it is still only 1 percent over the inflation rate ?
If inflation was 100 percent , somebody would loan money to the government at 101 percent ?
Wow !
Suddenly , with visions of oceans of dollar bills in my eyes and my brain shifting into overdrive at the possibilities afforded by instant wealth beyond measure , I clearly see a career change ahead !
Wow !
Let me at those old people !
There ’s money to be made scamming people with this kind of reasoning !
Hastily , I assemble my preliminary Mogambo Sales Pitch ( MSP ) , which is , “ Sign here , pops !
And sign here !
And here !
Initial this !
Now I will loan you some money where the interest rate you pay , after subtracting out inflation as per the great Paul Krugman , is only 1 percent !
You are getting money at an after - inflation rate of 1 percent , you stupid old man , which is very good deal for you , so if you do n’t want something to happen to someone you love , you ’ll sign here !
And here !
And here !
Initial this !
Hahaha ! ”
Well , a bunch of trusting old people who do n’t want something to happen to their cat or their car usually “ sign on the dotted line ” pretty quickly …
But real investors ?
Since when ?
What kind of a screwball halfwit investor would loan money to the US government , now grotesquely changed into a particularly corrupt kind of government that is best likened to a nest of greedy , diseased , thieving , lying rats , where an investor would get a measly 1 percent over inflation , no matter how high inflation went ?
Well , maybe they will , but I say they wo n’t , but they will eventually buy gold , silver and oil , even though currently they do n’t , which seems , to a discerning Junior Mogambo Ranger ( JMR ) , to be the perfect opportunity to buy them before their prices explode to the upside , just like history shows they always do when a government acts so bizarrely , which is why I say , “ Whee !
This investing stuff is easy ! ”
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
ORECA drivers Nicolas Lapierre and Olivier Panis claimed victory in the AUTOSPORT 1000 km at Silverstone on a day when Aston Martin Racing clinched the Le Mans Series title .
Lapierre and Panis won the race aboard the sole ORECA - AIM 01 by just over 50 seconds from the Speedy / Sebah Lola - Aston Martin B08/60 driven by Andrea Belicchi , Nicolas Prost and Marcel Fassler .
Third place was enough for AMR drivers Stefan Mucke , Jan Charouz and Tomas Enge to wrap up the LMP1 drivers ' crown .
The ORECA duo were in control for much of the race , but appeared to have lost victory at the final pitstop when the team was forced to change the car 's nose because a front louvre had broken .
That gave Fassler what looked like an unassailable lead until Speedy / Sebah was told by the race officials that it also needed to mend a broken louvre .
This reversed the positions , giving ORECA its first LMS victory since the Silverstone race in 2005 .
" We had a big gap ; the situation was under control , " said Lapierre .
" Then we had to change the louvre , but it was only right that Sebah had to do the same thing . "
The lead AMR Lola - Aston Martin had a conservative run to third place .
The team stressed that sealing the title was its priority at Silverstone .
" Our pace was n't perfect today , but that was n't the key to our success , " said Mucke .
" We again had a consistent and reliable car , and that 's what wins you championships . "
The second AMR Lola - Aston finished fourth in the hands of Darren Turner and Harold Primat .
Turner held second place until three laps from the end when he had to make a final , splash - and - dash , pitstop .
The fastest car in the AUTOSPORT 1000 km was the Pescarolo - Judd 01 in which Jean - Christophe Boullion vaulted from the back of the grid to the lead of the race over the course of the opening stint .
A transmission problem , which forced the team to change the gear cluster , resulted in a long delay and no points for a team that arrived with an outside chance of the championship .
The Speedy / Sebah team claimed an easy LMP2 class victory with its Judd- powered Lola B08/80 driven by Jonny Kane , Benjamin Leuenberger and Xavier Pompidou .
It ended up four laps ahead of the second - place RML Lola - Mazda , which notched up its first finish of the season in the hands of Tommy Erdos and Mike Newton .
The ASM Ginetta had looked faster , but was an early retirement .
Drivers Olivier Pla and Miguel Amaral were already champions in their class as the rival Racing Box crew decided not to enter the finale .
GT1 honours went to the Gigawave Aston Martin driven by Ryan Sharp and Peter Kox .
The car could not match the speed of the Larbre Saleen in the hands of Laurent Groppi early in the race , but the British team took control of the race once the Frenchman climbed out of the car .
The British JMW Motorsport Ferrari squad notched up another GT2 victory at Silverstone , but it was not enough to prevent the Felbermayr - Proton team and Richard Lietz and Marc Lieb from wrapping up the class title .
The two factory Porsche drivers drove most of the way with a misfire , but seventh place was enough to give them the title by one point .
Pos Drivers Cl Car Time / Gap 1 . Panis / Lapierre LMP1 ORECA -AIM 5h29m12.688s 2 . Belicchi / Fassler / Prost LMP1 Lola Aston Martin + 51.760s 3 . Charouz / Enge / Mucke LMP1 Lola Aston Martin + 1m01.730s 4 . Primat / Turner LMP1 Lola Aston Martin + 1m03.340s 5 . Albers / Bakkerud LMP1 Audi + 1 laps 6 . Karthikeyan / Meyrick / Zwolsman LMP1 Audi + 2 laps 7 . Ragues / Mailleux LMP1 ORECA Judd + 2 laps 8 . Kane / Leuenberger / Pompidou LMP2 Lola Judd + 5 laps 9 . Watts / Leventis LMP1 Ginetta Zytek + 6 laps 10 .
Erdos / Newton LMP2 Lola Mazda + 9 laps 11 . Nicolet / Hein LMP2 Pescarolo Mazda + 11 laps 12 . Buncombe / Hall / Ramos LMP1 Lola Aston Martin + 13 laps 13 .
Boullion / Tinseau LMP1 Pescarolo - Judd + 14 laps 14 .
Manning / Firth / Hughes LMP2 WF01 Zytek + 16 laps 15 .
Ojjeh / Gosselin / Peter LMP2 Zytek + 16 laps 16 .
Bruneau / Greaves / Sini LMP2 Radical AER + 16 laps 17 .
Cavailhes / Da Rocha / Ibanez LMP2 Courage AER + 20 laps 18 .
Schell / Thirion / Metz LMP2 Courage AER + 20 laps 19 .
Sharp / Kox GT1 Aston Martin + 20 laps 20 .
Salini / Salini / Gommendy LMP2 WR Zytek + 21 laps 21 .
Berville / Dumez / Groppi GT1 Saleen + 21 laps 22 . Clairay / Jousse / Goueslard GT1 Corvette + 22 laps 23 .
Bell / Bruni GT2 Ferrari + 23 laps 24 .
Coronel / Janis GT2 Spyker + 25 laps 25 .
Pilet / Narac GT2 Porsche + 25 laps 26 .
Garcia / Mansell / Melo GT2 Ferrari + 25 laps 27 .
Kaffer / Montanari GT2 Ferrari + 25 laps 28 .
Tomlinson / Mansell / Mansell LMP1 Ginetta - Zytek + 27 laps 29 .
Rosa / Montermini / Cadei GT2 Ferrari + 27 laps 30 . Lieb / Lietz / Felbermayr Sr GT2 Porsche + 30 laps 31 . Ried / Felbermayr Jr/Martins GT2 Porsche + 30 laps 32 . Palttala / Daniels / Rich GT2 Porsche + 31 laps 33 . Griffin / Bamford GT2 Ferrari + 31 laps 34 . Tenchini / Basso / Plati GT2 Ferrari + 33 laps 35 .
Hartshorne / Kutemann / Daoudi GT2 Ferrari + 35 laps
Not classified : Jorda / Cortes / Nieto LMP2 Lucchini Judd 135 laps Ehret / Farnbacher / Beltoise GT2 Ferrari 131 laps Lahaye / Ajlani LMP2 Pescarolo Mazda 138 laps Cocker / Drayson GT2 Aston Martin 122 laps Amaral / Pla LMP2 Ginetta Zytek 32 laps
I gave a talk on Ruby ’s Enumerators at the DC Ruby Users Group in August .
I ’ve posted my slides from the presentation , if you ’re interested .
Basically , I discovered that enumerators make lazy evaluation easy to implement in Ruby , and applying lazy techniques with enumerators may yield more efficient and elegant code .
I ’m defining lazy evaluation as the strategy of evaluating expressions only when needed , and only as much as needed .
Lazy evaluation is a hallmark of some functional programming languages , like Haskell , Clojure , and Erlang .
In those languages , laziness is often the default .
In others , it can be hard work setting it up , possibly by iterating over a collection and halting ( and resuming ) depending on when items from the collection are needed and how many are needed .
I thought of Ruby as one of the latter type of programming languages , until I saw enumerators .
Not to be confused with enumerables , classes that mix in the Enumerable module , enumerators allow you to access a collection of objects , or data .
Whereas an enumerable , like an array , iterates over its items internally , allowing you to pass to a method like #each or # collect a block that will be yielded each item in turn , an enumerator is like an external iterator .
It ’s much easier to delay iteration with an enumerator .
Enumerators are available as an extension to Ruby 1.8 , but in 1.9 they ’re part of the language .
My code samples below are in Ruby 1.9 .
I ’ll let you look at the slides for an introduction to coding with enumerators .
The new Pick Axe book ( a.k.a. Programming Ruby 1.9 ) from Pragmatic Programmers has a great overview of them .
An enumerator can be created with Enumerator . new &block .
The block has to have a single parameter , called yielder by convention , that will yield up a value when the enumerator iterates .
The body of the block determines what it yields .
Here ’s an example : this creates an enumerator that backs the natural numbers .
As in , all the natural numbers :
natural_numbers = Enumerator.new do |yielder| number = 1 loop do yielder .
yield number number += 1 end end
We can treat natural_numbers as an infinite sequence .
When an enumerator is asked for its next item , it executes until it reaches a yield .
Then it stops .
When the next request comes , it resumes where it stopped , going again until a yield .
The loop in the block above ensures that the enumerator will continue supplying numbers .
Now we have a concrete example of what ’s being lazily evaluated : the incrementing of the number variable .
The next natural number is waiting to be calculated .
Brian Candler posted a terse but promising message about chaining enumerable method calls to enumerators .
The Pick Axe picks this up and implements a lazy_select method for the Enumerator class .
A lazy version is necessary because simply calling select , or collect , on natural_numbers would produce an infinite loop : these methods expect to exhaust the underlying collection , so they ’ll keep taking numbers forever .
Here ’s the lazy_select .
Note how it follows Candler ’s pattern of iterating explicitly over the collection and filtering what is output by yielder .
yield :
class Enumerator def lazy_select ( &block ) Enumerator.new do | yielder| self.each do |val| yielder.yield ( val ) if block.call ( val ) end end end end
This lets us write code to use natural_numbers like this :
p natural_numbers .lazy_select { |n| n % 47 == 0} .lazy_select { |n| palindrome_number ?( n ) } . first ( 5 ) # => [ 141 , 282 , 1551 , 14241 , 15651 ]
Each lazy_select returns a new , filtered enumerator .
The final line requests 5 items from the final filtered enumerator , which is essentially the series of natural numbers divisible by 47 that are palindrome numbers .
This is n’t the only way to generate these numbers in Ruby , by any means , but look at how clean the code is to read .
There ’s no noise in that code–it ’s all intention .
Joy !
Why stop with a lazy select ?
def lazy_map ( &block ) Enumerator.new do |yielder| self.each do | value| yielder.yield ( block.call( value ) ) end end end p natural_numbers.lazy_map { |n| n*n}.take ( 10 ) # the first 10 squares # => [ 1 , 4 , 9 , 16 , 25 , 36 , 49 , 64 , 81 , 100 ]
These are just simple examples , using numbers because they make for concise execution and demonstration , but I can think of a lot of other uses for lazy , possibly infinite evaluation by enumerables .
Instead of incrementing an integer , the loop could read another file , or request another resource from a network service .
Filtering and mapping could just as easily be applied in these cases .
Ladies , never forget :
For every nice guy who holds an umbrella over your head as he walks you to your front door in the rain , there 's at least one seethingly violent ex-boyfriend just waiting to kick in your door .
Trust .
You better blanket your house in leftover blue - light " this is what the inside of a computer looks like " special effects from Hackers , or you will regret it .
Obviously , in order to sell blue - light special house alarms , you have to do a lot of intense fear - mongering .
But this particular intense fear - mongering scenario is just so relatable !
Who out there has n't had a violent ex-boyfriend emerge from the darkness and kick in their front door , only to immediately turn skittish and run away ?
Clearly , the vast majority of people .
Well , those people need to know that it could , and probably will , happen at any time .
That 's just what Exs do :
They put on flannel shirts and kick in front doors on date night , then immediately leave .
Thanks , Broadview Security .
Advertisements
Pat Buchanan defends Palin ’s media whine with a Freudian Slip and opens Pandora ’s Box .
Oopsie , Pat .
Pat Buchanan figured it was just another day on “ Hardball ” with Chris Matthews , defending the brilliance and relevance of the apple of his eye…oops , I mean , the apple of his party , Sarah Palin .
But this particular time
Pat opened his mouth , Freud reared his mind over tongue theory , and now the ball is a rollin’ .
Now , I do n’t watch Pat Buchanan because his screeching voice sets my nerves on edge and in this world of Republican craziness , a girl just ca n’t afford to give them an advantage like that .
So , it was with great dedication and service for my country that I pressed play on this particular clip .
Advertisements
Oh , I love Chris at times like this .
No one gets to the nitty gritty like Chris .
Remember when he went after the Republican who did n’t know WWII history during the campaign last fall ?
Just thinking about it makes me giddy .
So , I know this is gonna be worth the pain .
Here we go , Buckle up , it ’s gonna be a bumpy ride :
MATTHEWS : Pat , can you think of something that the media , the national media , has reported about her that ‘s not true ?
She talks about how our fighting forces overseas — and we ‘re all for them — how we have to do them the favor , basically , or the honor of not telling bad stories about her .
What has been said that ‘s not true by the media about Sarah Palin ?
What ‘s she talking about ?
BUCHANAN : Well , I do n‘t know .
When it started off — I do n‘t know where the source was — the allegation was floating all over the place , reported by the media , that Bristol ‘s child — rather , the child she was born with , with Down syndrome , was actually Bristol Palin‘s .
It was a horrible , ugly thing .
And I think that ‘s wounded her .
There ‘s no doubt her …
MATTHEWS : Well , who was reporting that in the media , “ The New York Times , ” “ The Washington Post , ” the networks ?
BUCHANAN : Well , I was hearing it — well , look …
MATTHEWS : I never heard anybody report that .
BUCHANAN : Mike Barnicle , quite frankly , was one of the fellows who was telling me about it when we were out there in Denver .
But Chris , she can answer that thing .
So…nothin ’ to see here .
Just another Republican lie .
Another fable gone bad when mean ole Chris Matthews asked for facts .
None of the media reported on the Trig scandal .
No one had brought it up until last night , Pat , when you so conveniently touted Bristol Palin ’s baby being born with Down ’s Syndrome as proof that the Poujadist Princess had been run outta Juneau , in spite of her best efforts to rule .
He must have meant to say Sarah Palin ’s baby , since his entire point was that the media was reporting that Trig was not her child , but rather Bristol ’s .
Ouch .
However , the only time
Pat heard about it was when some dude told him about it ( !!! ) in Denver .
Ok … See , that was n’t on the air , Pat .
None of US heard about it .
Until now .
Capiche ?
Not one to be shamed easily , Pat had no problem holding the line .
Tell me another bedtime fairytale , Uncle Pat .
I got a few I want to share with you , too , about some good people whose lives were threatened after an evil Snow Queen told her Kindgom that they were “ pallin ’ around with terrorists ” , but I digress .
Yes , complete with Freudian slip and all , Pat Buchanan outed his sweetie ’s lie about the MSM ( and perhaps some other really ugly lies , but really , I can only handle so much sober ) .
And now that he has , the rest of the MSM has free reign to follow up by reporting on the Wild Ride , the rumors regarding the fact that the hospital has no official announcement record of Trig ’s birth , the fact that she never put a stop to the rumors by supplying a birth certificate for Trig ( these questions were brought up by ADN readers and a journalist who was trying to help her by putting an end to the rumor ) and the fact that this was a rumor long before she was “ tapped ” ( love her word choices ) as VP candidate .
Rumors , I tell ya’ , rumors !
Where did I hear it ?
Uncle Pat .
And then the googles for clarification .
Thanks ,
Pat .
Frankly , I do n’t care whether or not she gave birth to Trig .
The personal lives of the Wasilla Hillbillies are just too complicated for this girl to digest .
I come from the Midwest — you know , real America ?
So this is all too much for me .
But after hearing her version of the Wild Ride , there are legitimate questions to pose a potential Presidential candidate , no ?
Questions about judgment .
Like , gee , you were pregnant with a special needs child , your water broke , and then you decided to fly all the way back to Alaska from Texas ( involving a plane change ) , and then bypass one ( or two ? ) hospitals on your drive home so that you could get to the hospital in Wasilla , where the doctor who treated you did not specialize in high risk pregnancies ?
Ok .
I ’d like to hear the reasoning behind that one .
Especially if you ’re suggesting you have your hand anywhere near the Red Button , because right now , it does not say “ calm , good under stress , considers all angles before making decision ” .
It says , “ erratic , emotional and does not take others ’ safety into account ” at the very least .
But then , I ’m pesky about things like decision - making processes of my elected officials .
Eight years of the Great Gutster will do that to a person .
Sigh .
Pat was none too concerned with any of this , though .
Even after his Freudian slip , “ that Bristol ‘s child — rather , the child she was born with , with Down syndrome , was actually Bristol Palin‘s , ” he valiantly carried on with his lover ’s task of blind adulation .
It ’s so sad when your fan club turns on you like this .
Bad Uncle Pat !!
Lest you think the crazy was contained to Fables of Evil Media , I ’ll leave you with Pat ’s strategy suggestions re Palin :
BUCHANAN : “ But right now , if you ‘re talking 2010 , yes , she ‘s on the right course .
You get yourself a good rally speech and you use it like Nixon did in 1966 .
MATTHEWS : Yes .
BUCHANAN : He was n‘t out there boring the country with one - hour press conferences on health care .
Oh , Pat .
Yes , those pesky one hour press conferences on stupid issues like American lives .
Pffft .
Who needs it !
We ’d rather buy a bumper sticker , Pat !
Sing us a jingle !
Drill , baby , drill !
Lie to me , Republicans .
I promise , I ’ll believe .
One of Britain ’s most internationally renowned photographers , Lord Snowdon began his career in 1951 as an apprentice and went on to become a photographer for the Sunday Times , Vogue and the Telegraph magazine among others .
He has photographed everything from fashion models to urban life , but is probably best known for his portraits of celebrities and royalty .
' This rocking horse belonged to my great grandfather and I decided to put it out in the garden and photograph my [ one - year - old ] grandson Rex on it .
He 's such a good age to photograph and I just thought it was rather a nice background .
I only took one or two practice shots .
I 've used Polaroid forever , since it first started , we all did , and I do n’t know what one would have done without it and its immediacy .
I think it 's very sad that this could be the end of Polaroid , I do n't know what we 're going to do without it .
I keep all my Polaroids in a book now , it 's great fun to look back .
' Photograph : © Lord Snowdon
A man comes into the ER and yells , " My wife 's going to have her baby in the cab ! "
I grabbed my stuff , rushed out to the cab , lifted the lady 's dress , and began to take off her underwear .
Suddenly I noticed that there were several cabs , and I was in the wrong one .
Dr. Mark MacDonald , San Antonio , TX
* * * * * * * * * * * * *
At the beginning of my shift , I placed a stethoscope on an elderly and slightly deaf female patient 's anterior chest wall .
" Big breaths , " I instructed .
" Yes , they used to be , " remorsefully replied the patient .
Dr. Richard Byrnes , Seattle , WA
* * * * * * * * * * * *
One day I had to be the bearer of bad news when I told a wife that her husband had died of a massive myocardial infarct .
Not more than five minutes later , I heard her reporting to the rest of the family that he had died of a " massive internal fart . "
Dr. Susan Steinberg , Manitoba , Canada
* * * * * * * * * *
I was performing a complete physical , including the visual acuity test .
I placed the patient twenty feet from the chart and began , " Cover your right eye with your hand . "
He read the 20/20 line perfectly .
" Now your left . "
Again , a flawless read .
" Now both , " I requested .
There was silence .
He could n't even read the large E on the top line .
I turned and discovered that he had done exactly what I had asked ; he was standing there with both his eyes covered .
I was laughing too hard to finish the exam .
Dr. Matthew Theodropolous , Worcester , MA
* * * * * * * * * * * * *
While acquainting myself with a new elderly patient , I asked , " How long have you been bedridden ? "
After a look of complete confusion she answered , " Why , not for about twenty years -- when my husband was alive . "
Dr. Steven Swanson , Corvallis , OR
* * * * * * * * * * *
I was caring for a woman from Kentucky and asked , " So , how 's your breakfast this morning ? "
" It 's very good , except for the Kentucky Jelly .
I can't seem to get used to the taste , " the patient replied .
I then asked to see the jelly and the woman produced a foil packet labeled " KY Jelly . "
Dr. Leonard Kransdorf , Detroit , MI
* * * * * * * * * * * * *
And Finally . . . . .
A new , young MD doing his residency in OB was quite embarrassed performing female pelvic exams .
To cover his embarrassment he had unconsciously formed a habit of whistling softly .
The middle - aged lady upon whom he was performing this exam suddenly burst out laughing and further embarrassed him .
He looked up from his work and sheepishly said , " I 'm sorry .
Was I tickling you ? "
She replied , " No doctor , but the song you were whistling was ' I wish I was an Oscar Meyer Wiener ' . "
There are some people who do not believe that the Linux desktop will ever be a major force in the global IT market .
Mark Shuttleworth is n't one of them .
Speaking at the LinuxCon conference late Wednesday , the Canonical founder pitched his approach for expanding Linux to provide a better user experience and broadening its appeal .
The approach involves having a degree of cadence and coordination between projects and distributions , as well as improving quality and design .
Having strong leadership at the top does n't hurt either .
" We definitely should n't give up the desktop , " Shuttleworth said .
" This is one of the most exciting years for the desktop in living memory . "
Shuttleworth added that the Intel - led Moblin effort and Google 's mobile Linux initiatives with Android and ChromeOS have generated considerable interest in Linux .
Canonical - backed Ubuntu , for its part , has a Moblin - based netbook remix .
While the interest is there , Shuttleworth noted that some key areas need to be improved about the way Linux is developed and presented to users .
From a user - experience perspective , for instance , he said that Linux 's design has been lacking .
To that end , Shuttleworth noted that Ubuntu has its own user - experience team that conducts testing with regular people to see how they use software .
But Shuttleworth would like to see the user - experience effort extend beyond Ubuntu .
During his keynote , he extended an invitation to any open source application to submit their software for testing by user - experience experts .
The sessions would be recorded for posterity , and the developer would not be able to interact with the user .
" If the developer is in the room , they have to say nothing .
It 's the shut the f--- up protocol , " Shuttleworth said .
" You sit and watch someone struggle with the software that you 've so lovingly produced . "
Shuttleworth noted that there traditionally has been some tension in software development between user interface ( UI ) people and developers , which is a big problem .
" If we can't figure out how to bring these two communities together in a powerful way , I do n't think we 'll achieve the dream , " Shuttleworth said .
" If we ca n't make design cool in free software we wo n't take first prize . "
Cadence and quality
Another issue facing Linux distributions is the absence of any large - scale coordination between many of the underlying open source applications when it comes to releases .
In Shuttleworth 's view , distributions do not actually compete with each other based on which version of an application they are shipping .
" Every time we create friction and differences between distros on that basis , we 're just making life harder for users and making it harder for upstreams , " he said .
The problem for upstream projects has to do with maintenance for multiple versions .
If different distributions are using different versions of a particular project , it compounds the number of versions that an upstream project could need to fix and maintain .
Shuttleworth 's suggestion is to build some kind of consensus among projects around major versions that come out at regular , predictable intervals .
" This does n't lead to a world where there is no innovation and there is no differentiation , " he said .
" It just leads to a world where at a developer level you can actually have more effective collaboration . "
Ubuntu 's collaboration with the Debian Linux distribution is also something that Shuttleworth is keen on continuing to improve .
Ubuntu is based in part on code derived from Debian .
Shuttleworth noted that most of the core developers in Ubuntu started out as Debian developers .
While Ubuntu 's relationship with Debian has not always been perfect , Shuttleworth said that it 's better to focus on what can be done to move Linux forward .
In his view , the tone of the conversations is up to the leadership of each project .
" Ubuntu is a delightful dictatorship .
I can say that because I 'm the dictator and I quite like it , " Shuttleworth said .
" We try to give air time to make things better . "
America ’s youth shall never be subjected to religious bias in education .
If there is one penny of government funds involved , there must not be one iota of religious bias or propaganda .
Not the kind of people you want sitting in on your rape trial .
“ No means yes ” :
It ’s not just for Yale frat guys , celebrity defense attorneys , and the citizens of opposite land .
Nope , that line of reasoning is also a pretty common one among old , privileged ladies , and other groups you may expect to find sitting on the jury of your rape trial !
Last month , Dan Kahan of Yale University Law School released a study examining the cultural factors at play in popular reactions to rape cases .
Kahan ’s research question was straightforward :
If a person voices “ repeated verbal objections ” to a sex act , is it rape ?
In other words , who among us thinks that “ no ” really means “ no , ” and who thinks that “ no ” is just a handy excuse for loose women ?
As it turns out , knowing that “ no ” means “ no ” has little to do with your gender , and a lot to do with what you think about gender .
People Who Think “ No ” Means “ No ” : Men and women with an “ egalitarian ” worldview which “ judges the character of men and women by a largely unitary measure , and treats female sexuality as a legitimate expression of individual autonomy . ”
Makes sense , right ?
Not to some :
People Who Think “ No ” Means “ Maybe ” :
As it turns out , people who ca n’t tell the difference between “ yes ” and “ no ” are nevertheless very invested in maintaining differences between “ men ” and “ women . ”
The people most likely to believe that a rape victim actually consented , even though she said “ no ” ?
Those with a “ conservative , traditional , and hierarchical ” worldview , marked by “ highly differentiated and stratified gender roles . ”
Among this group , older women were the most likely to pooh - pooh “ no means no ” : “ Overall , women were no more or less likely to favor conviction than were men .
However , women who subscribed to the hierarchical cultural style — particularly older women who did — were more inclined to form a pro-defendant view of the facts . ”
And Sady of the the brand - spankin’ Tiger Beatdown and I think that requires a Sexist Beatdown .
BUT FIRST , some background : Kahan based his study on the Ironically Fucked - Up Rape Case of the Century , Commonwealth v. Berkowitz .
The case surrounded a college sophomore girl and a college sophomore boy who got to know each other — - platonically — - through a “ sexual - assault awareness lecture ” entitled , I ’m not fucking kidding , “ Does ‘ No ’ Sometimes Mean ‘ Yes ’ ? ”
Only weeks later , the content of that lecture would be tested when the girl entered the boy ’s dorm room , and they got to talking :
Before the victim could leave appellant ’s room , however , appellant asked her to stay and “ hang out for a while . ”
She complied because she “ had time to kill ” and because she did n’t really know appellant and wanted to give him “ a fair chance . ”
Appellant asked her to give him a back rub but she declined , explaining that she did not “ trust ” him .
Ap - pellant then asked her to have a seat on his bed .
Instead , she found a seat on the floor , and conversed .
. . .
During this conversation she had explained she was having problems with her boyfriend . .
[ After a few minutes , the defendant ] moved off the bed and down on the floor , and “ kind of pushed [ the victim ] back with his body .
It was n’t a shove , it was just kind of a leaning - type of thing . ”
Next appellant “ straddled ” and started kissing the victim .
The victim responded by saying , “ Look , I gotta go .
I ’m going to meet [ my boyfriend ] . ”
Then ap - pellant lifted up her shirt and bra and began fondling her .
The victim then said “ no . ”
After roughly thirty seconds of kissing and fondling , appellant “ un - did his pants and he kind of moved his body up a little bit . ”
The victim was still saying “ no ” but “ really could n’t move because [ appellant ] was shifting at [ her ] body so he was over [ her ] . ”
Appellant then tried to put his penis in her mouth .
The victim did not physically resist , but rather continued to verbally protest , saying “ No , I gotta go , let me go , ” in a “ scolding ” manner .
Ten or fifteen more seconds passed before the two rose to their feet .
Appellant disregarded the victim ’s continual complaints that she “ had to go , ” and instead walked two feet away to the door and locked it so that no one from the outside could enter .
. . .
The victim testified that she realized at the time that the lock was not of a type that could lock people inside the room .
Then , in the victim ’s words , “ [ appellant ] put me down on the bed .
It was kind of like — he did n’t throw me on the bed .
It ’s hard to explain .
It was kind of like a push but no .
. . . ”
She did not bounce off the bed .
“ It was n’t slow like a romantic kind of thing , but it was n’t a fast shove either .
It was kind of in the middle . ”
Once the victim was on the bed , appellant began “ straddling ” her again while he undid the knot in her sweatpants .
He then removed her sweatpants and underwear from one of her legs .
The victim did not physically resist in any way while on the bed because appellant was on top of her , and she “ could n’t like go anywhere . ”
She did not scream out at anytime because , “ [ i] t was like a dream was happening or some - thing . ”
Appellant then used one of his hands to “ guide ” his penis into her vagina .
At that point , after appellant was inside her , the victim began saying “ no , no to him softly in a moaning kind of way … because it was just so scary . ”
After about thirty seconds , appellant pulled out his penis and ejaculated onto the victim ’s stomach .
Immediately thereafter , appellant got off the victim and said , “ Wow , I guess we just got carried away . ”
To this the victim retorted , “ No , we did n’t get carried away , you got carried away . ”
The victim then quickly dressed , grabbed her school books and raced downstairs to her boy - friend who was by then waiting for her in the lounge .
Once there , the victim began crying .
Her boyfriend and she went up to his dorm room where , after watching the victim clean off appellant ’s semen from her stomach , he called the police .
The defendant testified in his own behalf .
He admitted that he initiate [ d ] the first physical contact , but added that the victim warmly responded to his advances by passionately returning his kisses .
He conceded that she was continually “ whispering … no ’s , ” but claimed that she did so while “ amorously . . . passionately ” moaning .
In effect , he took such protests to be thinly veiled acts of encouragement .
Kahan ’s study presented an almost identical account to study participants , and asked them to judge whether the incident constituted rape or not .
58 percent of people surveyed said they would have found the boy “ guilty of rape . ” 42 percent would not have found him guilty .
AMANDA : Hey , would you like to chat now ?
Remember :
In this chat , “ no ” means “ maybe . ”
SADY : as it should !
i , personally , like to SAY “ no ” so that my chat partner will not believe i am enthusiastic about the chat that i totally actually want to be chatting .
AMANDA : I generally restrict using “ no ” and variations on it , such as “ stop , ” with undergraduate rapists whom I have never met before , in order to ensure that the Pennsylvania Supreme Court nows that I truly maybe wanted it .
SADY : right ?
so , this case .
around which this study is based .
is actually like some terrifying cartoon of sexist assumptions .
girl goes into dude ’s room .
girl has been friendly with dude .
dude proceeds to initiate sex , to which girl says no .
sex continues on apace .
which is rape , right ?
but instead there are all these discussions of whether she tried to unlock the door or whether he shoved her onto the bed HARD enough to constitute “ force ” ( did she bounce ? ) and the “ no , ” although admitted to by both parties , actually DOES NOT COUNT AT ALL .
AMANDA : Did she bounce .
That ’s the really , really weird thing about this case :
All the assumptions about what makes a “ real ” rape are totally fucking insane !
and the one sane assumption — - that if she says no , it means she does n’t want to have sex — - is discredited
SADY : right .
and at one point , they mention that it was determined that the “ no ” meant lack of CONSENT , but did not thereby qualify the act as RAPE , since rape requires force and also that you not be married to your rape victim .
so the question is , then : why is n’t “ no ” enough ?
why is “ no means no ” a problem , and for whom ?
and the answer is … um , older ladies , apparently .
AMANDA : yeah : the answer is older , privileged ladies that i imagine to be stroking gigantic white cats while informing rape victims that they actually wanted it . . . in order to hold on to their social privilege , and the diamond - encrusted tiaras that go along with it , or whatever .
these older ladies are really interesting to me , and i was trying to figure out what exactly about their cultural circumstances made them want to decide this case this way ?
SADY : right .
like , one SAYS no to the gentleman , dear , that he might not think you a harlot .
whilst you have the sex that you said “ no ” to because you wanted it .
oh , and also , if you say no AND MEAN IT there ’s no way for the dude to know that !
because you SHOULD be saying no ALL THE TIME !
AMANDA : And also , implied , I think , is that if any women actually say NO and mean NO , then the women who say NO and mean YES will be considered sluttier than the rape victims .
WHICH IS FUCKED UP .
SADY : UH HUH .
and , like , if you want to play an incredibly hot erotic sexy game of saying “ no ” to sex every time you want sex , whatever .
for me that is like playing a game of Let ’s See How Close I Can Stick My Face To This Chainsaw every weekend .
but what are the odds that a woman who says no and means yes is going to then up and take her case to a rape court ? for funsies ?
like , that is pretty time - consuming and awful , actually !
i doubt anyone is THAT invested in maintaining her reputation as a non -sex - liker !
so why should it affect the construction of the law ?
AT ALL ?
AMANDA : beats me .
the really scary thing is the assumption that because these jurors will decide based on their cultural attitudes and NOT the law , it does n’t matter WHAT the law says rape is
SADY : right , which is what the study seems to confirm .
AMANDA : however , in this particular case , the jury did decide to convict the dude of rape , and then the penn .
supreme court decided 7 - 0 to reverse it … based on the law .
or … based on their weird cultural assumptions ?
perhaps there were some hidden Privileged Older Ladies on the bench ?
SADY : it really strikes me that the basic assumption here ( in people who assume that “ no means no ” is a bad thing ) is that dudes go around accidentally raping ladies ALL THE TIME and should n’t be punished for it .
AMANDA : yeah .
oops !
SADY : like , the idea is that dudes can’t interpret the word “ no ” correctly , because they are less smart than your dog , and therefore should they accidentally rape someone who is saying “ no ” a lot you have to give them the benefit of the doubt .
like , better luck next time , timmy !
AMANDA : even though , chillingly , the accused and the victim got to know each other in a sexual assault awareness lecture titled “ Does ‘ No ’ Sometimes Mean ‘ Yes ’ ? ” you really have to wonder how the lecture resolved that question
SADY : Oh , GOD .
“ in conclusion , no means no except when that is inconvenient for you personally !
hope this helps ! ”
AMANDA : like , if the lecture concluded , “ No , No Does n’t Sometimes Mean Yes , ” the attendees could have said , well yes , but what if No actually means Yes in your conclusion that No Does n’t Mean Yes ?
SADY : ah , the timeless “ but I WANT ice cream ” logical maneuver .
AMANDA : it ’s terrible , because “ no means yes ” has always struck me as some sick dirty joke that people tell , but now i see that it has affected the actual reasoning of juries .
the main point to take away from this is that jurors need to stop taking their jury duty vacation as an oppportunity to punish women that they think are sluts .
if i were a lawyer , i would start asking that question in jury selection .
SADY : ray of light here , though ?
younger , more sexually active folks of both genders were more likely to grasp the meaning and validity of “ no . ” like , apparently if you get that women CAN consent to sex , you ’re more likely to not have sex with them until they DO !
AMANDA : yeah .
totally .
SADY : which , you know .
the slut - punishing vigilante squad aside , makes me feel hope for this new generation , and their ability to understand words you learned when you were two years old .
AMANDA : this study was extremely depressing .
i at least thought that the “ she wanted it ” defense would at least concede that admitting that she actually said “ no ” would be bad for their case .
you ’d assume the rapist would n’t admit that !
but when he does , the Old Privileged Ladies seems almost more likely to believe him
SADY : well , you know .
he ’s a poor young man !
led astray by that permissive harlot !
and so on , and so forth .
AMANDA : no bouncing , so what can you do
SADY : right .
NOT ENOUGH PREMARITAL FORCE -BOUNCING , that ’s what was wrong with this case .
so , here ’s my advice to the world : however you feel about “ no , ” can we hope , maybe , that you are MORE excited to get a “ yes ? ”
Because that , I think , is what you should be aiming for .
“ Yes , I would like to have sex with you . ”
That , I would assume , is a statement that we can all agree is a positive .
AMANDA : . . .
Maybe !
Photo by flickr user freeparking under Creative Commons
Hida Viloria is a writer who holds a degree in Gender and Sexuality from U.C. Berkeley .
She is also an activist for intersex people -- ( formerly known as hermaphrodites )
Her memoir " Mighty Hermaphrodite " will be published next spring .
SAN FRANCISCO , California ( CNN ) --
A lot of people have been outraged by the gender verification testing that South African athlete Caster Semenya has been put through , and have been trying to be supportive of her ; but in doing so , they often further prejudice against the very thing which she appears to be : intersex .
Hida Viloria says she looks forward to a day when intersex conditions like hers are widely accepted .
Intersex people ( formerly known as hermaphrodites ) are those born with bodies that are difficult to classify as either " male " or " female . "
Since results of Semenya 's tests were apparently leaked , it seems that her body does n't conform to the definition of " female " as one who has ovaries .
I 'm intersex because , while I have ovaries , menstruate and can get pregnant , my genitalia is somewhat male - looking ( simply put , I have a clitoris that 's much larger than average . )
Throughout my childhood , I never thought I was anything other than " female " because that 's what I was labeled and raised as .
While I felt more aggressive than other girls , I did n't think that anything other than male and female could exist .
So I just thought of myself as a " different kind of woman . "
Ultimately , my assessment was pretty accurate .
Vital Signs Each month CNN's Dr. Sanjay Gupta brings viewers health stories from around the world .
See more from the show »
I was raised in a strict Catholic home , where nudity and sex talk was unheard of , so having no one to compare my genitals to , I was unaware that mine were different .
I 'm very lucky to have escaped the " corrective " surgeries and / or hormone treatments that are the norm for intersex infants , because my father went to medical school before these practices began ( in the mid-late ' 50's ) , and knew that you should n't operate on a baby unless it 's absolutely necessary .
Later , when he wanted to give me estrogen pills at puberty to ensure that my body " feminized " ( he told me that the pills were to make me grow taller ) , my mother objected , saying it was experimental and that I did n't need it .
Thankfully , she won out .
Thus , no one ever told me there was anything wrong with my body ( that did n't happen until a gynecological visit when I was twenty ) , and I grew up loving it just the way it is .
I still do .
While many doctors would refer to my clitoris as " grossly enlarged , " I have to tell you , having an overabundance of the only organ in the human body whose sole purpose is pleasure is far from a negative thing !
I came of age sexually with my second boyfriend in high school .
I broke up with him because I knew that I preferred girls , but I could n't act on it yet .
Once I did , in college , it confirmed that girls were what I 'd always longed for , and it was then that I realized how much my body differed from theirs . '
Still , I had no name for my difference .
At the age of twenty - six , I finally discovered I was " intersex " from a newspaper article .
Fortunately , it was not about me specifically but about intersex in general , and I 'm glad that I , unlike Semenya , had time to process the information and come out about it when I was ready to .
I still had other issues I was dealing with -- namely : racism and homophobia -- so it took a year for me to embrace this additional minority status .
Once I did , it was a positive turning point .
I 'd always felt strongly masculine and feminine , and now it made sense why these two presumably " opposite " traits existed , in me , side by side .
I did n't think being intersex was a bad thing to be .
I 'd already learned that people can be prejudiced against things they 're unfamiliar with , or are taught to dislike , and that we should n't take on their bigotry .
On April 19 , 2002 , I appeared on the television news program " 20/20 " with a prominent urologist and " expert " on intersex conditions .
When asked why he supported " corrective surgeries " he answered , " Society can't accept people of different colors , and now we 're supposed to accept somebody with genitalia that do n't match what their gender is ?
I do not believe this society is ready for it . "
Intersex folks are not some new invention that people need to be " ready for : " we exist and always have .
Resistance to accepting us has created the mess that Semenya now finds herself in .
If medicine had been more upfront about intersex conditions rather than pretending they 're just male and female as usual , they could have avoided ruining the career of some athletes .
Whichever condition Caster Semenya has , she should n't be made to suffer for others ' mistakes .
Since infancy , she 's been legally labeled , raised , and accepted as female .
To be told that she can't compete as one now would be like being a U.S. citizen all your life , but being suddenly denied a passport because somebody decided that the city you were born in is actually , sorry , on the wrong side of the border .
For thirteen years I 've been outing myself as intersex just to let folks know we exist , and I 'm happy to say I 've seen progress .
I look forward to one day telling my god - daughter about how it used to be for us , and to hearing her say , " Wow , I can't believe some people had problems accepting intersex .
Humans can be so weird . "
The World From Berlin Americans Want ' Freedom to Pay Too Much for Inferior Health Care '
US President Barack Obama has lost his messianic status in the row over health care reform , say German media commentators .
The debate reveals the downside of America 's ideological aversion towards government : Americans are ready to put up with an inferior health service in the name of freedom , it seems .
This page is an archive of the 2012 IBM Master the Mainframe Contest .
For information and links on current contests , please visit our worldwide IBM Mainframe Contests page .
In the fall semester of 2012 , IBM is ran its eighth annual Master the Mainframe Contest for college and university students across the U.S. and Canada ( excluding Quebec ) .
High school students are also encouraged to compete !
With all IBM mainframe contests , no experience with mainframe computing is necessary .
In fact , the contests are designed for students with little or no mainframe experience .
Students just need to bring enthusiasm and a competitive spirit .
Why compete in a Mainframe Contest ?
Prizes !
The prizes up for grabs in the 2012 Master the Mainframe Contest include :
Experience !
Today 's mainframes are growing in popularity and require a new generation of mainframe experts .
This contest is designed to equip students with basic skills to make them more competitive for jobs in the enterprise computing industry .
Participation in the Master the Mainframe Contest could give you the edge you need .
To help employers connect with the best mainframe students , contestants are encouraged to check out the jobs posted on the new System z job board at Systemzjobs.com .
Fame !
You can see information on previous years ' winners at the 2012 Master the Mainframe Wall of Fame .
You can also read some nice press on previous winners in these articles :
Who can compete ?
To compete , students must have an educator at their institution enrolled in the IBM Academic Initiative .
Students , ask your educator to follow the instructions on the Educators tab ; enrollment takes only about 10 minutes .
By enrolling , your educator will gain access to IBM products and resources at no charge .
What is a mainframe , anyway ?
On 28 August 2012 , IBM introduced its most powerful , scalable and energy - efficient mainframe server ever , the IBM zEnterprise EC12 , the result of over one billion dollars of research and development .
This machine sports the world 's fastest microprocessor , running at 5.5 Ghz .
It is also the only commercial server to achieve Common Criteria Evaluation Assurance Level 5 + security classification .
Cool ?
Cool .
To find out a little bit more about what makes a mainframe system unique , check out these resources :
Clear those shelves !
Make way for the Motorola CLIQ !
T- Mobile just dropped the price of the T - Mobile G1 to only $ 129.99 on its website :
While I ’m still deathly in love with the G1 , T - Mobile does n’t seem to have too much interest in promoting it or this new offer .
To find the G1 on the T - Mobile website you ’ve actually got to do some searching around .
The MyTouch 3G is the featured phone and even mousing over “ shop ” reveals 5 “ featured phones ” …
NONE of which are the G1 :
And just to throw in an added touch of bizarre , you ’ll notice the Samsung Comeback ( highlihgted in “ Shop ” ) costs $ 129.99 – the same as the G1 !!!
And the Samsung Highlight is $ 20 MORE at $ 149.99 .
Absolutely ridiculous .
If any uninformed customer is purchasing the Comeback over the G1 I feel very sorry for them .
Of course you ’ve got to factor in the cost of data plans and all that but seriously … the same price ?
They must be clearing the shelves … either for the Motorola CLIQ , perhaps something else , or both – I ca n’t wait to find out .
[ Thanks Eddie ! ]
READER COMMENTS ON
" Edmonds Issues Formal Response to Schakowsky 's Denial of Lesbian Affair with Turkish Operative "
( 174 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... DGPNorth said on 9/24/2009 @ 7:21 pm PT ...
Radio interview link with agent Cole is a 404 [ Ed Note : Thanks DGP .
Have now gotten the correct link for the audio file , and have corrected it in the letter above .
- BF ]
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 9/24/2009 @ 7:52 pm PT ...
Thanks DGP .
That 's the link she had in her original version of the letter .
I 'll check what it was supposed to link to , and try to get it fixed shortly for ya !
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... PissedOffAmerican said on 9/24/2009 @ 8:00 pm PT ...
Wow .
Sibel knocked one out of the ballpark with that letter .
How in God 's name can Schakowsky respond to that ????
Brad ....
Its posted at TWN with a link back to you .
If Sibel can keep this kind of sharp rebuttal going , it is going to become impossible to keep it out of the mainstream .
If one of the links is a 404 , it needs to be fixed post haste .
People will be combing this letter for holes , and a 404 or two will give them breathing room .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... arthurdecco said on 9/24/2009 @ 8:05 pm PT ...
I wish I could be more imaginative but brutal times demand guttural responses : YOUZ iz da BEst !
& who else is singing this song but you ?
I 'm waiting for the four part harmony - when 's that gonna happen ?
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... camusrebel said on 9/24/2009 @ 8:27 pm PT ...
Sibel 's response almost defies adjectives , but I will try :
Majestic , Unheralded , Calm steely resolve in the face of asinine playground frightened defensive empty attack .
Masterful retort to feeble flailing desperate attempt to deflect , even as the " representative " was not accused of any crime .
Telling .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... jbnhm said on 9/24/2009 @ 9:21 pm PT ...
I 'll wager that if Schakowsky even considers an investigation the NSA will have a lot of phone calls to record in Washington over the next week or so .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Stop Turkey said on 9/25/2009 @ 3:40 am PT ...
Has there been any mainstream coverage of this story yet , even superficially ?
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 9/25/2009 @ 4:54 am PT ...
Sibel is a rock .
I am absolutely floored at her dedication to truth .
How many would go this far ?
I 've got a family with young kids , I 'm sure I would have packed it in long ago .
American Hero .
Somebody give her a big red ' S ' and a cape .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Edward Rynearson said on 9/25/2009 @ 8:53 am PT ...
August 19 , 2009 – Peter B Collins Radio Podcast Philip Giraldi , former CIA and DIA officer , on US / Israel relations , AIPAC , wiretapping and Rep. Jane Harman .
This is the third installment of Boiling Frogs interviews co-hosted with Sibel Edmonds , and is quite explosive .
Giraldi , a self - described conservative who was critical of the Bush administration on many issues , is equally critical of Obama and Democrats who are influenced by AIPAC .
Giraldi gives background and details on the interception of Rep. Harman ’s phone conversation with an Israeli : she agreed to intervene on behalf of two Israelis caught spying on the US , and in return hoped they would help her win the chairmanship of the House Intelligence Committee .
Radio Du Jour ( non-commercial truth radio blog ) Giraldi is a member of the American Conservative Defense Alliance , and contributing editor at The American Conservative magazine .
He has a regular column , Smoke & Mirrors , on Antiwar.com .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Johhny Brutal said on 9/25/2009 @ 10:17 am PT ...
come on Congresswoman if you are telling the truth the polygraph test will not hard a bit but if you are not telling the truth that is another matter maybe just resign and be a lobbist for Turkey you would make more money then what you are stealing for us taxpayers
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Valley Girl said on 9/25/2009 @ 12:12 pm PT ...
Hi Brad and all , Apologies if this question has discussed before .
And , Brad you know me , and know that this is an honest question on my part , albeit perhaps influenced by reading too much John LeCarre .
But here 's thought / question re : the Schakowsky part Edmonds testimony and the Schwkowsky response - might it be possible that both Edmonds and Schakowsky are telling the absolute truth ?
Edmonds is correctly reporting the content of tapes she was asked to translate AND Schakowsky is correct in denying that what was on the tapes is incorrect ?
It you think about it , it does n't have to be either / or .
Mind you , I am asking this ONLY in the specific context of the Edmonds / Schakowsky issue .
On the one hand ( easiest to quote from BB ) ~ ~details of what she heard while reviewing and translating wiretaps of Turkish agents who were targets of a long - running FBI investigation centered out of Chicago , but extending far beyond ~ ~
But
~~~Edmonds was fired by the FBI in 2002 , after she began reporting to her superiors on a colleague in the translation department who was , herself , a member of one of the Turkish organizations being targeted by the FBI 's counterintelligence investigation ~ ~ ~
Okay , I hope I can explain this correctly - the way I read this , a superior to Edmonds was a member of one of the targeted organizations , thus someone with dual allegiance or just a mole in the FBI .
What is important is part is how long that superior had been at the FBI , and the extent of their knowledge about the FBI investigation , and THUS , the ability to shape the info that Turkish agents conveyed ?
Supposing these Turkish agents had a head 's up that they were being wire tapped ?
And thus , could throw a spanner in the works by discussing on some occasions true " info " and but on select other occasions throwing out a total fabrication to be taped ?
Bluff , double bluff , or something like that ?
The intent being to totally confuse the issue ?
Brad , you know me , and I hope you know I am not being a crank here .
It just occurs to me that in matters of espionage there may extra levels of misdirection .
xo VG
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Jim cirile said on 9/25/2009 @ 1:44 pm PT ...
With all due respect to Ms. Edmonds , what we have here is a massively blown opportunity .
Here 's what she / we SHOULD have done with this : she should have used this information to arm - twist Schakowsky into using her influential position to spearhead a congressional investigation --- on promise of full immunity and zero disclosure ABOUT HER .
This is the way it 's done .
You cut deals .
Someone should have said to her , you pursue this , or the information goes out wide and the shitstorm will hit .
There may still be a chance to salvage this .
But otherwise jeez .
Golden opportunity , blown .
This info will all disappear shortly down the rabbit hole .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Cosimo diRondo said on 9/25/2009 @ 1:59 pm PT ...
Um ...is n't that , like , blackmail ?
I think I just got high from the irony .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 9/25/2009 @ 2:37 pm PT ...
VG @ 11 : Yes , both Schakowsky and Edmonds could be telling the truth as they each understand it .
And yes , there could have been disinformation on the tapes .
There are also a number of other plausible scenarios along similar lines .
( Eg , Edmonds could be correct , but has mis-remembered several details , etc. )
Trying to untangle it all in the background , as well as I can , as noted in my update abobve .
In regard to the co-worker , I do n't believe she was not a " superior " , but rather another colleague in the translation dept .
as I recall the details .
But when Edmonds complained to superiors , that 's what eventually lead to her firing ( about which she filed for whistleblower protection , but was blocked from presenting her case by the invocation of " State Secrets Privilege " all the way up to the U.S. Supreme Court ) .
For the specifics and best details on the co-worker issue , I 'd refer you to David Rose 's excellent 2005 Vanity Fair piece .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 9/25/2009 @ 2:39 pm PT ...
Jim Cirile @ 12 : I would agree with Cosimo 's comment , that your suggestion sounds a LOT like extortion .
At least in the way you 've spelled it out .
Certainly the " Someone should have said to her , you pursue this , or the information goes out wide and the shitstorm will hit " part !
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Jim cirile said on 9/25/2009 @ 2:56 pm PT ...
I would contend it 's a basic law enforcement technique and used all the time .
You give the little fish immunity to go after the big ones .
I 'm the son of 2 NYPD Detectives .
This is how it 's done .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 9/25/2009 @ 3:42 pm PT ...
The whistleblower is not the cops !
It may work the other way around , where law enforcement can make such legal deals , with the permission of a judge , etc .
But if you reverse it , it 's extortion ( which is an interesting contrast , in and of itself , but an entirely different matter )
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Valley Girl said on 9/25/2009 @ 3:54 pm PT ...
Brad @ # 14 - Thanks for your response , and the link .
And , for the rest of you , what Brad is pointing out is that I misread one part that was actually quite clear in the BB comment I quoted ( As I see upon rereading ; Ouch , my apologies Brad ) Edmonds was reporting to a superior about a co-worker - follow the link Brad gives to this odd part of the story .
And Brad I hope you know I was n't meaning to cast a negative light on your great reporting and all efforts throughout , nor on your critical nouse .
I was just wondering " what if ... " and posted it as a comment .
Tho , given that I misread one major detail , maybe I 've ruined my own cred .
Thanks for your continuing work on this and other issues since way back when I first discovered BradBlog .
I 'm happy to give my $ $ when I can manage , to BB , the only blog I give $ $ to .
Hmmm ... okay , where 's my debit card ?
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Valley Girl said on 9/25/2009 @ 4:04 pm PT ...
Brad - update okay , found my debit card and used it on your behalf .
Thank you also for accepting straight out debit / credit cards for contributions without making donors ( e.g. me ) go through the hoops of having to get a f*****g PayPal account !!!
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... nader paul kucinich gravel said on 9/25/2009 @ 4:05 pm PT ...
Looks , brains , & a heart .
Honesty compassion intelligence guts
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Michael Monk said on 9/25/2009 @ 4:26 pm PT ...
Brad , you have done good work and have been fair in all this .
So Schakowsky 's office will be no help in any of this or investigations it appears .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Cosimo diRondo said on 9/25/2009 @ 4:50 pm PT ...
OK , so this is largely an exercise in pedantry , as clearly there would be ethical / moral issues with coercing Schakowsky 's cooperation , but Findlaw describes extortion as : " Most states define extortion as the gaining of property or money by almost any kind of force , or threat of 1 ) violence , 2 ) property damage , 3 ) harm to reputation , or 4 ) unfavorable government action .
While usually viewed as a form of theft / larceny , extortion differs from robbery in that the threat in question does not pose an imminent physical danger to the victim . "
Does n't really apply .
The " only " gain would be the public good resulting from her simply doing her job .
Lawyers.com defines blackmail as : " extortion or coercion by often written threats esp. of public exposure , physical harm , or criminal prosecution " Maybe .
Anyway , the real reason I 'm posting is to point out that Raw Story once again has some links to this issue ( though no original reporting ) .
Hopefully these are less ephemeral than the last one they had for all of about an hour or two a couple of weeks back .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... kathleen said on 9/25/2009 @ 4:55 pm PT ...
the silence about this in the MSM is deafenning .
Anyone else notice how the MSMer 's are not even questioning what Obama said about Iran today .
Now let 's just say they ( Brown , Sarkozy , Obama ) are right .
Why after the run up to the invasion of Iraq and all of the false claims that the MSM endlessly repeated .
Why the fuck would they not simply ask some logical quesions " where is the intelligence from ?
Are these verifiable claims ?
Does Iran have to alert the IAEA to these constructions ?
What is the time line ?
All we are seeing is the same script , new country , different President .
Hope this is not Obama 's " Niger Document " moment
Oh by the way we have never seen one person held accountable for the false pre-war intelligence .
No those murderers have moved on to re-write history
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Vinnie From Indy said on 9/25/2009 @ 5:50 pm PT ...
I have a few problems with Edmonds response .
The very first sentence of her open letter to Shakowsky contians a glaring falsehood .
Edmonds writes ,
" It is an age - old tactic , when one cannot refute statements with facts , to attempt to discredit the witness .
Rather than exchanging accusations , let me just go on record with facts and detailed citations . "
That is simply not true !
Shakowsky DID respond to Edmonds initial allegations with factual information .
Shakowsky pointed out that Edmonds was incorrect about the date of Shakowsky 's mother 's funeral by many years and that Edmonds was incorrect about Shakowski living in or owning a townhouse .
What is one to make of that ?
Further , Edmonds initial claim about Shakowsky only provided a FEW details and two of those details were factually incorrect .
I find it extremely odd and deeply distressing that Edmonds does not address these errors of fact in her long open letter .
She certainly was aware that she was incorrect in her initial claim as she obviously responds directly to Shakowsky 's rebuttal in this response .
Why does she not explain or clarify these glaring falsehoods in her claims against Shakowsky ?
Lastly , Edmonds ends her letter with :
" The last time I saw a similar attack on my credibility was when Dennis Hastert issued a non-denial denial to information contained in a previous magazine article .
He later gave up his seat , registered himself ( under FARA ) as an agent for the government of Turkey , and went on to collect $ 35,000 per month as a foreign agent .
I certainly hope you are not planning to follow his footsteps by giving up your seat and officially registering with a foreign government . "
This bit of slime reveals just a bit more about Edmonds .
She ends her long open letter by smearing Shakowsky by implication .
What is one to think of that cheap shot ?
In short , each time Edmonds drops a new bombshell or pens an open letter , she reveals a bit more about herself .
What she reveals here does not do her credibility any good in my mind .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... PissedOffAmerican said on 9/25/2009 @ 6:39 pm PT ...
The interesting thing about this recent chapter is that I see NO rebuttal , or attempt to discredit , the numerous collaborative people , files , and transcripts that Sibel lists in her letter .
Even the poster above me , " Vinnie " , goes out of his way to assault Sibel 's character , while completely ignoring the meat of her letter .
Kincaid 's reputtal is equally as devoid of substance .
It is truly a shame that debate on this has became one of arguing side issues and trivia , while ignoring the more disarming aspects of Sibel 's accusations .
I can't help but wonder if the Shakowsky part of this thing is the weak link in Sibel 's assertions , therefore the area that Grossman , Hastert , and crew have decided to make their first stand .
If Sibel 's info on this has holes they realize they can exploit to discredit the whole of Sibel 's accusations , it may explain why Shakowsky has been handed the dueling pistols .
Today , I called our local conservative radio talk show host , and , on the air , assked her if she was following the Sibel Edmonds affair .
She claimed to have never heard of Sibel , so I referred her to the American Conservative article .
She has a small amount of national exposure , as she has appeared with Hannity on Fox , so it will be interesting to call in again on Monday , press her again , and see how she reacts .
But at least Sibel 's name got out on the mainstream airwaves in Central California , so even if she refuses to air the issue , I can assume a listener or two did some surfing .
I hope people concerned about this issue , and reading this , take the time to do the same .
It took me less than five minutes , and hundreds of thousands of people heard Sibel Edmonds name , and a brief summary about the accusations .
Its not a wasteful expenditure of time .
Still no support over at TWN , basically tooting the horn there on my own .
Too bad , some very heavyweight people read TWN , and when just one person argues an issue , people tend to tune out .
This wo n't go mainstream because they come looking for us , we have to take it to them .
Another note ... It is beginning to remind me very much of the pre-Invasion days running up to the attack on Iraq .
The MSM is rattling the terrorist fear klaxon at us big time , and now we are hearing about " secret " Iranian nuclear enrichment facilities .
Remember the Iraqi " secret " bio weapons labs that they bullshitted us with ?
Are we really dumb enough to fall for this horseshit again ??
It appears that Obama and crew think we are .
I hope they 're wrong , but I 'm not optimistic .
One thing is for sure , something big is coming up , and be prepared to see Sibel 's thing die on the vine unless we REALLY push it .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Joe Blow said on 9/25/2009 @ 7:00 pm PT ...
" Vinnie " I do n't believe you are anything other than a Turkish lobby stooge or a Schakowsky supporter .
1 . Schakowsky nowhere denies a relationship with the Turkish woman .
She does use ad hominem attacks .
Contrary to your impression , attacking the character of the speaker rather than answering the factual allegations made is a classic rhetorical technique which is easily unmasked .
2 . Sibel 's character is not relevant , although it has been vouchsafed at every turn - Inspector General , Senators , fellow FBI Agents .
What evidence do you have that she has consciously exaggerated or lied about anything ?
3 . Do you seriously believe that her charges do not deserve open public investigation ?
On what basis can her charges be ignored ?
4 . As to her claims of what the tapes say , or what special agents told her , her testimony is easy to corroborate or disprove .
What is the harm in that ?
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... john olin said on 9/25/2009 @ 7:29 pm PT ...
It would be interesting , to me at least , if somebody would do the research to see if anyone close to Schakowsky died during the period Edmonds claims to have heard of said affair .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 9/25/2009 @ 7:34 pm PT ...
I do n't know enough about the Edmonds / Schakowsky conflict to attempt any opinion on which side has the right of it as yet .
But I do know that I am truly saddened and a bit disgusted that with all the allegations Sibel has made concerning potentially treasonous acts by members of Congress , the one act we are focused on contains no wrongdoing by this congresswoman in terms of national security , but is the alleged sex act between same - sex partners and ouside the bounds of marriage , allegedly set up for the purpose of potential blackmail and / or espionage .
Ooooooh !
Secret Agent Man !
You let the wrong word slip
While kissing persuasive lips
Odds are you wo n't live to see tomorrow
When will we grow up ?
Frankly I think Congresswoman Schakowsky and all of us should insist that her private life is private and any attempt to investigate her sex life should be stopped at once .
Do n't we have better things to do and actual serious wrongs to investigate ?
We risk ruining s person 's career over an allegation about forbidden sex .
Come on , people .
Been there , done that , have n't we ?
In the words of Tripper ( Bill Murray , Meatballs ) : It Just Does n't Matter .
What DOES matter is who 's selling which secrets to another government !
Or whose cooperation was bought in order to save another government big bucks !
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... john olin said on 9/25/2009 @ 7:58 pm PT ...
Lora is correct that someone 's sexual orientation is their own business , excepting that it's also the business of their partner (s ) .
That said , the important matter is whether or not Schakowsky was ever blackmailed , assuming there to be any truth to the allegations .
Edmonds has already stated she has no knowledge of any blackmail occurring .
Frankly , for me I 'm just astounded that Turkey could be performing such successful espionage against our government and its people .
I mean , c'mon , Turkey ?!
I never would 've have guessed them to be such proficient spies .
I would 've thought Russia or Israel , or China .
If this is even partially true than I hate to imagine what those guys are busy doing to us right now .
There 's a big part of me that hopes this stuff is n't true , but the rest of me knows that someone else out there will want to take advantage of that part .
In the end , all I can ask myself is what the hell do I know anyway ?
I 'll just have to sit back with the rest of you and see how this unfolds .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Styve said on 9/25/2009 @ 8:10 pm PT ...
I 'm sorry to say , but a reason I rarely posted on this site over the past few years is that the site 's functionality just SUCKS !!
It spastically jumps as you try to scroll down through comments , and it is even worse going from thread to thread .
Nothing , or very little has changed ... please update your software !!
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... PissedOffAmerican said on 9/25/2009 @ 8:13 pm PT ...
" I 'll just have to sit back with the rest of you and see how this unfolds "
Well , you wo n't be " sitting back " with me .
I 'm old enough , and savvy enough , to know that we wo n't expose a damned thing by " sitting back " .
What would we be talking about if Brad , Sibel , and Philip has just " sat back " to see what unfolded ?
Get with the program , man .
Call your local media and raise a stink .
We stand a better chance of getting some momentum for this story by targeting local media , as it is already obvious the big player MSM media is purposely avoiding it .
Reach out to HUNGRY editors , station managers , and radio hosts .
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... NoOneYouKnow said on 9/25/2009 @ 8:16 pm PT ...
I think Vinnie from Indy has a point .
Schakowsky 's refutations of Sibel 's assertions may seem picayune , but I 'd also like to hear how Sibel explains the discrepancies .
Mind you , I think Schakowsky and her communications director are running scared , but it's key that we keep our side of the street as clean as we can .
And I mean " we " in the sense that I 'm on Sibel 's side in this ; I think she 's telling the truth .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... PissedOffAmerican said on 9/25/2009 @ 8:31 pm PT ...
" It spastically jumps as you try to scroll down through comments , and it is even worse going from thread to thread "
Thats not the site .
It a problem with your PC .
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... john olin said on 9/25/2009 @ 8:32 pm PT ...
Oh , PissedOffAmerican , I knew someone would take that part of my comment in that manner .
I 'm trying to do my part .
I plan to e-mail two sources kooky enough to cover this .
Glenn Beck ( because he 's insane , but he claims to be neither republican nor democrat ( a debatable assertion I know ) and this story is perfect for such a claimant as it has people from both sides of the aisle ) and the Daily Show ( because aspects of this are funny , at least to me ( I mean , really , Turkey ? ) )
In the end however my super powers are limited and eventually all anyone can do is sit back and watch life unfold .
At least to some extent .
Maybe that 's being too existentialist .
But I 'm telling people I know about it , trying to do my part .
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 9/25/2009 @ 8:38 pm PT ...
Lora @ 28 said : Frankly I think Congresswoman Schakowsky and all of us should insist that her private life is private and any attempt to investigate her sex life should be stopped at once .
Do n't we have better things to do and actual serious wrongs to investigate ?
You do not think that it's an issue if a member of the U.S. House Select Comm. on Intelligence ( and the chair of it's Subcomm on Oversight and Investigation ) has been exposed , opened to , potentially compromised by blackmail ??
I share your feeling , in that I do n't give a damn what she does in her personal life .
And were it something that could n't be used for blackmail purposes , there would be no point to either these discussions , or the supposed attempts at a setup for blackmail purposes .
But for someone in that position to allegedly have something like that which could compromise them , that seems like a concern to me .
And also a good reason to determine if it 's accurate or not accurate .
I appreciate your ( and others ) thoughts on all of this , of course .
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 9/25/2009 @ 8:53 pm PT ...
POA - Thanks .
For all .
Vinnie from Indy -
Your thoughts are appreciated .
Certainly more than your persistent , inaccurate attacks on another whistleblower , Clint Curtis , if I remember correctly , back in the day .
Styve -
Sorry you 're having problems with the site .
If / when people like yourself decide to actually donate in any reasonable amount that I can afford to use some of it to hire a programmer to upgrade / redesign , I 'll be happy to .
Would love to , in fact .
Until then , we 're all stuck with my own somewhat limited skills and nearly non-existent free time .
But other than that , I hope you find a way to enjoy the content offered here , for free , nonetheless .
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Rob Clark said on 9/26/2009 @ 4:35 am PT ...
I , too , offer kudos for her courage .
She also seems to be doing the best that she can with the tools at her disposal .
http://www.archive.org/details/killthemessenger
Very well produced documentary .
Also certain to go the way of " The Power of Nightmares " .
It wo n't be licensed for viewing in this country .
Keep it up , Sibel .
You got close to an opening .
Brad , some of us out here in the e-mist have some skills .
What would you like to see changed ?
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 9/26/2009 @ 5:32 am PT ...
Brad ,
You do not think that it's an issue if a member of the U.S. House Select Comm. on Intelligence ( and the chair of it's Subcomm on Oversight and Investigation ) has been exposed , opened to , potentially compromised by blackmail ?
The key word here is potentially .
This allegation has more to do with sex than blackmail .
Sibel 's other allegations have to do with alleged actual serious , possibly traitorous wrongdoings .
Sadly , the public will be focused on the forbidden sex part and elements will try to use it to ruin a democratic congressperson 's career , when her sex life just does n't matter .
We should , IMO , say it and mean it , and give backing to all public figures who are harrassed because of their alleged sex life with consenting adults .
The sex part will also serve as a major distraction from issues that really do matter .
However , because the allegation is out there , and because the allegation may have serious consequences , I do appreciate and applaud your efforts to get the facts straight and look at the evidence .
Unless there is evidence of actual blackmail with regard to the Congresswoman , and there is n't as far as we know , I think it best for all of us to focus on some of Sibel 's other allegations .
I have deep respect for your site and your investigative work .
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... cheeky said on 9/26/2009 @ 6:45 am PT ...
The problem I have with all of this is that Sibel is a little naive about what she thinks are " the facts . "
I believe she translated what she translated , but what is n't answered is why she would believe those who spoke it on the tapes were being truthful ?
These are conversations among underworld types and spies .
What is the name of the operative who spoke this , so we can verify " the fact " she claims on the record ?
This is the trouble with pseudo - journalism like this blog .
I admire your work and defend it --- do n't get me wrong --- but trained , professional journalists would dig deeper for substantiation before publishing something so potentially damaging .
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... Joe Blow said on 9/26/2009 @ 7:08 am PT ...
Cheeky , your comments ignore that The Times of London , Vanity Fair and 60 Minutes all covered Sibel 's charges , as did TAC .
Moreover , Sibel is prohibited by law and patriotism from disclosing information about sources and methods - she cannot identify information that journalists ordinarily have with which to follow up .
It is also simply untrue that charges mmade by whistleblowers do n't get published .
Nor is it fair to claim that this blog is a purely journalistic one .
Brad has a point of view .
But that point of view as I read it has never concluded that Sibel 's statements are true .
It has been that her charges are credible and worth investigating .
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... PissedOffAmerican said on 9/26/2009 @ 8:28 am PT ...
Sadly , if it takes raking Shakowsky 's sex live over the coals to get Sibel 's charges to be investigated , so be it .
Certainly , we live in a society that can be more motivated by tittilation than by moral concern .
Shakowsky 's reputation and career are a small price to pay if it leads to further investigation before the public 's eye .
Lora , considering Shakowsky 's responses thus far , do you think she would hesitate to drag Sibel 's name into the gutter if she felt it would shut her up ?
And has n't Sibel already paid with HER career , and much more ?
Let it all hang out , and let the chips fall where they may .
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 9/26/2009 @ 9:06 am PT ...
Lora @ 38 said :
This allegation has more to do with sex than blackmail .
Sibel 's other allegations have to do with alleged actual serious , possibly traitorous wrongdoings .
I will respectfully disagree with you there , even as I appreciate your point of view .
If the allegations of a secretly video - taped sexual affair with a female Turkish agent are true , then --- while I do n't give a damn about someone 's private sexual life , as long as it's legal and consenting --- it raises serious issues of a compromised , high - ranking government official tasked with overseeing the very thing that she may herself have become involved in , in such a way that she'd have a difficult , if not impossible time , exposing , due to her own conflicts .
That 's a problem , as I see it .
A big one .
Sadly , the public will be focused on the forbidden sex part and elements will try to use it to ruin a democratic congressperson 's career , when her sex life just does n't matter .
As stated , I disagree on whether it matters or not .
That said , I suspect the point that she 's a " democratic congressperson " may be affecting your judgement here .
For the record , I too likely Schakowsky .
But that 's not the issue here .
We should , IMO , say it and mean it , and give backing to all public figures who are harrassed because of their alleged sex life with consenting adults .
That 's not why she 's being " harrassed " here , Lora .
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 9/26/2009 @ 9:11 am PT ...
Cheeky @ 39 : This is the trouble with pseudo - journalism like this blog .
I admire your work and defend it --- do n't get me wrong --- but trained , professional journalists would dig deeper for substantiation before publishing something so potentially damaging .
In fact , we did " dig deeper for substantiation before publishing something so potentially damaging " .
In fact , we did n't publish it , even though we long knew who the Congresswoman in question actually was !
The American Conservative published it .
We reported that they did so , and then attempted to offer perspective and comment from those involved , etc. as quickly as possible .
We believe that was the right thing to do , and something other outlets who practice pseudo - journalism , such as AP , New York Times , Washington Post et al , should have done long ago .
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... PissedOffAmerican said on 9/26/2009 @ 12:26 pm PT ...
Here is a link to a short letter to the editor , in regards to Sibel 's accusations , that was ran on the Concord Monitor ...
http://www.cmonitor.com/...909250324/1029/OPINION03
The writer of that letter , Dan Kervick , is a regular and well respected commentor at the TWN blogsite .
The reason I bring this up is to demonstrate the dividend that a very small effort can pay .
I found this letter by doing a google advanced search on " Sibel Edmonds " this morning .
So , expending the time it took to compose three short paragraphs , Dan not only put Sibel into the minds of an unknown number of Concord Monitor subscribers , he also managed to get his comment up as the third item on a date sorted google news search on " Sibel Edmonds " .
How many people has Dan reached through minimal effort ?
These are the kinds of efforts that will slowly nudge this story into the mainstream .
Philip , Brad , and Sibel have worked dilligently to do their part , but all for naught if we do n't do our part .
Over at TWN , the usual suspect is working hard to shove Sibel 's story into the same chapter the birthers have been consigned to .
And he has far more time to flood the issue with obsfucation and bullshit than I have to rebut his every post .
Its a shame that those of you that are in the know on this issue , far more than I am , are n't making an effort to carry some water for Sibel over there .
Its an important blog , and some reasonable informed debate about Sibel has the potential to grow legs .
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... camusrebel said on 9/26/2009 @ 12:56 pm PT ...
OK PO Am , what is TWN .
I googled it and got " Third World Network "
You act like everyone should know , but the web is sooo vast , so many sites , so little time .
Please enlighten me , I need a new battleground ..... having vanquished all my foes on other right leaning sites .
And as much as I love Brad's , a few similar great ones , where 90 some odd % agree w/ me ........ i often get in an ornery mood where I prefer to be disagreed with , then let the vitriol and poetic snarkyness flow , oh boy , maybe even the odd fact or logical argument .
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... PissedOffAmerican said on 9/26/2009 @ 1:15 pm PT ...
Heres the blog ....
http://www.thewashingtonnote.com/
And heres a thread to wade into ....
http://www.thewashington...uest_note_by_r/#comments
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... PissedOffAmerican said on 9/26/2009 @ 1:31 pm PT ...
BTW , Camus ...
If you do wander over there , the CAPTCHA feature sucks .
If you have trouble getting a post up ...
https://bradblog.com/?p=7429#comment-409522
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... cheeky said on 9/26/2009 @ 2:40 pm PT ...
Brad and Joe Blow , reporting names in what Sibel translated is n't responsible journalism , which is why the major media sources are n't publishing it and not because they are afraid or protecting anyone .
Sibel is not a privileged , first - hand source for these facts .
She is a translator ... the person who heard others say it and who is n't telling us the name of the person who she heard it from so we can trace it back to the privileged source .
She may not even know the name of the person who said it , and likely was n't privy to the full context of the conversation , let alone the players or the reason for the conversation .
It 's tantamount to gossip , just a political version of the National Enquirer or Star magazine .
Naming the congresswoman crossed the line .
I am a professional journalist , and I do n't defend much in MSM today , but this is a matter of fundamental news judgment .
The fact you 're repeating the American Conservative 's poor judgment is n't very satisfying .
Most of us learned early in our careers that the pen is , indeed , powerful .
Respected media have the power to ruin lives and change public policy .
It 's not something professional journalists take lightly .
I hope my 2 cents gives you some worthwhile food for thought .
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... cheeky said on 9/26/2009 @ 3:13 pm PT ...
Example , Brad , you reported , as a matter of fact : " The tryst , according to Edmonds , was video - taped by the Turks for possible use in a blackmail scheme , though Edmonds left the FBI before learning whether or not the Congresswoman was ever blackmailed . "
In professional terms , attributing this to Edmonds means that you have verified that she , personally , received the videotape from the Turk who filmed it and she watched the whole tape to make these claims .
It also means she spoke directly , first - hand with the person who was scheming to blackmail , but she did not speak to anyone who actually reached the congresswoman to make the deal .
I doubt that attribution is reliable to the information given .
I understood Edmonds to say she overheard someone on a phone recording make claims that such things happened .
That person could have been making it all up to manipulate behavior from the listener .
The attribution dots have n't been connected .
This is a long , looong way from being a " fact . "
The only fact is that Edmonds translated underworld conversations whose authenticity she is in no position to validate .
There 's no moral high - ground in naming someone , especially as party to a " tryst " that would n't be illegal even if every bit of gossip Edmonds heard were true .
COMMENT # 50 [ Permalink ]
... Vinnie From Indy said on 9/26/2009 @ 3:37 pm PT ...
I think it would be helpful for Edmonds to provide a simple list of the people she has named in her allegations of treason , blackmail and the selling of state secrets .
As far as I have been able to tell the list is quite long and continues to grow each time Edmonds grants an interview or writes an open letter .
One thing is certain , if Edmonds claims are true , she can easily lay claim to the most eventful few weeks as a contract employee at the FBI EVER !
She worked there for 24 weeks as I understand it .
Hell , most people spend the first few weeks simply finding there way around the building etc .
In Edmonds few weeks at the FBI she allegedly uncovered a conspiracy of high treason and the selling of state secrets by powerful , sitting members of Congress and senior White House officials as well as an enormous spy network run by the Turks that included not only several members of Congress and senior White House officials , but also the Mayor of Chicago and several Illinois state legislators .
If that were not enough to shock and awe , Edmonds was also allegedly recruited to join the very same network that she was reading about in her day to day work translating documents .
If true , it is without question one of the most amazing stories in the history of America .
COMMENT # 51 [ Permalink ]
... PissedOffAmerican said on 9/26/2009 @ 3:40 pm PT ...
" I am a professional journalist "
Then you 'd think you'd be " professionally " working to inform the public sufficiently that a hew and cry can be raised to demand investigations into the more egregious of Sibel 's claims , instead of nipping at Brad 's hamstrings .
I doubt your self proclaimed journalistic professionalism , because of the transparent focus and intent of your comments .
" Respected media have the power to ruin lives and change public policy "
And they do so on a daily basis , if your version of " respected media " is what currently masquerades as the Fourth Estate .
Who are these " respected media " that you so glowingly endorse ?
Name one , just one .
Miller ???
Novak ??
Hannity ?
Beck ??
Olbermann ?
Does being a well paid mouthpiece , disguising political marketing as " news " qualify you ?
So , here we have Friedman , trying to investigate a story that any moral and ethical " professional journalist " should be conscience driven to investigate , if only to disprove Sibel 's assertions so that the names of those accused can be cleared ...
And we have you , posting comments in the back room of a blog that has very lttle exposure when compared to that of MSNBC , CNN , FOX , the NYTimes , etc. , nitpicking over what is really trivia when compared to the whole body of what Sibel alleges .
" Professional journalist " .
Yeah , right .
You 're " cheeky " all right .
Trouble is , your attitude and focus shows us that your head is firmly lodged tightly between the two fleshy masses from which you draw your name .
COMMENT # 52 [ Permalink ]
... john olin said on 9/26/2009 @ 4:47 pm PT ...
Hey , just chiming in to agree with POA on the matter of Cheeky .
At least to agree with the gist of what he said .
Also , I propose we rename Lora as Mrs. Shakowsky .
Seriously , she seems to employ some wonderful sophistry by suggesting that we are all actually interested in Shakowsky 's sex life , when that is a secondary consideration that only matters if it has been used against her to compromise her integrity .
Seriouly , Lora , you are the one so tightly focused on that one allegation .
You 're looking at the tree and missing the forest , or you 're trying to control and divert the conversation .
Who knows which ?
Not me .
COMMENT # 53 [ Permalink ]
... cheeky said on 9/26/2009 @ 4:56 pm PT ...
PissedOff , journalists report verified , first - hand facts from their vetted sources , so their audiences may decide for themselves how they might choose to react .
Journalists do not crusade to manipulate reactions , although the management may do so in its editorials .
Rule of thumb , with rare exception , is that we verify a newsworthy claim by three independent sources before it 's certain enough to publish as fact .
I am not minimizing the role of a blog to crusade for a cause based on facts that are professionally reported , but in this case the line is being blurred .
No professional media has vetted and reported as fact the claims Edmonds understood on those tapes she translated .
You can doubt me if you like ; that 's your choice .
I 'm just telling you how news judgments are made in the old - school professional world , back when MSM was respected .
And I understand the way MSM today operates gives you plenty of reason to doubt any of us , all the time .
I think the ball is in Edmonds ' court to produce the person whose conversation she was transcribing , much as the NYT should have made Dick Cheney and Condi Rice produce Curveball for editors to vet with such critical " news " that was key to a march to an unjust war .
COMMENT # 54 [ Permalink ]
... john olin said on 9/26/2009 @ 5:09 pm PT ...
OK , cheeky , Edmonds will just go find the person or persons whose conversation she was transcribing , take them to Larry King and talk about how they were involved in Turkish espionage against the US .
That 'll be a cinch .
Seriously , as a professional journalist , are you allowed to report on what other people are reporting if you can verify from three sources that it was reported ?
And where did you cut your teeth as a journalist , at a newspaper or on TV ?
COMMENT # 55 [ Permalink ]
... cheeky said on 9/26/2009 @ 5:14 pm PT ...
No , Olin .
That would be gossip , not news .
Has anyone asked Edmonds if she knows the name of the person who she transcribed saying this stuff ?
Has she done any vetting of who this person is , his / her history or reliability ?
Did you even wonder ?
Some of you do n't sound very intellectual curious at all .
I wish Judith Miller 's editors had asked her these questions , to make sure she was n't relying on Dick Cheney 's third - hand claims of what a drunkard whose name she was never told was saying about Iraq .
COMMENT # 56 [ Permalink ]
... PissedOffAmerican said on 9/26/2009 @ 5:17 pm PT ...
" ..... journalists report verified , first - hand facts from their vetted sources , so their audiences may decide for themselves how they might choose to react "
What a bunch of rot .
You need look no further than the current snakeoil being bandied about the not so secret " secret " Iranian nuclear facility to dispel your bizzarro representation of modern day journalistic integrity .
A look into the current state of American media renders those such as Brad into the category of " proffessional journalist " , while necessarily concluding that what passes for " news " these days , mainstream , is a compilation of management scripted talking points that rarely , if ever , resemble the actual facts .
" Journalists " , apparently , have become a highly paid contingent of buffoonish marionettes , mixing sarcasm and propaganda into a divisive stew designed to keep the masses bickering over bullshit while their corporate masters loot the coffers , with the able assistance of the type of scum Sibel seeks to expose .
Now , you want to natter on about journalistic integrity ???
Fine .
Show us some .
I dare ya .
Wheres it at ?
Point us to it .
COMMENT # 57 [ Permalink ]
... john olin said on 9/26/2009 @ 5:26 pm PT ...
Cheeky , I do n't claim to be very " intellectual curious " but I 've always had a thing for smart chicks .
Anyway , I do n't believe any of Edmonds ' claims can be verified without government assistance , and that 's what we 're all having a hard time getting .
Thus the need to have the story more widely reported so as to put public pressure on a potentially highly corrupt government to come clean .
Or something like that .
And you did n't tell me , newspaper or TV ?
COMMENT # 58 [ Permalink ]
... cheeky said on 9/26/2009 @ 5:26 pm PT ...
PissedOff , if you actually read my post you 'd see I agree you have cause to be distrustful of modern American journalism .
Funny though , you 're not the least bit distrustful of the American Conservative magazine .
Sy Hersch is one of the very few journalists I trust today .
And I have n't seen him reporting he has verified anything Edmonds remembers translating from those circa 2001 audio tapes of alleged phone taps of unknown players .
COMMENT # 59 [ Permalink ]
... cheeky said on 9/26/2009 @ 5:34 pm PT ...
Well , Olin , irresponsible " reporting " of gossip as " facts , " as some people here allege they are doing , is the quickest way to repel the people you want to compel to look into it .
That argument makes no sense to me .
If you want to sound reasonable , you should start by searching for the name of the person Edmonds translated .
Sorry I got hasty and submitted with the error in " intellectually curious . "
Sorry even more that it confused you .
COMMENT # 60 [ Permalink ]
... john olin said on 9/26/2009 @ 5:40 pm PT ...
Cheeky , I 'm sorry that I am easily confused and you do n't have your editor looking over your shoulder correcting your mistakes .
You must be from print journalism , I 'm now going to assume .
Now , print journalist Cheeky , help me further by telling me how to find the name of the person ( and are we sure it was only one person , as I thought she was transcribing conversations and there were probably at least two people involved ) ?
Google search the FBI files ?
COMMENT # 61 [ Permalink ]
... john olin said on 9/26/2009 @ 6:21 pm PT ...
Also , cheeky , you are the one who is alleging that people here are irresponsibly reporting " gossip as ' facts ' " .
It is a fact that serious allegations have been made by Edmonds , but I do n't think anyone here is convinced of the veracity of the allegations .
We 're just curious why we 're the only ones so curious about such serious allegations .
And if you have n't actually done it please check out this link - http://amconmag.com/article/2009/nov/01/00006/
COMMENT # 62 [ Permalink ]
... PissedOffAmerican said on 9/26/2009 @ 6:34 pm PT ...
" funny though , you 're not the least bit distrustful of the American Conservative magazine " Look , Cheeky , questions , .... whatever your name is ..... American Conservative printed an INTERVIEW .
It really does n't matter whether or not I trust American Conservative , Philip Giraldi , or Santa Claus .
It really does n't even matter if I do or do n't trust Sibel .
No matter what side of the trust aisle I stand , common sense dictates that I 'd like to see the truth come out about Sibel 's accusations .
Is Sibel some sort of lying publicity seeker ???
Is our government hiding corruption and espionage on a huge scale ???
Are our foreign policies being dictated by concerns for national security , or blackmail , bribery , and treason ?
Have you seen me state categorically that Sibel speaks the truth ?
I do n't believe I ever have .
I advocate for some " journalists " , of the caliber you are fond of fantacizing yourself to be , to launch thorough and comprehensive investigations , in the hopes that enough can be unearthed to warrant and demand governmental investigations .
The object , it seems to me , should be to get at the truth .
Now , Mr. Proffessional Journalist , just what the hell are YOU doing to reach that end ?
Its easy to ask questions of your readers that you know they have no way to answer , cheeky .
Its also a dissingenuous and despicable manner of debate .
It is yet one more reason I distrust your self proclaimed designation of " proffessional journalist " .
As far as American Conservative goes , printing the Sibel Edmonds interview does not give me a reason to " trust " them , or distrust them .
It does , however , give me some incentive to respect them .
I tried a trial subscription to AC magazine , and let the offer lapse because its content did n't seem to match my ideological leanings .
I may reconsider .
COMMENT # 63 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 9/26/2009 @ 6:37 pm PT ...
Cheeky , in re : several of your comments above ( and apologies that I have n't been able to respond to each , as I 'm on the road this weekend , speaking on a Media Reform panel in San Diego , so this will have to be quick for now ... with my apologies again ) : Example , Brad , you reported , as a matter of fact : " The tryst , according to Edmonds , was video - taped by the Turks for possible use in a blackmail scheme , though Edmonds left the FBI before learning whether or not the Congresswoman was ever blackmailed . "
In professional terms , attributing this to Edmonds means that you have verified that she , personally , received the videotape from the Turk who filmed it and she watched the whole tape to make these claims .
With all due respect , Cheeky , that 's just utterly incorrect .
A respected FBI source ( respected by bi-partisan Congressmembers on the record , the DoJ IG , etc. ) has said the tryst was video - taped .
I reported that that 's what she said .
I have looked into various aspects of that allegation , and others , and hope to keep looking .
Her knowledge is based , as she says , on what she heard while translating direct wiretaps .
Not , as you seem to indicate in several of your notes , from someone else talking about the wiretaps .
Sibel is not a privileged , first - hand source for these facts .
She is a translator ... the person who heard others say it and who is n't telling us the name of the person who she heard it from so we can trace it back to the privileged source .
Also incorect .
As noted above , she is reporting what she heard on those tapes , and what was learned during the course of the FBI counterintel investigation , on which she worked very closely with field agents , had to be fully briefed on the case to date , the reason for the wiretaps , etc .
She IS " the person who heard others say it " , at least if she is to be believed .
And there is plenty of reason , so far , to believe her ( which I 'll presume you 're all aware of , since I do n't have time right now to go back and offer the cites to the public officials and official reports who have shored up her credibility , or the reports from news outlets from UK Sunday Time or Vanity Fair , etc. who have similarly corroborated elements of her allegations . )
It 's tantamount to gossip , just a political version of the National Enquirer or Star magazine .
Naming the congresswoman crossed the line Complete and utter nonsense .
She is an official source .
And yes , I 'm glad you noted that Cheney , Rice , Bush , Rumsfeld , Powell , Bolton , Perle , Wolfowitz , et all were allowed for years , to say whatever they liked , no matter how untrue it was --- and no matter how much it had already actually even been debunked !
--- across every major corporate media outlet .
As to crossing the line , did you feel similiarly when she had named Hastert , Burton , Blunt , Solarz , Lantos , Grossman , etc . ?
Because those were all named , in various ways , years ago .
Did you write similar letters to Vanity Fair ?
To UK Sunday Times ?
Did you feel that was the political version of the National Enquirer ?
Or only now that Schakowsky 's name has shown up amongst those named ???
PissedOff , journalists report verified , first - hand facts from their vetted sources , Wrong again .
See above ( re : Cheney , Rumsfeld , et al ) .
Furthermore , if you believe the alleged espionage agents are going to step forward to say " Yes , I was the one who gave a hundred thousands dollars to Congressman X " , I think you 'll be waiting for quite a while .
Even if I knew the name of that person , it seems unlikely that " first - hand ... vetted source " will be admitting it on the record .
No professional media has vetted and reported as fact the claims Edmonds understood on those tapes she translated .
Wrong again .
See UK Sunday
Times three part series , see Vanity Fair ( David Rose , 2005 ) , and a bit of CBS 60 Minutes from 2002 .
I think the ball is in Edmonds ' court to produce the person whose conversation she was transcribing
As noted above , the criminals she was listening to , are not likely to come forward .
She has , however , produced , by name , those she says were criminal elements in the U.S. government .
I do n't know that she 'll be able to torture out a public confession from the saboteur agents , however .
Requesting same before the story can be investigated / reported , seems rather absurd .
I do appreciate the discussion , however .
Apologize if I 'm more terse than necessary ( as I 'm on the road , and must get to a meeting 10 mins ago ) .
And if I can't get back to this one until later tonight or tomorrow .
But I 'll try .
COMMENT # 64 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 9/26/2009 @ 6:41 pm PT ...
Vinnie from Indy @ 50 said : I think it would be helpful for Edmonds to provide a simple list of the people she has named in her allegations of treason , blackmail and the selling of state secrets .
As far as I have been able to tell the list is quite long and continues to grow each time Edmonds grants an interview or writes an open letter .
That list was provided long ago , years ago ( minus Schakowsky 's name , though her " photo " was always there with a question mark ) , right here .
It 's really not my fault that you did n't know about it .
And no , the list has not " continue [d ] to grow each time Edmonds grants an interview " .
It 's the same list .
Again , not my fault you have n't bothered to find out about it .
One thing is certain , if Edmonds claims are true , she can easily lay claim to the most eventful few weeks as a contract employee at the FBI EVER !
She worked there for 24 weeks as I understand it .
Um , you do understand that she was plowing through YEARS of wiretaps from 1996 through 2002 , right ?
If true , it is without question one of the most amazing stories in the history of America .
I agree .
COMMENT # 65 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 9/26/2009 @ 6:42 pm PT ...
POA : Re your comment @ 51 .
While I appreciate the spirited defense , and worthwhile debate , please avoid personal attacks on other commenters ( you may personally attack me and / or any public officials all you like , but not other commenters ) .
That would be in violation of our rules .
As your attack on " Cheeky " here also included legitimate points , I 'm loathe to delete the entire comment , as I normally would .
But I will do so if " Cheeky " so requests .
Beyond that , I 'd ask you to tone back the attacks , if you can .
On the other hand , since folks are allowed to attack me , I 'm allowed to fire back in kind .
Though I try to avoid such personal attacks in all but the most important of cases !
COMMENT # 66 [ Permalink ]
... Vinnie From Indy said on 9/26/2009 @ 6:44 pm PT ...
Since the internet has such a long memory , I will wager here and now that if documents are ever produced by the FBI that seem to refute Edmonds claims and they have ANY redactions at all , she will still claim that the FBI is hiding the truth of her claims .
Any takers ?
Edmonds has the perfect excuse for never having to corroborate any of her explosive claims .
For example , it could very well be that Edmonds does have specific file references of documents that she translated .
She has routinely referenced these file numbers in her open letters and interviews .
She may also know that in those files are highly secret operational methods and procedures that will be redacted if they are ever produced .
She also knows that she will be able to claim that these redactions contain all the information she claims will verify her allegations .
I do n't know what the answer is and I do not know if Edmonds is telling the truth .
I do know that her story deserves intense scrutiny based on her allegations , her open letters and her interviews .
In short , regardless of whether the FBI someday reveals these files , albeit with redactions , Edmonds may still claim she is telling truth .
That being the case , she may have constructed the perfect con and it may well be impossible to EVER know the truth .
I wonder if Edmonds would ever accept the results of ANY investigation by any person or body that does not provide to the general public all of the FBI documents she references without a single redaction and if the investigators / panel members / whatever determine and report that she is not telling the truth .
COMMENT # 67 [ Permalink ]
... john olin said on 9/26/2009 @ 6:44 pm PT ...
Also , I 've joined the Daily Show forum and there 's already discussion there about the story .
Not much , but the subject has been posted recently by others already .
Interested people should go to other MSM sites with forums ( that 's if you consider the Daily Show MSM ) and start threads on the subject there .
Then bump that constantly to the top of the forum .
COMMENT # 68 [ Permalink ]
... PissedOffAmerican said on 9/26/2009 @ 6:56 pm PT ...
Hey Brad , how about I ask you to delete the # 51 post , and simply insert the following .... I am a professional journalist "
Then you 'd think you'd be " professionally " working to inform the public sufficiently that a hew and cry can be raised to demand investigations into the more egregious of Sibel 's claims , instead of nipping at Brad 's hamstrings .
" Respected media have the power to ruin lives and change public policy "
And they do so on a daily basis , if your version of " respected media " is what currently masquerades as the Fourth Estate .
Who are these " respected media " that you so glowingly endorse ?
Name one , just one .
Miller ???
Novak ??
Hannity ?
Beck ??
Olbermann ?
Does being a well paid mouthpiece , disguising political marketing as " news " qualify you ?
So , here we have Friedman , trying to investigate a story that any moral and ethical " professional journalist " should be conscience driven to investigate , if only to disprove Sibel 's assertions so that the names of those accused can be cleared ...
And we have you , posting comments in the back room of a blog that has very lttle exposure when compared to that of MSNBC , CNN , FOX , the NYTimes , etc. , nitpicking over what is really trivia when compared to the whole body of what Sibel alleges .
COMMENT #69 [ Permalink ]
... Vinnie From Indy said on 9/26/2009 @ 7:02 pm PT ...
Brad , Does n't Edmonds name additional members of the conspiracy beyond Shakowsky in her AmCon interview ?
Was the Mayor of Chicago ( I am assuming Chicago ) and several unamed Illinois state legislators included in her earlier allegations ?
I will admit that I still getting up to speed with Edmonds saga since she began making these claims .
I will try to have a more comprehensive overview later this week .
COMMENT # 70 [ Permalink ]
... john olin said on 9/26/2009 @ 7:06 pm PT ...
http://forum.thedailysho...ions&thread.id=14140
http://forum.thedailysho...ions&thread.id=11400
These are the links to the daily show forums rather small little threads about this subject .
For the curious .
COMMENT # 71 [ Permalink ]
... cheeky said on 9/26/2009 @ 7:26 pm PT ...
Olin , since the claims about these conversations come from Sibel Edmonds , you would start with her to get the names of those people .
Have your or Brad or anyone else asked her for those names ?
Someone posting here speculated Edmonds must be professionally bound to keep the conversants secret , but I say pshaw to that .
If she 's not professionally bound --- or if circumstances warrant the breach --- to name the people who were the subject of gossip , surely the names of those doing the gossip are more worthy of identity .
That 's not just good journalism ; it 's moral decency .
Some of you seem more intent will bullying anyone who dares to rain on your parade of assumptions than in finding the facts from the first - hand sources .
I do n't agree with you that you 're " the only ones curious " about the allegations .
Why do you think I read Brad 's blog and keep up with Sibel 's claim ?
Talking about what Sibel heard is one thing , but going over the line to claim that what she heard was verified fact just because she heard it is quite a leap in logic .
COMMENT # 72 [ Permalink ]
... john olin said on 9/26/2009 @ 7:41 pm PT ...
" but going over the line to claim that what she heard was verified fact just because she heard it is quite a leap in logic " .
Cheeky , I never did that .
Please show where anyone has done that .
Maybe somebody above us has .
But not recently .
COMMENT # 73 [ Permalink ]
... john olin said on 9/26/2009 @ 7:44 pm PT ...
Cheeky , your English is also somewhat stilted .
Are you perhaps a Turkish journalist ?
Just tell me the name of the newspaper at which you work .
COMMENT # 74 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 9/26/2009 @ 7:46 pm PT ...
Memo to Trevor Kincaid : Please do not insult the intelligence of readers at The Brad Blog , some of whom are attorneys .
You have not " shown " that the " allegations she [ Sibel Edmonds ] made about Congresswoman Schakowsky [ were ] ... untrue on their face . "
You did nothing more than establish that Schakowsky 's mother did not die during the relevant period of the FBI intercepts and that Ms. Edmonds erred when she interpreted " the mother " with respect to the FBI intercept as " Schakowsky 's mother . "
You have not denied that Schakowsky attended a funeral for someone 's mother during the relevant period .
You have not " specifically denied " that Schkowsky became romantically involved with a female during this same period .
Your use of the word " imaginary " does not amount to a specific denial .
Why , if there 's nothing to this , are you being so obtuse ?
Please note that Ms. Edmonds did not reveal this information first during The Conservative Magazine interview but , instead , did so during the course of testimony provided while under oath .
She understood that if she lied about material facts during her deposition , this could constitute perjury , a felony .
That sworn testimony occurred at a deposition in which Ms. Edmonds was subject to cross-examination .
I note that the Congresswoman you work for has not stepped forward personally to say anything , let alone do so while under oath and subject to cross-examination .
Keep in mind Ms. Edmonds had no qualms about revealing the names of other members of Congress , and high level government officials , whom , per the FBI intercepts , had not only been corrupted by the Turkish lobby but had engaged in espionage and treason !
Yet , during the deposition , Edmonds testified under oath that she did not want to identify the Congresswoman because she , Edmonds , left the FBI prior to reviewing any intercepts that would reveal whether the blackmail scheme had been successful .
To me , and no doubt to most others who have objectively followed this story , the core of your argument --- that Edmonds somehow targeted Schakowsky for a smear --- is fatally flawed .
It simply makes no sense to suggest that Ms. Edmonds was out to smear the Congresswoman while , at the same time , insisting that she , Ms. Edmonds , had never seen evidence the blackmail scheme had succeeded --- especially since Ms. Edmonds named names of other members of Congress and high government officials whom she implicates in espionage and treason !
Finally , Mr. Kincaid , I would respectfully suggest that your latest diatribe does a disservice to your employer , Congresswoman Schakowsky .
I , and no doubt many others , could care less about Schakowsky 's sexual preferences .
Whether she engaged in an extra-marital affair with a male or a female is a matter for Schakowsky and her husband .
But , as a citizen , I and others have a right to know whether a foreign government sought to blackmail a Congresswoman on the basis of her sexual preference .
Ms. Edmonds extended an olive branch --- in essence suggesting that we move past the sexual content toward a full airing of the truly serious allegations --- espionage , treason --- again stressing she " did not accuse [ Schakowsky ] of any criminal or espionage - related activity . "
By responding with another diatribe , Mr. Kincaid , you 've caused me , and no doubt many others , to openly wonder whether Sibel Edmonds had simply not remained at the FBI long enough to learn that the blackmail scheme succeeded .
You , Mr. Kincaid , have thus cast suspicion directly upon your employer .
If your employer is innocent , and I sincerely hope that she is , it is in her best interest to step forward with a truthful , point - by - point account that comes directly out of her own mouth .
As a member of Congress , who took a solemn oath to support and defend the Constitution and laws of these United States , your employer has a vested interest in pursuing the very investigation Ms. Edmonds has called for .
Anything less , will leave a cloud over Congresswoman Schakowsky and the office she holds .
COMMENT # 75 [ Permalink ]
... PissedOffAmerican said on 9/26/2009 @ 7:50 pm PT ...
" Talking about what Sibel heard is one thing , but going over the line to claim that what she heard was verified fact just because she heard it is quite a leap in logic "
Out comes the straw man arguments .
COMMENT # 76 [ Permalink ]
... Michael Jones said on 9/26/2009 @ 8:24 pm PT ...
It 's a sad comment on our society when the implication of a lesbian affair gets more attention than that of treason .
It 's funny how those that she has specifically charged with treason are not making any noise that could get specifics on the record in court .
COMMENT # 77 [ Permalink ]
... cheeky said on 9/26/2009 @ 9:11 pm PT ...
Yipes !
Responses to your claims , Brad :
You wrote , " A respected FBI source ( respected by bi-partisan Congressmembers on the record , the DoJ IG , etc. ) has said the tryst was video - taped . "
If this FBI source told you that , why did n't you name him / her and use him / her for privileged attribution as having seen the video of the tryst ?
Why attribute to an apparently unpriviledged source , Edmonds ?
You wrote , " Her knowledge is based , as she says , on what she heard while translating direct wiretaps .
Not , as you seem to indicate in several of your notes , from someone else talking about the wiretaps . "
Classic straw man .
I never indicated any such thing .
I only point out that knowledge of a third party 's conversation does n't mean she has knowledge of whether what any third party said was true .
We agree on the former , but apparently disagree on the latter .
You wrote , " .. ( S ) he is reporting what she heard on those tapes , and what was learned during the course of the FBI counterintel investigation , on which she worked very closely with field agents , had to be fully briefed on the case to date , the reason for the wiretaps , etc . "
I do n't remember her stating her access was quite that in - depth , but be that as it may , I do n't recall any legislator or intelligence official verifying she had a role beyond translating the wiretaps .
I doubt a newbie GS - 7 or so translator was " fully briefed " on all aspects of who was being wiretapped and why .
I doubt they told her if any of the actors was a covert intel agent and not who they told the other party in the conversation they were .
Edmonds may feel information her boss gave her made her well informed , but that does n't make her thoroughly informed .
I do n't doubt Edmonds at all in what she says she heard on the tapes .
My only point is that hearing it does n't mean the people who spoke it were speaking the truth .
If you " do n't have time right now to go back and offer the cites to the public officials and official reports who have shored up her credibility , " you might consider doing so next time before you file your blog post stating it yourself as fact .
I recall some of those corroborators , too , and I do n't recall them corroborating quite the depth of Edmonds ' knowledge of facts that you now claim .
You wrote , " She is an official source . "
No , she was a translator .
And , for what , 24 weeks ?
The FBI never deemed her a spokewoman for their operations .
Sadly , I have to point out the contrary , that the intelligence agencies gagged her , and recently did such a lackluster job of enforcing the gag in the Ohio case that her lawyer told her to go ahead .
The federal gag orders are n't lifted , as far as I understand your reporting .
That makes her very much an " unofficial " not " official " source .
You wrote , " As to crossing the line , did you feel similiarly when she had named Hastert , Burton , Blunt , Solarz , Lantos , Grossman , etc . ? "
I admit some ambivalence there .
I thought Vanity Fair toed the line as far as professional journalism could in naming Hastert .
I think the train has gone off the tracks since then .
With those who are alleged to have committed treason , one could at least make a case for its public impact .
However , the sexual allegations that Edmonds was emphatic she had no reason to believe actually rose to blackmail are clearly purient , in my opinion .
What did n't happen but she says " could have " reminds me of that movie , " Majority Report . "
I hope we have n't come to that in America .
You wrote , " ... ( I ) f you believe the alleged espionage agents are going to step forward to say " Yes , I was the one who gave a hundred thousands dollars to Congressman X " , I think you 'll be waiting for quite a while . "
But , Brad , this is what I 'm trying to tell you .
These agents often DO tell trusted journalists such things .
It takes time and responsible reporting to develop those sources and relationships .
Of those media you cited as reliable MSM coverage paralleling yours , those I 've read do n't state what you do as fact .
They only reported what Edmonds said she transcribed in translations .
They did n't go the extra step and claim what was said in those translation was necessarily fact .
But here 's the biggest cringe I had in your reply , Brad .
You just are n't getting it .
You wrote , " .. ( T ) he criminals she was listening to , are not likely to come forward .
She has , however , produced , by name , those she says were criminal elements in the U.S. government . ... "
Edmonds does n't have standing to accuse any of these people with criminal acts .
And she 's a translator , not a criminal lawyer .
She is a whistleblower reporting what she heard on tapes , and a little about her department 's internal disputes over what to do about it .
She does n't know the full context , history or relationships of these players .
She put the pieces she had together and believes crimes took place .
But that 's her perception , not a fact , yet .
No court has convicted any of these people of crimes .
In fact , no grand jury has determined these perceived relationships might be criminal .
I see no reporting that any investigative agency or prosecutor has prepared a criminal case to take to a grand jury .
I do n't see a point in furthering the debate over your attributions .
I would , however , appreciate an answer to my previous questions : Does Edmonds know the names of all the parties in those conversations she was translating ?
If so , is she going to name them all , matched with the other party in their conversations ?
COMMENT # 78 [ Permalink ]
... cheeky said on 9/26/2009 @ 9:13 pm PT ...
john olin said on 9/26/2009 @ 7:44 pm PT ...
Cheeky , your English is also somewhat stilted .
Are you perhaps a Turkish journalist ?
Just tell me the name of the newspaper at which you work Oh , really ?
ROTFLMAO .
You and Orlie Taitz have come to this conclusion , I suppose .
COMMENT # 79 [ Permalink ]
... cheeky said on 9/26/2009 @ 9:28 pm PT ...
By the way , if I remember right , there may be a salient little fact no one is considering in the Rep. Jan Schakowsky flap .
Sibel originally claimed this alleged video of a " tryst " was staged to compel the congresswoman in it to change her vote .
The original reporting had Sibel saying that congresswoman did change her vote , then she backed off and said she did n't know how the congresswoman voted .
Well , I checked every member 's committee votes in the two years there were Armenian genocide votes .
As I recall , Schakowsky 's vote did n't change .
Another congresswoman 's did , without explanation , however .
Check and see .
I could be wrong .
It has been awhile .
COMMENT # 80 [ Permalink ]
... john olin said on 9/27/2009 @ 12:21 am PT ...
Cheeky , your inability to answer my simple question as to whether you worked for the print media or the visual media has led me to believe you are not a professional journalist at all .
Seriously .
And comparing me to a birther is retarded .
You do n't know me from Adam , as some idiot once told me .
I 'd never deny American citizenship to a child born of an American citizen .
You appear to me to be nothing but a sophist .
Just answer my simple question , dear journalist , where did you cut your teeth ?
COMMENT # 81 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 9/27/2009 @ 12:35 am PT ...
Hey , I know everyone 's exasperated here , but it really is against our commenting rules to personally attack other commenters .
I do n't want to have to start deleting comments all you professional and amateur journalists work so hard to produce , but , well , it 's my gig here .
So could everybody just try to take a few deep breaths , count to ten , soak your heads , or whatever works the best for you , before addressing each other .
It 's easy to express disagreement or even antipathy without calling names .
Please ?
COMMENT # 82 [ Permalink ]
... Greg Arzoomanian said on 9/27/2009 @ 7:29 am PT ...
Congratulations on getting Congresswoman 's Schakowsky 's attention .
A few points :
No need to worry about Edmonds ' credibility .
If 60 Minutes , Vanity Fair , and the London Times found her worth covering , you 're in good company .
To this list you can add high profile attorney Mark Geragos , who is putting her on the stand and is nobody 's idea of a fool .
More to the point , what matters is n't what Edmonds remembers hearing a number of years ago .
What matters is her saying that there are FBI agents and tapes that will confirm what she says .
What 's needed is for someone in government , say the Chair of the House Subcommittee on Intelligence Oversight and Investigation , to bring these agents forward and see what they have to say , and then see what 's on the tapes .
Finally , you keep bringing up " Turkey " as being the perpertrator of various illegal activity .
But in the 60 Minutes story , they refer to a " Turkish organization . "
Well , it so happens that the government of Turkey is currently in the middle of its own investigation of a " Turkish organization " , called Ergenekon , which has been implicated in a number of criminal activities , including the lynching of the Turkish - Armenian journalist Hrant Dink .
So Turkey is doing its job .
Its our own government that is shirking its responsibility .
COMMENT # 83 [ Permalink ]
... cheeky said on 9/27/2009 @ 7:34 am PT ...
I 'm going to take back what I said about having faith Edmonds heard what she says she heard .
As I went back to Brad 's sources that allegedly back up her credibility , I find that they did not back her up on any of the accusations she recently " revealed . "
She really has gone off the track of her original claims about the Turkish council , her co-workers and her work environment .
I see zero substantiation of any claims she is making today .
And now she keeps changing her memory of what she says she translated eight years ago on tapes of unidentified conversants talking about Schakowsky .
Stop and think about this .
If you translated this allegedly vast number of years ' worth of secret recordings between what now appears to be at least dozens of different people --- people you did n't actually see for yourself to corroborate whether they were the person you may have been told you were transcribing --- during 24 weeks in 2001 - 02 , do you really think you would recall a detail of whether you transcribed " her mother " or " the mother , " as Sibel now claims ?
Would you rely on that memory , solely , to insist that what people other than yourself talked about were true facts ?
What will Edmonds change next about what she thinks she heard on those tapes , now that facts have been checked and she attended no mother 's funeral that year ?
Edmond 's memory or understanding of what she heard might be mistaken about a number of things .
It 's poison now to publish anything she says if you can't corroborate the facts .
By the way , Pat Buchanan 's guy claimed it would be impossible to have checked details of Edmonds ' claim .
I could have had the facts about a Schakowsky funeral and townhouse verified -- or in this case discredited --- within two minutes , and so could Brad have done so before publishing claims based solely on one woman 's memory of second - hand information , at best .
That 's what old - school professional journalists do before publishing defamatory allegations .
The MSM today is deeply flawed and disappointing because it has strayed from those ethical standards , but new media wo n't help media consumers by practicing even more reckless standards and neglect of attributions .
Brad , it does n't matter ethically if it's a sitting member of Congress or a John Doe .
Unless you 've checked Edmond 's information with the first - hand people she believes she heard say it on the wiretaps , you should be attributing every sentence to Edmonds , if you publish her memories at all .
Edmonds did n't give details in the past .
Now that she is , they are blowing up in her face , so far .
That hurts her credibility on other claims that she may have understood correctly .
Ask yourself , what if your single source for this story turns out to be as crazy as Orlie Taitz ?
What will your credibility be then , Brad ?
There 's an old saying in journalism : " If your mother tells you she loves you , check it out . "
COMMENT # 84 [ Permalink ]
... john olin said on 9/27/2009 @ 7:35 am PT ...
@ cheeky , I 've read your comment 77 ( again that is ; I only skipped through it last night ) and have to admit it is your most even handed comment yet .
However , as a pro journalist perhaps you could do the dirty work to track down information relating to the actual deposition Sibel gave , as that is at least something factual in that it actually occurred .
What coverage beyond the American Conservative has it received ?
And really , does Orlie Taitz also think you are a Turkish journalist ?
I mean really , where did that little jab come from ?
COMMENT # 85 [ Permalink ]
... john olin said on 9/27/2009 @ 8:03 am PT ...
One more thing @ Cheeky I never said you were not also curious .
I did use the inclusive " we " .
That would include you .
I like you , because you are a skeptic .
However , for the record , I do n't trust skeptics .
And I do n't take cynics seriously .
Also I 'm not even an amateur journalist .
I 'm at best a commenter on a blog which makes me little more than an electronic blip .
COMMENT # 86 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 9/27/2009 @ 8:52 am PT ...
While it appears , Cheeky , that you enjoy playing the Devil 's advocate , your uninformed advocacy is not helpful for those who are interested in truth .
For example , you wrote :
The original reporting had Sibel saying that congresswoman did change her vote , then she backed off and said she did n't know how the congresswoman voted .
Fact :
It is unclear what you mean by " original reporting . "
If you are referring to Brad Friedman 's " coverage , " you would do well to actually read Brad 's pieces which linked to the transcripts of Sibel Edmonds ' sworn testimony .
Had you done so , you would find that contrary to what you wrote , Sibel Edmonds asserted then , as she does now , that while the aim of the Turkish lobby often entailed various illegal means for influencing Congressional votes , she could not say whether the blackmail scheme directed at what then remained an unnamed Congresswoman ( only lately identified as Schakowsky ) had succeeded .
Unlike those who have followed this story , who are appropriately concerned about the gravity of allegations entailing corruption , bribery , extortion , espionage and treason at the highest levels of the U.S. government , it is obvious that you , Cheeky , have come onto the blog with an agenda --- a desire to discredit anything Sibel Edmonds has to say even if it means your making up something like your " original reporting " remark .
Indeed , the best that can be said of your many rants is that you apparently enjoy erecting and demolishing a series of straw men .
For example , you state : Edmonds does n't have standing to accuse any of these people with criminal acts .
And she 's a translator , not a criminal lawyer .
She is a whistleblower reporting what she heard on tapes ...
First , " standing " is a legal concept used by our courts to determine whether a party has a right to initiate a law suit .
For example , ordinarily only some one who is injured as a result of a tort of another has a right to sue .
The legal concept of " standing " has absolutely no connection to what has occurred here .
Second :
The question of guilt or innocence is not a pre-requisite to the question of whether allegations made by a government whistle blower are newsworthy .
If that were the case , the media ( MSM & alternative ) would never report on an indictment unless and until a conviction was secured .
Third : Neither Sibel Edmonds nor Brad Friedman have asserted that they know , for a fact , that any of the individuals involved in this scandal are , in fact , guilty .
What Ms. Edmonds did was to expose what she learned from the FBI intercepts which raises a serious questions as to whether these individuals engaged in corruption , bribery , espionage and treason .
Fourth , it is no more inappropriate for Brad Friedman to " cover " the revelations about these intercepts than it is for the MSM to cover the recent story about a previously undisclosed Iranian uranium enrichment site .
The fact that the U.S. has not " proven " that Iran has used the hidden sites to produced weapons grade , enriched uranium does not mean that the latter story is not newsworthy .
COMMENT # 87 [ Permalink ]
... john olin said on 9/27/2009 @ 8:54 am PT ...
Alright I 'm bored and was reading through comment 83 .
I 'm just wondering where the facts were checked that she attended no mothers funeral .
I missed that part of the discussion .
Are you speaking hypothetically ?
COMMENT # 88 [ Permalink ]
... cheeky said on 9/27/2009 @ 8:54 am PT ...
Yeah , sorry Olin , but I 'm not that into you .
I could n't care less about your analysis of me .
Brad , in rereading your long rebuttal to me , I think I may have misunderstood what you believe Edmonds claims to have heard .
It now seems to me that you think Edmonds claims to have translated conversations in which Hastert , Schakowsky , etc. were the conversants .
I did not make that assumption at any time , because unless all these members of Congress , State Department , etc. speak fluent Turkish , it makes no sense that she'd be translating their conversations .
I 'm commenting on the assumption that she was not listening to first - hand conversations from any American , but rather chatter amongst Turks or other Turkish native speakers .
Please verify if there 's any evidence these American officials were speaking Turkish , or if she is confirmed to have had an intelligence status other than her job title " linguist " that would have enabled her to listen to covert conversations recorded in English .
That would change my position , somewhat .
COMMENT # 89 [ Permalink ]
... cheeky said on 9/27/2009 @ 9:03 am PT ...
Canning wrote , " Neither Sibel Edmonds nor Brad Friedman have asserted that they know , for a fact , that any of the individuals involved in this scandal are , in fact , guilty . "
Those who refer to these American officials as " criminals " or allege them to conspire in " criminal activity " do , exacty , falsely claim a court have found guilt .
Crime is not an opinion .
Events either fulfill criminal statute or they do not .
Anyway , did you check the actual voting record of named people you claim Sibel knows for a true fact were compromised by these activities ?
In particular , did you check the women members of Congress who were there for both committee votes in the about six - year span between the two ?
Because ... if someone did n't change their vote , it 's hard to claim they were criminally compromised , is n't it ?
COMMENT #90 [ Permalink ]
... cheeky said on 9/27/2009 @ 9:22 am PT ...
Does anyone know what Sibel Edmonds ' husband does for a living ?
COMMENT #91 [ Permalink ]
... PissedOffAmerican said on 9/27/2009 @ 9:27 am PT ...
There appear to be two people (? ) posting parallel arguments here and at Steve Clemons site , The Washington Note .
I do n't consider that a " concidence " .
http://www.thewashington...uest_note_by_r/#comments
So , I will post here an edited response of what I posted at TWN ......
Cheeky ....
So , it is your opinion that further investigation is not necessary because none of Sibel 's assertions have been proven ?
Yes , questions , that make a lot of sense ;
To an idiot , perhaps .
Please show me where I , Dan Kervick , Brad Friedman , Philip Giraldi , the American Conservative , Harpers , or any other entity claims that all of Sibel 's assertions are the truth .
The common reaction to Sibel 's accusations is the feeling that there is enough smoke to warrant looking for fire .
You load your longwinded essays up with the assertion that everyone is claiming Sibel speaks the gospel .
That is a straw argument ; in short , bullshit .
You claim to be doing , finally , the research to justify your position .
And that is exactly what you are doing , research , TO JUSTIFY FOREGONE CONCLUSIONS on your part .
You could just as easily find credible and tenable aspects of Sibel 's accusations , but those aspects of her story do n't interest you , because it is not about the truth to you , it is about winning an intellectual duel .
The pleasure you find in playing mind games to win an argument over - rides any moral conviction that should fuel debate and argument .
Almost to a person , everyone commenting on this issue has expressed a desire to see further investigation and media exposure of Sibel 's claims .
You have twisted the whole thing to implying that all of us have argued that Sibel has proven her assertions and accusations .
You had to do that , because common sense cries out for further investigation , and you could not frame a logical argument against further investigation .
Hence your army of strawmen , and questions being posed that you KNOW none of us are in the position to answer , precisely because of the lack of investigation that we argue should be conducted .
This is a very disingenuous manner of debate , and I hope you are not of the mistaken opinion that we are unable to see through it .
COMMENT # 92 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 9/27/2009 @ 9:28 am PT ...
As an addendum to my last comment , there are portions of Cheeky 's posts which reflect either ignorance or intellectual dishonesty .
Cheeky at one point describes Edmonds ' revelations as defamatory and even goes so far as to attempt to compare Edmonds to Orly Taitz , the slime - ball who presented an obvious forgery as if it were an authentic birth certificate .
As defined by Black 's Law Dictionary : Defamation .
The taking of one 's reputation .
The offense of injuring a person 's character , fame or reputation by false and malicious statements .
Where the use of the word " defamatory " and the comparison to Taitz would suggest that Cheeky knows that the Edmonds ' allegations are false , Cheeky concedes otherwise .
I do n't doubt Edmonds at all in what she says she heard on the tapes .
My only point is that hearing it does n't mean the people who spoke it were speaking the truth .
Since Cheeky concedes that Edmonds may have accurately reported what she heard on the tapes , it is Cheeky who has defamed Edmonds by attempting to describe Edmonds ' truthful account as vicious defamation of the Orly Taitz variety .
The " does n't mean the people who spoke it were speaking the truth " is especially amusing .
At this point we do not have the content of the FBI tapes or any FBI summaries of them .
All we know is that these are FBI intercepts that potentially captured the words of the very individuals ( members of Congress & high - level US government officials ) whom Edmonds ' testimony implicates in corruption , bribery , espionage and treason .
Are you suggesting , Cheeky , that these members of Congress and high placed U.S. government officials may have been lying when they uttered words that were picked up by the FBI intercepts ?
Think before you write !
COMMENT #93 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 9/27/2009 @ 9:30 am PT ...
cheeky said on 9/27/2009 @ 9:22 am PT ...
" Does anyone know what Sibel Edmonds ' husband does for a living ? "
___________________________
Relevance ?
COMMENT # 94 [ Permalink ]
... PissedOffAmerican said on 9/27/2009 @ 9:40 am PT ...
" Does anyone know what Sibel Edmonds ' husband does for a living ? "
How is that relevant ?
So you can birth another strawman through which to obsfucate ?
COMMENT #95 [ Permalink ]
... PissedOffAmerican said on 9/27/2009 @ 9:43 am PT ...
We seem to think alike , Ernest .
COMMENT #96 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 9/27/2009 @ 9:54 am PT ...
Cheeky asks : " Anyway , did you check the actual voting record of named people you claim Sibel knows for a true fact were compromised by these activities ? "
Which " named people " and which " changed votes " are you talking about ?
My recollection of the 241 page deposition transcript is that it contained specific references to specific members of Congress pertaining to their vote on the Armenian genocide issue , but I 'm not about to go searching that transcript and pouring through the Congressional record just to satisfy the whims of a passive / aggressive obstructionist who does n't even have the courage to use his / her real name when posting this blog .
I will provide you with precise testimony which shows that you made up " original reporting had Sibel saying that congresswoman did change her vote " from whole cloth .
Here 's what Sibel 's sworn testimony actually said : I do n't know if she did anything illegal afterwards .
... the Turkish entities , wanted both congressional related favoritism from her , but also her husband was in a high position in the area in the state she was elected from , and these Turkish entities ran certain illegal operations , and they wanted her husband 's help .
But I do n't know if she provided them with those .
At this point , Cheeky , it is your credibility which is at issue , not Ms. Edmonds ' .
COMMENT #97 [ Permalink ]
... cheeky said on 9/27/2009 @ 10:05 am PT ...
PissedOff " Orlie " American , sorry to disillusion you .
I only now clicked on your creation at Steve Clemons ' blog to see what you are talking about .
Of course , two individuals could n't possibly come to similar conclusions because they actually think logically .
The only explanation can be that the person posting as " question " and I are one and the same person trying to deceive PO " Orlie " American .
It is clear in you illogic here that you will announce I am one and the same if I do not deny it , so , no POOA , I am not the poster known as question , nor have I ever met him or her , nor was I privy to his / her comments before making mine .
Satisfied ?
I 'm sure you 're not , LOL .
COMMENT #98 [ Permalink ]
... cheeky said on 9/27/2009 @ 10:14 am PT ...
To answer your legitimate question , POOA , what I 'm saying is simply that people publishing Edmonds ' defamatory claims against individuals should verify the facts before -- BEFORE -- publishing the accusations .
Their attributions should be painfully pointed , as the Vanity Fair did in addressing the Hastert claim .
What I 'm further saying is that it 's not that hard to do .
What I 'm further saying is that if media generally considered respected media have n't published it , it could be because they did check the facts and her facts did n't check out ( imagine that ! ) , as they now are famously not checking on in the Schakowsky allegation .
There is n't enough meat here to even ask an editor to consider spending the time with it .
Brad is on the story , so I 'd suggest he start with some FOIA requests on those FBI files Edmonds names by alleged document number .
If you 're serious about getting to the bottom of this , why have n't you spent your energy doing that , instead of ranting here about the neglect of MSM ?
A FOIA costs only the price of the photocopy , and often not even that .
Go for it , POOA .
COMMENT #99 [ Permalink ]
... PissedOffAmerican said on 9/27/2009 @ 10:17 am PT ...
Well , its really quite simple .
All one need do is read the thread here , and draw conclusions about credibility based on the manner in which arguments are presented .
Then , one can go over to the Washington Note , and utilize the same manner of examination and conclusion .
Composition , word usage , punctuation ....hmmmm .
Method of presentation , use of strawmen , methods of denial ......hmmmmm .
Is it ad hominem to draw logical conclusions ??
COMMENT # 100 [ Permalink ]
... cheeky said on 9/27/2009 @ 10:22 am PT ...
Canning : " All we know is that these are FBI intercepts that potentially captured the words of the very individuals ( members of Congress & high - level US government officials ) whom Edmonds ' testimony implicates in corruption , bribery , espionage and treason . " ...
Not unless all those members of Congress spoke clandestinely in fluent Turkish for Edmonds to translate .
Why are you assuming she heard this out of the Americans ' mouths , and that she was able to confirm who she was told she was listening to on an audio tape ?
Why assume that ?!
But I doubt that anything rational is going to get through to the few bulldogs here .
I look forward to reading what Brad really has to back up his advocacy of Edmonds ' assertions as fact .
I did n't come here to be defiant or inciteful , but the lack of open - minded debate here makes it seem so .
COMMENT # 101 [ Permalink ]
... cheeky said on 9/27/2009 @ 10:28 am PT ...
POOA , you say the person posting as question and I write similarly in proper English ?
NO !?
But you told me last night that my English is weird and so I am surely a Turkish journalist trying to fool you here ... fool you into ... um ... well , I do n't know what purpose I would have for these attempts to deceive you .
This is becoming amusing , so please do go on .
What is my ulterior motive to be here and why am I denying your claim that I am also the poster named question ?
COMMENT # 102 [ Permalink ]
... PissedOffAmerican said on 9/27/2009 @ 10:45 am PT ...
As I said above , all one need do is examine both threads .
" But you told me last night that my English is weird and so I am surely a Turkish journalist trying to fool you here "
And you know full well that I did not make that statement , and am not the same poster as " John Olin " ; as Brad or " agent 99 " should be able to verify , and have my full permission to do .
Of course , it would be interesting to have Steve and Brad compare notes to check my intuition as to my assertion , but I doubt , considering Steve 's efforts to distance himself from this issue , that he would cooperate .
Perhaps Brad could make an off the record inquiry to Steve , just out of curiousity .
But really , I entertain no hopes of such an exchange ocurring , considering the admittedly petty nature of this kind of argument .
The only thing I can think of that would be more petty and shallow , would be the implementation of such a ruse .
And we already know my opinion of whether or not that is occurring .
COMMENT # 103 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 9/27/2009 @ 10:47 am PT ...
Vinnie from Indy @ 66 : Just as you spent months attempting to disingenuously poke holes into the Clint Curtis story years ago , offing doing so with inaccurate and absurd charges , you seem rather keen to do the same with Edmonds ' story suddenly .
Very interesting , if predictable .
While being skeptical about such allegations , be they from whistleblowers like Curtis or Edmonds , is always appropriate , in order to get to the bottom of such matters , your interests seem rather different than that , as illustrated by your comment here : " Edmonds may still claim she is telling truth .
That being the case , she may have constructed the perfect con and it may well be impossible to EVER know the truth . "
Skeptically and dispassionately questioning and investigating is one thing , attempts at discrediting , as you seem to be doing again here ( as with the Curtis story ) are another .
For a start , it difficult to discern just what motivation Edmonds ( or Curtis , for that matter ) would have in pulling off a " con " , perfect or otherwise .
Edmonds allegations have resulted in the loss of her job , extraordinary costs , both personal and financial , in taking her case all the way to the Supreme Court , and seem to cut across both major parties , such that it would be very difficult to call her a political opportunist or operative for someone .
If you would like to make a credible case that it 's a " con " , you 'd also need to begin building a credible motivation for such a years - long " con " , at such an extraodinary cost .
Until then , from my own observation , it seems that you are the one laying out the " con " at this point , just as you have done for years on the Clint Curtis case .
Good luck with that .
At least both she and Curtis ( and hell , myself to that matter ) , had the courage to put their names behind their public claims and reporting .
Your predictable spitballs , hurled from behind the cowardly shadows of anonymity continue to both miss their target and fail to impress .
But perhaps that 's just from my perspective .
COMMENT # 104 [ Permalink ]
... cheeky said on 9/27/2009 @ 10:48 am PT ...
Canning and POOA , why are you hiding what Mr. Edmonds does for a living ?
Why ?!
WHY !?!?
Wait , you think alike , so you must be ... the same person !
Yeah , that 's the ticket !!
Seriously , does Mr. Edmonds work in government ?
Does he have security clearance ?
That information would tell me something about the likelihood that Sibel was privy to some of the inside information some sites , including this one , claim she was privy to .
Sibel 's multiple infractions for having classified U.S. material on her home computer is somewhat incongruous with the image we 're led to have of her being some deep insider with detailed knowledge beyond her transcriptions as a run -of - the - mill linguist .
It also makes me wonder if she continues to have such information or if she is truly speaking from memory of what she translated eight years ago , which could be faulty for even the most brilliant person .
An insider knows better than to have classified material on their home computer .
She 's lucky she did n't go to jail for those infractions .
I 'm guessing she did n't because she was just a lowly , short - term contract linguist and nothing more .
That 's not to say she might not have stumbled on something significant .
It 's worth checking out ... but checking out before defaming individuals .
Surely , Canning , since you seem to imply you are a lawyer , you can appreciate that boundary , can't you ?
COMMENT # 105 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 9/27/2009 @ 10:53 am PT ...
Cheeky ( and others ) - I much appreciate the healthy discussion , debate , skepticism ( and even criticism ) etc. in this thread .
I regret that I 'm on the road , at a conference , and large
Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin 's publisher plans to announce Tues .
the title of her memoir : ' Going Rogue : An American Life . '
Palin 's title : ' Going Rogue '
Sarah Palin ’s publisher plans to announce Tuesday that the title of her eagerly awaited memoir will be “ Going Rogue : An American Life . ”
Publication is being moved up from spring to Nov. 17 in order to catch the holiday book - buying season .
The former Alaska governor has been in huge demand as a speaker , and continues to harvest a bounty of media attention .
Advertisement
A mammoth first printing of 1.5 million copies has been ordered — the same first run as “ True Compass , ” the memoir of the late Sen. Edward M. Kennedy .
Palin had a deadline of Sept. 15 for her manuscript and turned it in a bit early .
Copy - editing and fact - checking are now underway in a race to meet the crash publishing schedule , which has been accelerated four or five months because of the huge anticipated demand .
After Palin left office on July 26 , she went with her husband , Todd , and her children to San Diego , the home of her collaborator , Lynn Vincent , and worked on the book for several weeks .
Later , Palin spent several days in New York , going over the final edits .
Palin mischievously embraced the phrase “ going rogue ” at the end of her troubled campaign for vice president on the ticket headed by Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) .
The phrase has its roots in an Oct. 20 story by Slate 's John Dickerson , with the lead : " Has Sarah Palin " gone rogue " ? "
When it comes to vetting adults who may come into contact with children , there is yet again one rule for politicians , another for the rest of us .
There is much fuss in this morning ’s papers over a statement by Philip Pullman , author of His Dark Materials trilogy , that once the government ’s new vetting system is in place , he will simply stop making visits to schools .
In an interview in the latest Bookseller , he says : " This is Labour 's Section 28 — the implication being that no adult could possibly choose to spend time with children unless they wanted to abuse them .
What will it say to children ?
It 'll say that every adult is a potential rapist or murderer , and that they should never trust anyone . "
He expresses his regret that he may never be allowed inside a school again , but adds : " I refuse to be complicit in any measure that assumes my guilt before I 've done anything wrong .
The proposal deserves nothing but contempt . "
Mr Pullman is not alone in his refusal .
Other authors who object to being vetted include Anne Fine , Anthony Horowitz , Michael Morpurgo and Quentin Blake .
According to former Children 's Laureate Mrs Fine : " The whole idea of vetting an adult who visits many schools , but each only for a day , and then always in the presence of other adults , is deeply offensive . "
However , spokespeople for the relevant departments – including the Home Office and Department of Children Schools and Families – appear adamant that authors should be registered on the new database and vetted accordingly .
They are not so clear on the need for their own Ministers to do so .
A Spokesman for Number 10 could not confirm whether Gordon Brown was planning to be vetted .
A similar response was received at the Home Office in respect of Alan Johnson , who masterminded the legislation that put this requirement in place .
A spokeswoman for the Department of Health appeared unaware of the implications of this legislation and opined that vetting was for " people with access in their work " .
Therefore Health Secretary Andy Burnham " does n’t need to be vetted as part of his job " .
Best of all , though , was the Department of Children Schools and Families ( DCSF ) , where a spokesman argued that Ed Balls would not need to be vetted because he " does n’t work with children directly and in an unsupervised way " .
He went on : " the reason authors are required to register is because they go to the same school over and over again : familiarity means that a teacher could go out of class and leave them unsupervised , whilst a one - off visitor ( such as a government Minister ) would never be left alone . "
American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals president Ed Sayres expressed a similar sentiment in the weeks before Vick 's conditional reinstatement was announced .
In a statement , Sayres said that Vick " most decidedly deserves to be employed .
However , the question is n't whether he deserves to earn a livelihood ...
The question is whether Mr. Vick should be able to re-join the ranks of the elite athletes in the NFL . "
Professional football players are looked on by many people as both heroes and role models , Sayres added , questioning whether it 's appropriate to put a player with Vick 's record of animal cruelty in such a position .
The announcement was met with a mixed public reaction ; some football fans cheered the return of Vick , whose talent on the field is unquestionable .
But many animal lovers fumed .
Late last month , NFL commissioner Roger Goodell announced that former Atlanta Falcons quarterback Michael Vick will be allowed to return to professional football .
Vick , of course , was banned from league play following the revelation of his involvement in a dogfighting ring called Bad Newz Kennels .
Public outcry or no , Vick will , most likely , be back on the football field in the fall -- that is , if a team will hire him .
The Falcons released him from his contract in June .
And representatives from several other teams have announced publicly that they 're not interested , among them the Miami Dolphins and the Cincinnati Bengals .
Add one Southern California team -- the San Diego Chargers -- to the " do not want " list .
" Some head coaches and GMs would talk about it , but for what ? "
Chargers General Manager A.J. Smith said in an interview with The Times .
" I do n't know why you 'd want to fool with it . "
Also on the list of uninterested teams , according to USA Today : the Buffalo Bills , the New York Giants , the Oakland Raiders , the St. Louis Rams and the San Francisco 49ers , among others .
Some have speculated that the Green Bay Packers may take the plunge and sign the disgraced former star , but the team 's general manager , Ted Thompson , has remained coy .
" What is the answer that we give to questions like this ?
We 're always looking to improve our team , " he told the Associated Press .
" We look at all options at all times .
I would n't care to speculate in terms of the odds or the percentages ( of signing Vick ) or anything like that . "
Meanwhile , it 's still unclear just what Vick 's role will entail in his planned partnership with the Humane Society of the United States on its anti-dogfighting campaign .
After the partnership between the animal protection organization and the former dogfighter was announced , Humane Society president and CEO Wayne Pacelle said that he could n't be certain of Vick 's intentions ; many guessed that the move was a calculated one on Vick 's part , designed to put him back in the good graces of the NFL .
But , Pacelle wrote on his blog , Vick told him that he had " changed forever .
And he said he wants to show the American public that he is committed to helping combat this problem .
He asked for an opportunity to help .
I want to give him that opportunity . "
Pacelle shared some interesting insights , including what he saw as an " insurance policy " for the Humane Society when it agreed to work with Vick , in the video below :
Earlier this week , a planned celebration for Vick in his home city of Newport News , Va. , was postponed because , Vick said , it conflicted with an event he was attending in Atlanta .
The Newport News event 's coordinator said that the Atlanta event was a Humane Society function , but the Humane Society had no comment when questioned by the Atlanta Journal - Constitution .
For its part , PETA has vowed to keep a close eye on Vick as he begins his new life outside Leavenworth prison , and it has started a letter - writing campaign to Goodell asking him to mandate completion of its online course " Developing Empathy for Animals " for all NFL players .
RELATED :
Animal lovers , football teams react to Michael Vick 's conditional reinstatement in NFL
Sports Illustrated features Michael Vick 's pit bulls
OTHER L.A. TIMES STORIES :
Ted Green : Michael Vick has every right to play in the NFL
Diane Pucin : Michael
Vick paid his debt , but should NFL let him play ?
-- Lindsay Barnett
Photo : Vick during a 2006 Atlanta Falcons - Dallas Cowboys game .
Credit : Rob Carr / Associated Press
Video : Humane Society of the United States
More than just painful ( Image : Rex Features )
A good spanking may leave a mark on a child that ’s worse than the red handprint .
Spanking and other corporal punishments stunt children ’s intelligence , new research shows .
The IQs of 2 - to 4 - year - olds who received regular spankings from their parents dropped by more than 5 points over four years , compared with kids who were not spanked .
“ The practical side of this is that paediatricians and child psychologists need to start doing what none of them do now , and say , ‘ Never spank under any circumstances , ' ” says Murray Straus , a sociologist at the University of New Hampshire in Durham , who led the new study along with Mallie Paschall at the Prevention Research Center in Berkeley , California .
Advertisement
No excuses
Theirs is n’t the first evidence that spanking children comes with a cost : several previous studies have hinted at the association , and a recent brain - imaging study found that children who underwent severe corporal punishment had less brain grey matter – which includes neurons – compared with other children .
Stress , anxiety and fear might explain why spanking slows cognitive development .
However , the new research makes a stronger case for a cause - effect relationship between spanking and intelligence than other studies , says Elizabeth Gershoff , a child development researcher at the University of Texas , Austin , who was not involved in the new study .
This is because it examined children over the course of four years and accounted for many confounding variables , such as a parent ’s ethnicity , education and whether they read to their children or not .
Straus and Paschall analysed data collected in the 1980s as part of a nationwide survey of children ’s health .
In 1986 a previous study measured the IQ of 1510 2 - to 9 - year olds and also noted how often their mothers meted out corporal punishment .
The researchers repeated the IQ tests four years later .
Straus and Paschall split the kids into two age groups – 2 to 4 years and 5 to 9 – because some child psychologists contend that occasional spanking is acceptable in toddlers , but not older children .
Smacked down
The figures revealed that 93 per cent of mothers had spanked 2 - to 4 - year - olds once or more per week , whereas only 58 per cent had turned to physical discipline with the older kids .
Nearly half of toddlers ’ moms had spanked their children three or more times per week , Straus and Paschall found .
Four years later , younger children who had never felt their mother ’s palm had gained an average of 5.5 IQ points compared with kids who had suffered corporal punishment , while older unspanked children had gained 2 IQ points , on average .
These results cast doubt on the practice of spanking only younger kids , Straus says .
“ It ’s one of the cruel ironies that younger children are more at risk because their brain is in the most formative part of development . ”
Spanked but bright
Although Straus and Paschall accounted for many other factors that could affect intelligence before concluding that corporal punishment leads to lower IQ , spanking is n’t a guarantee of intellectual mediocrity .
In the younger children , the thing that made the biggest difference to IQ scores was whether or not mothers provided cognitive stimulation .
This was more important than anything else , including corporal punishment .
“ Let ’s say you have a child that comes from educated parents , warm and supportive parents , who provide cognitive stimulation , and they spank : that kid ’s going to be OK anyhow , [ though ] maybe not quite as OK [ as the child would be ] if they did n’t spank , ” Straus says .
However , he has little patience for the argument that spanking accomplishes what other forms of discipline cannot .
“ The research simply does n’t show that , ” he says .
“ Spanking does n’t work any better with a 2 - year - old than saying , ‘ No , do n’t do that . ' ”
He adds , “ I spanked my kids when they were little : I wish I had n’t now that I know all this . ”
Journal reference : Journal of Aggression , Maltreatment and Trauma , DOI : 10.1080/10926770903035168
For anyone considering going into the business of manufacturing traditional textiles using the filaments extracted from the spinnerets of the golden orb spider of Madagascar , here are a few guidelines to keep in mind :
The largest spiders , the females , can grow to about the size of a small adult human hand , with hairy stiletto legs and the ability to eat large , flying insects .
Only the females produce the silk , which is renowned for both its striking saffron color and its tensile strength ( five to six times stronger than steel by weight ) .
But these females are notoriously cannibalistic and if left to their own devices will quickly reduce the entire silk assembly line to arachnid carnage .
They do n’t seem to want to work in the winter , and when it rains too much , their silk becomes viscous and cannot be used .
Image
An 11 - foot - long cloth of thread from golden orb spiders will be at the American Museum of Natural History starting Thursday .
Credit ... Courtesy of Simon Peers and Nicholas Godley
And if the spiders in the factory begin to disappear mysteriously , it might be because , in Madagascar , one of the poorest countries in the world , it is believed by some that eating these spiders , fried , is good for the throat or just good eating .
India says relations with China remain warm
The Indian foreign ministry has dismissed a suggestion by a Chinese think tank that the country should be broken up into 30 independent states .
It said that the proposal was the view of an individual and did not accord with the official position of China .
The report was written by the China International Institute of Strategic Studies in July .
It argues that a fragmented India would be in China 's interests and would also lead to prosperity in the region .
The article was available online until recently but it has now been removed .
Even so , it has received extensive coverage in the Indian press .
' Broken up '
The Times of India quoted it as saying that Beijing " should work towards the the break - up of India into 20 - 30 independent states with the help of friendly countries like Pakistan , Bangladesh , Nepal and Bhutan .
Indian troops have a long - standing border dispute with China
The article was reportedly written under the pseudonym " Zhan Lue " ( Strategy ) .
It argued that if China " takes a little action , the so - called great Indian federation can be broken up " .
The Times of India quotes the paper as arguing that China should join forces with " different nationalities " such as Tamil and Kashmiri people so that they can establish independent nation states of their own .
It also reportedly carried other similar proposals for other areas of the country and makes a reference to the disputed north - east Indian state of Arunachal Pradesh , which lies on the border with China .
The Indian foreign ministry said that the two countries have a " strategic and co-operative partnership ... and the pace of exchanges has gained momentum in recent years " .
" Both sides have agreed to continue this momentum , while seeking to resolve outstanding issues , including the boundary question through peaceful dialogue and consultations , and with mutual sensitivity to each other 's concerns , " the foreign ministry statement said .
" The Chinese side has conveyed to us that in approaching India - China relations , China abides by the Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence .
One of these principles stresses respect for territorial integrity and sovereignty .
" The article in question appears to be an expression of individual opinion and does not accord with the officially stated position of China on India - China relations conveyed to us on several occasions , including at the highest level ... last week . "
The publication of the article coincides with the 13th round of India - China border talks , which both sides have termed as positive .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
What You Need To Know About JavaScript Scope
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Understanding scope in programming is key to appreciating how your variables interact with the rest of your code .
In some languages , this can be quite straightforward , but JavaScript ’s anonymous functions and event handling features , along with a couple of little quirks , mean that handling scope in your applications can become frustrating .
Understanding scope in programming is key to appreciating how your variables interact with the rest of your code .
In some languages , this can be quite straightforward , but JavaScript ’s anonymous functions and event handling features , along with a couple of little quirks , mean that handling scope in your applications can become frustrating .
This article discusses how JavaScript handles scope and how various JavaScript libraries provide methods for dealing with it and how they smooth out a few bumps .
We ’ll also look at how you can get back to basics and do some interesting scope wrangling without a library , a useful approach if you ’re writing code that needs to stand alone .
You might be interested in the following related posts :
You Are Here
So what is “ scope ” ?
We might say that it refers to your current location .
If you run some JavaScript like …
var iAmGlobal = 5 * 5 ;
… then you ’re running in the global scope , the big wide world , where you ca n’t go any further out .
For something like …
function doSomething ( ) { var inner = 5 * 5 ; } ;
… you ’re now boxed in by this function , running within its scope .
The phrase “ boxed in ” is appropriate ; take a look at this code :
var g = " global " ; function go ( ) { var l = " local " ; } go ( ) ; alert ( l ) ; // throws a reference error
You ’ll see that when we run the go function , the l variable is contained within that function ’s scope .
It can not be accessed from a higher level scope .
How it Works
As well as variable scope , JavaScript uses the this keyword to get a reference to the current execution context .
That rather terrifying term boils down this : at any point in your JavaScript code , you can ask “ Help !
Where am I ? ” and get back an object reference .
This reference is for the current context , the object that “ owns ” the currently executing code .
Now , you might think , given what we ’ve just learned about scope , the owner of the current code would be the scope in which it is executed .
After all , in JavaScript , even functions are objects and can be passed around in variables .
But no .
Take this function , for instance :
function go ( ) { console.debug ( this ) ; } go ( ) ;
This gives you a reference to the top - level execution context ; in a browser , that ’s the browser window itself .
There are a few exceptions to this .
For example , if we create a JavaScript object and then call a method on it , then the scope is bound to the object :
var myObject = { go : function ( ) { console.debug ( this ) ; } } ; myObject.go( ) ; // console.debugs a reference to myObject
Similarly , when using functions as constructors , you see the same behavior :
function MyClass ( ) { this .
go = function ( ) { console.debug ( this ) ; } } var instance1 = new MyClass ( ) ; var instance2 = new MyClass ( ) ; instance1.go( ) ; // console.debugs a reference to the MyClass instance1 instance2.go( ) ; // console.debugs a reference to the MyClass instance2
However , notice in this case that the reference is to the individual object instance rather than the class definition , which contrasts with the previous object literal example in which we will always receive a reference to the same object .
With event handlers , things get a little more confusing .
If you specify an event handler inline in HTML , then you end up with it referencing the global window object .
However , if you use JavaScript to wire your events , then you get a reference to the DOM object that raised it ; for example , a click handler on a button would have the button element as the reference .
Event handlers are a common situation in which you would want to bind a function to a different scope ; many JavaScript libraries provide features to help do just that .
Let ’s take a look at some common options .
Libraries
Many developers use JavaScript libraries to avoid having to deal with browser inconsistencies and to take advantage of the many shortcuts they offer .
Scope handling is something most libraries give a helping hand with , so let ’s take a look at what a few of the major players offer .
Prototype
Prototype comes with a bind method that allows a developer to specify the bound context for a function .
var products = [ ' Shoes ' , ' Sweater ' , ' Jeans ' , ' Wig ' ] ; function showCount ( ) { for ( var i = 0 ; i < number ; i++) { document.body.innerHTML
+= this [i ] + '. '; } } var fn = showCount.bind ( products ) ; fn( 2 ) ; // outputs Shoes .
Sweater . to the document
It also supports passing arguments that are “ remembered ” when you call the function , and these can be used to create shortcut functions ; basically a version of a function that defaults to passing in certain arguments :
var showOne = showCount.bind ( products , 1 ) ; var showFour = showCount.bind ( products , 4 ) ; showOne ( ) ; // outputs Shoes. showFour ( ) ; // output Shoes .
Sweater .
Jeans .
Wig .
See Prototype ’s Function.curry for more information on this particular aspect of Function . bind .
The second useful feature of Prototype ’s scope handling is bindAsEventListener .
This is very similar to bind but ensures that the first argument passed to the event handler is the event object .
Event.observe( $ ( ' showCountButton ' ) , ' click ' , showCountHandler.bindAsEventListener(products , 2 ) ) ;
Here we ’re using Prototype ’s event functions to set up an event listener when the showCountButton is clicked .
We ’re passing our products array as the context , which the function is bound to , but in this case the showCountHandler would look something like this :
function showCountHandler(e , number ) { for ( var i = 0 ; i < number ; i++) { document.body.innerHTML
+= this [i ] + '. ' ; } Event.stop(e ) ; }
So we have the products array as this , but we also have the e event object automatically passed as the first parameter , which we can later use to stop the default event .
The two Prototype methods for binding context are handy because they ’re used in exactly the same way , so you have a very simple and consistent method of taming your context .
Ext JS
Ext JS is farther reaching than either Prototype or MooTools in that it provides a full end - to - end framework for UI and application creation .
This means it also provides correspondingly more features to control scope .
To compare it with Prototype , let ’s look at how to bind to a particular context :
var fn = showCount.createDelegate ( products , 4 ) ;
This is identical in usage to Prototype ’s bind method .
But is there a difference when dealing with event handlers ?
Ext.get ('showCountButton ').on ( ' click ' , showCountHandler.createDelegate( products , 4 ) ) ;
That ’s right : there is no difference .
Ext JS will normalize the event object into an Ext.
EventObject for you and then append your additional arguments after that .
However , there are two caveats to this .
First ,
Ext does n’t just pass the event object to the handler , but also passes the source of the event ( in this case , the showCountButton ) and any options that were passed to the on method .
So , our handler now looks like this :
function showCountHandler(e , source , options , number ) {}
However , there is a shortcut to using createDelegate , and it involves understanding the arguments of the on method .
We can do this like so :
Ext.get (' showCountButton ').on ( ' click ' , showCountHandler , products , { number : 4 } ) ;
The third argument of on is the scope under which the handler should run , which eliminates the need to use createDelegate .
However , in order to pass further parameters , we have to use the options parameter .
So our handler in this case would be :
function showCountHandler(e , source , options ) { number = options.
number ; }
This is not quite as elegant on the handler side of things , but it ’s useful to know that Ext JS provides a variety of methods for accomplishing similar things , and you can use them accordingly when building your applications .
The MooTools library provides two methods that are essentially like replacements for Prototype versions : bind and bindWithEvent , a.k.a. bindAsEventListener .
However , on top of these familiar features , it provides a couple more that lend some extra flexibility .
My favorite is Function . create :
var fn = showCount.create ( { bind : products , arguments : 4 } ) ;
This is nice and succinct , and to turn this into an event handler , we do this :
showCount.create ( { bind : products , arguments : 4 , event : true } ) ;
We can pass additional options , such as delay , which defers the execution of the function by a specified number of milliseconds , and periodical , which fires the function every time the specified interval elapses .
One library conspicuous in its absence is jQuery , which does n’t offer any context binding facility .
But JavaScript does have built - in features that allow you to manage context in many scenarios , and it also provides relatively simple methods of building your own solutions to more complicated problems .
On Your Own
I ’m no snob : leveraging the hard work of the great developers who have spent a lot of time on their libraries makes total sense .
They will have worked through all of the bugs and edge cases so that you do n’t have to .
On the other hand , understanding what ’s happening on the JavaScript level is important , not only as an academic exercise but also for those occasions when you ca n’t rely on a library .
Sometimes offering standalone and library - independent scripts is best ; for example , if you would like to make your code available publicly and for widespread use .
By relying on a library , you restrict the use of the code to people who use that library .
Let ’s take a look at how scope and context can be handled without using a library .
Call and Apply
JavaScript functions have two methods available to them that are of particular interest for handling context .
Let ’s look at call :
showCount.call( products , 4 ) ;
Apply is very similar but is used when you do n’t know how many arguments you will be passing .
It takes an array as its second parameter :
showCount.apply ( products , [ 4 ] ) ;
Both of these achieve the same goal , but your usage case will determine which would work best for you .
Event Handler Scope
We saw in the explanations of scope how event handlers cause problems , and we also saw how the various JavaScript libraries provide means of getting around this .
If you ’re stuck with bare - bones JavaScript , then you simply have to write your own means of scoping event handlers , and we ’ll look at how to do that now .
Call and apply trigger the function immediately : that ’s not what we ’re after .
Instead , we want to return a new function , which will then be called when the event fires .
So :
Function.prototype.bindContext = function ( ) { // when adding functions using prototype , " this " is the // object which the new function was called on var callingFunction = this ; // pass the desired scope object as the first arg var scope = arguments [ 0 ] ; // create a new arguments array with the first arg removed var otherArgs = [ ] ; for ( var i = 1 ; i < arguments.
length ; i++) { otherArgs.push(arguments[i ] ) ; } // return a function remembering to include the event return function(e ) { //
Add the event object to the arguments array otherArgs.push(e || window.event ) ; //
Array is in the wrong order so flip it otherArgs.reverse( ) ; //
Now use apply to set scope and arguments callingFunction.apply ( scope , otherArgs ) ; } }
This is a basic implementation with no error handling , but it provides a useful base to expand on and for understanding the overall approach .
Dealing with event handler scope is essential for most JavaScript applications , and no developer should be tied to a single framework , so an appreciation for handling this problem at a low level is useful for every coder .
Conclusion
When building any large JavaScript application , a solid understanding of scope is not only useful but pretty much necessary .
While using a common JavaScript library is a useful shortcut , it ’s certainly never bad to get back to basics and roll your own solution in order to gain more control of JavaScript scope .
Further Resources
Floyd 's unique presentation style was an instant hit Celebrity chef Keith Floyd has died following a heart attack , aged 65 .
He died at his partner 's Dorset home on Monday .
Floyd , diagnosed with bowel cancer in June , enjoyed a last meal of oysters and partridge , with champagne .
He shot to fame in the 1980s in ground - breaking cookery shows , presented with huge enthusiasm and wine glass in hand .
Chef Marco Pierre White said Floyd had " inspired a nation " with his programmes , while Jamie Oliver said he had been " the best television chef " .
Floyd 's eccentric , often shambolic style of presentation endeared him to millions of viewers around the world .
White said : " He had this great ability at the stove , great confidence .
He was a natural cook .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" But his very special talent was he could articulate himself and deliver inspiration with words .
He spoke in a way that everybody could understand . "
He added : " A little piece of Britain died yesterday which will never be replaced .
" He was an individual , he was a maverick , he was mercurial , he was magical , he was special , he was rare . "
Oliver said : " Keith was not just one of the best , he was the best television chef .
" An incredible man who lived life to the full and an inspiration to me and to so many others . "
" I think all of us modern TV chefs owe a living to him .
He kind of spawned us all , " said Antony Worrall Thompson .
Floyd opened his first restaurant , Floyd 's Bistro , in Bristol , at the age of 22 .
Years later , it was running another establishment near the BBC studios in the city that Floyd was discovered by television producer David Pritchard .
Their 1985 series , Floyd on Fish , was an instant hit , and subsequent series took the chef all over the world .
Wine - fuelled flamboyance
The programmes were ground - breaking at the time for taking the cooking out of a studio , but it was Floyd 's wine - fuelled flamboyance that viewers loved .
" That was his charm , completely , the fact that if it all went wrong he just threw it in the bin and carried on , " said TV chef Phil Vickery .
He pioneered a new kind of cookery programme driven by his exuberant passion for good food , good wine and a good time
Janice Hadlow
BBC
Two controller " He did n't live in the sanitised world of perfect studio cookery ; he was out and about , he loved his drink and he loved engaging with other people . "
His former manager Stan Green said Floyd 's passing was , " the end of an era for many of us " .
" We are aware that Keith enjoyed life to the full , right up to the end , but we may also remember him for the innovative , brilliant Floyd television series . "
BBC
Two controller Janice Hadlow said Floyd had " pioneered a new kind of cookery programme driven by his exuberant passion for good food , good wine and a good time " .
Floyd wrote more than 20 books , many of them best - sellers .
His autobiography , Stirred But Not Shaken , is due to be published next month .
An incredible man who lived life to the full and an inspiration to me and to so many others
Celebrity chef Jamie Oliver
Obituary : Keith Floyd In Pictures : Keith Floyd
How will you remember Floyd ?
Mr Steen , the book 's ghost - writer , said : " For an autobiography you have to be introspective and he found that difficult to start with , but yesterday when I spoke to him he was a really happy man .
" He was very excited about it .
The experience for him was therapeutic . "
A lack of business acumen plagued Floyd throughout his career , and he went bankrupt in the 1990s reportedly after a £ 36,000 cheque he had accepted for a drinks bill bounced .
He was married four times , with a son from his first marriage and a daughter from his second .
Dorset Police said the death had been reported to the coroner for west Dorset , and a routine post - mortem examination would be conducted .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
That 's what last night was -- identical to going to the zoo and watching the monkeys sling poo at each other .
Appalling and amusing at the same time .
If I was supposed to be surprised by any of that , I was n't .
Let 's talk about what little we learned .
First ,
Trump did n't come to debate , he came intending a brawl and was perfectly happy to have one .
Exactly how you persuade someone to vote for you in that format is unknown .
I can't imagine his tactics got him one vote last night .
But -- before I go on with Trump and Biden , can I talk about the so - called " moderator " ?
Better -- explain to me why Trump 's side of the aisle consented to such a " debate " with such a " moderator " in the first place .
The wording of the questions was so wildly slanted that frankly , were I up there , I 'd have spent the first 30 seconds of each of my segments nuking the dude in the middle !
The most - glaring and outrageous was toward the end , where Chris Wallace asked about " right wing extremist and white supremacist " groups and demanded Trump denounce them after repeating the lie , discredited via hard proof of the original statement on tape years ago , about " very fine people " , while ignoring that the riots in Portland , Minneapolis , Chicago , Seattle ( CHOP zone anyone ? ) , Kenosha and elsewhere have all been initiated by the radical left .
Yeah , I know about Rittenhouse .
I 've seen the videos ; we can argue whether he should have been there ( and if not , why is it that others who do n't live in Kenosha had a right to be there and commit arson and loot in the town if he did not ) but having been set upon and attacked he exhibited a remarkable amount of restraint in that he only fired on the people who were actually assaulting him , despite having a fully - loaded magazine .
Indeed , I 'm not sure you could trust a National Guard member to not unload the entire magazine into the mob that was after him .
For a 17 year old that was remarkable .
Of the two most - clear from the videos that are now in the public domain one man who he shot clocked him with a deadly weapon ( a skateboard ) and the second drew a pistol and was intending to kill him when he was shot in his weapon arm and prevented from doing so .
Indeed , the second guy admitted after the fact that he drew because he intended to kill Rittenhouse .
I predict that despite whatever " process " comes he 's acquitted in the fullness of time , as I 've said before .
The evidence is quite clear .
Bust him for being a minor in possession of a firearm in Wisconsin if you wish ; that 's a misdemeanor .
What 's quite - clear is that if he did n't have the firearm or did n't shoot he'd be dead .
In any rational world that 's pretty - much the definition of self - defense , do n't you think ?
That 's one guy .
Ok , how about all the other guys ?
Floyd was jacked on drugs ; the autopsy makes that clear .
He almost - certainly expired from the fentanyl in his body , not from what the police did .
Was that " excessive force " ?
Not clear .
What is clear is that he did n't go quietly when arrested , and as I 've pointed out many times in this column over the years there is no resisting arrest unless you 're too stupid to be considered human ; at the point the lights come on or " put your hands up , you 're under arrest ! " is shouted at you there are only two options :
You fight it out in court or you kill every cop that 's there right where they stand .
Why ?
Because you can't successfully " resist arrest " , it simply adds to whatever penalty you have coming for whatever offense you may have committed and as soon as you " resist " not only is it futile but you 've just multiplied the penalty and you did it by your own hand .
That 's retard - level stupid .
Floyd is n't the only example .
Louisville was about the cops returning fire after they were shot at !
Was the warrant for the wrong place ?
Maybe , maybe not .
Does n't matter , and despite the warrant authorizing " no knock " entry ( which I agree should be binned immediately and forevermore ) they did knock and announce themselves and got shot at in response .
Are you telling me that if someone shoots at the cops they can't shoot back ?
Since when ?
What was the excuse in Chicago to sack MagMile ?
Was that " white supremacists " ?
That would be rather odd given that all I saw was black people doing the looting in the video that 's been posted .
Last time I checked the odds of a black person being a white supremacist are approximately equal to my hitting the Powerball today .
Shall we talk about the fact that Obama ( Joe 's two - term administration as VP , remember ? ) was associated with real no - bull **** domestic terrorists -- The Weather Underground ?
They liked to bomb things .
Did Obama ever have anything to do with that criminality ?
Not that I know of , but Biden and Obama 's connection to actual domestic terrorism is more clear than Trump 's is to white supremacists .
Where is the demand that all of those looting , burning and rioting cut that crap out ?
Biden 's running mate has strongly intimated on camera that she supports what 's going on out in Portland , Seattle and elsewhere !
Oh , she stopped short of directly supporting riots , but she got damn close .
And -- she 's Biden 's running mate and made those statements as his running mate , not before .
Then there 's the Trump supporter who was stalked and shot in cold blood out west .
Rittenhouse was attacked .
Maybe that ultimately is ruled self - defense by a jury , and maybe it 's not .
The man who shot the Trump supporter out west lay in wait for him , targeted him , and killed him in cold blood for purely political purposes .
He was not rioting , he was not looting , he was not committing arson and he was shot in the chest .
That was a literal political assassination and the guy who committed it was a self - avowed " Antifa . "
The assailant committed suicide - by - cop when they tried to arrest him ; he pulled a weapon and was shot by police .
The irony of that -- threatening a police officer with a firearm usually gets you shot -- appears to have been lost on all the so - called " Black Lives Matter " clowncar brigade .
Meanwhile in Chicago the shoot - a- palooza continues on a daily basis with nearly all of both the victims and the shooters being black .
Go figure .
As for Covid19 , which of course was one of the first topics , did anyone note that Wallace did not mention at all that Pelosi herself along with a number of the Democratic Caucus members dismissed the Coronavirus threat in February and urged people to visit Chinatown at the end of February ?
Or that virtually the entire Democrat Party , including Biden , considered Trump 's China travel ban xenophobic ?
The fact is that the Democrats almost - universally called Trump racist for banning travel from China when he did it and frankly , we should have done it sooner .
Did Wallace mention any of this ?
No .
Did Trump have answers to his Covid response ?
No , he did not .
And in point of fact he has let a bunch of screamers run riot all over his administration and the states with their " mandates " , " lockdowns " and similar .
He owns every single bit of it in that he could rescind his " Emergency " right here , right now and stop it all .
But Trump was absolutely right about Fauci and masks .
Fauci knows they do n't work because there 's 40 years of science behind that .
He said so himself on live television on multiple occasions before " changing his mind " and as I pointed out in my podcast yesterday he has been ignoring known facts on pre-existing immunity since March as well , even to today months after the publication of peer - reviewed scientific papers proving it exists .
Indeed , a new publication has shown that we can separate out provable pre-existing immune recognition from that caused by an asymptomatic infection -- and that it 's real .
Redfield , Birx , Fauci and others have run around for months repeating the bald - faced lie that said pre-existing immunity is a fantasy .
They 're doing so in the case of Birx and Fauci with the direct imprimatur of President Trump himself , since he appointed and has not removed them from his self - promoted " task force . "
Exactly who deserves the blame for the histrionics , never mind the continuing economic damage those people have ginned up based on scientifically - disproved claims , including billions spent on worthless ventilators that kill you most of the time if used ?
Who 's responsible for the close to $ 10 million a day we 're flushing down the toilet on worthless " tests " that , in asymptomatic persons , are not diagnostic in that they 're incapable of discerning between infectious virus and fragments or otherwise - defective components that are biologically harmless !
When you sit in the left seat it 's your aircraft .
If you dive it into the ground whether or not you took the advice to do so from Fauci , Birx , Redfield and others you still did it and you still own the resulting wreckage along with every dead body whether they 're still in the aircraft or in pieces spread over the next half - mile from the point of impact .
How about the Supreme Court ?
Biden said " let the people decide " and " voting has already started . "
Well , like it or not when elected you 're in the seat for the full four years .
That you have parties hell - bent on short - circuiting the election so that if you get caught screwing a goat on Halloween a huge percentage of people have already voted and can't change their mind that 's your problem -- and that of the poor fools who did n't wait .
Pre-election blow - ups by candidates are nothing new , but the fact remains that you 're President for the whole four years until the next inauguration if you lose or are term - limited out .
That 's how it works and no , the opposing party does not get to change the length of your term by playing screaming toddler .
Had the Democrats controlled the Senate when Obama was President Merrick Garland would by on the court today .
You know it , I know it and Biden knows it .
Further , neither the Executive or Legislative branches control the Supreme Court docket ; it is under their exclusive and non-reviewable authority .
There is no means available in the Constitution to force them to either accept or refuse Certiorari in a given case .
Having granted it , there is no means to stop them from hearing it on their own schedule .
That the Democrats do n't like how the court calendar happens to be today is just tough crap , exactly as it has been many times for the Republicans .
Biden 's refusal to state whether he supported " packing the court " was telling .
That which you will not answer is always presumed to be the most - adverse answer available in any but a criminal proceeding .
So Biden does support doing so , which tells me everything I need to know about whether he respects the premise that when you 're President you nominate Justices and , if the Senate confirms them , they are seated .
I remind you that there is a means to remove a Justice -- you can impeach him or her , provided you can get the votes , and impeachment is a political proceeding ; no actual crime need be proved .
As with the Senate 's Reid who did n't like the results of the filibuster and thus deleted it , only to have it blow up in the Democrat 's face after he left office , Biden now advocates the same thing for the Supreme Court .
Down this road lies Civil War .
Are you sure you want to walk that way ?
Speaking of Civil War , if you 're seeking one you could hardly do better than to take the 14th Amendment which guarantees equal protection under the law to all and turn it on its ear officially through mandatory " training " within the government that teaches that one is a racist because they are white ; in other words only a white person can be racist , and all white people are racist -- whether they admit it or not .
That 's what " critical race theory " is , I remind you , and it 's flatly - unconstitutional in the United States to base any public policy upon it .
That includes making it a part of the government .
We literally went to war in part over exactly this in the 1860s turned the other way around ; that blacks were inherently inferior .
Want do it again Joe , because your party and others within the government are literally asking for it to happen again -- right here , right now .
As for Biden , could someone please point to one policy measure that Biden actually outlined last night ?
Just one .
He " denied " his support of the Green New Deal which is a bald lie given his own campaign web site .
Biden believes the Green New Deal is a crucial framework for meeting the climate challenges we face .
WHAT THE ACTUAL ****?
Reality is that our CO2 emissions in the US are approximately where they were in the early 1980s !
This is despite having a third more people than we had then , approximately .
How is that possible ?
Fracking ; simply put natural gas is cheaper than coal on a per-BTU basis using fracking to recover it from the earth and natural gas , being CH4 where coal is simply C , releases about twice as much energy in BTUs per unit of carbon dioxide returned to the atmosphere from its sequestered , carbon - encapsulated state .
Basic economics did this by the way , not government mandates .
Nobody pays $ 2 for something they can produce for $ 1 without a gun being shoved in their face .
Yes folks , that 's all carbon returned to the planet 's atmosphere -- how do you think the carbon got into the ground in the first place ?
It was sequestered there , nearly all from plant material .
That cycle is why every animal on this rock is alive , including us .
The real issue with energy and CO2 release is that while we have a crap - ton of natural gas ( although not an inexhaustible amount ) other developing nations are coal - rich and natural - gas - poor .
India and sub-Saharan Africa have a material percentage of their population , especially the latter , with no reliable electricity in homes .
They have coal but not natural gas .
In fact in parts of Africa they are using Fischer - Tropsch to obtain liquid hydrocarbons ( gas and diesel ) from coal because economically it's the best option , even accounting for the losses inherent in doing so .
Claiming to be interested in " stopping " alleged " climate change " when we 've already , on a per-capita basis , cut our CO2 emissions by a third while developing nations are going to explode logarithmically higher in said emissions , when they out - number us by a factor of more than 3:1 is pure insanity .
That is not a plan to actually reduce net carbon emissions on a global basis it is a looting operation aimed at shoving a gun up your nose and forcing to send money to nations that we have no obligation to nor do we receive value in return for same .
And it 's not a small amount of money in " aid " either ; we 're talking trillions of dollars here folks .
So what is your " plan " given that they 're humans and aspire to have more tomorrow than they have today just like every other human does ?
Eugenics ?
Never mind the facts on " electric cars " and similar .
We do n't mine and refine lithium in the US because the process is nasty and doing it in a way that does n't foul the environment is so expensive nobody will take it on .
Musk is claiming to have a process that evades most of the nasty .
He has no scientific evidence or demonstration that he can actually do it , I might add , and while I am not the best chemist I do understand the chemical processes involved in separating and refining out lithium from the Earth .
In China they do n't get a wet crap about polluting the earth which is why it 's done over there -- and not here .
The same problem applies to both solar and wind .
Both require raw materials and both have a huge environmental problem on both the front and back end .
Wind turbine blades are fiberglass and non-recyclable ; worse , they 're extraordinarily non-biodegradable .
The blades have a fixed life after which they must be replaced .
What do you do with the old ones ?
Lithium batteries are non-recyclable too as it costs more to do so than it does to mine more lithium -- unless you cut off the environmental damage dumped in China and elsewhere , which nobody is or will do .
And oh by the way if you do the math on this you 'd roughly have to triple grid capacity .
Where do you intend to do that and with what will you generate the energy ?
I 'll tell you where you wo n't do it -- from wind and solar .
The only viable long - term plan to do so given our technology today is thorium - salt reactors ( note the date on that linked article ) ; today 's uranium / plutonium fission fuel cycle cannot get there as we have no means to deal with the waste generated by using it at that scale .
The thorium fuel cycle solves that problem which makes it the only viable energy source for this endeavor .
We 're not spending a nickel on it , nor is it in the Democrat " green " platform .
That 's the real problem -- if you truly claim to be about the global environment then shifting the pollution " over there " is in fact poisoning other people to fund your way of life .
If that 's not racist would you please explain what would be short of literally murdering people ?
Never mind that if you 're going to support more people on this rock you want more CO2 , not less .
We 're actually in the lower area of the historical range , believe it or not .
Why do you want more ?
What do you think plants use to grow ?
CO2 is literally plant food .
Would you like more food or less , given the population of the planet ?
You 're not into eugenics , are you ?
On issue after issue this was what we saw last night .
And it was wildly fertile ground for Trump , but Trump simply can't get there from here because he 's too damned interested in trying to play rabid Pit Bull and rip off Biden 's nuts instead of going after the substance of the argument and wild bias in the alleged " questions " .
Failure to capitalize on any of this was Trump 's problem last night -- he played the ******* part perfectly , but what he did n't do was take the first 30 seconds to skewer Wallace , and then the next minute and a half to put the rope up around Biden 's neck when it came to February and all the charges of " Racist ! " the Democrats slung at him in February and March -- then hang him with it .
He could have done the same with the question on the Supreme Court .
Trump could have drawn the comparison between what might prove to be a shooting in self - defense and a clear , cold - blooded political assassination .
He likely would have given Biden another stroke on the spot had he done so on any of these three points .
But he did n't .
I could have left Biden in tears , along with Wallace .
But Trump simply can't do it .
He lacks the capacity .
He always has ; show me one example across the last three and a half years demonstrating otherwise .
Just take one cheap shot Wallace took last night in trying to go after him on his $ 750 federal income tax payments .
Why did n't Trump shoot back with a thank you to Biden for Pelosi and Obama writing him a $ 70 + million check on the backs of working people during Obama 's Presidency ?
That 's exactly what happened and it would have been a literal mic - drop moment , ruining any claim Biden might have made in terms of helping the middle class .
But he did n't do it .
Or take the latest declassified document proving that the Obama White House itself interfered in the election in 2016 and cooked up using the intelligence apparatus ( and FBI ! ) in the United States to go after Trump and his associates .
Obama himself , and thus the Obama / Biden administration knew damn well what Hillary was up to because they were briefed on it .
That 's illegal .
Wildly illegal .
And Joe Biden was involved in it up to his neck .
But here 's the problem -- Trump has known this for 3.5 years .
As Commander in Chief he has access to anything classified , no matter what it is .
He can not be refused .
He cannot lose his clearance either , which is an interesting quirk , and he can grant a clearance to anyone or declassify anything he chooses .
So he 's known all this for more than three years and did not declassify and release it immediately in 2016 .
On purpose .
He knew felony criminal activity occurred targeting him and it was documented , on paper , that it happened .
He had hard proof of indictable , criminal conduct in his hand and did nothing .
He can , as head of the Executive and thus " The Boss " of all Federal Law Enforcement , demand , publicly , that these wildly criminal acts be prosecuted and publicly fire anyone in the DOJ who refuses .
" Law and Order ? "
Uh huh .
Sure .
Like J. Edgar Hoover eh ?
Or JFK who , after MLK 's march and intimidation , illegally ordered the FBI to go after him ?
Oh , you think this sort of crap is new ?
It most - certainly is not .
Hoover was known for it and yet the FBI building has his name on the front of it in DC .
Again -- " Law and Order ? "
Folks , this was a poo-slinging contest between two pathological liars neither of whom could stop insulting each other long enough to nail the other with the fact that they were both lying through their teeth .
Yeah , Biden did n't fall over dead on - stage , which some people expected .
But what can you say about Trump last night -- that Putin or Xi might be scared that in a fit of pique he'd nuke either or both of them ?
Explain to me how that advances the interests of the American public .
And while you 're at it , perhaps you can explain why we should n't sack BOTH political parties via whatever means are necessary and start over .
This is the " choice " they allegedly present to us ?
I 'll be waiting .
Several generations have now lived under the shadow of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 , including police officers like me who became increasingly disillusioned with its effects .
Despite all the money and effort poured into the so - called " war on drugs " , the inexorable spread of drugs and the accompanying damage is powerful testament to failure .
What we are doing is not only very expensive and misdirected activity , but actively counterproductive and harmful .
As a young constable in London , I was shocked when I saw the " pit " , a hospital room used for the temporary storage of the latest collapsed " junkie " picked up from the pavements of the West End .
After minimal treatment they awoke and staggered off , back to their next hit , hoping it was not going to be their last .
Some ended up in the mortuary .
If your child was found in possession of drugs , would you want them to be arrested , charged and convicted ( with all the stigma that entails ) or advised , supported and treated if necessary ?
Every drug user is someone 's child and , sadly , often the victim of emotional , physical and sexual abuse .
Drug - taking blocks the pain and yet we ostracise and criminalise rather than understand and support .
" Drugs are bad , ban them ! " is an easy mantra , but it ignores the history of alcohol prohibition in the US and our own recent experience of spending more than £ 10bn a year on the criminal justice system and losing more than £ 15 bn to crime that has merely accompanied the rise in the drug trade .
The criminals make around £ 6bn a year .
They are the success story .
I suppose that I arrested as many " druggies " as anybody on the team and the thumbnail of cannabis found in the bottom of their pockets found its way on to the charge sheet as a matter of routine .
Sometimes detectives came back to the police station with a few pot plants they had found on some hippie 's window ledge .
After a few weeks of healthy , well - watered growth on the crime squad 's own windowsill , this now very impressive evidence arrived on the evidence bench of the magistrates ' court .
I commanded or oversaw many anti-drug operations .
In one London council estate we arrested almost 30 street dealers in a co-ordinated swoop , motivated by a desire to tackle overt street - dealing in heroin and crack cocaine .
Some undercover officers put themselves at risk as they immersed themselves in the addicts ' lifestyle ( showers not an option ) and became accepted by the dealers .
Others were at risk of falling off ladders as they assumed the role of observant decorators .
The evidence was so good that all those arrested pleaded guilty .
And one building ended up with five coats of paint .
A bigger operation in an East Anglian city targeted more than 100 street dealers .
It was hailed as a great success by politicians , much as any large seizure of drugs , or police " crackdown " , is celebrated as evidence of the success of the " war on drugs " .
Within days the dealers were back .
If success were measured by the volume of arrests and drugs seized , you could conclude that the police had done well ; however , judged on success in containing the market and reducing harm , the outcome is quite different .
It all seemed so pointless ; what were we achieving ?
The enthusiastically spun revolving door of criminal justice took in and spat out users and dealers , often addicts themselves , to deal again .
Men and women , arrested for little more than youthful experimentation , emerged with lives forever tainted by a conviction .
Nowhere in the country is free from drugs and the associated crime epidemic .
Criminals continue to make huge profits , corroding and corrupting public and private lives .
They target each new generation of children and create addicts who are ostracised , become diseased and die unnecessarily .
More recently , I have been working abroad and the problems that exist worldwide are recognised at the highest levels , with most acknowledging the harmful unintended consequences of the current approach .
A huge criminal market ( with enormous financial incentives ) has been created using corruption and violence to make its huge profits .
Efforts to destroy crops only destroy peasant farmers ' livelihoods and the environment , while the poppy fields and coca plants spring up elsewhere , with producers adapting to meet the demand .
Growing other crops is futile if the demand for drugs remains .
Our limited resources are directed towards this futile " war " while public health , which is clearly the first principle of drug control , remains an impoverished baby brother .
Prevention and treatment , surely , should come first .
Finally , users are excluded and marginalised from the social mainstream , tainted with a moral stigma , and often unable to find treatment even when they may be motivated to want it .
The biggest growth of HIV / Aids outside Africa is in injecting drug users .
Unless we face these unintended consequences head - on , we will continue to be mesmerised by the many paradoxes of the drug problem .
We can do things differently .
In Boston in the 1990s the US police successfully concentrated on reducing the number of murders as a greater priority than pursuing futile efforts to reduce the scale of the illegal market .
In Portugal , decriminalisation of possession of all drugs since 2001 has unblocked a hopelessly overcrowded court and prison system , and evaluations of this approach have shown a broadly positive impact on recidivism and social reintegration and a significant cost saving to the government .
The Swiss people voted by a two - thirds majority last year to ratify their successful heroin prescription programme as official government policy .
For 15 years , heroin has been prescribed in special clinics under controlled conditions , resulting in less crime , death and disease and fewer new users .
After this " medicalisation " heroin is no longer cool .
Importantly , of the previously hopeless individuals many now hold down a job and live normal family lives .
All we have managed is three trial runs , obviously successful , involving just over 100 heroin users .
This is good news , but we must move more quickly .
As we wring our hands and close our eyes to the lessons from abroad , delay in expanding heroin prescribing will inevitably lead to more people who will die , contract HIV and Hepatitis C , continue to commit crime and prostitute themselves to feed their habits .
The different approach in East Anglia offered prolifically offending addicts a choice between treatment and arrest .
They almost invariably chose treatment , and detectives were surprised to learn that not only did this save time and precious resources , but it was also the most effective way of tackling burglary they had ever seen .
We thought and acted in new ways and achieved better results , for everybody .
Prosecuting users is misguided and counterproductive ; prosecuting dealers without tackling demand or their profits does not work .
If the money wasted on misinformation , low - level enforcement and condemnation had been spent on tackling the underlying causes , so many blighted lives could have been different .
There are other options , but sadly we cannot hold a rational public debate as serving officers or politicians who dare challenge the " war on drugs " orthodoxy justifiably fear being pilloried by our national press .
Politicians will not even conduct a cost - effectiveness analysis of the current approach .
The drug policy thinktank Transform has calculated savings of up to £ 14bn a year if drugs were controlled and regulated .
It 's not as if we could not do with the money .
So , where are we ?
Law enforcement spending is up , criminal profits are up but drug use is also up .
The game 's up !
We know that we must change and we also know that police officers like to make things happen .
This is the time for police leaders throughout the world to challenge the status quo and focus resources on serious , organised criminals , not blighted users , and to focus on harm reduction not some pie - in - the - sky dream of a drug - free society .
Where they lead , politicians will follow .
A brainfuck synthesizer
For my latest in my series of 500 Programming Languages , I decided to write a ( simple ) synthesizer in brainfuck .
Introduction to brainfuck
brainfuck is an esoteric programming language based on the idea of making a language with the smallest possible compiler .
Indeed , my Python brainfuck compiler is only 30 lines of Python code , and I ’m sure there are some optimizations I could have done to make it shorter if that was my goal with the whole thing .
The only data structure you get is a single array ( if it were infinite you ’d have a good representation of a Turing machine ) , and all you can do is move around this array with a pointer , increment and decrement values , input and output values , and loop .
The entire language consists of 8 commands :
> move the pointer forward one cell
move the pointer forward one cell < move the pointer back one cell
move the pointer back one cell + increment the current cell
increment the current cell - decrement the current cell
decrement the current cell .
output the byte in the current cell
output the byte in the current cell , input a byte into the current cell
input a byte into the current cell [ move to the matching ] if the current cell is zero
move to the matching if the current cell is zero ] loop back to the matching [ if the current cell is non-zero
Anything other characters in a program are ignored , and thus comments can be inserted anywhere into the program .
Just be careful not to type proper English sentences with commas and periods , or you might get some funny bugs until you realize what ’s happening .
That ’s really all there is to the language .
There are a couple of areas of behavior that are n’t standardized between interpreters , relating to the size of the array , the cell size , and handling end - of - file when inputing .
Those are covered in more detail on the brainfuck Wikipedia page .
So , since this is such a simple language ( to comprehend , not to write in ) , and I already provided a working compiler in my previous post , I ’m going to do this post a little differently , and just cover the process I went through in writing my first non-trivial brainfuck program .
The idea
I tried to come up with an idea for a program you do n’t normally see implemented in brainfuck , and I ’ve never seen anything done with brainfuck and audio , so I decided to write a simple ( non-interactive ) synthesizer .
My first brainfuck program
To start out with , I wrote a program to just generate one second of simple square wave , at 4kHz ( the max for 8 k Hz sample - rate audio ) .
With 8000
Hz audio , there are 8000 bytes per second , so if the wavelength is two bytes ( one byte high , one byte low , makes a complete single wave ) , that makes the frequency 8000 ⁄ 2 , or 4000k Hz .
If I doubled the wavelength , I ’d get half the frequency , or 2000 Hz .
set counter to four thousand > ++++ four [ > +++++ +++++ times ten [ > +++++ +++++ times ten [ > +++++ +++++ times ten [
<<<< + >>>> - ] < - ] < - ] < - ] keep a zero value and generate a 255 value >> +++++ five [ > +++++ times 5 [ > +++++ +++++ times ten [ <<< + >>> - ] < - ] < - ]
< +++++ plus five ( 255 total ) << [ >> . output 255 < . output 0 < - decrement counter ]
This demonstrates how even generating a large number in brainfuck is quite a chore .
I had to use four nested loops and four different cells to calculate 4*10 * 10 *10 .
Still , it ’s better than having 4000 plusses at the beginning of my program .
The way loops are done in brainfuck reminds me of doing loops in assembly language .
In fact , brainfuck in general reminds me of assembly language , but without all those convenient opcodes you ’re used to . :)
What ’s your frequency , brainfuck ?
Next , I wanted to generate a lower frequency , working my way toward taking user input to determine frequency .
I picked the A below middle C , which has a nice , even frequency of 220 Hz .
When you divide 8000 by 220 , you come up with a wavelength of approximately 36 .
Half low and half high makes that 18 bytes per half , so I needed to update the previous program to output 18 bytes of each value instead of just one byte per value .
222 waves of 36 bytes each equals 8000 samples for 1 second of audio > +++++ +++++ +++++ +++++ ++ 22 [ > +++++ +++++ times ten [ << + >> - ] < - ] ++ plus 2 more >> +++++ five [ > +++++ times 5 [ > +++++ +++++ times ten [ <<< + >>> - ] < - ] < - ]
< +++++ plus five ( 255 total ) << [ >>> +++++ +++++ +++++ +++ eighteen up and down = 220 Hz [ < . output 255 byte > - subtract from counter ] +++++ +++++ +++++ +++ eighteen up and down = 220 Hz [ << . output 0 byte >> - subtract from counter ]
<<< - ]
This version adds two extra loops and an extra cell to generate eighteen 255s and eighteen zeroes for each iteration of the loop .
Like MIDI , but crappier
So , the next and final step was to allow input of notes to play , and the lengths to play each of those notes .
I found a helpful reference on the frequencies of musical notes .
Due to the fact that brainfuck only allows you to read a single byte at a time , and because it made the program simpler over all , I decided to have the two values input for each note represent the length , in waves , and the length of each half - wave .
This allowed me to use the basic structure of the previous program , and to support a wider range of frequencies without having to handle multiple - byte input for notes .
generate the 255 byte for output >>> +++++ five [ > +++++ times 5 [ > +++++ +++++ times ten [ <<< + >>> - ] < - ] < - ]
< +++++ plus five ( 255 total ) << , read in the length of the first note ( in waves ) > , read in the length of each half wave [ < [ > [->>+>+>+<<<<] copy the value to two cells for use in the following loops plus an extra copy >>>>[-<<<<+>>>>] copy the value back to the original location << [ < . output 255 byte > - subtract from counter ] > goto next counter [ < . output 0 byte ( zeroed by the last loop ) > - subtract from counter ]
<<<< - ] , read in the length of the next note ( in waves ) > , read in the length of each half wave ]
Since the half - wave length is input from the user , I ca n’t simply re-generate the value each time through the main loop , so I had to make extra copies of the value , and then re-copy the value back to its original input location , since it ’s zeroed out when it ’s copied to the other location .
Like I said , it ’s harder than assembly language .
Now all you have to do is fire up your favorite hex editor and create a binary file with a list of lengths and notes ( for example mary . notes ) , and save the output from the program into a file ( for example , mary.raw ) , and you will have your very own brainfuck - generated music !
In an 8 - bit unsigned 8 k Hz mono raw PCM file .
Linux users can use aplay to play this file .
It just so happens the default format is the same as the output of this file .
This also means you can pipe the output of this program directly into aplay , as well .
All you need now is some sort of front - end which will interactively take keyboard input and translate it into notes , and you could use this for live performances .
( note : you probably do n’t want to use this for live performances )
Learning more about brainfuck
I learned everything I know about brainfuck from the brainfuck Wikipedia page , and so can you !
Conclusion
This is probably not a language you want to use , like , ever .
Unless you ’re a huge nerd , like myself .
Then you might want to , just for the fun of it .
If it does n’t sound like fun to you , then you can safely say you ’re less of a nerd than me .
Phone users in eastern Ontario and regions surrounding Montreal will get new area codes starting in mid-2010 , an organization representing telecommunications companies said Tuesday .
The Telecommunications Alliance , made up of most of the major Canadian phone players , said the changes are necessary because of the spiralling use of mobile phones and other communication devices .
" Phone numbers were starting to run out in some areas , and new area codes have to be created to meet demand .
Adding a new area code enables more than seven million new numbers to be created , " the group said in a press release .
Ottawa area
Under the plan , Ottawa and some surrounding communities , such as Kingston , that already have the 613 prefix will now get 343 dialing code for new numbers , starting on May 17 .
Users in the region already need to dial 10 digits to complete local phone calls .
The plan means that as new numbers in the existing 613 area code get assigned to devices and those numbers run out , new users will receive the 343 area code .
Communities affected in this region of Ontario include :
Trenton .
Belleville .
Brockville .
Cornwall .
Ottawa .
In Quebec
Similarly , customers currently in the 450 code area will get 579 for new numbers , beginning Aug. 21 .
Communities affected include , among others :
Lachute .
Joliette .
Granby .
Mont - Tremblant .
Montreal has a 514 area code and will not be affected by the change .
" The growing popularity of new communications services and technologies has led to a dramatic increase in the demand for phone numbers in several regions across Canada , " the alliance said .
Dealing with more users
Many parts of Canada and the United States already have 10 - digit dialing for local calls .
The Canadian Numbering Administration , which looks after number plans across Canada , surveys phone companies annually to determine if a particular community needs a new area code to handle its communications needs .
The administration then gives the data to the Canadian Radio - television and Telecommunications Commission , which decides whether to impose new numbers in an area .
" So , in a word , it is the CRTC that makes the decision , " said Glenn Pilley , the administration 's director .
There 's a lot more to District 9 than just exploding Tesla guns .
Did you know one actor played all the aliens , plus some major scenes were improvised ?
We list the top things you should know about the new alien epic .
Advertisement
After the District 9 roundtable and a one - on - one with director Neill Blomkamp , we found out a lot about what went on behind the scenes while making the alien feature .
And some of the District 9 fact we uncovered may shock you , all quotes are from Blomkamp :
One actor plays all of the talking aliens .
It 's only one actor who plays every alien , it 's Jason Cope .
He plays every single alien .
Advertisement
Most , if not all , of the alien interaction and dialogue with Wikus during the eviction scene was improvised by Jason Cope or the actor Sharlto Copely ( Wikus ) .
So we would film the two of them and then we would go to a different shack .
And he 'd pretend to evict a new alien .
Then we'd go somewhere else and somewhere else .
So it was just the two of them .
It 's the conversations between those two , the actual dialogue and what actually came out of them was totally improved .
Any details in words and the language between the two happened right there on the day of shooting .
That what makes it feel like they are really communicating ...
But stuff like when he walks up in to the shack and says , " this is a gang sign , we 're in a gang area right here , " we would draw the sign on the wall and he would randomly say it 's a gang area .
And that meant because he 's walking up to a shack that has an alien in it with a whole story that we 've written with those guys distilling their fluid and I 'm like , " that 's interesting you just said that the supporting alien character is a gangster . "
But if it works , we keep going .
The District 9 alien homes were actually shot in a recently evacuated area of impoverished housing .
The homes you see the aliens getting evicted from were homes that humans had recently been kicked out of , for real .
There was a very weird cross over between the film and the reality of filming .
We filmed in an area called Chiawelo , which is a suburb of Soweto , which is sort of a suburb of Johannesburg .
And there is this thing in Africa called RDP housing , which are government - subsidised housing .
Where they will build you a brick house in a different area of the city .
And you get put put on a waiting list if you 're a South African impoverished resident , until you are able to get one of these houses .
So the area we filmed the movie in , what plays as District 9 , every single resident in that area was being removed to be put into RDP housing .
Although not all of them had been given the green light on the RDP housing , most of them had , but all of them were going to be moved , whether they liked it or not .
So we ended up with this open piece of land with all these shacks on it ... each day we came to set , there were fewer and fewer people .
Advertisement
As you may know , District 9 was inspired by Neill Blomkamp 's short film Alive In Joburg .
But what many people do n't realize is that he created Alive In Joburg 's footage of people being interviewed about aliens , by using real interviews .
I was asking black South Africans about black Nigerians and Zimbabweans .
That 's actually where the idea came from was there are aliens living in South Africa , I asked " What do you feel about Zimbabwean Africans living here ? "
And those answers — they were n't actors , those are real answers ...
The " Prawn " are from the Andromeda Galaxy .
I think that they [ the Prawn ] do have a home planet , it 's pretty far away probably in the Andromeda Galaxy , but what I like is that they 'll live on the ship for thousands of years .
Obviously , there 's much more of a population on the main planet , but the ships will go out and get the minerals and the ore and whatever resources they need and then bring them all back home .
Orin Kerr , August 29 , 2009 at 11:15 pm ]
Trackbacks Lori Drew Opinion Handed Down -- Judge Grants Motion To Dismiss on Vagueness Grounds :
Late yesterday , Judge
Wu finally handed down his opinion .
The reasoning of the opinion is that whatever unauthorized access means , it cannot mean mere violation of Terms of Service without more .
Such a reading of the statute would render the statute unconstitutionally void for vagueness because it would give the government almost unlimited power to prosecute any Internet user and would n't give citizens sufficient notice as to what of their Internet conduct was criminal .
I 'll probably have some more comments on the opinion soon , but for now I just wanted to post it so others could see it .
As you might guess , given all the pro bono efforts I put into this case , I am very pleased by the result .
This was an extremely important test case for the scope of the computer crime statutes , with tremendously high stakes for the civil liberties of every Internet user .
I feel fortunate to have been able to
Finally , I 'm working on a draft article on the use of vagueness and overbreadth to challenge overly broad interpretations of 18 U.S.C. 1030 , along the lines of the arguments we made ( and Judge Wu accepted ) in the Drew case .
I 'll post the draft when I have something ready enough to share .
Related Posts ( on one page ) : Lori Drew Opinion : Lori Drew Opinion Handed Down -- Judge Grants Motion To Dismiss on Vagueness Grounds : Readers who are following the Lori Drew case know that back on July 2 , Judge Wu " tentatively " ruled that he was going to overturn the jury verdict .
At the time , however , Judge Wu stressed that his decision was not final , and that he would eventually issue an opinion with his final ruling .
Late yesterday , Judge
Wu finally handed down his opinion .
You can read it here : United States v. Lori Drew , Final Opinion .
Judge
Wu did in fact grant the defense motion to dismiss , ending the prosecution against Drew and overturning her misdemeanor convictions .
( To my surprise , it seems that Friday 's final ruling in the case has been entirely ignored by the press ; I could n't find any reference to it on the web . )
The reasoning of the opinion is that whatever unauthorized access means , it cannot mean mere violation of Terms of Service without more .
Such a reading of the statute would render the statute unconstitutionally void for vagueness because it would give the government almost unlimited power to prosecute any Internet user and would n't give citizens sufficient notice as to what of their Internet conduct was criminal .
I 'll probably have some more comments on the opinion soon , but for now I just wanted to post it so others could see it .
As you might guess , given all the pro bono efforts I put into this case , I am very pleased by the result .
This was an extremely important test case for the scope of the computer crime statutes , with tremendously high stakes for the civil liberties of every Internet user .
I feel fortunate to have been able to argue the motion in January , and to have done what I could to bring about the correct result .
Finally , I 'm working on a draft article on the use of vagueness and overbreadth to challenge overly broad interpretations of 18 U.S.C. 1030 , along the lines of the arguments we made ( and Judge Wu accepted ) in the Drew case .
I 'll post the draft when I have something ready enough to share .
It has been my honor and pleasure to serve Texas and its citizens as a county court judge , a district court judge and a prosecutor .
When I represent you , you can depend on me to protect your rights , to provide personal , professional service , and to defend your future to the best of my ability .
More about Bill Baskette >
The Pitfalls of Positive Thinking
By Gina Simmons , Ph.D .
In an old Saturday Night Live skit the character , Stuart Smalley , played by Al Franken , repeats the daily positive affirmation , “ I ’m good enough , I ’m smart enough , and doggonit people like me . ”
From Norman Vincent Peale ’s 1952 best seller , The Power of Positive Thinking , to Rhonda Byrne ’s brilliantly marketed 2006 release of The Secret , writers have stoked the seductive belief that by focusing thoughts toward the positive one can achieve anything .
Over the past two decades we ’ve counseled numerous people dancing through foreclosures , bankruptcies and business failures caused by excessive optimism .
Stressed out loved ones drag them to counseling in hopes of a healthy infusion of realism to stop the next catastrophic loss .
In 1996 Allen Greenspan coined the term “ irrational exuberance ” referring to soaring asset values that could painfully contract ( as anyone who ’s owned stock since the 1990 ’s knows ) .
The old wisdom , “ save for a rainy day ” and “ do n’t count your chickens before they ’ve hatched ” has been replaced by , “ You are a magnet attracting to you all things , via the signal you are emitting through your thoughts and feelings . ”
In our counseling and anger management classes we recommend substituting self hypnotizing statements that fuel anger like , “ I ca n’t take this any more ” with positive statements such as , “ I can calm myself down and find a solution . ”
Rather than whipping up a toxic lather of foaming - at - the - mouth anger , this strategy encourages self calming behavior .
Positive thinking toward a realistic goal leads to greater success– but not because the thoughts have magical properties .
According to research by Dr. Martin Seligman , optimistic thinkers tend to persist through frustration when pessimists tend to give up .
Positive thinking gets you off the couch doing something to make your life better .
A recent study published in Psychological Science found that people with low self - esteem suffer more when told to use affirmations like , “ I ’m a lovable person ” because the affirmation just confirms their low opinion of themselves .
If you have low self esteem it ’s better to motivate yourself to act towards small achievable goals .
Maybe you do n’t love yourself , but you love your garden .
Take pride in cultivating the garden .
Then tell yourself , realistically , “ I am good at gardening . ”
Dr. Seligman suggests that pessimism provides some benefits .
It can keep us from taking extreme risks .
Excessive positive thinking can prevent a realistic appraisal of the risks / benefits of an action .
Ever talked to a gambler after a Las Vegas vacation ?
Gamblers count wins , but seem vague about losses .
Positive thinking can often conceal the addict ’s denial .
As Keenen Ivory Wayans quipped , “ Slot machines are like crack for old people . ”
A healthy dose of pessimism might inoculate the gambling addict from catching Keno flu .
Does this mean we should shun all positive thoughts for the “ Bah! Humbug ! ” of Ebenezer Scrooge ?
Researchers have found that optimists achieve more , live longer , have better health , relationships , and even better survival rates with some cancers .
One way to get the benefit of both optimism and pessimism is to practice a flexible optimism .
If the costs of a failure are serious or potentially deadly ( could get AIDS , go bankrupt , die ) then think pessimistically .
If the costs of failure are minor ( might get embarrassed , could lose a few dollars ) then power up your positive thinking and press on .
You might just write the next best seller .
This is the sixth in a series of blog posts I ’m doing on the upcoming VS 2010 and .NET 4 release .
Today ’s post covers another useful improvement in VS 2010 – HTML / ASP.NET / JavaScript snippet support .
Snippets allow you to be more productive within source view by allowing you to create chunks of code and markup that you can quickly apply and use in your application with a minimum of character typing .
Visual Studio has supported the concept of “ snippets ” for VB and C# in previous releases – but not for HTML , ASP.NET markup and JavaScript .
With VS 2010 we now support snippets for these content types as well .
Using ASP.NET Snippets
Let ’s walkthrough how we can use snippets to quickly implement a common security scenario .
Specifically , we ’ll implement the functionality necessary to display either a “ [ Login ] ” link or a “ [ Welcome UserName ] ” message at the the top right of a site depending on whether or not the user is logged in :
The above functionality is automatically added for you when you create a project using the new ASP .
NET Project Starter Template in VS 2010 .
For the purpose of this walkthrough , though , we ’ll assume we are starting with a blank master page and will build it entirely from scratch .
We ’ll start by adding a standard < div > element to a master page , and then position our cursor within it :
We are going to use the built - in < asp:loginview > control to help implement our scenario .
The < asp:loginview > control is a templated control ( first introduced with ASP.
NET 2.0 ) that allows us to easily switch between “ Anonymous ” and “ LoggedIn ” templates that automatically display depending on whether the user is authenticated .
Rather than type the < asp: loginview > markup manually , we ’ll instead use the new snippet support in VS 2010 .
Typing in “ < log ” in the editor will bring up intellisense and display available elements , controls and code snippets that start with those characters .
We ’ll select the built - in “ loginview ” code snippet from the above list and hit the “ tab ” key to complete it :
Now that we ’ve selected the snippet we want to use , we can hit the “ tab ” key again to execute the snippet – which will cause it to immediately replace the snippet name with the markup below .
Notice below the snippet added a new < asp:loginview > control for us and automatically defined the two most commonly used templates on it .
We were able to implement that all with just 6 keystrokes ( 4 keystrokes to type “ < log ” , and then 2 tab keystrokes ) .
We ’ll now implement the “ AnonymousTemplate ” .
Typing in “ < a ” in the editor will being up intellisense and display available elements and code - snippets we can use :
We ’ll select the built - in “ a ” code snippet from the above list and hit the “ tab ” key to complete it .
When we hit tab again it will execute the snippet – which will cause it to replace the snippet name with the markup below :
The “ href ” attribute attribute value and the inner content of the < a > element above are highlighted with a green background color .
This indicates that these values are replaceable parameters and that we can automatically tab between them when filling them out – avoiding the need to use the cursor keys or touch the mouse ( making things much faster ) .
Without having to move our cursor or mouse , we can begin typing the login page URL we want to send users to if they are not authenticated on the site :
When done , we can hit the “ tab ” key and VS will automatically highlight the second content parameter in the editor for us ( no manual cursor movement or mouse action required ) :
We can then type the text we want displayed ( again without having to move the mouse or touch a cursor key ) :
Once done with the “ < AnonymousTemplate > ” we can move onto the " < LoggedInTemplate > ” .
We ’ll type “ < log ” in the editor to bring up intellisense – and select the built - in “ loginname ” snippet :
When we hit tab it will execute the snippet – which will cause it to replace the snippet with the markup below :
The “ FormatString ” property value above was automatically populated for us with a default welcome text message .
The value is also automatically highlighted in case we want to change it ( without having to move the mouse or cursor keys ) .
For this sample we ’ll just keep the default text .
Our final markup then looks like below :
When we run our application the above markup will display a “ [ Login ] ” link when we are n’t authenticated :
When we are logged in we ’ll see a welcome string like below :
The total number of key strokes to implement this entire scenario is less than 15 % of what we would previously have had to type .
Typing fast , I found I could implement the entire scenario in less than 15 seconds :-)
ASP.NET MVC Snippets
Built - in snippets are available for all ASP.
NET controls and HTML markup elements .
Built - in snippets are also available for common ASP .
NET MVC view scenarios , and for the built - in ASP .
NET MVC HTML helpers .
For example , we can type “ < act ” within a ASP .
NET MVC view and select the “ actionlink ” snippet :
When we complete it and hit the “ tab ” key the snippet will execute – which will cause it to replace the snippet name with the markup below :
Notice that the “ linktext ” and “ actionname ” values are marked as snippet parameters – which means we can easily replace them without having to use the cursor keys or touch the mouse .
The first linktext parameter value is selected by default – which means we can just type to immediately replace the value , then hit tab to immediately select and replace the second actionname parameter :
Custom Snippets
Visual Studio 2010 will include more than 200 built - in snippets that you can immediately use when you install the product .
What is really nice is that you are not limited to only using the built - in snippets .
You can also easily create your own snippets ( complete with replaceable parameters ) and both import them into VS 2010 , as well as easily share them with other developers .
This makes it easy for you to quickly automate your own common tasks .
This article describes the snippet support that already exists in VS 2008 , and provides a little more context on how to create and manage custom snippets .
Summary
Snippets are a useful feature that enable you to reduce keystrokes within the editor , and allow you to complete scenarios and tasks much faster .
Having snippets now enabled in not just VB and C# , but also in HTML , ASP.NET and JavaScript files , makes this capability even more useful – and can make you even more productive .
Hope this helps ,
Scott
P.S. In addition to blogging , I have been using Twitter more recently to - do quick posts and share links .
You can follow me on Twitter at : http://www.twitter.com/scottgu
( @scottgu is my twitter name )
President Obama took to the conservative airwaves Thursday to charge that Republican leaders are engaged in a vast right - wing conspiracy to kill health care reform in order to repeat the 1994 mid-term takeover of Congress , which followed the defeat of President Clinton ’s reform plan .
“ I think early on , a decision was made by the Republican leadership that said , ‘ Look , let ’s not give him a victory , maybe we can have a replay of 1993 , ‘ 94 , when Clinton came in , he failed on health care and then we won in the mid-term elections and we got the majority .
And I think there are some folks who are taking a page out that playbook , ” the president said .
Appearing on the Michael Smerconish radio show , Mr. Obama said he would “ love to have more Republicans engaged and involved in this process , ” but he vowed to win the battle , with or without support from the minority party in Congress .
RELATED STORIES :
• Flustered Obama a ‘ wee ’ bit touchy during dog days
• Remember Iowa , Obama tells supporters
• Dems prepare to push health care without GOP
• ‘ Clunkers ’ program runs out of gas
“ I guarantee you , Joe , we are going to get health care reform done , ” he said to one caller .
“ I know there are a lot of people out there who ’ve been handwringing , and folks in the press are following every little twist and turn of the legislative process , but having a big bill like this is always messy . ”
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
By Sudeep Chand
Science reporter , BBC News
Patches may repair the damage from heart attacks A team of Israeli scientists has developed a potential way to fix the damage from heart attacks .
A " patch " has been made from heart muscle that can be used to fix scarring left over from a heart attack .
Writing in the journal PNAS , the scientists describe how the technique strengthened the hearts of rats that had suffered heart attacks .
The " patch " was grown in abdominal tissue first , then transplanted to damaged areas of the heart .
This experiment is the first to show that such patches can actually improve the health of a heart after it has been damaged .
The scientists measured an increase in the size of the muscle in damaged areas , and improved conduction of the electrical impulses needed for the heart to pump normally .
Heart failure Heart attacks usually cause irreversible damage to heart muscle .
If people survive , then the damaged muscle can cause another serious condition called heart failure .
It is hoped that the procedure may eventually lead to treatments in humans because of its " simplicity and safety " , the authors - led by Tal Dvir from Ben-Gurion University of the Negev in Beer - Sheva - wrote in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) .
However , they added that " because most patients with heart attacks are old , and multiple surgery can pose a large risk to them , our strategy is not currently an option " .
Ellen Mason , senior cardiac nurse at the British Heart Foundation ( BHF ) , told BBC News : " In the last decade there has been significant research into injecting cells , including stem cells , into the heart to try and repair the damaged area .
" This study was in animals , but may help scientists better understand how to repair damaged human hearts in the future . "
The technique is also being developed for livers and bladders .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Article 1 , Section 8 , Clause 8
Document 12
Thomas Jefferson to Isaac McPherson
13 Aug. 1813
Writings 13:333--35
It has been pretended by some , ( and in England especially , ) that inventors have a natural and exclusive right to their inventions , and not merely for their own lives , but inheritable to their heirs .
But while it is a moot question whether the origin of any kind of property is derived from nature at all , it would be singular to admit a natural and even an hereditary right to inventors .
It is agreed by those who have seriously considered the subject , that no individual has , of natural right , a separate property in an acre of land , for instance .
By an universal law , indeed , whatever , whether fixed or movable , belongs to all men equally and in common , is the property for the moment of him who occupies it , but when he relinquishes the occupation , the property goes with it .
Stable ownership is the gift of social law , and is given late in the progress of society .
It would be curious then , if an idea , the fugitive fermentation of an individual brain , could , of natural right , be claimed in exclusive and stable property .
If nature has made any one thing less susceptible than all others of exclusive property , it is the action of the thinking power called an idea , which an individual may exclusively possess as long as he keeps it to himself ; but the moment it is divulged , it forces itself into the possession of every one , and the receiver cannot dispossess himself of it .
Its peculiar character , too , is that no one possesses the less , because every other possesses the whole of it .
He who receives an idea from me , receives instruction himself without lessening mine ; as he who lights his taper at mine , receives light without darkening me .
That ideas should freely spread from one to another over the globe , for the moral and mutual instruction of man , and improvement of his condition , seems to have been peculiarly and benevolently designed by nature , when she made them , like fire , expansible over all space , without lessening their density in any point , and like the air in which we breathe , move , and have our physical being , incapable of confinement or exclusive appropriation .
Inventions then cannot , in nature , be a subject of property .
Society may give an exclusive right to the profits arising from them , as an encouragement to men to pursue ideas which may produce utility , but this may or may not be done , according to the will and convenience of the society , without claim or complaint from anybody .
Accordingly , it is a fact , as far as I am informed , that England was , until we copied her , the only country on earth which ever , by a general law , gave a legal right to the exclusive use of an idea .
In some other countries it is sometimes done , in a great case , and by a special and personal act , but , generally speaking , other nations have thought that these monopolies produce more embarrassment than advantage to society ; and it may be observed that the nations which refuse monopolies of invention , are as fruitful as England in new and useful devices .
Considering the exclusive right to invention as given not of natural right , but for the benefit of society , I know well the difficulty of drawing a line between the things which are worth to the public the embarrassment of an exclusive patent , and those which are not .
As a member of the patent board for several years , while the law authorized a board to grant or refuse patents , I saw with what slow progress a system of general rules could be matured .
The Founders ' Constitution
Volume 3 , Article 1 , Section 8 , Clause 8 , Document 12
http://press-pubs.uchicago.edu/founders/documents/a1_8_8s12.html
The University of Chicago Press
The Writings of Thomas Jefferson .
Edited by Andrew A. Lipscomb and Albert Ellery Bergh. 20 vols .
Washington : Thomas Jefferson Memorial Association , 1905 .
It 's searing hot , but there 's some pleasantness about the stone - flagged path rising from the centre of Silwan , Jerusalem .
Maybe it 's the breeze , or the stone houses oozing coolness into the air , or maybe it's the wide - open mountain landscape .
There are three of us – Ilan , the director , Michael , the cameraman and me , the interviewee .
We 're making a film on the blatant institutional discrimination against the residents of this Palestinian east - Jerusalem neighbourhood ; authorities favour the Jewish settlers who are not hiding their desire to Judaise the neighbourhood , to void it of its Palestinian character .
Even before we position the camera , a group of orthodox Jewish girls , aged about eight to 10 , come walking up the path in their ankle - long skirts , pretty , chattering , carefree .
One of them slows down beside us , and pleasantly asks us if we want to film her .
What would you like to tell us , we ask .
I want to say that Jerusalem belongs to us Jews , she says as she walks on , only it 's a pity there are Arabs here .
The messiah will only come when there is n't a single Arab left here .
She walks on , and her girlfriends giggle and rejoin her .
Two minutes later a young , well - built young man comes up , carrying a weapon and a radio , without any uniform or tag upon his clothes .
Even before he opens his mouth I 'm already guessing he 's a security guard , an employee of the private security contractor operated by settlers but sponsored by the housing ministry at an annual budget of NIS 40 m ( £ 4.6 m ) .
This security company has long since become a private militia policing the entire neighbourhood and intimidating the Palestinian residents without any legal basis whatsoever .
A committee set up by a housing minister determined that this arrangement was to cease , and the security of both Palestinian and Jewish residents must be handed over to the Israeli national police .
The government endorsed the committee 's conclusions in 2006 , but recanted six months later , under settler pressure .
The private security contractor went on operating .
What are you doing here , the guy asks us .
What are you doing here , I reply .
I 'm a security guard , now tell me what are you doing here , he says , growing more irate .
It 's none of your business , I reply .
What 's your name , he asks .
What 's your name , I answer .
It does n't matter , he says , I 'm a security guard .
So my name does n't matter either , I reply .
The security guy , visibly annoyed , resorts to conversing with his radio .
If we were Palestinians , we'd have cleared the street at first notice .
That 's the unwritten rule .
But we are Hebrew - speaking Israelis .
It 's a problem .
The operation centre apparently explains our man that we 're on public ground and there 's little he can do about it .
He positions himself nearby with his gun , not leaving us the entire trip .
We move on .
A few minutes later two teenage girls , aged 17 or 18 , come walking up the path .
They 're not orthodox , and one can see that they 're not local .
One of them stops in front of the camera .
Film me , she pleads .
Would you like to be interviewed , we ask .
She says yes .
She 's from the town of Gan Yavne , and came to visit Jerusalem , City of David .
Why here , we ask .
Because this is where King David was , she says .
It 's a very important place for the Jewish people .
It 's such a shame there are Arabs here , though .
But very soon all the Arabs will be dead , God willing , and all of Jerusalem will be ours .
She walks on .
Two minutes pass by , and an ultra-orthodox Jewish family comes striding up the path .
The husband , all in black , asks Ilan : say , do both Jews and Arabs live in this neighbourhood ?
Both Palestinians and Jews , Ilan replies , but most residents are Palestinians .
It 's only temporary , the ultra-Orthodox man reassures him , pretty soon there wo n't be a single Arab left here .
I exchanged glances with Ilan and Michael .
We 've been here for less than 15 minutes , we have n't asked anyone on what they feel about Arabs or the future of Jerusalem , we only stood for a short while in the street .
Hate flowed toward us like a river to the sea , freely , naturally .
Do you think , I ask Ilan , that we 'll run into someone who'll say something positive , something human , something kind about human beings ?
Forget human , Ilan replies , I wonder if we 'll run into someone who'll be content to just say something nice about the clear Jerusalem air .
Silwan .
Remember that name .
Its violence will soon overshadow that of Hebron .
This article was originally published in Hebrew on the Israeli blog Haokets .
English translation by Dimi Reider .
LONDON , England ( CNN ) --
A campaigner for a British grandmother on death row in Texas made a unique plea for her life Thursday -- from atop a plinth in London 's Trafalgar Square .
Brian Capaloff uses his slot on the plinth in Trafalgar Square to campaign for clemency for Linda Carty .
Linda Carty , 51 , recorded her message this week from the prison in Gatesville , where she is serving her sentence , as part of an effort to win clemency .
Campaigners say Carty 's trial was " catastrophically flawed " and that her court - appointed lawyer failed to take steps that could have at least spared her the death penalty .
An appeal is pending in the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals .
" I 'm sorry if I sound like a desperate woman , " she said on the tape .
" I am desperate .
The British people may be my last hope . "
A Scottish man who has taken an interest in Carty 's case played her seven - minute recording over and over for an hour while standing atop one of Trafalgar Square 's large statue bases , or plinths .
He held up placards with messages from Carty and stood in front of a life - size cardboard cutout of her .
Do you think the campaign will have any effect ?
Send us your comments
" Please listen and tell everyone you know , " Carty said in her message .
" Please do n't let me die here . "
A contest currently under way in London allows members of the public to win an hour atop the empty plinth in Trafalgar Square .
Winners can do anything during their hour that they like -- perform , demonstrate , speak , or simply be silent .
Brian Capaloff , 46 , who works for a local government homelessness service in Scotland , won a slot but could n't think of what he would do during his hour .
He said he asked Reprieve , a British charity that he supports , whether he could do anything for them , and they suggested he focus on Carty 's case .
" I thought that was the most important thing of all -- to stop someone who is not guilty beyond a reasonable doubt , who I believe is innocent , of being executed , " Capaloff told CNN .
It 's " just an unbelievable injustice . "
He said he hoped his demonstration would lead people to inquire about the case and ask their members of Parliament to do the same .
" Linda Carty 's speech to Trafalgar Square shows that she is a terrified woman , and with good reason , " said Clive Stafford Smith , director of Reprieve .
" Texas plans to kill her by lethal injection , which is a painful and lonely death . "
He added : " The British government must do everything in its power to prevent Linda 's death . "
The British Foreign Office has filed two amicus briefs in Carty 's case complaining that Britain was not notified of her original arrest , said a Foreign Office spokesman , who declined to be named in line with policy .
The first was in 2006 with a U.S. district court in Texas and the second was in May of this year with the federal appeals court .
The Foreign Office is also in close touch with Carty and her legal representatives , the spokesman said .
" We 're continuing to provide her with consular assistance , " he said .
" We 've also made the U.S. aware of our stance ( against ) the death penalty . "
Carty was convicted of taking part in the May 2001 murder of Joana Rodriguez , a 25 - year - old Texas woman , Reprieve said .
Rodriguez and her 4 - day - old son were abducted by men demanding drugs and cash ; she later suffocated while her son survived .
Prosecutors said Carty had hired the men to kidnap Rodriguez so she could steal her baby because , even though Carty had given birth to children in the past , she was no longer able to get pregnant , Reprieve said .
Carty , who asserts her innocence , was sentenced to death in February 2002 .
Reprieve said Carty 's court - appointed lawyer was incompetent .
The lawyer failed to meet Carty until immediately before the trial , failed to spot flaws and inconsistencies in the prosecution 's case , failed to interview witnesses and did not look at key mitigating evidence , Reprieve said .
" My lawyer told me he was too busy to work on my case , " Carty said in her recording .
Carty was born on the Caribbean island of St. Kitts to Anguillan parents and holds a British passport , Reprieve said .
She worked as a primary school teacher in St. Kitts , a former British colony , until she was 23 and later moved to Texas .
" After her conviction , investigators from Reprieve visited St. Kitts and learned that Linda was still remembered as a passionate teacher who frequently held extra classes for children with special needs .
She also taught at Sunday school , sang in a national youth choir and led a volunteer social - work group , " Reprieve said .
" This information would have enabled ( her lawyer ) to present her to the jurors as a dedicated teacher and community leader -- factors that might well have induced them to vote to spare her life . "
Carty worked as a confidential informant for the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency during the 1980s , befriending suspected traffickers to get information and sometimes to make test purchases of drugs , Reprieve said .
Carty believes that she was framed because of her work with the agency , Reprieve said .
Lawyers for Carty have lodged an appeal with the appeals court court in New Orleans , Louisiana , Reprieve said .
If the court rejects her appeal , an execution date will be set , the charity said .
Capaloff said he had a lump in his throat when he arrived at Trafalgar Square for his demonstration .
" This is about someone 's life and there 's nothing more important than that , " he told CNN .
" It is an emotional thing . "
Only three of Trafalgar Square 's four plinths have statues on top .
The fourth plinth never had a statue and has stood empty for years , with specially commissioned artworks occasionally being featured on top .
This year , sculptor Antony Gormley came up with the idea to have people stand atop the plinth as a sort of living monument .
Thousands applied for the chance to occupy the plinth .
The project runs 24 hours a day .
It began in July and is set to end in October .
On Saturday evening , Avast displayed a malware warning as I loaded a nytimes.com article .
After some digging , here ’s the malware I found .
Ad Delivery
nytimes.com article pages include an ad placement with the HTML DOM ID adxBigAd .
From loading a few articles , they seem to rotate between a banner and an iframe .
On this article , a 300x250 iframe was inlining this URL : tradenton.com slash ?id=21610438 ( note : I do n’t recommend visiting it , and URLs are not linked where possible ) .
A comment gave the campaign ID as Vonage01_1163613_nyt12 , though it was obviously unrelated to Vonage .
tradenton.com was registered Sept. 2 , 2009 , so it may have had a previous owner .
Injection
tradenton.com serves a 15 - line HTML snipped containing this JavaScript :
As anyone who has looked at phishing links knows , this is nasty on a couple levels .
It ’s eval ( ) ‘ing escaped code , which is almost never needed to serve an ad .
Note that the variable action_URL is defined but never used .
After unescaping the code , this is what ’s being run :
What ’s served by harlingens.com slash includes02.js ?
Aha !
The eval ’ed JavaScript is requesting a second Javascript , which hits action_URL :
Malware
Now we ’re talking .
Requesting that action_UR on sex - and - the - city .cn actually serves a HTTP 302 Redirect to protection - check07.com slash 1/?sess=%3DGQx3jzwMi02MyZpcD0yMDguNzUuNTcuMTIxJnRpbWU9MTI1NjgwMI0MaQ%3DN
.
And we hit pay dirt .
It ’s a fake page for a non-existent antivirus app , which is actually malware .
Titled “ My computer Online Scan ” , this page displays this JS alert :
Then resizes the browser window into a full - screen application - style , as if it had become a virus scanner .
Some highlights from the static content and JS on this page :
Dont close this window , if your want you PC to be protected .
353 trojans
You need to remove this threat as soon as possible !
Scan procedures finished .
431 Probably harmfull items was found !
Here ’s a screen shot :
Here ’s full HTML source in a gist viewer .
As usual , these phishers have n’t sprung for spelling or grammar checkers .
The page also uses IP - based geocoding by inlining its own iframe called geoip .
php , which has city - level granularity ( though it was off by 1,000 miles for me ) .
The “ Full System Cleanup ” link goes to / download.php?id=2006-63 on the same server , which serves a file called Scanner - b4ba2_2006-63.exe .
That redirects to / download / Scanner - b4ba2_2006-63.exe , a static file with the checksum 6c5b5669151337ca51ec45b1f5785d02 .
Running strings on this 167 KB program – too small for any virus scanner – has it requesting administrator privileges , though I have n’t done detailed forensics .
Notes
Banks are significantly overvaluing assets to be included in the government 's insurance scheme , which could leave the taxpayer footing the bill for any shortfall , experts have warned .
Property loans – which will be part of the £ 575bn government 's asset protection scheme ( APS ) to ring - fence the most toxic assets of Lloyds Banking Group and Royal Bank of Scotland – will be dated as of the end of December 2008 although commercial real estate values have fallen by just over 10 % since then , according to data from the consultancy Investment Property Databank .
Matthew Oakeshott , the Liberal Democrat Treasury spokesman , said : " The APS is a ticking time - bomb for the British taxpayer .
These poisonous property loans must have an independent , up - to - date valuation in accordance with the Rics [ Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors ] valuation 'red book ' when taxpayers actually go on the hook .
" If not , the APS will be a fraud on the British taxpayer – just like someone insuring a car after it has crashed . "
Oakeshott is writing a letter to the chancellor , Alistair Darling , raising his concerns about what he called " taxpayers being stung in an APS cover - up " .
According to him , Britain should follow the Irish government , which is contracting independent valuers to put a price on banks ' property loans before they go into a so - called " bad bank " .
Governments around the world have designed programmes to insure , protect or ring - fence toxic assets to help re-establish confidence in the financial system and encourage banks to start lending again .
RBS is putting about £ 60bn of commercial property loans into the APS , out of a total £ 315 bn of assets , while Lloyds ' property loans in the scheme mount to £ 90bn , out of an overall £ 260bn , according to Credit Suisse estimates .
Industry specialists say any insured asset should be priced as realistically as possible .
David Lovett , managing director of the restructuring firm Alix Partners , said : " The assets to be transferred should be valued at the date of transfer ; it has to be at that date to ensure there is an accurate assessment and the issue has been resolved .
" To have a valuation of any other date has the potential for distorting the claim and creating an over - or an underpayment for the claim , " he said .
The government and the banks , however , claim the valuation date goes back to the end of last year because that is when coverage of the losses started .
The taxpayer will pay 90 % of any losses suffered by the two partially nationalised banks after a first loss to be taken by the banks .
Ann Cairns , managing director at the restructuring firm Alvarez & Marsal , said : " If the government insured portfolios at today 's prices , the insurance would be less expensive for the banks , but the value of that insurance would be limited . "
The banks are paying a fee to the government for insuring their toxic assets and analysts differ over whether they will be forced to shoulder losses above that level .
The government made a £ 25 bn provision for APS - related losses in the budget .
Jonathan Pierce , of Credit Suisse , estimates that the two banks ' losses will not surpass the £ 32bn that the banks are paying the government in fees .
However , he added : " This is highly sensitive to small changes in the proportionate loss rate because the amount of assets is so big and the length of time that the assets are covered . "
Future losses depend on whether the economy recovers quickly enough , with predictions also varying widely .
According to CB Richard Ellis , a real estate consultancy , property prices may only increase by 5 % to 10 % over five years , short of the near - 30 % decline in value since the peak of the market .
BNP Paribas forecasts a rise of about 30 % .
Analysts complain that the scheme has so many uncertainties that it is difficult to predict any outcome .
Final details are not yet ready , after months of negotiations following the initial announcement in February .
A deal may be struck later this month , a source said .
Lloyds is also having second thoughts about it and has been sounding out investors about an alternative rights issue .
Analysts agree that the announcement of the scheme helped calm the markets at a time when bank shares were in freefall .
But since then , the design of the APS has been slow to take shape and has failed to re-ignite inter - bank lending , critics say .
People and firms are still finding it difficult , or expensive , to access finance and encourage economic growth .
Simon Adamson , credit analyst at CreditSights , said : " Clearly , it has taken a long time to put together and there are still a lot of doubts about how and when .
It helped to restore confidence to banks but in terms of stimulating lending , it does n't really seem to have achieved much . "
Oakeshott believes it would be better to be more realistic and take the pain right away .
" Japan 's long agony in the 80s and 90s after a property price crash should teach us one single lesson – it's far better to take the pain up front and move on than trying to hide overvalued property off balance sheet for years on end , " he said .
" Our government must not sweep this £ 500 bn problem under the carpet until after the election . "
British hip - hop artist Lady Sovereign has pleaded guilty to spitting in the face of a Brisbane bouncer and being drunk and disorderly just hours after arriving in Australia .
Louise Amanda Harman , known as Lady Sovereign to music fans , was struggling to stay awake when she appeared in court on Saturday morning .
She was charged with assault shortly after midnight after spitting at a bouncer .
The court heard she had been hysterical , shouting and struggling as she was thrown out of The Beat nightclub in Fortitude Valley .
She was fined $ 400 and ordered to pay $ 200 compensation to the bouncer .
The magistrate told her the court takes spitting seriously because of the health implications .
Lady Sovereign is due to take the stage at the Parklife music festival in Brisbane later today .
Parklife spokeswoman Natalie Giraldo says the organisers are pleased to have their star out of police custody .
NEW ITEMS ADDED WEEKLY PLEASE USE SEARCH BOX TO REFINE YOUR SEARCH !!!
Ever wonder what other countries spend on their military , healthcare , and education ?
Curious to see how the US stacks up to the rest of the world ?
Find out in our article .
Every country spends money differently , but the largest expenditures are typically on defense , health , and education .
Factors like population size and the political environment influence how much is allotted to each category .
As you compare the figures , you ’ll also want to keep in mind the economic situation of the countries listed .
Here are some of the figures we cite to compare the economic health of the nations below :
Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) — the total value of everything produced by all the people and companies in the country over a specified period of time .
GDP per capita — the GDP divided by the population .
Government budget —
Amount government allocates for all expenditure for the year .
Military Spending
Global defense spending is on the rise , especially in Eastern Europe .
To build up the military , a government must either increase revenues , change its the budget or increase the percentage of the GDP used for defense .
Military Spending Around the World ( %GDP ) in 2016
Military spending is important to most nations , with each country spending to its own need and ability .
In North America , Canada spent 1.0 % of its 2016 GDP on military spending , the US spent 3.3 % , and Mexico 0.6 % .
, Canada spent 1.0 % of its 2016 GDP on military spending , the US spent 3.3 % , and Mexico 0.6 % .
In South America , Nicaragua spent 0.5 % of its 2016 GDP on military expenses .
In Columbia , military spending was 3.4 % and Argentina 's military spending was 1.0 % .
, Nicaragua spent 0.5 % of its 2016 GDP on military expenses .
In Columbia , military spending was 3.4 % and Argentina 's military spending was 1.0 % .
Among European countries , military spending has been on the rise .
Norway spent 1.6 % of its budget on military spending , while its neighbor Sweden spends 4.3 % .
In the U.K. , the defense spending was 1.8 % of the country 's GDP .
In Germany , it was 1.2 % .
In France , military spending was 2.3 % , Italy was 1.5 % , and Spain is 1.2 % .
, military spending has been on the rise .
Norway spent 1.6 % of its budget on military spending , while its neighbor Sweden spends 4.3 % .
In the U.K. , the defense spending was 1.8 % of the country 's GDP .
In Germany , it was 1.2 % .
In France , military spending was 2.3 % , Italy was 1.5 % , and Spain is 1.2 % .
In the Middle East , the level of military spending is generally higher than in Europe .
Iran 's military spending was 3.0 % of its GDP and Pakistan was 3.6 % .
Saudi Arabia spent a whopping 9.8 % of its annual GDP on the military .
the level of military spending is generally higher than in Europe .
Iran 's military spending was 3.0 % of its GDP and Pakistan was 3.6 % .
Saudi Arabia spent a whopping 9.8 % of its annual GDP on the military .
In Africa , the military of South Africa used 1.1 % of its GDP and Morocco spent 3.2 % .
, the military of South Africa used 1.1 % of its GDP and Morocco spent 3.2 % .
In Asia , India 's military spending was 2.5 % of its GDP .
Thailand spent 1.4 % and Indonesia spent 0.9 % .
China spent 1.9 % , while Russia spent 5.4 % .
, India 's military spending was 2.5 % of its GDP .
Thailand spent 1.4 % and Indonesia spent 0.9 % .
China spent 1.9 % , while Russia spent 5.4 % .
In the Pacific , Australia spent 2.0 % of its budget on its military .
In 2018 , Europe 's defence spending is also expected to rise by 1.6 % .
Eastern Europe will have the fastest growth of defense spending in the world , nearly doubling spending from 2014 .
Russia 's defense spending will fall for the second year in 2018 , reducing its GDP percentage on the military by 5 % .
Healthcare
Another big ticket item in the budgets of many countries is healthcare .
Although the US spends the most on healthcare per person , it does n't mean that Americans are healthier than those in other developed countries .
In fact , the US does n't crack the top 20 countries with the lowest infant mortality rates .
The US does n't make it on the list of countries with the highest life expectancy rates either .
US adults with chronic conditions very costly
Americans suffer more chronic conditions than other countries including arthritis , asthma or chronic lung disease , diabetes , heart disease , and hypertension .
Of the $ 2.7 trillion annual health care expenditures in the US , 86 % is spent on those with chronic and mental health conditions .
The most recent statistics show that cardiovascular disease averages $ 316.1 billion every year with $ 189.7 billion spent on direct medical expenses and $ 126.4 billion reflecting lost productivity costs .
In 2017 , the total healthcare costs of diabetes was estimated at $ 327 billion .
Caring for those with diabetes takes 1 of every 4 dollars of US healthcare expenditure .
Arthritis , another wide - ranging chronic condition in the US , affects more than 7 million people and is the leading cause of disability .
Total cost for caring for those with arthritis is estimated at $ 65 billion annually .
What is Universal Healthcare ?
The World Health Organization ( WHO ) defines universal health coverage as a system where everyone has access to quality health services and is protected against financial risk incurred while accessing care .
Among the 35 Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) members , 32 out of 35 have passed legislation for universal healthcare .
Germany : German workers pay about 15 % of their monthly salary to universal healthcare , half in paid by employers .
UK : All health services are free to citizens , but the system is almost broke from a funding gap in the billions .
France : Patients pay the doctors upfront and the state reimburses part or all of the bill .
Workers pay a percentage of their salaries to the state funds for reimbursement .
US : The closest the US has come to universal healthcare was 2010's Obamacare , although 26 million Americans remain uninsured .
Total Health Expenditures by Country per person 2016
The average amount spent on health per person in countries comparable to the US was $ 4,908 – just more than half that of the U.S. ( $ 10,348 ) .
United States : $ 10,348
Switzerland : $ 7,919
Germany : $ 5,550
Netherlands : $ 5,385
Austria : $ 5,227
Belgium : $ 4,839
Canada : $ 4,752
Australia : $ 4,708
France : $ 4,600
Japan : $ 4,519
United Kingdom : $ 4,192
Although the US spends the most , healthcare spending has slowed down more than other developed countries .
The US also spends more from the private sector than the public sector on healthcare .
The last big government expense is education .
Schools that provide daily studies for children until the age of 16 can be very costly , but it is n't just the amount a country spends to educate its students that reveals their priority , sometimes the percentage of the GDP reserved for education is better indicator .
For example , in the most recent available statistics from 2014 , Mexico falls in the top 10 of countries that spend the least amount ( $ 3,049 per student per year ) on education , but in terms of how much of its GDP is spent on education , it falls into the top 10 highest with 2.0 % .
Countries that Spend the Highest and Lowest Percentage of GDP on Education A recent study by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) found that 85 % of young adults ( aged 25 to 34 ) in member countries had finished high school in 2017 .
Just under half have gone on to a post - secondary education .
Countries with the highest number of young adults with university degrees are : Korea ( 70 % ) , Canada ( 61 % ) , Russia ( 60 % ) Japan ( 60 % ) , Lithuania ( 55 % ) and Ireland ( 52 % ) .
Best Countries for Education
The percentage of GDP spent on education does not guarantee a higher ranking for countries with best education systems .
In a global survey released last year by Y&R , BAV , The Wharton School and US News had some interesting results in terms of how education systems in different countries are perceived .
Respondents were asked to rank the countries on three considerations : well - developed public education system , would consider attending a university there , and provides top quality education .
The top five countries were :
1.UK .
Education is mandatory from ages 5 - 16 , and students are taught a national curriculum comprised of four educational stages .
The UK has several highly respected universities and learning institutions .
2. US .
Students attend kindergarten through high school for free , and about 70 % choose to go on to post - secondary education .
The US has several highly respected universities .
3. Canada .
Free primary and secondary education is mandatory until the age of 16 .
Students are taught in English or French , and can attend public or Catholic schools .
After high school , students can attend a university or college based on the schools ' acceptance .
4. Germany .
The concept of kindergarten was developed in Germany , so it 's no surprise education is important to its people .
German student attend primary school in four grades and then take one of three tracks to higher education : college - bound , secondary school or trade school .
5. France .
Education is mandatory from ages 6 - 16 , and all students study a national curriculum that is steeped in philosophy .
Graduates are all expected to write a philosophy paper .
Why Government Spending Matters
We should all be aware of how our government handles the country 's money .
The federal budget establishes the spending priorities of the country and affects every one of its citizens .
Economic health drives policy makers and influences the lives of everyone .
The magic behind free and open source software ( or FOSS ) comes from a few people who are freely giving to society part of their work .
Free software often start as projects fulfilling a personal need , then a community may grow around the project because it seems useful to them .
Some of these people may eventually contribute to the project .
After the working product is released freely to everyone , it becomes difficult to define the bounds of the community gathered around the software because anyone can be part of it .
There is an amplification effect caused by the very low barriers to the distribution of the software to whoever needs it .
This amplification is what enables you to get and use this software free of change , and better yet , with almost no restrictions .
You can read about the GNU General Public License to get a feel of the idea behind free software .
Find a partner or mentor
You can find by yourself a lot of valuable information from the Web or from books .
Still , most people do n't want to spend most of their free time on just making the system work , and you may also prefer to make fun and useful things with your computer .
Like just said before , the concept of community is crucial to the existence of free software .
If you start using free software with some friends or family , you are building a small community that can share ideas , solutions , and useful projects .
For example , you could try to set up a remote backup solution for a few people you know , or edit a private web site for the family .
Get a GNU / Linux distribution
You can find an increasing number of free software that can run on non-free operating systems , but if you have the choice I would recommend starting with a complete GNU / Linux distribution .
Distributions are large collections of software and the management tools that are necessary to configure a complete system .
Every distribution includes the Linux kernel ( the core software between the application software and the computer hardware ) , and the GNU subsystem ( a collection of common tools to manage files , programs and data ) , hence the name GNU / Linux .
Distributions come with a default setup ( or a choice from a few options ) that you can adapt to your needs by using the management tools .
A very popular distribution is Ubuntu .
You can even try the distribution by starting the computer with an Ubuntu CD - ROM before installing it to your computer .
Real world example
The free software universe is not very different from the academic and scientific communities .
There is of course a very broad yet common goal of making the world a better place by understanding it and making small but essential contributions .
No scientist is really working alone , and the collaboration with other people and groups is necessary to succeed .
The seeming compatibility between the free software and the scientific philosophies results in a large number of important scientific software projects being free .
Here is a list of links and example free software projects :
A list of free software for the Mac ( non - free , of course ! ) with a scientific bias .
The Python programming language , which is increasingly used for scientific work along with the SciPy software .
The LaTeX project , ubiquitous in scientific publishing .
The CERN software libraries .
More about free software
The Christian owners of a hotel are being prosecuted for a crime because they defended their faith and criticised Islam in a debate with a Muslim guest .
Watch a CBN News report
Police arrested Ben and Sharon Vogelenzang , who run the Bounty House Hotel in Liverpool , after a Muslim woman complained that she was offended by comments made on 20 March .
According to newspaper reports , the debate involved discussion of whether Jesus was the Son of God or just a minor prophet of Islam .
Newspapers also report that the debate included comments that Mohammed was a warlord and Muslim dress for women was a form of bondage .
However , the facts of the case are disputed .
The pair are now being prosecuted for a “ religiously aggravated ” public order offence .
A criminal trial is set for 8 and 9 December at Liverpool Magistrates ’ Court .
A major client of the couple ’s hotel has ceased referring guests because of the allegations .
This has led to a 80 per cent drop in the hotel ’s income , leaving the couple in financial difficulty .
The Christian Institute is funding the Vogelenzangs ’ legal defence .
Its spokesman , Mike Judge , said : “ We believe there are significant free speech and religious liberty issues at stake . ”
The couple ’s lawyer , David Whiting , said : “ Ben and Sharon do not accept they were threatening , abusive or insulting .
“ They are committed Christians and it is the defence ’s contention that they have every right to defend their religious beliefs and explain those beliefs to others who do not hold similar views . ”
The couple were arrested and charged in July under Section 5 of the Public Order Act 1986 and Section 31 ( 1 ) ( c ) and ( 5 ) of the Crime and Disorder Act 1998 .
If convicted the couple face a maximum fine of £ 5,000 and a criminal record .
Lawyers have expressed growing concern at the way public order offences are being used to limit free speech .
The laws were introduced to deal with yobbish disorder in the streets , not limit robust debate .
Neil Addison , a criminal barrister and author of a legal textbook on harassment law , said : “ The purpose of the Public Order Act is to prevent disorder , but I ’m very concerned that the police are using it merely because someone is offended .
“ It should be used where there is violence , yobbish behaviour or gratuitous personal abuse .
It should never be used where there has been a personal conversation or debate with views firmly expressed .
“ If someone is in a discussion and they do n’t like what they are hearing , they can walk away . ”
He added that the police had a legal duty under the Human Rights
Act to defend free speech “ and I think they are forgetting that ” .
A police spokesman said : “ Merseyside Police can confirm that Benjamin Vogelenzang and Sharon Vogelenzang , both of Fazakerley , were charged with a religiously - aggravated public order offence on 29 July 2009 .
This follows an incident on 20 March 2009 . ”
I may disagree with the Commander in Chief and his recent pick to the Supreme Court on what the Constitution means but that is a far cry from being a domestic enemy of the Constitution .
While you are correct that yes the oath of enlistment does require me to " Support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies both foreign and domestic , " before it it requires me to " Obey the orders of the President of the United States , " you are flat out wrong on your assumption that Obama has violated the Constitution to the point that a military coup is in order .
If a President ever decided to proclaim themselves President for Life , arrested the House of Representatives and the US Senate , or tried to get rid of the 9 justices on the Supreme Court maybe the oath would require the military to march on DC but a simple disagreement on what the Constitution means is no such reason and quite frankly I would smoke any Soldier in my section who said it did .
Under your theory we should have had a military coup every few years as ever since the Constitution was written people have been in disagreement over what it means ( IE Federalists V. Anti Federalists , and strict interpritation V. a living breathing document )
A military coup is an event that is to serious to joke about and , as for myself I will be saddened if the day ever came the US military had to conduct one .
If you do not like the current President you get your chance in 2012 to get rid of him at the ballot box .
You should not want the Army rolling in to DC with Abrams Tanks to do that .
In 99.9999 % of all cases such talk is about as Un - American as you can get .
Does the level of one 's personal religious level affect what one studies in college , or even if they go to college ?
Does a path of study influence a person 's religious development ?
A new study released by the Institute for Social Research at the University of Michigan examines the correlation between these two aspects of young people 's lives .
A lot of people might expect that those who study physical sciences become the least religious during their tenure at school .
The research found that this is not the case ; a course of study in the sciences , such as physics or biology , leads to little change in what the authors term religiosity .
The survey found that the greatest positive change — those who become more religious during their studies — are those preparing for an education degree .
Those who become the least religious relative to their starting point are those majoring in the social sciences .
The authors reached this conclusion by studying religious attitudes , college attendance , and course of study for over 26,000 high school students that graduated between 1976 and 1996 .
Not surprisingly , the authors found that personal views often changed in the six years following high school .
Using business majors as a reference point , they graphed how religious attendance and its personal importance correlated with different fields of study .
Education majors had a positive correlation with both the level of religious importance in one 's life and the frequency of attendance at religious services .
For the physical sciences , including biology , the overall trend was neutral , with no major change in religiosity .
Somewhat oddly , these students showed increased attendance at religious services , but a reduced sense of religious importance .
The study also tracked those individuals who did not attend college right out of high school .
Those who attended religious services more regularly were more likely to attend college later .
For those in the humanities and social sciences , a negative correlation was seen in both measures of religiosity .
The authors suggest that three streams of thought play a role in influencing an individual 's level of religiosity : science , developmentalism ( an economic concept ) , and postmodernism .
They conclude that postmodernism — which frequently involves a mistrust of traditional interpretations — not science , is what most strongly challenges people 's view of religion .
However , it must be kept in mind that this study only shows a correlation between different factors , and does n't support causal conclusions .
Listing image by University of Michigan Institute for Social Research , 2009
By Jane Elliott
Health reporter , BBC News
The elderly are getting tips to avoid falls Every year , more than 700,000 people over 65 attend accident and emergency after a fall .
And falls are the leading cause of death for the over - 75s .
But one primary care trust in Lancashire has managed to slash its falls rate by a quarter - thanks in no small measure to the efforts of one elderly couple .
Pensioners Dorothy Atkinson , 75 , and husband Geoffrey , 81 , have dedicated themselves to educating their contemporaries about falls .
Protecting the elderly Along with other pensioners , the couple go to homes and sheltered accommodation pointing out hazards to the occupants in a bid to try and protect them .
" Neither of us have had any falls - we daren't , " said Dorothy .
They have lived there for such a long time and do not notice when things need replacing when the carpet has crept out or there is a wire creeping under the settee
Dorothy Atkinson
" Because we are their age group we can deal with them man - to - man or woman - to - woman and they do n't feel we are putting any pressure on .
" They feel it is helpful having us deal with them and they are not frightened of talking to us .
" We have a list of things that are more detrimental to them than others .
" We warn them about taking care of their footwear , and how medication can cause you to have dizzy spells " We tell them to have eye sight tests and to keep themselves fit , but above all lack of concentration plays a great big part , and getting over - tired . "
Danger spots
The couple are part of a falls team from East Lancashire PCT who go into the community to try and promote safety .
Other methods used by the team include Tai Chi for the elderly and working with the ambulance service to highlight fall hotspots .
These helped to ensure the scheme won the patient safety award at the recent NHS Health and Social Care Awards .
Dorothy and Geoffrey ( 4th and 5th in from the left ) talk to the elderly The Awards , which are run in partnership between the Department of Health and the NHS Institute for Innovation and Improvement , are designed to recognise breakthrough ideas from frontline staff that improve care and access to services .
Sue Tracey , clinical specialist occupational therapist at the trust , agreed that falls are a major problem for the elderly and can have disastrous results .
" There are the physical problems that can occur after a fall .
" The most difficult one clinically is a fracture , but the fear of falls can also really impact on the older person 's ability to age successfully because it can impact on the activities they can do , and the amount of socialisation .
" Because falls are recognised as such a big problem there is quite a lot that can be done to raise awareness to work towards preventing falls so that older people can be helped to age successfully and to enjoy their older age .
" It is simple things , such as being aware of possible risks within your own home - and that might be things like worn carpets and poor lighting and recognising that as you age your physical abilities change .
" Your eyesight changes and your balance and mobility might change and things that you might have done in the past - running up and down stairs , for example - now might become rather different so an extra banister rail might make all the difference .
" The more we can raise awareness for them and the simple things they can do themselves to reduce falls the better it is going to be . "
Getting access Dorothy agreed , but added that one of their most difficult challenges was actually accessing those at risk .
" We do go to sheltered accommodation , but it is people who live alone are the ones who are most at risk " They have lived there for such a long time and do not notice when things need replacing , when the carpet has crept out or there is a wire creeping under the settee .
" We would point out things that they might not have noticed . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A weekly comic strip , covering politics , pop culture , and the absurd .
Birth Control Alternatives
Pray the straigh away .
" Dear Jesus , please make me as gay as a rainbow . "
Play a continuous loop of " Eraserhead " on your bedroom television .
Rhythm section method " No time for sex !
Too busy dicking around on this jam ! "
Rent out a room to an adult baby .
" Hey guys !
We 're out of milk and I made a poopy !
The morning before pill .
" Hey You !
Do n't fuck that guy tonight ! "
Backward clothing helps prevent sex in the front .
Native American Spermcatcher .
" I have to stick this in my what ? ! "
If these fail , make use of the nearest " Leave a Baby , Take a Baby " tray .
Although he gave no idea of how users might be charged – whether per article or by some form of subscription – he said he did not think charging was a risk , and that each of News Corp ’s major papers had enough strengths to succeed online .
In a time where torrent sites are being chased by the entertainment industries and despite its dealings with the MPAA and CRIA in court , is oHunt has launched a brand new torrent site .
With Hexagon.cc the Hexagon team aims to revolutionize people 's sharing experience .
For years most torrent sites have shared a similar layout where torrents are listed in several fixed categories designated by the site ’s owners .
Hexagon.cc opts to do things differently .
“ The main difference that sets Hexagon.cc apart from other social file sharing and BitTorrent sites , is everything is centered around groups .
Be it file sharing networks or flash video sites , a key piece we found missing is social context , ” is oHunt ’s founder Gary Fung said .
With Hexagon
Fung hopes to bridge this gap by allowing people to start groups where they can share content within a certain niche .
These groups help to organize content and allow people to share with others who are interested in the same material , privately or in public .
In addition Hexagon is also aimed at content producers and independent artists who want to promote their content using BitTorrent .
For this group Hexagon offers monetization opportunities such as direct “ fan ” contributions and sharing of advertising revenue .
“ We have contacts with game publishers and independent musicians and film makers , who are very interested in creating their own groups where they can directly market their music , videos or games and interact with their fans , and generate sales directly or indirectly , ” Fung said .
Hexagon is certainly not your average torrent site and we must admit that it took us a while to fully grasp the new sharing interface .
That aside , it is great to see that some people are still innovating and trying to improve the BitTorrent sharing experience .
n 2n looks like a lovely piece of technology .
It 's basically a VPN system , but quite different from existing VPN technologies .
Existing VPNs work by creating a point - to - point link between two systems , usually a personal computer on an untrusted , remote , and often frequently changing network - and a router which then routes or bridges traffic ( depending on the layer the VPN operates on ) to other VPN clients and / or a physical private network .
The usual configuration is that there 's a network with some resources on it that can't be trusted to the open Internet - insecure file sharing or network management services , for example - with an access device connected both to that network and the public Internet , such that remote computers can connect to the access device via the Internet and thus be virtually and securely connected to the private network so they can access the resources therein as if they were physically plugged into it .
All over an encrypted link that they need to authenticate to set up , keeping third parties from reading or injecting traffic .
But the conventional VPN approach does n't work so well for more complex setups .
I , for example , have two private networks with various servers and workstations on , an isolated server , and two roaming laptops .
It would be nice if I could set up varying levels of trusted connectivity between the three ; the isolated server should really appear to be local to the first private network , which could be done with a conventional VPN , except that a permanent connection would require the isolated server to try to set the VPN up on boot and , if it goes down due to network problems or the access server on the private network rebooting , retry the connection automatically .
Likewise , I 'd like some level of routing between the two private networks , with a bit of packet filtering to tailor the precise trust relationship ; I 'd have to choose one network 's router to be the VPN server and the other the client , set up another auto - reconnecting VPN , and set up routing across it .
Then have the laptops also connect to a VPN server on one of the private networks , or perhaps the isolated server , to then use routing across the VPN links between the two private networks in order to reach everything they should be able to .
In practice , I 'd probably pick the best connected private network to be the hub , and run a VPN server on it , and have everything else connect to that .
Traffic between a laptop and the other private network would go via the hub , causing double bandwidth consumption at the hub and increasing latency .
If the hub goes down , the whole network is fragmented .
Plus , mainstream VPN protocols are a pain to configure and use , as they tend to use strange protocols like GRE .
But n2n is much better than all that .
Pages : 1 2
Expect an iPhone title from
Id every other month , says co-founder John Carmack .
The company plans to form three separate " lines " of iPhone titles , and at the ongoing QuakeCon event in Dallas , Carmack illuminated the company 's extensive strategy for Apple 's platform .
Consumer weblog Kotaku reports the first line of iPhone games will focus on classics , as Id is doing withandon the platform .
Carmack says more classics are in the works , likeand potentially even
The second line of iPhone games will be strictly RPGs like , while the third will be games designed solely for iPhone .
Carmack says
Id will release some kind of - themed title , like a racer , according to the report .
Carmack is also reportedly aiming to work with the company 's Id Tech 5 engine , used in the development of , on the iPhone 3GS , believing it 's fully possible .
Not just a physical health risk ( Image : Paul Viant / Getty )
BRAIN regions key to cognition are smaller in older people who are obese compared with their leaner peers , making their brains look up to 16 years older than their true age .
As brain shrinkage is linked to dementia , this adds weight to the suspicion that piling on the pounds may up a person ’s risk of the brain condition .
 The brains of elderly obese people looked 16 years older than the brains of those who were lean 
Previous studies suggested that obesity in middle age increases the risk of dementia decades later …
The Greater Cincinnati GLBTQ
Youth Summit , held on Saturday at Northern Kentucky University , made for an educational experience that area youths wo n’t soon forget .
Many of the sessions focused around introductory areas of organizing , the status of the LGBT movement and transgender inclusion / education .
One defining moment was when Erin Upchurch , community organizer for Equality Ohio , pointed out that people let their egos get in the way of their activism .
This idea really hit home with me :
This past year I , as well as many other activists I know , have let hating everything get in the way .
Rather than supporting everyone ’s activism , I criticized and critiqued .
That is no attitude to have when trying to institute change .
I have been working on my attitude lately by just trying to keep an open mind and make myself available to help – rather than look down upon – my less radical counterparts , while continuing my own activism .
I also attended a session hosted by the Lady Jetta .
He was not in drag during the session , but he did bring along some of his costuming and rhinestone - encrusted treasures .
He also did a great job of educating attendees on the difference between crossdressers , drag queens and transwomen .
After the sessions , dinner was served with a drag show as entertainment .
The queens had randomly selected a conference attendee to be put into drag and perform “ Lady Marmalade ” as the opening number .
Performers included Sity Hall , Penny Tration , the Lady Jetta and JAC McFaggin from the Black Mondays .
The hands on the screen belong to James Paterson .
He is using " Rhonda " , a 3D drawing tool developed by Amit Pitaru circa 2003 .
The first half of the video shows James doing a drawing start to finish .
In the second part James is cycling through various previous drawings , created between 2004 and 2005 .
For the last several years Rhonda has been shown in galleries , museums , festivals and conferences .
We are excited to finally release this video online .
Even more exciting is that our good friends Zach Lieberman ( openframeworks ) , Zach Gage ( synthpond have joined the Rhonda Team .
With their help we 're creating stable releases of Rhonda for various platforms .
To download Rhonda and learn about the pending release of our iPad app , please join our user list .
You 'll also get access to our forums and see what others are up to .
Open Frameworks : an open source C++ framework for artists and designers .
Music for this video is " Out On The Weekend " by Neil Young .
Graciously hosted by TILTED
Rhonda ©2003-2014
How women 's bodies have been transformed in the past 60 years ... with huge implications for our health
What 's happened to our bodies ?
We 're two inches taller , half a stone heavier - and have gone up three shoe sizes .
It 's a world away from the slender physique of the 1950s Hollywood bombshells .
But what has it meant for our health ?
Sixty years ago the average British woman 's figure was fairly trim : at a petite 5ft 2in , the scales rarely tipped 9st 10 lb .
Even her feet - size 31/2 - were small , and she fitted neatly into a size 12 dress .
As for her vital statistics - 37-27-39 - she was the classic hour - glass , not far off Hollywood standards ( America 's most famous pin-up girl Betty Grable measured a curvy but slender 36 - 24-35 ) .
Fast forward to 2009 , and we have ballooned .
Not only are we taller , we 're also heavier and less curvaceous , according to the UK National Sizing Survey .
Goodbye hour - glass figure :
The vital statistics of the average British woman in 1950 ( left ) and today .
Our slender 36 - 24-35 measurements have rolled into a barrel - like 38-34- 40
When compared with statistics from 1951 , the last ( and only other ) time a national survey of women 's figures was conducted , the difference is shocking .
We may be pleased to be taller ( the average woman is now 5 ft 4in ) , but our feet have splayed out to a size 6 and we 're half a stone heavier .
Meanwhile , our hour - glass has rolled into a barrel - like 38 - 34 - 40 , and many would struggle to get into a size 14 .
' We found that hips were an inch - and - a - half bigger , as were busts ; then when we got to the waists and found sixanda - half inches difference , it was : " Wow - everyone , man and woman , has a belly now " , ' explains Philip Treleaven , professor of computing , from University College , London , who led the research .
But our vital statistics do n't just carry implications for how we look - they are crucial to our health .
Here we reveal how the changing British figure has affected women 's wellbeing , in good ways and bad ...
HEIGHT
THEN : 5ft 2in ; NOW : 5 ft 4in
So why are we getting taller ?
It 's partly down to nutrition - a better and more plentiful diet , explains Bernard Harris , professor of the history of social policy at Southampton University .
But , more surprisingly , our increased height reflects the lessening demands of the environment .
Now , with warmer homes , better medicine and improved sanitation , our energy - significantly in childhood - can be devoted to growth .
' For example , before widespread central heating we expended more energy just on keeping warm , ' says Professor Harris .
There is also the cleanliness of our environment to consider .
Antibiotics did not become commonplace until the mid-Fifties .
' In unsanitary conditions , you 'll suffer diarrhoea more frequently and therefore retain fewer nutrients in the body .
If you suffer repeated infections , you use up energy fighting them off , while you may also feel less like eating . '
Interestingly , the increase in height seems to be specifically due to longer legs ; a study of Japanese children and adults between 1957 and 1977 showed that while the trunk length stayed roughly the same , the legs grew longer .
DOES IT MATTER ?
Getting taller is probably a good thing in terms of our longevity , believes Professor Harris : ' Broadly speaking , people who are shorter are more likely to die early . '
Enviable curves : Marilyn Monroe in the 1955 movie ' The Seven Year Itch ' ( left ) and the 1950s British actress Diana Dors
WEIGHT AND WAIST
THEN : 9st 10lb ; 27in ; NOW : 10st 3lb ; 34in
Although dieticians estimate we eat roughly the same number of calories as we did 60 years ago - wartime rationing allowed about 3,000 calories a day for men and women - we eat very differently and consume more fat , most of it saturated .
In the Forties , Britons derived 32 per cent of their calories from fat - not far off the 33 per cent recommended ; today a whopping 40 per cent of our diet is fat .
And at nearly 500g a week , we eat twice as much sugar as we used to .
We also consume more processed and junk food .
One of the problems is that these often rely on corn syrup as a flavouring and cheap preservative .
And , as nutritionist Katherine Zeratsky explains , when we metabolise this form of sugar , it does n't trigger the production of hormones that help regulate appetite and fat storage .
We 're also drinking more alcohol , which is highly calorific .
By comparison , women in 1949 were slimmer because their diet centred on vegetables and complex carbohydrates , which are digested slowly , keep blood sugar levels stable and are filling .
This meant they could eat more carbohydrates than we do today - without putting on weight .
According to the Medical Research Council , families consumed 55 per cent of calories as carbohydrates - the figure today is down to 45 per cent ( we now eat about half the potatoes and a third of the bread typically consumed in the Forties ) .
It 's not just a case of what was being eaten : post - war women also expended many more calories through housework and having to walk or cycle everywhere .
It 's been estimated that Fifties woman burned more than 1,000 calories a day doing her everyday activities ( such as housework ) compared with 556 today .
As Ken Fox , professor of exercise and health science at the University of Bristol , points out , we started to become more sedentary in the Fifties .
Sit - down dinner : Women in 1949 were slimmer because their diet centred on vegetables and complex carbohydrates
' It was in this period that active lifestyles began to decline and car ownership started to increase , ' he says .
' We were sold the message that labour - saving was the way to go .
Also , there were more attractive sedentary activities - especially when TV came along . '
No surprise , then , that women today are heavier .
Diet and lack of exercise also explain our expanding waistlines .
Between 1993 and 2007 , the number of women in the UK with waists of more than 35in rose from 26 per cent to 42 per cent .
The problem is the visceral fat that forms around the organs , many of which are found in the abdomen .
Although visceral fat is linked to genetic factors , a diet high in saturated fat , and not exercising , are also risk factors .
DOES IT MATTER ?
Being heavier than previous generations is not necessarily a problem if our bodies are in proportion .
The fact that women are now taller means that today the average woman 's Body Mass Index ( BMI ) , which is linked to her risk of heart disease and other conditions , is in fact slightly lower than Fifties woman .
And both are in the ' healthy ' range ( today 's average BMI is 24.7 , compared with 24.9 of 60 years ago ) .
As Professor Harris explains : ' Studies have shown that anyone with a BMI of over 25 or below 20 has a higher mortality rate , so being somewhere in between - the optimal weight - ensures a better survival chance . '
But although the average woman is only marginally larger than her Fifties counterpart , there are more women who are underweight , which can be linked to conditions such as heart disease , and also many more who are overweight or obese , which is a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease , diabetes and cancer .
Since 1950 , cancer deaths have risen from 17 per cent to 25 per cent of all deaths .
And while treatment has improved survival in many cases , incidence is still rising .
Obesity can also damage joints and make recovery from any illness more difficult for the body .
The other issue , whatever their weight , is women 's larger waistlines compared with 60 years ago .
A large waistline can almost double your risk of dying prematurely even if your BMI is within the ' normal ' range , according to a study published last year in the New England Journal of Medicine .
This found the risk was around double for women with a larger waist ( more than 39.4 in ) compared with those with a smaller waist ( less than 25.6in ) .
A big waist is deemed more hazardous for health than just being overweight , because the fat cells carried around the stomach pump out
chemicals that can damage the insulin system , raise blood pressure and increase cholesterol levels .
According to Diabetes UK , if a woman 's waist measures 31.5 in or more she is at increased risk of having undiagnosed type II diabetes .
There were 200,000 cases of diabetes in 1940 ; by 2010 the number affected could reach 3 million .
Heart disease kills one in six women ( about 94,000 ) each year .
But it is a complicated picture , says senior cardiac nurse Ellen Mason , of the British Heart Foundation .
' While the number affected is higher than in the Fifties , there are fewer deaths from heart disease , largely due to better diagnosis and treatment , but also the decline in smoking . '
In 1948 , 41 per cent of women smoked , now it is 20 per cent .
Healthy habits : Post - war women also expended many more calories through housework
BREASTS
THEN : 37B NOW : 38C ( plus )
Our larger bosoms are due in part to the general rise in obesity .
Professor Michael Baum , an expert in breast cancer and professor emeritus of surgery at University College hospital London , explains : ' Fat is laid down on breasts as much as thighs or bottoms , and we are experiencing an obesity epidemic , so the increase in women 's measurements is n't that surprising . '
But other factors may be at play : nutritionist Marilyn Glenville , who specialises in women 's health and hormonal problems , says women in her clinic have gone up a cup size after being put on hormone replacement therapy ( HRT ) during the menopause .
This , she believes , is because the breast tissue is encouraged to grow by the ' injection ' of unusually high levels of oestrogen into the body .
' There is a tendency for the Pill to stimulate breast growth , ' says Professor Pierre - Marc Cilles Bouloux , a consultant endocrinologist and physician at The London Clinic .
' However , modern versions of the Pill contain far less oestrogen than their older counterparts , so it is not fair to attribute this shift in its entirety to the Pill . '
DOES IT MATTER ?
Bigger breasts alone do n't necessarily mean an increased risk of breast cancer , although obesity is a recognised risk factor in the disease .
In the past 25 years , the incidence of breast cancer has risen by 50 per cent .
But bigger breasts are linked to backache and similar problems and , increasingly , larger - breasted women end up undergoing reduction surgery for medical reasons .
HIPS
THEN : 39in NOW : 40in
Our hips have not increased as much as our waists .
This is because oestrogen levels determine where fat is stored ; if a woman 's hormone levels are unbalanced she ends up storing more fat around the waist and less around the hips where we should .
Although it 's not clear why women 's oestrogen levels might be disrupted , it 's possible that the Pill and HRT , as well as stress and diet , may play a role .
DOES IT MATTER ?
Wide hips have been traditionally seen as attractive to men because they denote fertility .
More recently , a study from the Institute of Preventative Medicine in Copenhagen showed a hip measurement of 40in or more protects against heart conditions , because hip fat contains a protein called adiponectin , which has an antiinflammatory effect .
Health downturn : A modern family watches TV .
We started to become more sedentary in the 1950s , with the arrival of the first television sets
FEET
THEN : Size 31/2 NOW : Size 6
Heavier bodies need a broader base to stand on , explains Lorraine Jones from the Society of Chiropodists and Podiatrists : ' When you gain weight , there is more pressure exerted through the feet by the increased weight , so when you walk , move or stand , the soft tissue like ligaments and joints have to work harder to maintain your foot 's structure and keep you mobile .
The heavier you are , the more the foot spreads out . '
Women 's feet can change a whole size in their lifetime with weight gain .
Jones says : ' When you gain weight , fat is also deposited on the feet .
If you ask the slimmer of the year about their shoe size , it will be smaller than at their heaviest . '
DOES IT MATTER ?
' It 's definitely a bad thing if the reason is weight related because it can lead to increased pressure exerted through the foot and lower limbs and back , causing additional wear and tear on joints and soft tissues such as ligaments , ' says Jones .
' Poor mobility is a result of obesity .
Weight gain also increases your chance of diabetes , which has a huge impact on foot heath , as it can result in loss of feeling ( neuropathy ) , diabetic ulcers , vascular problems , and even the possibility of amputation . '
But , otherwise , having big feet is merely an aesthetic problem - just ask socialite Paris Hilton , who recently bemoaned her size 9s .
LIFE EXPECTANCY
THEN : 70.9 years NOW : 81.5 years
Improvements in hygiene , medicine and nutrition are all responsible for our increasing life spans .
Mass vaccination programmes began in the Fifties , leading to dramatic falls in rates of contagion and death .
Cases of tuberculosis , previously a leading cause of death , fell from 50,000 cases in 1950 to 8,679 in 2008 .
With the launch of the NHS in 1948 , access to health care improved , and surgical techniques were breaking new ground .
In 1954 , for example , the first successful kidney transplant was carried out using the kidney of the patient 's twin .
The first hip replacement was carried out in Fifties .
DOES IT MATTER ?
New challenges will arise for women's health thanks to our longevity - we live longer than men by an average four years .
Women spend about a third of their lives postmenopause now and many will have to live with chronic conditions such as osteoporosis .
While this has implications for the women themselves , it also adds to the burden on the NHS .
For instance , on the basis of current trends the National Osteoporosis Society estimates hip fracture rates could rise from 46,000 in 1985 to 117,000 in 2016 .
HIROSHIMA
WHO DISAGREED WITH THE ATOMIC BOMBING ?
Positions listed refer to WWII positions .
~~~DWIGHT EISENHOWER
" ... in [ July ] 1945 ...
Secretary of War Stimson , visiting my headquarters in Germany , informed me that our government was preparing to drop an atomic bomb on Japan .
I was one of those who felt that there were a number of cogent reasons to question the wisdom of such an act .
... the Secretary , upon giving me the news of the successful bomb test in New Mexico , and of the plan for using it , asked for my reaction , apparently expecting a vigorous assent .
" During his recitation of the relevant facts , I had been conscious of a feeling of depression and so I voiced to him my grave misgivings , first on the basis of my belief that Japan was already defeated and that dropping the bomb was completely unnecessary , and secondly because I thought that our country should avoid shocking world opinion by the use of a weapon whose employment was , I thought , no longer mandatory as a measure to save American lives .
It was my belief that Japan was , at that very moment , seeking some way to surrender with a minimum loss of ' face ' .
The Secretary was deeply perturbed by my attitude ... "
- Dwight Eisenhower , Mandate For Change , pg. 380
In a Newsweek interview , Eisenhower again recalled the meeting with Stimson :
" ... the Japanese were ready to surrender and it was n't necessary to hit them with that awful thing . "
- Ike on Ike , Newsweek , 11/11/63
~~~ADMIRAL WILLIAM D. LEAHY
" It is my opinion that the use of this barbarous weapon at Hiroshima and Nagasaki was of no material assistance in our war against Japan .
The Japanese were already defeated and ready to surrender because of the effective sea blockade and the successful bombing with conventional weapons .
" The lethal possibilities of atomic warfare in the future are frightening .
My own feeling was that in being the first to use it , we had adopted an ethical standard common to the barbarians of the Dark Ages .
I was not taught to make war in that fashion , and wars can not be won by destroying women and children . "
- William Leahy , I Was There , pg. 441 .
~~~HERBERT HOOVER
On May 28 , 1945 , Hoover visited President Truman and suggested a way to end the Pacific war quickly : " I am convinced that if you , as President , will make a shortwave broadcast to the people of Japan - tell them they can have their Emperor if they surrender , that it will not mean unconditional surrender except for the militarists - you 'll get a peace in Japan - you 'll have both wars over . "
Richard Norton Smith , An Uncommon Man : The Triumph of Herbert Hoover , pg. 347 .
On August 8 , 1945 , after the atomic bombing of Hiroshima , Hoover wrote to Army and Navy Journal publisher Colonel John Callan O'Laughlin , " The use of the atomic bomb , with its indiscriminate killing of women and children , revolts my soul . "
quoted from Gar Alperovitz , The Decision to Use the Atomic Bomb , pg. 635 .
" ... the Japanese were prepared to negotiate all the way from February 1945 ... up to and before the time the atomic bombs were dropped ; ... if such leads had been followed up , there would have been no occasion to drop the [ atomic ] bombs . "
- quoted by Barton Bernstein in Philip Nobile , ed. , Judgment at the Smithsonian , pg. 142
Hoover biographer Richard Norton Smith has written : " Use of the bomb had besmirched America 's reputation , he [ Hoover ] told friends .
It ought to have been described in graphic terms before being flung out into the sky over Japan . "
Richard Norton Smith , An Uncommon Man : The Triumph of Herbert Hoover , pg. 349-350 .
In early May of 1946 Hoover met with General Douglas MacArthur .
Hoover recorded in his diary , " I told MacArthur of my memorandum of mid-May 1945 to Truman , that peace could be had with Japan by which our major objectives would be accomplished .
MacArthur said that was correct and that we would have avoided all of the losses , the Atomic bomb , and the entry of Russia into Manchuria . "
Gar Alperovitz , The Decision to Use the Atomic Bomb , pg. 350-351 .
~~~GENERAL DOUGLAS MacARTHUR
MacArthur biographer William Manchester has described MacArthur 's reaction to the issuance by the Allies of the Potsdam Proclamation to Japan : " ... the Potsdam declaration in July , demand [ed ] that Japan surrender unconditionally or face ' prompt and utter destruction . '
MacArthur was appalled .
He knew that the Japanese would never renounce their emperor , and that without him an orderly transition to peace would be impossible anyhow , because his people would never submit to Allied occupation unless he ordered it .
Ironically , when the surrender did come , it was conditional , and the condition was a continuation of the imperial reign .
Had the General 's advice been followed , the resort to atomic weapons at Hiroshima and Nagasaki might have been unnecessary . "
William Manchester , American Caesar : Douglas MacArthur 1880 - 1964 , pg. 512 .
Norman Cousins was a consultant to General MacArthur during the American occupation of Japan .
Cousins writes of his conversations with MacArthur , " MacArthur 's views about the decision to drop the atomic bomb on Hiroshima and Nagasaki were starkly different from what the general public supposed . "
He continues , " When I asked General MacArthur about the decision to drop the bomb , I was surprised to learn he had not even been consulted .
What , I asked , would his advice have been ?
He replied that he saw no military justification for the dropping of the bomb .
The war might have ended weeks earlier , he said , if the United States had agreed , as it later did anyway , to the retention of the institution of the emperor . "
Norman Cousins , The Pathology of Power , pg. 65 , 70 - 71 .
~~~JOSEPH GREW
In a February 12 , 1947 letter to Henry Stimson ( Sec. of War during WWII ) , Grew responded to the defense of the atomic bombings Stimson had made in a February 1947 Harpers magazine article :
" ... in the light of available evidence I myself and others felt that if such a categorical statement about the [ retention of the ] dynasty had been issued in May , 1945 , the surrender - minded elements in the [ Japanese ]
Government might well have been afforded by such a statement a valid reason and the necessary strength to come to an early clearcut decision .
" If surrender could have been brought about in May , 1945 , or even in June or July , before the entrance of Soviet Russia into the [ Pacific ] war and the use of the atomic bomb , the world would have been the gainer . "
Grew quoted in Barton Bernstein , ed. , The Atomic Bomb , pg. 29 - 32 .
~~~JOHN McCLOY
" I have always felt that if , in our ultimatum to the Japanese government issued from Potsdam [ in July 1945 ] , we had referred to the retention of the emperor as a constitutional monarch and had made some reference to the reasonable accessibility of raw materials to the future Japanese government , it would have been accepted .
Indeed , I believe that even in the form it was delivered , there was some disposition on the part of the Japanese to give it favorable consideration .
When the war was over I arrived at this conclusion after talking with a number of Japanese officials who had been closely associated with the decision of the then Japanese government , to reject the ultimatum , as it was presented .
I believe we missed the opportunity of effecting a Japanese surrender , completely satisfactory to us , without the necessity of dropping the bombs . "
McCloy quoted in James Reston , Deadline , pg. 500 .
~~~RALPH BARD
On June 28 , 1945 , a memorandum written by Bard the previous day was given to Sec. of War Henry Stimson .
It stated , in part :
" Following the three - power [ July 1945 Potsdam ] conference emissaries from this country could contact representatives from Japan somewhere on the China Coast and make representations with regard to Russia 's position [ they were about to declare war on Japan ] and at the same time give them some information regarding the proposed use of atomic power , together with whatever assurances the President might care to make with regard to the [ retention of the ] Emperor of Japan and the treatment of the Japanese nation following unconditional surrender .
It seems quite possible to me that this presents the opportunity which the Japanese are looking for .
" I do n't see that we have anything in particular to lose in following such a program . "
He concluded the memorandum by noting , " The only way to find out is to try it out . "
Memorandum on the Use of S - 1 Bomb , Manhattan Engineer District Records , Harrison - Bundy files , folder # 77 , National Archives ( also contained in : Martin Sherwin , A World Destroyed , 1987 edition , pg. 307-308 ) .
Later Bard related , " ... it definitely seemed to me that the Japanese were becoming weaker and weaker .
They were surrounded by the Navy .
They could n't get any imports and they could n't export anything .
Naturally , as time went on and the war developed in our favor it was quite logical to hope and expect that with the proper kind of a warning the Japanese would then be in a position to make peace , which would have made it unnecessary for us to drop the bomb and have had to bring Russia in ... " .
quoted in Len Giovannitti and Fred Freed , The Decision To Drop the Bomb , pg. 144-145 , 324 .
Bard also asserted , " I think that the Japanese were ready for peace , and they already had approached the Russians and , I think , the Swiss .
And that suggestion of [ giving ] a warning [ of the atomic bomb ] was a face - saving proposition for them , and one that they could have readily accepted . "
He continued , " In my opinion , the Japanese war was really won before we ever used the atom bomb .
Thus , it would n't have been necessary for us to disclose our nuclear position and stimulate the Russians to develop the same thing much more rapidly than they would have if we had not dropped the bomb . "
War Was Really Won Before We Used A - Bomb , U.S. News and World Report , 8/15/60 , pg. 73-75 .
~~~LEWIS STRAUSS
Strauss recalled a recommendation he gave to Sec. of the Navy James Forrestal before the atomic bombing of Hiroshima :
" I proposed to Secretary Forrestal that the weapon should be demonstrated before it was used .
Primarily it was because it was clear to a number of people , myself among them , that the war was very nearly over .
The Japanese were nearly ready to capitulate ...
My proposal to the Secretary was that the weapon should be demonstrated over some area accessible to Japanese observers and where its effects would be dramatic .
I remember suggesting that a satisfactory place for such a demonstration would be a large forest of cryptomeria trees not far from Tokyo .
The cryptomeria tree is the Japanese version of our redwood ...
I anticipated that a bomb detonated at a suitable height above such a forest ... would lay the trees out in windrows from the center of the explosion in all directions as though they were matchsticks , and , of course , set them afire in the center .
It seemed to me that a demonstration of this sort would prove to the Japanese that we could destroy any of their cities at will ...
Secretary Forrestal agreed wholeheartedly with the recommendation ... "
Strauss added , " It seemed to me that such a weapon was not necessary to bring the war to a successful conclusion , that once used it would find its way into the armaments of the world ... " .
quoted in Len Giovannitti and Fred Freed , The Decision To Drop the Bomb , pg. 145 , 325 .
~~~PAUL NITZE
In 1950 Nitze would recommend a massive military buildup , and in the 1980s he was an arms control negotiator in the Reagan administration .
In July of 1945 he was assigned the task of writing a strategy for the air attack on Japan .
Nitze later wrote :
" The plan I devised was essentially this : Japan was already isolated from the standpoint of ocean shipping .
The only remaining means of transportation were the rail network and intercoastal shipping , though our submarines and mines were rapidly eliminating the latter as well .
A concentrated air attack on the essential lines of transportation , including railroads and ( through the use of the earliest accurately targetable glide bombs , then emerging from development ) the Kammon tunnels which connected Honshu with Kyushu , would isolate the Japanese home islands from one another and fragment the enemy 's base of operations .
I believed that interdiction of the lines of transportation would be sufficiently effective so that additional bombing of urban industrial areas would not be necessary .
" While I was working on the new plan of air attack ... [ I ] concluded that even without the atomic bomb , Japan was likely to surrender in a matter of months .
My own view was that Japan would capitulate by November 1945 . "
Paul Nitze , From Hiroshima to Glasnost , pg. 36 -37 ( my emphasis )
The U.S. Strategic Bombing Survey group , assigned by President Truman to study the air attacks on Japan , produced a report in July of 1946 that was primarily written by Nitze and reflected his reasoning :
" Based on a detailed investigation of all the facts and supported by the testimony of the surviving Japanese leaders involved , it is the Survey 's opinion that certainly prior to 31 December 1945 and in all probability prior to 1 November 1945 , Japan would have surrendered even if the atomic bombs had not been dropped , even if Russia had not entered the war , and even if no invasion had been planned or contemplated . "
quoted in Barton Bernstein , The Atomic Bomb , pg. 52 - 56 .
In his memoir , written in 1989 , Nitze repeated ,
" Even without the attacks on Hiroshima and Nagasaki , it seemed highly unlikely , given what we found to have been the mood of the Japanese government , that a U.S. invasion of the islands [ scheduled for November 1 , 1945 ] would have been necessary . "
Paul Nitze , From Hiroshima to Glasnost , pg. 44 -45 .
~~~ALBERT EINSTEIN
Einstein was not directly involved in the Manhattan Project ( which developed the atomic bomb ) .
In 1905 , as part of his Special Theory of Relativity , he made the intriguing point that a relatively large amount of energy was contained in and could be released from a relatively small amount of matter .
This became best known by the equation E=mc2 .
The atomic bomb was not based upon this theory but clearly illustrated it .
In 1939 Einstein signed a letter to President Roosevelt that was drafted by the scientist Leo Szilard .
Received by FDR in October of that year , the letter from Einstein called for and sparked the beginning of U.S. government support for a program to build an atomic bomb , lest the Nazis build one first .
Einstein did not speak publicly on the atomic bombing of Japan until a year afterward .
A short article on the front page of the New York Times contained his view :
" Prof. Albert Einstein ... said that he was sure that President Roosevelt would have forbidden the atomic bombing of Hiroshima had he been alive and that it was probably carried out to end the Pacific war before Russia could participate . "
Einstein Deplores Use of Atom Bomb , New York Times , 8/19 /46 , pg. 1 .
Regarding the 1939 letter to Roosevelt , his biographer , Ronald Clark , has noted :
" As far as his own life was concerned , one thing seemed quite clear .
' I made one great mistake in my life , ' he said to Linus Pauling , who spent an hour with him on the morning of November 11 , 1954 , '... when I signed the letter to President Roosevelt recommending that atom bombs be made ; but there was some justification - the danger that the Germans would make them . ' " .
Ronald Clark , Einstein : The Life and Times , pg. 620 .
~~~LEO SZILARD
For many scientists , one motivation for developing the atomic bomb was to make sure Germany , well known for its scientific capabilities , did not get it first .
This was true for Szilard , a Manhattan Project scientist .
" In the spring of ' 45 it was clear that the war against Germany would soon end , and so I began to ask myself , ' What is the purpose of continuing the development of the bomb , and how would the bomb be used if the war with Japan has not ended by the time we have the first bombs ? " .
Szilard quoted in Spencer Weart and Gertrud Weiss Szilard , ed. , Leo Szilard : His Version of the Facts , pg. 181 .
After Germany surrendered , Szilard attempted to meet with President Truman .
Instead , he was given an appointment with Truman 's Sec. of State to be , James Byrnes .
In that meeting of May 28 , 1945 , Szilard told Byrnes that the atomic bomb should not be used on Japan .
Szilard recommended , instead , coming to an international agreement on the control of atomic weapons before shocking other nations by their use :
" I thought that it would be a mistake to disclose the existence of the bomb to the world before the government had made up its mind about how to handle the situation after the war .
Using the bomb certainly would disclose that the bomb existed . "
According to Szilard , Byrnes was not interested in international control : " Byrnes ... was concerned about Russia 's postwar behavior .
Russian troops had moved into Hungary and Rumania , and Byrnes thought it would be very difficult to persuade Russia to withdraw her troops from these countries , that Russia might be more manageable if impressed by American military might , and that a demonstration of the bomb might impress Russia . "
Szilard could see that he was n't getting though to Byrnes ; " I was concerned at this point that by demonstrating the bomb and using it in the war against Japan , we might start an atomic arms race between America and Russia which might end with the destruction of both countries . " .
Szilard quoted in Spencer Weart and Gertrud Weiss Szilard , ed. , Leo Szilard : His Version of the Facts , pg. 184 .
Two days later , Szilard met with J. Robert Oppenheimer , the head scientist in the Manhattan Project .
" I told Oppenheimer that I thought it would be a very serious mistake to use the bomb against the cities of Japan .
Oppenheimer did n't share my view . "
" ' Well , said Oppenheimer , ' do n't you think that if we tell the Russians what we intend to do and then use the bomb in Japan , the Russians will understand it ? '.
' They 'll understand it only too well , ' Szilard replied , no doubt with Byrnes 's intentions in mind . "
Szilard quoted in Spencer Weart and Gertrud Weiss Szilard , ed. , Leo Szilard : His Version of the Facts , pg. 185 ; also William Lanouette , Genius In the Shadows : A Biography of Leo Szilard , pg. 266-267 .
~~~THE FRANCK REPORT : POLITICAL AND SOCIAL PROBLEMS
The race for the atomic bomb ended with the May 1945 surrender of Germany , the only other power capable of creating an atomic bomb in the near future .
This led some Manhattan Project scientists in Chicago to become among the first to consider the long - term consequences of using the atomic bomb against Japan in World War II .
Their report came to be known as the Franck Report , and included major contributions from Leo Szilard ( referred to above ) .
Although an attempt was made to give the report to Sec. of War Henry Stimson , it is unclear as to whether he ever received it .
International control of nuclear weapons for the prevention of a larger nuclear war was the report 's primary concern :
" If we consider international agreement on total prevention of nuclear warfare as the paramount objective , and believe that it can be achieved , this kind of introduction of atomic weapons [ on Japan ] to the world may easily destroy all our chances of success .
Russia ... will be deeply shocked .
It will be very difficult to persuade the world that a nation which was capable of secretly preparing and suddenly releasing a weapon , as indiscriminate as the rocket bomb and a thousand times more destructive , is to be trusted in its proclaimed desire of having such weapons abolished by international agreement . " .
The Franck Committee , which could not know that the Japanese government would approach Russia in July to try to end the war , compared the short - term possible saving of lives by using the bomb on Japan with the long - term possible massive loss of lives in a nuclear war :
" ... looking forward to an international agreement on prevention of nuclear warfare - the military advantages and the saving of American lives , achieved by the sudden use of atomic bombs against Japan , may be outweighed by the ensuing loss of confidence and wave of horror and repulsion , sweeping over the rest of the world ... " .
The report questioned the ability of destroying Japanese cities with atomic bombs to bring surrender when destroying Japanese cities with conventional bombs had not done so .
It recommended a demonstration of the atomic bomb for Japan in an unpopulated area .
Facing the long - term consequences with Russia , the report stated prophetically :
" If no international agreement is concluded immediately after the first demonstration , this will mean a flying start of an unlimited armaments race . " .
The report pointed out that the United States , with its highly concentrated urban areas , would become a prime target for nuclear weapons and concluded :
" We believe that these considerations make the use of nuclear bombs for an early , unannounced attack against Japan inadvisable .
If the United States would be the first to release this new means of indiscriminate destruction upon mankind , she would sacrifice public support throughout the world , precipitate the race of armaments , and prejudice the possibility of reaching an international agreement on the future control of such weapons . " .
Political and Social Problems , Manhattan Engineer District Records , Harrison - Bundy files , folder # 76 , National Archives ( also contained in : Martin Sherwin , A World Destroyed , 1987 edition , pg. 323-333 ) .
~~~ELLIS ZACHARIAS
Based on a series of intelligence reports received in late 1944 , Zacharias , long a student of Japan 's people and culture , believed the Japan would soon be ripe for surrender if the proper approach were taken .
For him , that approach was not as simple as bludgeoning Japanese cities :
" ... while Allied leaders were immediately inclined to support all innovations however bold and novel in the strictly military sphere , they frowned upon similar innovations in the sphere of diplomatic and psychological warfare . "
Ellis Zacharias , The A - Bomb Was Not Needed , United Nations World , Aug. 1949 , pg. 29 .
Zacharias saw that there were diplomatic and religious ( the status of the Emperor ) elements that blocked the doves in Japan 's government from making their move :
" What prevented them from suing for peace or from bringing their plot into the open was their uncertainty on two scores .
First , they wanted to know the meaning of unconditional surrender and the fate we planned for Japan after defeat .
Second , they tried to obtain from us assurances that the Emperor could remain on the throne after surrender . "
Ellis Zacharias , Eighteen Words That Bagged Japan , Saturday Evening Post , 11/17/45 , pg. 17 .
To resolve these issues , Zacharias developed several plans for secret negotiations with Japanese representatives ; all were rejected by the U.S. government .
Instead , a series of psychological warfare radio broadcasts by Zacharias was later approved .
In the July 21 , 1945 broadcast , Zacharias made an offer to Japan that stirred controversy in the U.S. : a surrender based on the Atlantic Charter .
On July 25th , the U.S. intercepted a secret transmission from Japan 's Foreign Minister ( Togo ) to their Ambassador to Moscow ( Sato ) , who was trying to set up a meeting with the Soviets to negotiate an end to the war .
The message referred to the Zacharias broadcast and stated :
" ... special attention should be paid to the fact that at this time the United States referred to the Atlantic Charter .
As for Japan , it is impossible to accept unconditional surrender under any circumstances , but we should like to communicate to the other party through appropriate channels that we have no objection to a peace based on the Atlantic Charter . "
U.S. Dept. of State , Foreign Relations of the United States : Conference of Berlin ( Potsdam ) 1945 , vol. 2 , pg. 1260 -1261 .
But on July 26th , the U.S. , Great Britain , and China publicly issued the Potsdam Proclamation demanding " unconditional surrender " from Japan .
Zacharias later commented on the favorable Japanese response to his broadcast :
" But though we gained a victory , it was soon to be canceled out by the Potsdam Declaration and the way it was handled .
" Instead of being a diplomatic instrument , transmitted through regular diplomatic channels and giving the Japanese a chance to answer , it was put on the radio as a propaganda instrument pure and simple .
The whole maneuver , in fact , completely disregarded all essential psychological factors dealing with Japan . "
Zacharias continued , " The Potsdam Declaration , in short , wrecked everything we had been working for to prevent further bloodshed ...
" Just when the Japanese were ready to capitulate , we went ahead and introduced to the world the most devastating weapon it had ever seen and , in effect , gave the go - ahead to Russia to swarm over Eastern Asia .
" Washington decided that Japan had been given its chance and now it was time to use the A - bomb .
" I submit that it was the wrong decision .
It was wrong on strategic grounds .
And it was wrong on humanitarian grounds . "
Ellis Zacharias , How We Bungled the Japanese Surrender , Look , 6/6/50 , pg. 19 - 21 .
~~~GENERAL CARL " TOOEY " SPAATZ
General Spaatz was the person who received the order for the Air Force to " deliver its first special bomb as soon as weather will permit visual bombing after about 3 August 1945 ... " ( Leslie Groves , Now It Can Be Told , pg. 308 ) .
In a 1964 interview , Spaatz explained :
" The dropping of the atomic bomb was done by a military man under military orders .
We 're supposed to carry out orders and not question them . "
In the same interview , Spaatz referred to the Japanese military 's plan to get better peace terms , and he gave an alternative to the atomic bombings :
" If we were to go ahead with the plans for a conventional invasion with ground and naval forces , I believe the Japanese thought that they could inflict very heavy casualties on us and possibly as a result get better surrender terms .
On the other hand if they knew or were told that no invasion would take place [ and ] that bombing would continue until the surrender , why I think the surrender would have taken place just about the same time . "
( Herbert Feis Papers , Box 103 , N.B.C. Interviews , Carl Spaatz interview by Len Giovannitti , Library of Congress ) .
~~~BRIGADIER GENERAL CARTER CLARKE
" ... when we did n't need to do it , and we knew we did n't need to do it , and they knew that we knew we did n't need to do it , we used them as an experiment for two atomic bombs . "
Quoted in Gar Alperovitz , The Decision To Use the Atomic Bomb , pg. 359 .
Parliament has toughened sanctions against all sorts of sexual offences
Polish MPs have passed legislation making it obligatory to chemically castrate certain sex offenders .
Under the law anyone found guilty of raping children under 15 , or close relatives , will be given drugs to lower their sex drive .
All but three MPs present in the lower house voted for the measures .
They were part of a bill that also increases jail terms for incest and paedophilia , and criminalises any attempt to justify paedophilia .
Anyone propagating such a view is subject to a prison term of up to two years .
The same sentence will be applicable to anyone attempting to seduce a child under 15 years of age over the internet .
The legislation must still pass the senate before taking effect .
Recycled Paperboard Furniture from Way Basics : Simple , Strong , Green
Tired of supporting the plywood industry ?
Looking for an alternative for home furnishings that you can feel good about ?
Check out the WayBasics line of 99 % post - consumer recycled paperboard shelving !
No off - gassing , no virgin paper or wood used in the manufacture , just a simple , strong , green addition to any room .
The WayBasics line is made from zBoards – paperboard and corrugated paper in overlapping layers , made with a proprietary process – which are just as strong as common particle board constructed furniture .
The company refers to the zBoard as the “ carbon fiber of paper ” .
And because it ’s made from paperboard , the zBoards can be recycled again at the end of its life .
Even the packaging is made from recycled materials .
httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qWGHQksdNlw
WayBasics furniture is designed for use for most storage , home , and work purposes .
Shelves can hold up to 100 pounds , and you can easily add a divider / support zBoard and hold up to 100 pounds per shelf for your really big and heavy things .
These extremely sturdy yet lightweight boards hold up to plenty of use , and the assembly is super simple : “ Just peel , stick , and you ’re done .
No tools , no hardware , no fuss . ”
httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_lr8Bx8HLXc
The line includes shelves , cubbies , tables , even desks !
zBoards are made in Taiwan , using an eco-friendly water - based glue .
According to the company , Taiwan inherited advanced Japanese paper engineering and manufacturing processes which enable 74 % of its total paper production to come from recycled paper .
Taiwan also recycles 60 % of paper used , compared to 50 % here in the US .
Please follow and like us :
Related
‘ Punkin ’ the Birthers : Priceless ’
Created : August 06 , 2009 13:18 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
It ’s looking more and more like the forged “ Kenyan birth certificate ” released by Orly Taitz on Sunday was a prank by a supporter of President Obama .
Politijab points to an anonymous blogger at FearlessBlogging , who has uploaded four photos of the original forgery and a mocking declaration :
Fine cotton business paper : $ 11
Inkjet printer : $ 35
1940 Royal Model KMM manual typewriter : $ 10
2 Shilling coin : $ 1
Pilot Varsity fountain pen : $ 3
Punkin ’ the Birthers : Priceless
First , there ’s the original photo of the infamous forged certificate on a red , striped carpet , as it appeared on WorldNetDaily .
Then , a photo of a typewriter and special paper for making official - looking documents .
Then , a crumpled - up certificate :
Then , the punchline :
–
* You can follow TWI on Twitter and Facebook . *
W A S H I N G T O N , Dec. 28 , 2000 -- President Clinton on Thursday projected that the nation will enjoy a $ 1.9 trillion budget surplus over the next decade .
Increasing the pressure on President - elect George W. Bush and the Republican Congress to pay down the debt before cutting taxes , Clinton said the increase in the expected surplus could make the government debt - free by 2010 .
The fiscal 2001 budget surplus was projected at $ 256 billion , White House officials said .
The fiscal 2000 surplus was $ 237 billion , officials said , which capped four straight years of budget surpluses .
This was the first time the country has had four straight budget surpluses since 1930 , officials said .
The increase in the surplus , which does not include the Social Security or the Medicare surplus , marks the ninth consecutive year in which the government ’s bottom line has improved , a first .
In June , Clinton projected a 10 - year surplus of $ 1.87 trillion .
The new figure was $ 300 million higher .
“ These are conservative numbers , ” Clinton said at a White House news conference .
Surplus Politics
The booming economy also will allow the country to pay off the debt by 2009 if it dedicates its entire budget surplus to debt reduction , White House budget director Jack Lew said .
“ America is on track to becoming debt - free , ” Lew said .
Over that same 10 - year period , the surplus for Social Security is expected to grow to $ 2.5 trillion while the Medicare surplus is expected to grow to $ 532 billion , Lew said .
President - elect Bush argued during his campaign that his proposal for more than $ 1.3 trillion in tax cuts over 10 years can be paid for by budget surpluses without eroding Social Security ’s trust funds .
But he has also been cautioning of a potential downturn in the economy — a forecast that the White House deplored as without basis and likely to be damaging to the economy .
SFPD undercover squad takes aim at Tenderloin
Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close SFPD undercover squad takes aim at Tenderloin 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Danny Manning was once robbed by a pregnant woman .
A few weeks ago , a teenager pointed a sawed - off 12 - gauge at his face .
Recently , he was jumped , beaten and robbed by three women in front of the Golden Gate Theater - at 3 in the afternoon .
This is n't a run of bad luck .
It 's his job .
Manning and his buddy Kevin " Scrappy " Healy are members of the San Francisco Police Department 's RAT ( Robbery Abatement Team ) squad .
Wearing wigs , fake teeth , and , in Manning 's case , a cheetah - print dress , they prowl neighborhoods like the Tenderloin , buying drugs , attracting thugs and getting ripped off .
" I do n't use the term ' bait , ' " said Healy , who estimates he 's been robbed 500 times in a 14 - year career .
" I prefer to say I act as if I am vulnerable . "
It sounds like a win-win .
Not only are they flushing out the low - level thugs , but those perpetrators are often convicted .
It is hard to beat a case where the mugger robs or sells drugs directly to a cop .
Some complain that the drug arrests generated when an undercover cop makes a buy , called a buy - bust are mostly low - level dealers .
But if new police Chief George Gascón is trying to clean up the Tenderloin , small dealers should be busted .
Entrapment questions
You can bet that buy - bust and RAT operations will be featured in the new chief 's plans , even if critics claim that when Healy sits slumped on a Tenderloin sidewalk with a $ 20 bill hanging out of his shirt pocket , it is entrapment .
" The question we need to ask , " said Public Defender Jeff Adachi , " is do we want the police spending tens of thousands of dollars enticing homeless people to commit crimes ?
It looks to me as if they are targeting homeless shelters , soup kitchens and medical clinics . "
But police say the buy - bust operations focus on crime hot spots .
Healy and Manning disagree with Adachi 's contention that they arrest mostly poor and homeless people and say they consciously try to go after the bigger fish .
Healy says he charted the 70 to 80 arrests he made in 2008 and of those , 40 to 50 percent were either on probation or parole , and " 90 percent had been arrested before for similar crimes . "
The argument about entrapment is likely to continue , but it 's indisputable that undercover officers like Healy and Manning are making a difference .
Healy says one of the reasons he got into undercover work is that his mother used to work on the edge of the Tenderloin , and she used to tell him that she and her co-workers feared getting mugged walking to their cars after work .
" It 's not like we are arresting people who are not committing crimes , " he said .
Healy says one of the ironies of the job is how often the sting is " spoiled " when someone walks up and pushes the money back down his pocket and says , " Hey , this is the Tenderloin .
You 've got to be more careful . "
Drug stings
For all the danger , Manning says , the key is not to take yourself too seriously .
He jokes that with the new emphasis on drug stings , he may have to bring back his cheetah - print dress .
Laugh if you want , but he says he made five drug buys in that dress .
For some reason , perhaps because he only weighs 135 pounds , Healy seems to be the champ at attracting strong - arm robbery .
He 's had his nose broken , eyes blacked and has been thrown to the sidewalk more times than he can count .
" About two or three months ago , I had a guy , like 6 - 5 , 300 pounds , grab me by the shirt and start shaking me , " he said .
" They asked me in court if I was scared .
I said , ' Damn right I was scared . ' "
So was Manning when a teenage kid offering fake drugs tried to steal his cash .
The buy went sideways when the kid pulled out a sawed - off shotgun .
Manning ended up on his hands and knees crawling out of danger as backup arrived .
" People keep saying I 'm getting too old for this job , " said Manning .
" But I do n't see anybody else stepping up to do it . "
Articles de référence : Fétichisme Fétichisme
Perversions sexuelles
Voir tous les articles
Your browser cannot play this video .
lai13dj Mot : Pseudo : Filtrer Page : 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 15 Dernière Page Page Suivante Page Précédente Première Page Bas de page Auteur Sujet : douceur mohair mohairdamo​ur Profil : Doctinaute de bronze Posté le 02/03/2007 à 13:29:42
Comme le souligne gysmodespu lls ( à propos ça veut dire quoi ce pseudo parce qu’à part la fin est ce que gysmo signifierait give me des pulls ? ) si j’ai un jour franchi le seuil de quelques site consacrés aux amateurs de lainage &amp ; plus particulièrement du mohair &amp ; de l’angora , dès que ça devient un peu plus précis , dès que certains font ( enfin ! ) preuve de franchise , dès qu’on souhaite réellement échanger , discuter afin de se sentir un peu moins seul , surgissent tout un tas de censeurs zé autres empêcheurs de s’emmitoufler qui sous couvert d’un anonymat commode s’amusent &amp ; se moquent de cet engouement .. quand ils ne nous insultent pas !
Du coup entre quelques ( bien trop réels ) détraqué(e ) s , de vrais faux amateurs , bon nombre de dissimulateurs zé autres affabulateurs j’avoue n’avoir que rarement trouvé d’équivalents adeptes assez honnêtes pour oser s’épancher &amp ; confier en toute franchise les joies &amp ; peines que notre intérêt suscite ou provoque … tant chez nous qu’auprès de nos entourages .
Malgré tout au début janvier ( mais ailleurs qu’ici ) je m’étais lancé finalement &amp ; avais écrit en réponse à une question ce qui suit : 23/1 Aussi souvent que possible je m'habille &amp ; n'aime me vêtir qu'en d'exquis mohair pelucheux &amp ; moelleux y compris au boulot mais davantage lorsque je rentre &amp ; me change à la maison pour en ajouter de supplémentaires ou mieux " adaptés " à mes érectiles tensions &amp ; désirs .
Sauf qu'il me faut maintenant tempérer ou dissimuler cet accoutrement divinement poilu tant cela semble gêner mon épouse qui refuse aussi catégoriquement que nous fassions l'amour ainsi tout emmitouflés .
Imagine t elle seulement les délices , sensations &amp ; plaisirs qu'elle se , me &amp ; nous refuse ?
Puis quelques jours plus tard , aux réactions ( pas toutes correctes malheureusement ! ) j’avais malgré tout précisé ce qui suit … avant de définitivement cesser l’excitation curieuse ou imbécile de prétendus amateurs .
26/1 J’aime , que dis je j’adore essentiellement le mohair , point trop épais mais immensément poilus &amp ; doux qu’alors j’apprécie mettre ( selon les températures ) en au minimum 2 épaisseurs … réservant l’ajout de supplémentaires couches – totalement emmitouflé de la tête aux pieds , du bout des doigts à l’extrémité de mon sexe - pour d’exquises gâteries certes plaisantes mais oh combien désolantes &amp ; tristes maintenant puisque je dois m’y adonner en solitaire ... &amp ; en cachette de mon épouse .
Celle ci feint d’ignorer mon regain d’intérêt mais n’hésite pas à me tancer ou se moquer de ma passion &amp ; de ma façon de m’habiller jusque &amp ; y compris devant des inconnu(e ) s … surtout si ceux ou celles ci ont eut le malheur de s’approcher , me toucher ou simplement me féliciter de la douceur &amp ; confort que mes suaves tenues doivent me procurer .
Je dirais alors que j’ai plutôt honte pour elle , même si parfois j’entends effectivement quelques remarques étonnées ou franchement stupides concernant l’allure qu’on me trouve .
Probable qu’alors protégé par l’aspect infiniment poilu de mon « accoutrement » ( dixit mon épouse ! ) pas fier mais peut être rasséréné par la sensualité &amp ; la constante excitation érotique , je me sens comme « protégé » &amp ; dans mon doux cocon de mohair à l’abri des quolibets zé autres insinuations … à propos de mon appartenance ou préférences sexuelles !
Franchement je m’en fous alors &amp ; rit gentiment en imaginant leur effarement si seulement ils ou elles découvraient qu’en plus je porte parfois dissimulé sous mon pantalon , collant , slip , jambière ou entière combinaison moulante qui m’excite davantage à chaque pas !
Non ce qui me pose problème &amp ; m’ennuie c’est plutôt la réaction , l ’intolérance &amp ; l’incompréhension de mon épouse qui semblait au début pourtant apprécier nos douces agapes enlainées .
Ce qui m’ennuie davantage donc , c’est que face à son intransigeance , face à son refus de partager ( même épisodiquement ) cet attrait , je sois obligé de laineusement me combler &amp ; satisfaire en secret .
Ce qui m’ennuie aussi maintenant c’est que j’en ai un peu marre de toujours devoir m’auto suffire &amp ; rêve ou fantasme grave à vouloir assouvir &amp ; partager cet engouement avec un(e ) identique adepte des plaisirs &amp ; extases données &amp ; reçues dans &amp ; avec d’exquis mohairs pelucheux ….. bien évidemment en cachette .
Peut être qu’alors là j’éprouve un peu de honte avant de , si par bonheur je rencontre cet ( tte ) accroc au mohair , ressentir quelques remords de m’être laissé emporter dans de coupables mais bienfaisantes polissonneries tout emmitouflé en de moelleux mohairs !
Inutile de préciser quelles réactions &amp ; propos ma franchise déclencha !
Déjà qu’on subit tous plus ou moins le regard &amp ; la consternation de nos proches , ce n’est pas pour en récolter de supplémentaires en des forums de discussions !
Heureusement … enfin j’espère que j’ai enfin trouvé ici quelques réels &amp ; tolérants amateurs prêts à faire quelques douces confidences … sans fioritures ni orgueil … mal placé !
A tout bientôt , MdA Reprise du message précédent :
Comme le souligne gysmodespu lls ( à propos ça veut dire quoi ce pseudo parce qu’à part la fin est ce que gysmo signifierait give me des pulls ? ) si j’ai un jour franchi le seuil de quelques site consacrés aux amateurs de lainage & plus particulièrement du mohair & de l’angora , dès que ça devient un peu plus précis , dès que certains font ( enfin ! ) preuve de franchise , dès qu’on souhaite réellement échanger , discuter afin de se sentir un peu moins seul , surgissent tout un tas de censeurs zé autres empêcheurs de s’emmitoufler qui sous couvert d’un anonymat commode s’amusent & se moquent de cet engouement .. quand ils ne nous insultent pas !
Du coup entre quelques ( bien trop réels ) détraqué(e ) s , de vrais faux amateurs , bon nombre de dissimulateurs zé autres affabulateurs j’avoue n’avoir que rarement trouvé d’équivalents adeptes assez honnêtes pour oser s’épancher & confier en toute franchise les joies & peines que notre intérêt suscite ou provoque … tant chez nous qu’auprès de nos entourages .
Malgré tout au début janvier ( mais ailleurs qu’ici ) je m’étais lancé finalement & avais écrit en réponse à une question ce qui suit :
23/1 Aussi souvent que possible je m'habille & n'aime me vêtir qu'en d'exquis mohair pelucheux & moelleux y compris au boulot mais davantage lorsque je rentre & me change à la maison pour en ajouter de supplémentaires ou mieux " adaptés " à mes érectiles tensions & désirs .
Sauf qu'il me faut maintenant tempérer ou dissimuler cet accoutrement divinement poilu tant cela semble gêner mon épouse qui refuse aussi catégoriquement que nous fassions l'amour ainsi tout emmitouflés .
Imagine t elle seulement les délices , sensations & plaisirs qu'elle se , me & nous refuse ?
Puis quelques jours plus tard , aux réactions ( pas toutes correctes malheureusement ! ) j’avais malgré tout précisé ce qui suit … avant de définitivement cesser l’excitation curieuse ou imbécile de prétendus amateurs .
26/1 J’aime , que dis je j’adore essentiellement le mohair , point trop épais mais immensément poilus & doux qu’alors j’apprécie mettre ( selon les températures ) en au minimum 2 épaisseurs … réservant l’ajout de supplémentaires couches – totalement emmitouflé de la tête aux pieds , du bout des doigts à l’extrémité de mon sexe - pour d’exquises gâteries certes plaisantes mais oh combien désolantes & tristes maintenant puisque je dois m’y adonner en solitaire ... & en cachette de mon épouse .
Celle ci feint d’ignorer mon regain d’intérêt mais n’hésite pas à me tancer ou se moquer de ma passion & de ma façon de m’habiller jusque & y compris devant des inconnu(e ) s … surtout si ceux ou celles ci ont eut le malheur de s’approcher , me toucher ou simplement me féliciter de la douceur & confort que mes suaves tenues doivent me procurer .
Je dirais alors que j’ai plutôt honte pour elle , même si parfois j’entends effectivement quelques remarques étonnées ou franchement stupides concernant l’allure qu’on me trouve .
Probable qu’alors protégé par l’aspect infiniment poilu de mon « accoutrement » ( dixit mon épouse ! ) pas fier mais peut être rasséréné par la sensualité & la constante excitation érotique , je me sens comme « protégé » & dans mon doux cocon de mohair à l’abri des quolibets zé autres insinuations … à propos de mon appartenance ou préférences sexuelles !
Franchement je m’en fous alors & rit gentiment en imaginant leur effarement si seulement ils ou elles découvraient qu’en plus je porte parfois dissimulé sous mon pantalon , collant , slip , jambière ou entière combinaison moulante qui m’excite davantage à chaque pas !
Non ce qui me pose problème & m’ennuie c’est plutôt la réaction , l ’intolérance & l’incompréhension de mon épouse qui semblait au début pourtant apprécier nos douces agapes enlainées .
Ce qui m’ennuie davantage donc , c’est que face à son intransigeance , face à son refus de partager ( même épisodiquement ) cet attrait , je sois obligé de laineusement me combler & satisfaire en secret .
Ce qui m’ennuie aussi maintenant c’est que j ’en ai un peu marre de toujours devoir m’auto suffire & rêve ou fantasme grave à vouloir assouvir & partager cet engouement avec un(e ) identique adepte des plaisirs & extases données & reçues dans & avec d’exquis mohairs pelucheux ….. bien évidemment en cachette .
Peut être qu’alors là j’éprouve un peu de honte avant de , si par bonheur je rencontre cet ( tte ) accroc au mohair , ressentir quelques remords de m’être laissé emporter dans de coupables mais bienfaisantes polissonneries tout emmitouflé en de moelleux mohairs !
Inutile de préciser quelles réactions & propos ma franchise déclencha !
Déjà qu’on subit tous plus ou moins le regard & la consternation de nos proches , ce n’est pas pour en récolter de supplémentaires en des forums de discussions !
Heureusement … enfin j’espère que j’ai enfin trouvé ici quelques réels & tolérants amateurs prêts à faire quelques douces confidences … sans fioritures ni orgueil … mal placé !
A tout bientôt , MdA
Comme le souligne gysmodespu lls ( à propos ça veut dire quoi ce pseudo parce qu’à part la fin est ce que gysmo signifierait give me des pulls ? ) si j’ai un jour franchi le seuil de quelques site consacrés aux amateurs de lainage & plus particulièrement du mohair & de l’angora , dès que ça devient un peu plus précis , dès que certains font ( enfin ! ) preuve de franchise , dès qu’on souhaite réellement échanger , discuter afin de se sentir un peu moins seul , surgissent tout un tas de censeurs zé autres empêcheurs de s’emmitoufler qui sous couvert d’un anonymat commode s’amusent & se moquent de cet engouement .. quand ils ne nous insultent pas !
Du coup entre quelques ( bien trop réels ) détraqué(e ) s , de vrais faux amateurs , bon nombre de dissimulateurs zé autres affabulateurs j’avoue n’avoir que rarement trouvé d’équivalents adeptes assez honnêtes pour oser s’épancher & confier en toute franchise les joies & peines que notre intérêt suscite ou provoque … tant chez nous qu’auprès de nos entourages .
Malgré tout au début janvier ( mais ailleurs qu’ici ) je m’étais lancé finalement & avais écrit en réponse à une question ce qui suit :23/1
Aussi souvent que possible je m'habille & n'aime me vêtir qu'en d'exquis mohair pelucheux & moelleux y compris au boulot mais davantage lorsque je rentre & me change à la maison pour en ajouter de supplémentaires ou mieux " adaptés " à mes érectiles tensions & désirs .
Sauf qu'il me faut maintenant tempérer ou dissimuler cet accoutrement divinement poilu tant cela semble gêner mon épouse qui refuse aussi catégoriquement que nous fassions l'amour ainsi tout emmitouflés .
Imagine t elle seulement les délices , sensations & plaisirs qu'elle se , me & nous refuse ?
Puis quelques jours plus tard , aux réactions ( pas toutes correctes malheureusement ! ) j’avais malgré tout précisé ce qui suit … avant de définitivement cesser l’excitation curieuse ou imbécile de prétendus amateurs .
26/1 J’aime , que dis je j’adore essentiellement le mohair , point trop épais mais immensément poilus & doux qu’alors j’apprécie mettre ( selon les températures ) en au minimum 2 épaisseurs … réservant l’ajout de supplémentaires couches – totalement emmitouflé de la tête aux pieds , du bout des doigts à l’extrémité de mon sexe - pour d’exquises gâteries certes plaisantes mais oh combien désolantes & tristes maintenant puisque je dois m’y adonner en solitaire ... & en cachette de mon épouse .
Celle ci feint d’ignorer mon regain d’intérêt mais n’hésite pas à me tancer ou se moquer de ma passion & de ma façon de m’habiller jusque & y compris devant des inconnu(e ) s … surtout si ceux ou celles ci ont eut le malheur de s’approcher , me toucher ou simplement me féliciter de la douceur & confort que mes suaves tenues doivent me procurer .
Je dirais alors que j’ai plutôt honte pour elle , même si parfois j’entends effectivement quelques remarques étonnées ou franchement stupides concernant l’allure qu’on me trouve .
Probable qu’alors protégé par l’aspect infiniment poilu de mon « accoutrement » ( dixit mon épouse ! ) pas fier mais peut être rasséréné par la sensualité & la constante excitation érotique , je me sens comme « protégé » & dans mon doux cocon de mohair à l’abri des quolibets zé autres insinuations … à propos de mon appartenance ou préférences sexuelles !
Franchement je m’en fous alors & rit gentiment en imaginant leur effarement si seulement ils ou elles découvraient qu’en plus je porte parfois dissimulé sous mon pantalon , collant , slip , jambière ou entière combinaison moulante qui m’excite davantage à chaque pas !
Non ce qui me pose problème & m’ennuie c’est plutôt la réaction , l ’intolérance & l’incompréhension de mon épouse qui semblait au début pourtant apprécier nos douces agapes enlainées .
Ce qui m’ennuie davantage donc , c’est que face à son intransigeance , face à son refus de partager ( même épisodiquement ) cet attrait , je sois obligé de laineusement me combler & satisfaire en secret .
Ce qui m’ennuie aussi maintenant c’est que j ’en ai un peu marre de toujours devoir m’auto suffire & rêve ou fantasme grave à vouloir assouvir & partager cet engouement avec un(e ) identique adepte des plaisirs & extases données & reçues dans & avec d’exquis mohairs pelucheux ….. bien évidemment en cachette .
Peut ê tre qu’alors là j’éprouve un peu de honte avant de , si par bonheur je rencontre cet ( tte ) accroc au mohair , ressentir quelques remords de m’être laissé emporter dans de coupables mais bienfaisantes polissonneries tout emmitouflé en de moelleux mohairs !
Inutile de préciser quelles réactions & propos ma franchise déclencha !
Déjà qu’on subit tous plus ou moins le regard & la consternation de nos proches , ce n’est pas pour en récolter de supplémentaires en des forums de discussions !
Heureusement … enfin j’espère que j’ai enfin trouvé ici quelques réels & tolérants amateurs prêts à faire quelques douces confidences … sans fioritures ni orgueil … mal placé !
A tout bientôt , MdA 0 Votez pour ce message Se connecter Créer un compte gro51ty Invité Posté le 02/03/2007 à 13:37:19
Bonjour à tous , C'est en effet agréable de parler à des rares personnes qui peuvent comprendre l'effet que peut nous faire un gros col roulé .
Ca peut sembler tellement bizarre pour les autres .
Mais c'est ca le fétichisme , c'est avant tout une attirance bizarre souvent difficile à expliquer .
Pour Enlaine3 , tout ce qui est gros pullover très grosse maille à base de laine m'excite terriblement , surtout avec un gros col roulé .
C'est vrai que le mohair m'excite particulièrement par sa douceur et son coté féminin : pt1 cable :
Hier , étant seul ( c'est rare ) ke me suis fait des scénarios en ayant mis 2 pulls gigantesques en mohair , le genre de pull que l'on voit sur internet mais malheureusement trop rarement dans la rue .
J'ai surtout fantasmé sur des rôles de soumission et domination dans cet acoutrement quelque peu féminin .
: fou :
C'est en effet agréable de parler à des rares personnes qui peuvent comprendre l'effet que peut nous faire un gros col roulé .
Ca peut sembler tellement bizarre pour les autres .
Mais c'est ca le fétichisme , c'est avant tout une attirance bizarre souvent difficile à expliquer .
Pour Enlaine3 , tout ce qui est gros pullover très grosse maille à base de laine m'excite terriblement , surtout avec un gros col roulé .
C'est vrai que le mohair m'excite particulièrement par sa douceur et son coté féminin
Hier , étant seul ( c'est rare ) ke me suis fait des scénarios en ayant mis 2 pulls gigantesques en mohair , le genre de pull que l'on voit sur internet mais malheureusement trop rarement dans la rue .
J'ai surtout fantasmé sur des rôles de soumission et domination dans cet acoutrement quelque peu féminin .
Bonjour à tous , C'est en effet agréable de parler à des rares personnes qui peuvent comprendre l'effet que peut nous faire un gros col roulé .
Ca peut sembler tellement bizarre pour les autres .
Mais c'est ca le fétichisme , c'est avant tout une attirance bizarre souvent difficile à expliquer .
Pour Enlaine3 , tout ce qui est gros pullover très grosse maille à base de laine m'excite terriblement , surtout avec un gros col roulé .
C'est vrai que le mohair m'excite particulièrement par sa douceur et son coté fémininHier , étant seul ( c'est rare ) ke me suis fait des scénarios en ayant mis 2 pulls gigantesques en mohair , le genre de pull que l'on voit sur internet mais malheureusement trop rarement dans la rue .
J'ai surtout fantasmé sur des rôles de soumission et domination dans cet acoutrement quelque peu féminin .
0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte mohairdamo​ur Profil : Doctinaute de bronze Posté le 02/03/2007 à 13:51:19
En ce qui me concerne je ne fantasme mais alors pas du tout sur l'aspect féminisation ou soumission que susciterait mes essayages .
Pas plus pour ce qui est domination ou momification malgré les épaisseurs dans lesquelles j'adore me lover .
Plutôt pour l'aspect cocooning , pour les douceurs , pour la sensualité , pour la volupté à voir &amp ; caresser tout en l'étant en parallèle , je n'éprouve point d'attrait donc pour les restrictions zé autres jeux plus ou moins contraignants , fussent ils en d'exquis mohair !
Même s'il s'agit de jeux ( convenablement prévus &amp ; scénarisés d'avance ? ) je ne conçois pas tout le bien qu'il y aurait à , si ce n'est se faire mal , tout au moins à chaudement souffrir !
Ma jouissance est partage , douceur &amp ; attention à moelleusement se satisfaire l'un l'autre &amp ; n'étant point attiré par ce genre de pratiques je me félicite de les laisser à celles &amp ; ceux qui en ont besoin !
Et sachez bien que je ne les juge pas , tout au plus je n'y comprends rien !
Désolé mais va falloir que je vous quitte ... A plus , MdA
Ma jouissance est partage , douceur & attention à moelleusement se satisfaire l'un l'autre & n'étant point attiré par ce genre de pratiques je me félicite de les laisser à celles & ceux qui en ont besoin !
Et sachez bien que je ne les juge pas , tout au plus je n'y comprends rien !
Désolé mais va falloir que je vous quitte ... A plus , MdA
En ce qui me concerne je ne fantasme mais alors pas du tout sur l'aspect féminisation ou soumission que susciterait mes essayages .
Pas plus pour ce qui est domination ou momification malgré les épaisseurs dans lesquelles j'adore me lover .
Plutôt pour l'aspect cocooning , pour les douceurs , pour la sensualité , pour la volupté à voir & caresser tout en l'étant en parallèle , je n'éprouve point d'attrait donc pour les restrictions zé autres jeux plus ou moins contraignants , fussent ils en d'exquis mohair !
Même s'il s'agit de jeux ( convenablement prévus & scénarisés d'avance ? ) je ne conçois pas tout le bien qu'il y aurait à , si ce n'est se faire mal , tout au moins à chaudement souffrir !
Ma jouissance est partage , douceur & attention à moelleusement se satisfaire l'un l'autre & n'étant point attiré par ce genre de pratiques je me félicite de les laisser à celles & ceux qui en ont besoin !
Et sachez bien que je ne les juge pas , tout au plus je n'y comprends rien !
Désolé mais va falloir que je vous quitte ... A plus , MdA 0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte ( Publicité ) furdanimo Profil : Doctinaute d'argent Posté le 02/03/2007 à 14:22:09 quel énorme plaisir de ne pas se sentir seul , savoir que dans d'autres coins du monde ( malheureusement souvent trop loin pour qu'il y ai contact ) mais qui sait !
d'autres personnes partagent notre passion , notre amour , pour cette laine douce et poilue qu'est le MOHAIR , cependant , il est regrettable que d'autres personnes toutes proches ( ma femme ) ne veulent sous aucun prétexte partager notre passion soit sous prétexte que celà pique !... soit ( je crois ) par jalousie ma femme me dit souvent ( lorsque je lui montre un article oul ' autre ) que nous n'aimons pas notre partenaire mais uniquement ce qui l'enrobe ... c'est pourquoi , chaque soir , j'attend avec impatience qu'elle se branche au lit , devant la télé pour rejoindre mon pc devant lequel je ne porte que des pulls supers poilus l'un sous mes fesses , l'autre sur les genoux , un troisième sur les épaules avec les manches autour du cou et devant la bouche et le nez car OUI , j'adore en plus de sa douceur , humer l'odeur d'une laine bien chaude ... et croyez - moi , je tarde a me mettre au lit car avant celà , je prends plaisir et jouissance dans cette divine matière et pour se faire , rien de tel que se donner ce plaisir tout en lisant vos commentaires a très bientôt et surtout MOHAIREUSE fin de journée quel énorme plaisir de ne pas se sentir seul , savoir que dans d'autres coins du monde ( malheureusement souvent trop loin pour qu'il y ai contact ) mais qui sait !
d'autres personnes partagent notre passion , notre amour , pour cette laine douce et poilue qu'est le MOHAIR , cependant , il est regrettable que d'autres personnes toutes proches ( ma femme ) ne veulent sous aucun prétexte partager notre passion soit sous prétexte que celà pique !... soit ( je crois ) par jalousie ma femme me dit souvent ( lorsque je lui montre un article oul ' autre ) que nous n'aimons pas notre partenaire mais uniquement ce qui l'enrobe ... c'est pourquoi , chaque soir , j'attend avec impatience qu'elle se branche au lit , devant la télé pour rejoindre mon pc devant lequel je ne porte que des pulls supers poilus l'un sous mes fesses , l'autre sur les genoux , un troisième sur les épaules avec les manches autour du cou et devant la bouche et le nez car OUI , j'adore en plus de sa douceur , humer l'odeur d'une laine bien chaude ... et croyez - moi , je tarde a me mettre au lit car avant celà , je prends plaisir et jouissance dans cette divine matière et pour se faire , rien de tel que se donner ce plaisir tout en lisant vos commentaires a très bientôt et surtout MOHAIREUSE fin de journée 0 Votez pour ce message Se connecter Créer un compte gys77db Invité Posté le 02/03/2007 à 15:08:14 et ben et ben .......... que de récits enfin qui comblent se site et me comble aussi à lire .
: ange : alors pourquoi guysmodespulls ?????????
: ange : tout d'abord pour la fin du mot des pulls ........... ok tout le monde comprend .
Maintenant " gysmo " est un petit animal imaginaire qui existe dans le film " Greemlins " et qui peut se transformer sous certaines conditions .
et ben moi c'est un peu pareil , on ne m'aperçoit pas comme je suis dans ma tête avec toutes ces pulsions fétichistes de laine , de mohair et tout ce qui a attrait avec ça .
J'ai aussi d'autres fantasmes bien caché ( pas pour moi bien sûr ) mais ça c'est encore autre chose .
et pis gysmo a été pendant longtemps mon surnom parce que je chante comme lui dans le film ..... et ça reste encore d'ailleurs .
voilà plus de mystère sur mon pseudo ........... mais c'est bon de discuter avec des fétichistes tel que vous tous : hello : : hello : : hello : j'en profite pour dire que j'adore les fantasmes de grossemaillemohair : bounce : : bounce : et que enlaine3 à trouvé ici de quoi partagé son fétichisme en récit et pourquoi pas peut être en réel ??
sur ce
alors pourquoi guysmodespulls ?????????
tout d'abord pour la fin du mot des pulls ........... ok tout le monde comprend .
Maintenant " gysmo " est un petit animal imaginaire qui existe dans le film " Greemlins " et qui peut se transformer sous certaines conditions .
et ben moi c'est un peu pareil , on ne m'aperçoit pas comme je suis dans ma tête avec toutes ces pulsions fétichistes de laine , de mohair et tout ce qui a attrait avec ça .
J'ai aussi d'autres fantasmes bien caché ( pas pour moi bien sûr ) mais ça c'est encore autre chose .
et pis gysmo a été pendant longtemps mon surnom parce que je chante comme lui dans le film ..... et ça reste encore d'ailleurs .
voilà plus de mystère sur mon pseudo ........... mais c'est bon de discuter avec des fétichistes tel que vous tous
j'en profite pour dire que j'adore les fantasmes de grossemaillemohair
et que enlaine3 à trouvé ici de quoi partagé son fétichisme en récit et pourquoi pas peut être en réel ??
sur ce
Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote
Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote et ben et ben .......... que de récits enfin qui comblent se site et me comble aussi à lire .
alors pourquoi guysmodespulls ????????? tout d'abord pour la fin du mot des pulls ........... ok tout le monde comprend .
Maintenant " gysmo " est un petit animal imaginaire qui existe dans le film " Greemlins " et qui peut se transformer sous certaines conditions .
et ben moi c'est un peu pareil , on ne m'aperçoit pas comme je suis dans ma tête avec toutes ces pulsions fétichistes de laine , de mohair et tout ce qui a attrait avec ça .
J'ai aussi d'autres fantasmes bien caché ( pas pour moi bien sûr ) mais ça c'est encore autre chose .et pis gysmo a été pendant longtemps mon surnom parce que je chante comme lui dans le film ..... et ça reste encore d'ailleurs .
voilà plus de mystère sur mon pseudo ........... mais c'est bon de discuter avec des fétichistes tel que vous tousj 'en profite pour dire que j'adore les fantasmes de grossemaillemohairet que enlaine3 à trouvé ici de quoi partagé son fétichisme en récit et pourquoi pas peut être en réel ?? sur ce 0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte furdanimo Profil : Doctinaute d'argent Posté le 02/03/2007 à 15:47:48 on se frotterait volontier aux divers pulls , robes et manteaux que nous proposent Isobel ..... j'envie , je jalouse même l'homme qui partagte sa vie .... on se frotterait volontier aux divers pulls , robes et manteaux que nous proposent Isobel ..... j'envie , je jalouse même l'homme qui partagte sa vie .... 0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte ( Publicité ) gro51ty Invité Posté le 02/03/2007 à 16:13:34
Je suis content que mes fantasmes plaisent à gysmodespulls .
Car nous avons beau être ici pour le fantasme de la laine mais celui- ci s'exprime très différemment selon les adepte de notre petite communauté .
Exemple : Pour des raisons esthétiques :
Je préfère de beaucoup un énorme pull over avec un gros col roulé qu'une combinaison même en mohair .
J'adore le jeu de la soumission / domination qui se marie tellement bien avec le fait de porter un pull qui représente une enveloppe de douceur et de féminité .
Que l'on m'oblige à porter une telle tenue , presqu' humiliante mais tellement agréable en me donnant des ordres inavouable ou soumettre un(e ) partenaire à mes désirs laineux : pt1 cable :
Oui c'est vrai que je préfère de beaucoup jouer à ce jeu avec une femme avec une poitrine très généreuse ( autre de mes fantasmes ) mais existe - t - il vraiment une femme aussi fétichiste des gros cols roulés ( mis à part Isobel peut - être avec son magnifique pull rose ? ) .
Mon fétichisme prenant le dessus , pourquoi ne pas jouer avec un ' good looking " man !!!
virtuellement d'abord puis en réel .
Très bon week - end à vous tous
Car nous avons beau être ici pour le fantasme de la laine mais celui- ci s'exprime très différemment selon les adepte de notre petite communauté .
Exemple :
Pour des raisons esthétiques :
Je préfère de beaucoup un énorme pull over avec un gros col roulé qu'une combinaison même en mohair .
J'adore le jeu de la soumission / domination qui se marie tellement bien avec le fait de porter un pull qui représente une enveloppe de douceur et de féminité .
Que l'on m'oblige à porter une telle tenue , presqu' humiliante mais tellement agréable en me donnant des ordres inavouable ou soumettre un(e ) partenaire à mes désirs laineux
Oui c'est vrai que je préfère de beaucoup jouer à ce jeu avec une femme avec une poitrine très généreuse ( autre de mes fantasmes ) mais existe - t - il vraiment une femme aussi fétichiste des gros cols roulés ( mis à part Isobel peut - être avec son magnifique pull rose ? ) .
Mon fétichisme prenant le dessus , pourquoi ne pas jouer avec un ' good looking " man !!!
virtuellement d'abord puis en réel .
Très bon week - end à vous tous
Je suis content que mes fantasmes plaisent à gysmodespulls .
Car nous avons beau être ici pour le fantasme de la laine mais celui- ci s'exprime très différemment selon les adepte de notre petite communauté .
Exemple : Pour des raisons esthétiques :
Je préfère de beaucoup un énorme pull over avec un gros col roulé qu'une combinaison même en mohair .
J'adore le jeu de la soumission / domination qui se marie tellement bien avec le fait de porter un pull qui représente une enveloppe de douceur et de féminité .
Que l'on m'oblige à porter une telle tenue , presqu' humiliante mais tellement agréable en me donnant des ordres inavouable ou soumettre un(e ) partenaire à mes désirs laineuxOui c'est vrai que je préfère de beaucoup jouer à ce jeu avec une femme avec une poitrine très généreuse ( autre de mes fantasmes ) mais existe - t - il vraiment une femme aussi fétichiste des gros cols roulés ( mis à part Isobel peut - être avec son magnifique pull rose ? ) .
Mon fétichisme prenant le dessus , pourquoi ne pas jouer avec un ' good looking " man !!!
virtuellement d'abord puis en réel .
Très bon week - end à vous tous 0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte gys77db Invité Posté le 02/03/2007 à 16:43:20 grossemaillemohair tes fantasmes m'interressent de plus en plus et j'avoue bien les comprendre .
J'adore aussi tes préferences sur les gros pulls à grosses mailles .
décidemment j'aime beaucoup ce que tu aimes .
et les gros col roulé c'est ma grande passion .
j'adorerai joué avec toi .
répond moi en MP et on verra ça , j'ai peut être quelque chose pour toi .
: ange : d'ailleurs tu ne m'as toujours pas répondu ............ :p
J'adore aussi tes préferences sur les gros pulls à grosses mailles .
décidemment j'aime beaucoup ce que tu aimes .
et les gros col roulé c'est ma grande passion .
j'adorerai joué avec toi .
répond moi en MP et on verra ça , j'ai peut être quelque chose pour toi .
d 'ailleurs tu ne m'as toujours pas répondu ............ grossemaillemohair tes fantasmes m'interressent de plus en plus et j'avoue bien les comprendre .
J'adore aussi tes préferences sur les gros pulls à grosses mailles .
décidemment j'aime beaucoup ce que tu aimes.et les gros col roulé c'est ma grande passion .
j' adorerai joué avec toi.répond moi en MP et on verra ça , j'ai peut être quelque chose pour toi.d ' ailleurs tu ne m'as toujours pas répondu ............ 0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte enlaine3 Posté le 02/03/2007 à 19:56:56 Grossemaillemohair , je t'imagine parfaitement vêtu d'un beau et gros pull de laine à gros col roulé et moi te déculottant lentement pour te claquer les fesses habillé moi même du gros pull à col roulé que tu peux voir sous mon pseudo !
J'en rêve !
Et comme j'aimerais me soumettre à mon tour à tes désirs laineux !
Laineuses salutations
---------------Laineuses salutations Grossemaillemohair , je t'imagine parfaitement vêtu d'un beau et gros pull de laine à gros col roulé et moi te déculottant lentement pour te claquer les fesses habillé moi même du gros pull à col roulé que tu peux voir sous mon pseudo !
J'en rêve !
Et comme j'aimerais me soumettre à mon tour à tes désirs laineux !
1 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte ( Publicité ) furdanimo Profil : Doctinaute d'argent Posté le 02/03/2007 à 22:10:08 pas mal du tout les fantasmes de notre ami grossemaillemohair ...... soyons persevérants et qui sait jour , a force d'échanger nos idées , nos fantasmes , nos désirs mohaireux , une belle personne poitrine opulente se sentirait attirée par nos commentaires d'ailleurs dans le forum fantasme , une personne se manquant un peu de notre fétiche , a finalement avoué qu'à force de nous lire elle commence a s'intereser a celui- ci et pose des questions quant a connaître nos sensations éprouvées par la laine .... je lui ai répondu qu'elle n'avait rien a perdre mais plutôt tout a gagner a force de nous questionner pas mal du tout les fantasmes de notre ami grossemaillemohair ...... soyons persevérants et qui sait jour , a force d'échanger nos idées , nos fantasmes , nos désirs mohaireux , une belle personne poitrine opulente se sentirait attirée par nos commentaires d'ailleurs dans le forum fantasme , une personne se manquant un peu de notre fétiche , a finalement avoué qu'à force de nous lire elle commence a s'intereser a celui- ci et pose des questions quant a connaître nos sensations éprouvées par la laine .... je lui ai répondu qu'elle n'avait rien a perdre mais plutôt tout a gagner a force de nous questionner 0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte mohairdamo​ur Profil : Doctinaute de bronze Posté le 03/03/2007 à 07:25:43
Comme l'évoque si justement furdamino à celui ( ou celle ? ) qui s'interessait aux sensations &amp ; plaisirs qu'on peut donner &amp ; recevoir tout en laine , j'éprouve de plus en plus de mal à seulement devoir me contenter ( pas seulement en solo ! ) mais d'uniquement fantasmer ( en des scénarios plus ou moins irréalistes faut bien le reconnaître ! ) au détriment d'enfin véritablement s'adonner quelques fois &amp ; réellement assouvir tout simplement de volupteuses extases .. avec d'équivalent ( e ) accroc .
Sans être puéril cette constance à ne rêver d'accomplissement sans jamais l'accomplir fini par lasser &amp ; salement frustrer même le plus équilibré !
Comme l'évoque si justement furdamino à celui ( ou celle ? ) qui s'interessait aux sensations & plaisirs qu'on peut donner & recevoir tout en laine , j'éprouve de plus en plus de mal à seulement devoir me contenter ( pas seulement en solo ! ) mais d'uniquement fantasmer ( en des scénarios plus ou moins irréalistes faut bien le reconnaître ! ) au détriment d'enfin véritablement s'adonner quelques fois & réellement assouvir tout simplement de volupteuses extases .. avec d'équivalent ( e ) accroc .
Sans être puéril cette constance à ne rêver d'accomplissement sans jamais l'accomplir fini par lasser & salement frustrer même le plus équilibré !
0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte furdanimo Profil : Doctinaute d'argent Posté le 03/03/2007 à 12:00:38 comme le sait déjà mohairdamour , il m'est arrivé 3 aventures ( +1 payante ) avec d'autres fétichistes et là , j'avoue qu'après cela il est dur de devoir se satisfaire en solitaire le fait d'avoir connu ces aventures me rassure et me dit que tout espoir n'est pas perdu .. mais , les beaux jours arrivent et je crains que toutes ces jolies et excitantes douceurs vont reprendre place dans les armoires ... a moins d'être comme nous super adorateurs de ces divines matières pour lesquelles il n'y a pas de saisons ... le MOHAIR sous le soleil est encore plus beau , plus attirant comme le sait déjà mohairdamour , il m'est arrivé 3 aventures ( +1 payante ) avec d'autres fétichistes et là , j'avoue qu'après cela il est dur de devoir se satisfaire en solitaire le fait d'avoir connu ces aventures me rassure et me dit que tout espoir n'est pas perdu .. mais , les beaux jours arrivent et je crains que toutes ces jolies et excitantes douceurs vont reprendre place dans les armoires ... a moins d'être comme nous super adorateurs de ces divines matières pour lesquelles il n'y a pas de saisons ... le MOHAIR sous le soleil est encore plus beau , plus attirant 0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte ( Publicité ) mohairdamo​ur Profil : Doctinaute de bronze Posté le 03/03/2007 à 13:14:06
Dommage qu'apparamment l'on soit éloigné car d'autres séances d'essayages tout en laine ou d'excitantes &amp ; jouissives séquences tout emmitouflé m'enthousiasmeraient beaucoup !!!
Reste plus qu'à !!!!!!!!!!
Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote
Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote
Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote
Reste plus qu'à !!!!!!!!!!
Dommage qu'apparamment l'on soit éloigné car d'autres séances d'essayages tout en laine ou d'excitantes & jouissives séquences tout emmitouflé m'enthousiasmeraient beaucoup !!!
Reste plus qu'à !!!!!!!!!!
0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte mohairdamo​ur Profil : Doctinaute de bronze Posté le 03/03/2007 à 14:05:02
Et voici encore de quoi voluptueusement échauffer nos rêves .. à défaut d'en profiter ... réellement !
Sûr que grossemaille appréciera autant que moi !
Maintenant passez un bon week end !!!!!
Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote
Sûr que grossemaille appréciera autant que moi !
Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote
Maintenant passez un bon week end !!!!!
Et voici encore de quoi voluptueusement échauffer nos rêves .. à défaut d'en profiter ... réellement !
Sûr que grossemaille appréciera autant que moi !
Maintenant passez un bon week end !!!!!
0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte gro51ty Invité Posté le 05/03/2007 à 13:21:29
Bonjour à tous , week - end un peu trop chaud à mon goût Désolé , je suis sans internet le week - end !
et je n'ai pas pu répondre aux réactions concernant mes fantasmes qui semblent trouver un echo favorable .
Enlaine3 : c'est avec plaisir que je me soumettrai à ta punition vêtu d'un énorme col roulé d'une maille très épaisse .....
Mais attention , je pourrai exiger de toi des choses encore plus humiliantes ... : kaola : gysmodespulls :
Je t'avais répondu en PM mais apparemment tu n'as pas vu mon message .
je réessaye maintenant .
Apparemment nous avons beaucoup de goûts communs .
: bounce : Mohairdamour : comme je le disais , je ne suis pas trop adepte de combinaisons , mais plutot de GROS COL ROULE comme l'orange de ta photo .
question de goût .
week - end un peu trop chaud à mon goût
Désolé , je suis sans internet le week - end !
et je n'ai pas pu répondre aux réactions concernant mes fantasmes qui semblent trouver un echo favorable .
Enlaine3 : c'est avec plaisir que je me soumettrai à ta punition vêtu d'un énorme col roulé d'une maille très épaisse .....
Mais attention , je pourrai exiger de toi des choses encore plus humiliantes ...
gysmodespulls : Je t'avais répondu en PM mais apparemment tu n'as pas vu mon message .
je réessaye maintenant .
Apparemment nous avons beaucoup de goûts communs .
Mohairdamour : comme je le disais , je ne suis pas trop adepte de combinaisons , mais plutot de GROS COL ROULE comme l'orange de ta photo .
question de goût .
Bonjour à tous , week - end un peu trop chaud à mon goûtDésolé , je suis sans internet le week - end !
et je n'ai pas pu répondre aux réactions concernant mes fantasmes qui semblent trouver un echo favorable .
Enlaine3 : c'est avec plaisir que je me soumettrai à ta punition vêtu d'un énorme col roulé d'une maille très épaisse .....
Mais attention , je pourrai exiger de toi des choses encore plus humiliantes ... gysmodespulls :
Je t'avais répondu en PM mais apparemment tu n'as pas vu mon message .
je réessaye maintenant .
Apparemment nous avons beaucoup de goûts communs .
Mohairdamour : comme je le disais , je ne suis pas trop adepte de combinaisons , mais plutot de GROS COL ROULE comme l'orange de ta photo .
question de goût .
0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte ( Publicité ) mohairdamo​ur Profil : Doctinaute de bronze Posté le 05/03/2007 à 14:05:17
A mon goût la ou les combinaisons représentent comme ma seconde &amp ; véritable " peau " &amp ; s'avèrent en outre for commodes pour délicieusement mieux &amp ; davantage gainer , enrober d'autres pulls , jambières , collants zé autres ajouts possibles ... ou à l'inverse aussi me lover dans une combinaisons par dessus laquelle quelques collants , jambières , pantalon , énormes pulls à col gigantesques enserrant cagoules &amp ; ou bonnet s'avèrent tout autant excitant .
Qu'importe l'ordre de ces essayages &amp ; épaisseurs pourvu que ce soit en d'exquis mohair éxagérément poilus &amp ; moelleux !!!
Ainsi qu'en toute liberté de mouvement , sans obligation ni punition d'aucune sorte &amp ; encore moins d'humiliation que je trouve pour ma part à l'opposée de la douceur , de la sensualité &amp ; du confort que me procure le mohair .. &amp ; le sexe tout en mohair !
Ainsi qu'en toute liberté de mouvement , sans obligation ni punition d'aucune sorte & encore moins d'humiliation que je trouve pour ma part à l'opposée de la douceur , de la sensualité & du confort que me procure le mohair .. & le sexe tout en mohair !
A mon goût la ou les combinaisons représentent comme ma seconde & véritable " peau " & s'avèrent en outre for commodes pour délicieusement mieux & davantage gainer , enrober d'autres pulls , jambières , collants zé autres ajouts possibles ... ou à l'inverse aussi me lover dans une combinaisons par dessus laquelle quelques collants , jambières , pantalon , énormes pulls à col gigantesques enserrant cagoules & ou bonnet s'avèrent tout autant excitant .
Qu'importe l'ordre de ces essayages & épaisseurs pourvu que ce soit en d'exquis mohair éxagérément poilus & moelleux !!!
Ainsi qu'en toute liberté de mouvement , sans obligation ni punition d'aucune sorte & encore moins d'humiliation que je trouve pour ma part à l'opposée de la douceur , de la sensualité & du confort que me procure le mohair .. & le sexe tout en mohair !
0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte gys77db Invité Posté le 06/03/2007 à 13:31:26 tes photos sont superbes mohairdamour et me font beaucoup d'effet .
: love : : love : j'en vibre encore .................. énorme pulls à col gigantesque , comme c'est bien dit .
tu m'excites aussi beaucoup dans tes récits et j'aime à imaginer tant de pulls et de lainage .
Je respecte tes envies de ne pas jouer de rôle mais plutôt de s'adonner à un partage mutuel .
du moment que sex et lainage sont là ............. : pt1 cable : l'excitation est bien là aussi .
j'en vibre encore ..................
énorme pulls à col gigantesque , comme c'est bien dit .
tu m'excites aussi beaucoup dans tes récits et j'aime à imaginer tant de pulls et de lainage .
Je respecte tes envies de ne pas jouer de rôle mais plutôt de s'adonner à un partage mutuel .
du moment que sex et lainage sont là .............
l 'excitation est bien là aussi .
tes photos sont superbes mohairdamour et me font beaucoup d'effet . j'en vibre encore .................. énorme pulls à col gigantesque , comme c'est bien dit.tu m'excites aussi beaucoup dans tes récits et j'aime à imaginer tant de pulls et de lainage .
Je respecte tes envies de ne pas jouer de rôle mais plutôt de s'adonner à un partage mutuel .
du moment que sex et lainage sont là ............. l' excitation est bien là aussi .
0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte mohairdamo​ur Profil : Doctinaute de bronze Posté le 06/03/2007 à 14:21:00 Manifestement nous possédons non seulement les mêmes références pictographiques &amp ; du coup un identique engouement pour le mohair mais aussi très probablement de similaires désirs &amp ; envies à jouissivement satisfaire .... ... encore faudrait il au plus vite s'entendre !!!!
Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote
Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote
Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote
Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote
... encore faudrait il au plus vite s'entendre !!!!
Manifestement nous possédons non seulement les mêmes références pictographiques & du coup un identique engouement pour le mohair mais aussi très probablement de similaires désirs & envies à jouissivement satisfaire ....... encore faudrait il au plus vite s'entendre !!!!
Message cité 1 fois 0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte ( Publicité ) Profil supprimé Posté le 06/03/2007 à 15:27:28
Manifestement nous possédons non seulement les mêmes références pictographiques &amp ; du coup un identique engouement pour le mohair mais aussi très probablement de similaires désirs &amp ; envies à jouissivement satisfaire .... ... encore faudrait il au plus vite s'entendre !!!!
mohairdamour https://forum.doctissimo.fr/doctissimo/Fetichisme/douceur-mohair-sujet_416_6.htm#t11994
tiens donc le yéti et de retour mohairdamour a écrit :
https://cl​ub.doctiss​imo.fr/moh​airdamour/​private-ca​tegory-0/p​hoto/mokit​-griset-po​nchocag+24​9-2843580.​html
https://cl​ub.doctiss​imo.fr/moh​airdamour/​private-ca​tegory-0/p​hoto/mohfe​t+e89-2843​561.html
https://cl​ub.doctiss​imo.fr/moh​airdamour/​private-ca​tegory-0/p​hoto/sab-t​urkoizsuit​-1+0ad-284​3725.html
https://cl​ub.doctiss​imo.fr/moh​airdamour/​private-ca​tegory-0/p​hoto/jeny-​rjsuitcol-​ketchrefus​hia+7f7-28​43539.html
... encore faudrait il au plus vite s'entendre !!!!
Manifestement nous possédons non seulement les mêmes références pictographiques & du coup un identique engouement pour le mohair mais aussi très probablement de similaires désirs & envies à jouissivement satisfaire ....... encore faudrait il au plus vite s'entendre !!!!
Afficher plus Afficher moins
tiens donc le yéti et de retour 0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte mohairdamo​ur Profil : Doctinaute de bronze Posté le 06/03/2007 à 16:13:13
D'abord on dit le yéti EST de retour ensuite je trouve cette appréciation au demeurant fort désobligeante &amp ; un rien irrespecteuse quand justement l'on prône ici ( enfin je l'espère ) l'écoute &amp ; surtout une certaine tolérance , indulgence &amp ; compréhension des avis , fantasmes &amp ; confidences que certains osent enfin exposer auprès d'autres adeptes ou amateurs .
Si par te tels propos qu'on a tant l'habitude malheureusement d'entendre &amp ; de subir même &amp ; surtout parfois de la part de nos proches ( partenaire , amant , maitresse ou femme ) , bon nombre de personnes n'oseront ni ne tenteront plus de s'épancher là &amp ; resteront dans la désolante solitude d'une passion incomprise , voire rejettée .
Alors de grâce un peu d'indulgence &amp ; d'ouverture d'esprit pour ne point juger ni alourdir nos craintes ou espoirs .
Et je dis tout ça sans même me sentir vexé de passer pour un YETI tant d'autres que vous ont cru drôle de me cataloguer ainsi ... pour apaiser leur esprit étriqué ?
Après la chasse aux sorcières , aux " pédés " ( excusez moi mais c'est comme ça qu'on disait ou dit encore ... ) aux gouines &amp ; tous les autres ... si différents de soi même , pourquoi ne pas aller tondre les moutons ou le YETI !
Amicalement votre , malgré tout , Mohair d'amour ... et fier de l'être !
Alors de grâce un peu d'indulgence & d'ouverture d'esprit pour ne point juger ni alourdir nos craintes ou espoirs .
Et je dis tout ça sans même me sentir vexé de passer pour un YETI tant d'autres que vous ont cru drôle de me cataloguer ainsi ... pour apaiser leur esprit étriqué ?
Après la chasse aux sorcières , aux " pédés " ( excusez moi mais c'est comme ça qu'on disait ou dit encore ... ) aux gouines & tous les autres ... si différents de soi même , pourquoi ne pas aller tondre les moutons ou le YETI !
Amicalement votre , malgré tout , Mohair d'amour ... et fier de l'être !
D'abord on dit le yéti EST de retour ensuite je trouve cette appréciation au demeurant fort désobligeante & un rien irrespecteuse quand justement l'on prône ici ( enfin je l'espère ) l'écoute & surtout une certaine tolérance , indulgence & compréhension des avis , fantasmes & confidences que certains osent enfin exposer auprès d'autres adeptes ou amateurs .
Si par te tels propos qu'on a tant l'habitude malheureusement d'entendre & de subir même & surtout parfois de la part de nos proches ( partenaire , amant , maitresse ou femme ) , bon nombre de personnes n'oseront ni ne tenteront plus de s'épancher là & resteront dans la désolante solitude d'une passion incomprise , voire rejettée .
Alors de grâce un peu d'indulgence & d'ouverture d'esprit pour ne point juger ni alourdir nos craintes ou espoirs .
Et je dis tout ça sans même me sentir vexé de passer pour un YETI tant d'autres que vous ont cru drôle de me cataloguer ainsi ... pour apaiser leur esprit étriqué ?
Après la chasse aux sorcières , aux " pédés " ( excusez moi mais c'est comme ça qu'on disait ou dit encore ... ) aux gouines & tous les autres ... si différents de soi même , pourquoi ne pas aller tondre les moutons ou le YETI !
Amicalement votre , malgré tout , Mohair d'amour ... et fier de l'être !
0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte furdanimo Profil : Doctinaute d'argent Posté le 06/03/2007 à 17:28:39 dis-moi , Lisalatex .... je m'explique mal ta persévérance à chercher a critiquer notre passionnel fétichisme de la laine ; il me semble que le sujet t'intéresse n'hésites pas à nous en parler , à nous poser des questions et qui sait après réflexion .... peut - être qu'un jour tu seras des nôtres ... car crois - moi c'est réellement jouitif de joindre cette noble matière a des ébats amoureux à+ ( sans rancune ) dis-moi , Lisalatex .
... je m'explique mal ta persévérance à chercher a critiquer notre passionnel fétichisme de la laine ; il me semble que le sujet t'intéresse n'hésites pas à nous en parler , à nous poser des questions et qui sait après réflexion .... peut - être qu'un jour tu seras des nôtres ... car crois - moi c'est réellement jouitif de joindre cette noble matière a des ébats amoureux à+ ( sans rancune ) 0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte ( Publicité ) gys77db Invité Posté le 07/03/2007 à 14:27:53 ne vous énervez pas , ce ne sont que des mots par une personne qui aime provoquer et s'amuse avec ça dans pleins d'autres sites , pour voir un peu la réaction des gens et en rire .
et faut avouer qu'il ne manque pas d'imagination , pas bien méchant tout ça. mais moi j'aimerai bien voir mohairdamour en yéti comme sur les photos .
: love : tu m'habilleras comme aussi mohairdamour ??
j'aime à le penser : bounce : : bounce :
et faut avouer qu'il ne manque pas d'imagination , pas bien méchant tout ça .
mais moi j'aimerai bien voir mohairdamour en yéti comme sur les photos .
tu m'habilleras comme aussi mohairdamour ??
j'aime à le penser
ne vous énervez pas , ce ne sont que des mots par une personne qui aime provoquer et s'amuse avec ça dans pleins d'autres sites , pour voir un peu la réaction des gens et en rire .et faut avouer qu'il ne manque pas d'imagination , pas bien méchant tout ça. mais moi j'aimerai bien voir mohairdamour en yéti comme sur les photos .
tu m'habilleras comme aussi mohairdamour ?? j' aime à le penser 0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte mohairdamo​ur Profil : Doctinaute de bronze Posté le 07/03/2007 à 14:46:42
Si seulement j'avais la multitude de tenues ( chaussettes , jambières , collants , pantalons , slips , pulls , cardigans , vestes , manteaux , bonnets , cagoules , écharpes , gants , moufles &amp ; entières combinaisons !) auxquelles j'aspire , ce serait un plaisir &amp ; bonheur que de les partager &amp ; s'envoyer en laine ( &amp ; en l'air ! ) avec d'identiques amateurs &amp ; partenaires !
Sauf que tant ma femme que mon salaire ne me permettent pas une telle débauche de mohair &amp ; qu'il faudra que vous apportiez aussi les votres !
En attendant ce jour bêni j'espérais vous montrer d'autres tenues dans lesquelles je raffolerais me glisser .. mais visiblement ça ne fonctionne pas pour l'instant , alors faudra patienter , à plus &amp ; tout bientôt , MdA
En attendant ce jour bêni j'espérais vous montrer d'autres tenues dans lesquelles je raffolerais me glisser .. mais visiblement ça ne fonctionne pas pour l'instant , alors faudra patienter , à plus & tout bientôt , MdA Si seulement j'avais la multitude de tenues ( chaussettes , jambières , collants , pantalons , slips , pulls , cardigans , vestes , manteaux , bonnets , cagoules , écharpes , gants , moufles & entières combinaisons !) auxquelles j'aspire , ce serait un plaisir & bonheur que de les partager & s'envoyer en laine ( & en l'air ! ) avec d'identiques amateurs & partenaires !
Sauf que tant ma femme que mon salaire ne me permettent pas une telle débauche de mohair & qu'il faudra que vous apportiez aussi les votres !
En attendant ce jour bêni j'espérais vous montrer d'autres tenues dans lesquelles je raffolerais me glisser .. mais visiblement ça ne fonctionne pas pour l'instant , alors faudra patienter , à plus & tout bientôt , MdA 0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte mohairdamo​ur Profil : Doctinaute de bronze Posté le 07/03/2007 à 14:54:49 J'ai beau ré essayer mais ça passe toujours pas ( problème de maintenance ? ) alors à ce soir ou à demain de laineusement discuter ... avant de réellement enfin s'adonner à notre passion ensemble .
MdA J'ai beau ré essayer mais ça passe toujours pas ( problème de maintenance ? ) alors à ce soir ou à demain de laineusement discuter ... avant de réellement enfin s'adonner à notre passion ensemble .
MdA 0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte ( Publicité ) furdanimo Profil : Doctinaute d'argent Posté le
07/03/2007 à 15:20:58 d'ici là , " DOUCE ET MOHAIREUSE SOIREE MDA " d'ici là , " DOUCE ET MOHAIREUSE SOIREE MDA " 0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte gys77db Invité Posté le 07/03/2007 à 15:32:42 ben non ça marche puisque tu es passé dans le site .
alors mohairdamour tu vas me manquer aujourd ' huis .
: cry :
alors mohairdamour tu vas me manquer aujourd ' huis .
ben non ça marche puisque tu es passé dans le site .
alors mohairdamour tu vas me manquer aujourd ' huis .
0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte mohairdamo​ur Profil : Doctinaute de bronze Posté le 07/03/2007 à 16:39:50
Vu l'impatience de vos espoirs &amp ; désirs voici quelques adeptes avec lesquels j'aimerais bien m'encanailler tout pareillement vêtu ...
Qu'importe les couleurs pourvu qu'en mohair l'on s'éclate .. homme &amp ; ou femme ensemble pour de jouissives extases !
Mais faudrait " urger " tant j'en suis tout excité !!!
J'espère bien que vous aussi !
Ps : Pour ce qui est de mes nuits , sont bien tristes &amp ; sans mohair ... aux cotés d'une épouse définitivement point consciente des plaisirs qu'elle me &amp ; nous refuse ...
Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote
Qu'importe les couleurs pourvu qu'en mohair l'on s'éclate ..
Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote
Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote
homme & ou femme ensemble pour de jouissives extases !
Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote
Mais faudrait " urger " tant j'en suis tout excité !!!
J'espère bien que vous aussi !
Ps : Pour ce qui est de mes nuits , sont bien tristes & sans mohair ... aux cotés d'une épouse définitivement point consciente des plaisirs qu'elle me & nous refuse ...
Vu l'impatience de vos espoirs & désirs voici quelques adeptes avec lesquels j'aimerais bien m'encanailler tout pareillement vêtu ... Qu'importe les couleurs pourvu qu'en mohair l'on s'éclate .. homme & ou femme ensemble pour de jouissives extases !
Mais faudrait " urger " tant j'en suis tout excité !!!
J'espère bien que vous aussi !
Ps : Pour ce qui est de mes nuits , sont bien tristes & sans mohair ... aux cotés d'une épouse définitivement point consciente des plaisirs qu'elle me & nous refuse ...
Message cité 1 fois 0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte ( Publicité ) mohairdamo​ur Profil : Doctinaute de bronze Posté le 07/03/2007 à 16:55:41 Ps : J'ai découvert ailleurs qu'un(e ? ) autre adepte( mohair35 ) signale qu'on se met à évoquer sur le net notre engouement ( j'aime pas trop l'idée restrictive ou honteuse que suppose le mot fétichisme ) de la laine &amp ; du mohair ... sans parler du retour en mode du tricot pour l'hiver prochain j'espère !
A voir donc : http://sexe.fluctuat.net/blog/11216-l-039-amour-a-perdre-la-laine.html#commentaires
D'ailleurs pour les commentaires , j'attends les votres !
MdA
http://sexe.fluctuat.net/blog/ [...] mmentaires
D'ailleurs pour les commentaires , j'attends les votres !
MdA
Ps : J'ai découvert ailleurs qu'un(e ? ) autre adepte( mohair35 ) signale qu'on se met à évoquer sur le net notre engouement ( j'aime pas trop l'idée restrictive ou honteuse que suppose le mot fétichisme ) de la laine & du mohair ... sans parler du retour en mode du tricot pour l'hiver prochain j'espère !
A voir donc :D'ailleurs pour les commentaires , j'attends les votres !
MdA 0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte furdanimo Profil : Doctinaute d'argent Posté le
07/03/2007 à 16:58:13 sachez mohairdamour que s'il devait rester un petit quelque chose de la fille vêtue de rouge , après votre passage , je serais bien volontié preneur ... sachez mohairdamour que s'il devait rester un petit quelque chose de la fille vêtue de rouge , après votre passage , je serais bien volontié preneur ...
0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte nimbus999 Posté le 07/03/2007 à 21:13:37 Ps : J'ai découvert ailleurs qu'un(e ? ) autre adepte( mohair35 ) signale qu'on se met à évoquer sur le net notre engouement ( j'aime pas trop l'idée restrictive ou honteuse que suppose le mot fétichisme ) de la laine &amp ; du mohair ... sans parler du retour en mode du tricot pour l'hiver prochain j'espère !
A voir donc : http://sexe.fluctuat.net/blog/11216-l-039-amour-a-perdre-la-laine.html#commentaires
D'ailleurs pour les commentaires , j'attends les votres !
MdA [ / quot vous est superbes dans ses vêtements en mohair vous me faite craqué en vous voyant , j'adore cette laine en plus quoi de plus naturelle que de s'envellopé dans quelque choses que on aime ; à bientot nimbus999 mohairdamour a écrit :
http://sexe.fluctuat.net/blog/ [...] mmentaires
D'ailleurs pour les commentaires , j'attends les votres !
MdA [ / quot vous est superbes dans ses vêtements en mohair vous me faite craqué en vous voyant , j'adore cette laine en plus quoi de plus naturelle que de s'envellopé dans quelque choses que on aime ; à bientot nimbus999 Ps : J'ai découvert ailleurs qu'un(e ? ) autre adepte( mohair35 ) signale qu'on se met à évoquer sur le net notre engouement ( j'aime pas trop l'idée restrictive ou honteuse que suppose le mot fétichisme ) de la laine & du mohair ... sans parler du retour en mode du tricot pour l'hiver prochain j'espère !
A voir donc :D'ailleurs pour les commentaires , j'attends les votres !
MdA [ / quot vous est superbes dans ses vêtements en mohair vous me faite craqué en vous voyant , j'adore cette laine en plus quoi de plus naturelle que de s'envellopé dans quelque choses que on aime ; à bientot nimbus999 Afficher plus Afficher moins 0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte ( Publicité ) nimbus999 Posté le 07/03/2007 à 21:43:49
Vu l'impatience de vos espoirs &amp ; désirs voici quelques adeptes avec lesquels j'aimerais bien m'encanailler tout pareillement vêtu ...
Qu'importe les couleurs pourvu qu'en mohair l'on s'éclate .. homme &amp ; ou femme ensemble pour de jouissives extases !
Mais faudrait " urger " tant j'en suis tout excité !!!
J'espère bien que vous aussi !
Ps : Pour ce qui est de mes nuits , sont bien tristes &amp ; sans mohair ... aux cotés d'une épouse définitivement point consciente des plaisirs qu'elle me &amp ; nous refuse ...
mohairdamour
https://forum.doctissimo.fr/doctissimo/Fetichisme/douceur-mohair-sujet_416_6.htm#t12120 bsr mohairdamour.je suis fana de mohair moi aussi je m'envellope dans cette merveilleuse laine nimbus999 mohairdamour a écrit :
https://cl​ub.doctiss​imo.fr/moh​airdamour/​private-ca​tegory-0/p​hoto/ecrus​uit-colbon​e+559-2843​661.htmlhttps://cl​ub.doctiss​imo.fr/moh​airdamour/​private-ca​tegory-0/p​hoto/fan-b​runset+8ac​-2843666.h​tml
Qu'importe les couleurs pourvu qu'en mohair l'on s'éclate ..
https://cl​ub.doctiss​imo.fr/moh​airdamour/​private-ca​tegory-0/p​hoto/spid-​color+4fe-​2843597.ht​ml
https://cl​ub.doctiss​imo.fr/moh​airdamour/​private-ca​tegory-0/p​hoto/wolfr​eud-gris+1​7c-2843541​.html
homme & ou femme ensemble pour de jouissives extases !
http://imagesforum.doctissimo. [...] p;leg+.JPG
https://cl​ub.doctiss​imo.fr/moh​airdamour/​private-ca​tegory-0/p​hoto/rus-b​runsuit+2a​f-2843737.​html
Mais faudrait " urger " tant j'en suis tout excité !!!
J'espère bien que vous aussi !
Ps : Pour ce qui est de mes nuits , sont bien tristes & sans mohair ... aux cotés d'une épouse définitivement point consciente des plaisirs qu'elle me & nous refuse ...
Vu l'impatience de vos espoirs & désirs voici quelques adeptes avec lesquels j'aimerais bien m'encanailler tout pareillement vêtu ... Qu'importe les couleurs pourvu qu'en mohair l'on s'éclate .. homme & ou femme ensemble pour de jouissives extases !
Mais faudrait " urger " tant j'en suis tout excité !!!
J'espère bien que vous aussi !
Ps : Pour ce qui est de mes nuits , sont bien tristes & sans mohair ... aux cotés d'une épouse définitivement point consciente des plaisirs qu'elle me & nous refuse ...
Afficher plus Afficher moins
bsr mohairdamour .je suis fana de mohair moi aussi je m'envellope dans cette merveilleuse laine nimbus999 0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte furdanimo Profil : Doctinaute d'argent Posté le 08/03/2007 à 18:55:17 sois le bienvenu parmis nous nimbus999 sois le bienvenu parmis nous nimbus999 0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte furdanimo Profil : Doctinaute d'argent Posté le 08/03/2007 à 22:13:29 me voila revenu dans le forum .. mais quelle déception pas de message ni commentaires depuis 3 heures .. ou sont donc ces FETICHISTES ?
pour ma part , je resterai là quelques temps n'ayant sur moi comme vêtement , qu'un gros gilet en épais MOHAIR noir très poilu , ( sur les genoux ) un gros pull tout aussi doux et poilu couleur fuschia sur les épaules ( les manches croisées devant la bouche et le nez ) car , uoi , j'adore le toucher , le contact mais également l'odeur de la laine , et pour terminer , un autre pull en MOHAIR poilu tenu de la main gauche me permettant ainsi des vas et vient sur le reste du corps sous l'paisse couche de laine .... me voila revenu dans le forum .. mais quelle déception pas de message ni commentaires depuis 3 heures .. ou sont donc ces FETICHISTES ?
pour ma part , je resterai là quelques temps n'ayant sur moi comme vêtement , qu'un gros gilet en épais MOHAIR noir très poilu , ( sur les genoux ) un gros pull tout aussi doux et poilu couleur fuschia sur les épaules ( les manches croisées devant la bouche et le nez ) car , uoi , j'adore le toucher , le contact mais également l'odeur de la laine , et pour terminer , un autre pull en MOHAIR poilu tenu de la main gauche me permettant ainsi des vas et vient sur le reste du corps sous l'paisse couche de laine ....
Message cité 1 fois 0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte ( Publicité ) nimbus999 Posté le 08/03/2007 à 22:53:59 me voila revenu dans le forum .. mais quelle déception pas de message ni commentaires depuis 3 heures .. ou sont donc ces FETICHISTES ?
pour ma part , je resterai là quelques temps n'ayant sur moi comme vêtement , qu'un gros gilet en épais MOHAIR noir très poilu , ( sur les genoux ) un gros pull tout aussi doux et poilu couleur fuschia sur les épaules ( les manches croisées devant la bouche et le nez ) car , uoi , j'adore le toucher , le contact mais également l'odeur de la laine , et pour terminer , un autre pull en MOHAIR poilu tenu de la main gauche me permettant ainsi des vas et vient sur le reste du corps sous l'paisse couche de laine ....
furdanimo
https://forum.doctissimo.fr/doctissimo/Fetichisme/douceur-mohair-sujet_416_6.htm#t12209
bsr je viens de lire ton message je le trouve super moi je suis tt envellopé dans ma grande couverture en mohair je suis super bien que du bonheur douceur chaleur evellopement de bien etre à plus nimbus999 furdanimo a écrit : me voila revenu dans le forum .. mais quelle déception pas de message ni commentaires depuis 3 heures .. ou sont donc ces FETICHISTES ?
pour ma part , je resterai là quelques temps n'ayant sur moi comme vêtement , qu'un gros gilet en épais MOHAIR noir très poilu , ( sur les genoux ) un gros pull tout aussi doux et poilu couleur fuschia sur les épaules ( les manches croisées devant la bouche et le nez ) car , uoi , j'adore le toucher , le contact mais également l'odeur de la laine , et pour terminer , un autre pull en MOHAIR poilu tenu de la main gauche me permettant ainsi des vas et vient sur le reste du corps sous l'paisse couche de laine ....
Afficher plus Afficher moins
bsr je viens de lire ton message je le trouve super moi je suis tt envellopé dans ma grande couverture en mohair je suis super bien que du bonheur douceur chaleur evellopement de bien etre à plus nimbus999 0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte furdanimo Profil : Doctinaute d'argent Posté le 09/03/2007 à 10:40:31 b' jour nimbus .... comment s'est terminé cette mohaireuse soirée ?....... pour moi , génial , j'en ai encore des frissons partout partout ... que c'est bon le MOHAIR ... b' jour nimbus .... comment s'est terminé cette mohaireuse soirée ?....... pour moi , génial , j'en ai encore des frissons partout partout ... que c'est bon le MOHAIR ... 0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte gys77db Invité Posté le 09/03/2007 à 13:24:01 et oui je sais mais ce matin je n'arrivais pas à venir sur le site .
Une grande couverture en mohair mmmmmmmm ça doit être très excitant de s'emmitouflé dedans et je comprend bien le plaisir que tu dois avoir à t'exciter dans cette douceur de mohair .
apparemment furdanimo a passé une sacrée bonne soirée aussi .
les vas et viens avec le mohair dis - moi furdanimo , c'est bien ce que je pense ??
mmmmmmmmm rien que d'y penser .
et ta copine ne fait rien ????
Une grande couverture en mohair mmmmmmmm ça doit être très excitant de s'emmitouflé dedans et je comprend bien le plaisir que tu dois avoir à t'exciter dans cette douceur de mohair .
apparemment furdanimo a passé une sacrée bonne soirée aussi .
les vas et viens avec le mohair dis - moi furdanimo , c'est bien ce que je pense ??
mmmmmmmmm rien que d'y penser .
et ta copine ne fait rien ????
et oui je sais mais ce matin je n'arrivais pas à venir sur le site .
Une grande couverture en mohair mmmmmmmm ça doit être très excitant de s'emmitouflé dedans et je comprend bien le plaisir que tu dois avoir à t'exciter dans cette douceur de mohair .
apparemment furdanimo a passé une sacrée bonne soirée aussi.les vas et viens avec le mohair dis - moi furdanimo , c'est bien ce que je pense ?? mmmmmmmmm rien que d'y penser.et ta copine ne fait rien ????
0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte ( Publicité ) furdanimo Profil : Doctinaute d'argent Posté le 09/03/2007 à 13:43:18 hé oui , c'est bien ce que tu penses mais quant a ma femme , a ces heures là , elle est branchée télé ( au lit ) ce qui me permet donc d'agir comme bon me semble sans qu'elle ne le sache ... regrettable ... avoir une femme a demeure et qu'il m'est obligé de me faire du bien en cachette .... as - tu le même problème ?
es - tu , comme moi réellement dingue du contact , du toucher de cette merveilleuse matière ?
hé oui , c'est bien ce que tu penses mais quant a ma femme , a ces heures là , elle est branchée télé ( au lit ) ce qui me permet donc d'agir comme bon me semble sans qu'elle ne le sache ... regrettable ... avoir une femme a demeure et qu'il m'est obligé de me faire du bien en cachette .... as - tu le même problème ?
es - tu , comme moi réellement dingue du contact , du toucher de cette merveilleuse matière ?
0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte mohairdamo​ur Profil : Doctinaute de bronze Posté le 09/03/2007 à 17:26:04
Je constate avec dépit qu'on semble être nombreux à regretter nos solitaires épanchements ... fussent ils en d'exquis mohairs divinement poilus , sans pouvoir partager nos envies , sensations &amp ; plaisirs avec celle ou celui qu'on crut ( dans notre jeunesse enfièvrée ? ) aussi amoureux &amp ; sensible qu'on l'est aux jouissances que ces douceurs procurent .
Dommage ... à plus d'un titre , tant pour elle (s ) que pour nous autres !
MdA
Je constate avec dépit qu'on semble être nombreux à regretter nos solitaires épanchements ... fussent ils en d'exquis mohairs divinement poilus , sans pouvoir partager nos envies , sensations & plaisirs avec celle ou celui qu'on crut ( dans notre jeunesse enfièvrée ? ) aussi amoureux & sensible qu'on l'est aux jouissances que ces douceurs procurent .
Dommage ... à plus d'un titre , tant pour elle (s ) que pour nous autres !
MdA Message cité 1 fois 0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte nimbus999 Posté le 09/03/2007 à 21:18:06
Je constate avec dépit qu'on semble être nombreux à regretter nos solitaires épanchements ... fussent ils en d'exquis mohairs divinement poilus , sans pouvoir partager nos envies , sensations &amp ; plaisirs avec celle ou celui qu'on crut ( dans notre jeunesse enfièvrée ? ) aussi amoureux &amp ; sensible qu'on l'est aux jouissances que ces douceurs procurent .
Dommage ... à plus d'un titre , tant pour elle (s ) que pour nous autres !
MdA mohairdamour https://forum.doctissimo.fr/doctissimo/Fetichisme/douceur-mohair-sujet_416_6.htm#t12285 bsr mohair damour .
vous nous faites tjrs autant révées avec vos superbes vetements en mohair félicitations j'adore .
moi le soir je m'envellope dans ma grande couverture en mohair je passe de bonne soirées tt envellopé de douceurs chaleurs .
à bientot pour nous faire voirs de superbes mohair laineux que on se lasses pas de regardées nimbus999 mohairdamour a écrit :
Je constate avec dépit qu'on semble être nombreux à regretter nos solitaires épanchements ... fussent ils en d'exquis mohairs divinement poilus , sans pouvoir partager nos envies , sensations & plaisirs avec celle ou celui qu'on crut ( dans notre jeunesse enfièvrée ? ) aussi amoureux & sensible qu'on l'est aux jouissances que ces douceurs procurent .
Dommage ... à plus d'un titre , tant pour elle (s ) que pour nous autres !
MdA Afficher plus Afficher moins
bsr mohair damour .
vous nous faites tjrs autant révées avec vos superbes vetements en mohair félicitations j'adore .
moi le soir je m'envellope dans ma grande couverture en mohair je passe de bonne soirées tt envellopé de douceurs chaleurs .
à bientot pour nous faire voirs de superbes mohair laineux que on se lasses pas de regardées nimbus999 0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte ( Publicité ) nimbus999 Posté le 11/03/2007 à 01:29:44 bonne et douce nuit à toutes et tous envellopées de mohair comme il se doit nimbus999 bonne et douce nuit à toutes et tous envellopées de mohair comme il se doit nimbus999 0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte mohairdamo​ur Profil : Doctinaute de bronze Posté le 12/03/2007 à 14:50:11 ... mais c'est tellement plus érotique d'être en douce compagnie pour s'accorder de mutuelles " gâteries " moelleusement emmitouflé(e ) s !!!
Je voulais vous montrer d'autres " adeptes " avec lesquel ( le ) s j'aimerais laineusement assouvir d'extraordinaires agapes tout en mohair , mais ça passe pas ... alors à plus tard .
MdA .
Je voulais vous montrer d'autres " adeptes " avec lesquel ( le ) s j'aimerais laineusement assouvir d'extraordinaires agapes tout en mohair , mais ça passe pas ... alors à plus tard .
MdA. ... mais c'est tellement plus érotique d'être en douce compagnie pour s'accorder de mutuelles " gâteries " moelleusement emmitouflé(e ) s !!!
Je voulais vous montrer d'autres " adeptes " avec lesquel ( le ) s j'aimerais laineusement assouvir d'extraordinaires agapes tout en mohair , mais ça passe pas ... alors à plus tard .
MdA. 0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte furdanimo Profil : Doctinaute d'argent Posté le 12/03/2007 à 19:03:30 vite MDA , nous sommes a l'affût de telles photos ...... vite MDA , nous sommes a l'affût de telles photos ...... 0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte ( Publicité ) gys77db Invité Posté le 13/03/2007 à 13:50:35 je suis comme furdanimo j'attend avec hate tes photos mohaidamour .
Ne nous fait pas plus attendre alors ........ j'attend impatiemment de tes nouvelles .
Ne nous fait pas plus attendre alors ........
j'attend impatiemment de tes nouvelles .
je suis comme furdanimo j'attend avec hate tes photos mohaidamour .
Ne nous fait pas plus attendre alors ........ j' attend impatiemment de tes nouvelles .
0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte mohairdamo​ur Profil : Doctinaute de bronze Posté le 13/03/2007 à 14:06:03
Etre délicieusement accueilli ... avant de choisir ... comment l'on se préparera .. pour merveilleusement s'envoyer en ... laine !
... ou en angora aussi ... pourvu que délicieusement emmitouflé(e ) s... gainé( e ) s d'exquis mohair poilus ... l'on procure &amp ; reçoit d'infinies satisfactions ... ... plutôt que de s'y adonner ... solitairement
Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote
avant de choisir ...
Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote
comment l'on se préparera ..
Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote
pour merveilleusement s'envoyer en ... laine !
Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote
... ou en angora aussi ...
Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote
pourvu que délicieusement emmitouflé(e ) s ...
Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote
gainé(e ) s d'exquis mohair poilus ...
Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote
l'on procure & reçoit d'infinies satisfactions ...
... plutôt que de s'y adonner ... solitairement
Etre délicieusement accueilli ... avant de choisir ... comment l'on se préparera .. pour merveilleusement s'envoyer en ... laine !... ou en angora aussi ... pourvu que délicieusement emmitouflé(e ) s... gainé(e ) s d'exquis mohair poilus ... l' on procure & reçoit d'infinies satisfactions ...... plutôt que de s'y adonner ... solitairement Message édité par Mod24 my le
10/04/2008 à 12:57:27 0
Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte gys77db Invité Posté le 13/03/2007 à 15:38:05 et ben voilà je savais que mohairdamour allais répondre à toutes nos attentes .
mmmmmmm que c'est délisieusement bon tout ça .
que de laine , que de mohair , que de satisfaction à se donner du plaisir .
et que sa doit être bon de se donner du plaisir partagé .......... n'est ce pas mohairdamour ??
merci pour toutes ces images de délices mohair .
mmmmmmm que c'est délisieusement bon tout ça .
que de laine , que de mohair , que de satisfaction à se donner du plaisir .
et que sa doit être bon de se donner du plaisir partagé .......... n'est ce pas mohairdamour ??
merci pour toutes ces images de délices mohair .
et ben voilà je savais que mohairdamour allais répondre à toutes nos attentes .
mmmmmmm que c'est délisieusement bon tout ça.que de laine , que de mohair , que de satisfaction à se donner du plaisir .et que sa doit être bon de se donner du plaisir partagé .......... n'est ce pas mohairdamour ?? merci pour toutes ces images de délices mohair .
0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte ( Publicité ) mohairdamo​ur Profil : Doctinaute de bronze Posté le 13/03/2007 à 16:32:14 ..." que de satisfaction à se donner du plaisir et que ça doit être bon de " s'accorder de telles ré .. jouissances !
Mais je n'espère &amp ; n'attends que ça !
MdA ..." que de satisfaction à se donner du plaisir et que ça doit être bon de " s'accorder de telles ré .. jouissances !
Mais je n'espère & n'attends que ça !
MdA 0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte furdanimo Profil : Doctinaute d'argent Posté le 13/03/2007 à 17:46:44 merci a toi MDA là , tu as fait fort .... que de beaux MOHAIRS ... mais ou donc se cachent toutes ces jolies dames qui nous font rêver , bander et plus .... ne me dis pas qu'elles ne font que poser parmis toutes ces douceurs uniquement par plaisir de nous faire bander ... elles doivent éprouver quelque chose non ?
a prpos de femmes , je suis arrivé à brancher une certaine Martine sur notre site femme a col roulé ... elle aime la laine comme nous .. as - tu remarqué ses commentaires ?.... allons -y prudemment ..
ne la choquons pas avec nos propos parfois assez crus , apprenons a la connaître ... a bientôt et encore merci pour ces excitantes et délicieuses photos merci a toi MDA là , tu as fait fort .... que de beaux MOHAIRS ... mais ou donc se cachent toutes ces jolies dames qui nous font rêver , bander et plus .... ne me dis pas qu'elles ne font que poser parmis toutes ces douceurs uniquement par plaisir de nous faire bander ... elles doivent éprouver quelque chose non ?
a prpos de femmes , je suis arrivé à brancher une certaine Martine sur notre site femme a col roulé ... elle aime la laine comme nous .. as - tu remarqué ses commentaires ?.... allons -y prudemment ..
ne la choquons pas avec nos propos parfois assez crus , apprenons a la connaître ... a bientôt et encore merci pour ces excitantes et délicieuses photos 0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte furdanimo Profil : Doctinaute d'argent Posté le 14/03/2007 à 12:54:25 dites -moi , amoureux de la laine , éprouvez - vous également des problèmes a vous connecter sur " woolfreaks.de " , ?
et ce , depuis ce matin merci dites - moi , amoureux de la laine , éprouvez - vous également des problèmes a vous connecter sur " woolfreaks.de " , ?
et ce , depuis ce matin merci 0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte ( Publicité ) gys77db Invité Posté le 14/03/2007 à 13:26:38 c'est vrai que mohairdamour nous excite beaucoup avec ses photos .
surtout les photos ou ce sont des femmes toutes emmitouflé de lainage .
ce que j'aimerai bien connaître une femme aimant se fétichisme et discuter avec elle .
et c'est vrai que martine sur le site " femme à col roulé " ma agréablement surpris et j'espère qu'elle reviendra discuter avec nous tous sur ce fétichisme .
et je suis d'accord avec toi furdinamo d'y aller en douceur ........... en douceur mohair
surtout les photos ou ce sont des femmes toutes emmitouflé de lainage .
ce que j'aimerai bien connaître une femme aimant se fétichisme et discuter avec elle .
et c'est vrai que martine sur le site " femme à col roulé " ma agréablement surpris et j'espère qu'elle reviendra discuter avec nous tous sur ce fétichisme .
et je suis d'accord avec toi furdinamo d'y aller en douceur ........... en douceur mohair c'est vrai que mohairdamour nous excite beaucoup avec ses photos .
surtout les photos ou ce sont des femmes toutes emmitouflé de lainage .ce que j'aimerai bien connaître une femme aimant se fétichisme et discuter avec elle.et c'est vrai que martine sur le site " femme à col roulé " ma agréablement surpris et j'espère qu'elle reviendra discuter avec nous tous sur ce fétichisme.et je suis d'accord avec toi furdinamo d'y aller en douceur ........... en douceur mohair 0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte mohairdamo​ur Profil : Doctinaute de bronze Posté le 14/03/2007 à 13:48:59 D'autres amatrices ... pour l'amateur que je suis ou emmitouflé comme j'aimerai l'être ... avec &amp ; pour elle(s ) ?
N'avons nous pas assez de seulement rêver &amp ; fantasmer .. au lieu d'enfin assouvir ( même épisodiquement , même occasionellement ) notre douce passion .. avec d'équivalent (e ) s adeptes ?????
MdA
Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote
Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote
Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote
ou emmitouflé comme j'aimerai l'être ... avec & pour elle(s ) ?
Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote http://imagesforum.doctissimo. [...] 981/Thorax brun setcolmoufl+.jpg " alt =" Thorax brun setcolmouf​l + " class= " CF_bbcode_img " title= "
brun setcolmoufl+.jpg " style = " border : 0 px ; padding : 5 px ; object - fit : contain ; " />
Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote
N'avons nous pas assez de seulement rêver & fantasmer .. au lieu d'enfin assouvir ( même épisodiquement , même occasionellement ) notre douce passion .. avec d'équivalent (e ) s adeptes ?????
MdA D'autres amatrices ... pour l'amateur que je suisou emmitouflé comme j'aimerai l'être ... avec & pour elle(s ) ?
http://imagesforum.doctissimo. [...] 981/Thorax brun setcolmoufl+.jpg " alt =" Thorax brun setcolmouf​l + " class= " CF_bbcode_img " title= " http://imagesforum.doctissimo. [...] 981/Thorax brun setcolmoufl+.jpg " style = " border : 0 px ; padding : 5 px ; object - fit : contain ; " />N'avons nous pas assez de seulement rêver & fantasmer .. au lieu d'enfin assouvir ( même épisodiquement , même occasionellement ) notre douce passion .. avec d'équivalent (e ) s adeptes ?????
MdA 0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte mohairdamo​ur Profil : Doctinaute de bronze Posté le 14/03/2007 à 14:10:32
Zut , y a une photo qu'est pas passée , alors va pour une deuxieme fournée d'amateurs &amp ; tentatrices qui emplissent nos rêves &amp ; nos espoirs ... ... pourvu qu'identiquement emmitouflée(s ) ... l'on s'envoient divinement en ... laine &amp ; en mohair !!!!! ... mais sans tarder &amp ; avant que les températures perturbent nos jouissifs ébats !!!!
MdA
Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote
Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote
Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote
... pourvu qu'identiquement emmitouflée(s ) ...
Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote
Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote http://imagesforum.doctissimo. [...] 981/setblu col cielcag +.JPG " alt =" setblu col cielcag + " class= " CF_bbcode_img " title= "
col cielcag +. JPG " style= " border : 0 px ; padding : 5 px ; object - fit : contain ; " />
l'on s'envoient divinement en ... laine & en mohair !!!!!
Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote Voir l'image en grand 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote 0 votes 1 vote 0 vote
... mais sans tarder & avant que les températures perturbent nos jouissifs ébats !!!!
MdA Zut , y a une photo qu'est pas passée , alors va pour une deuxieme fournée d'amateurs & tentatrices qui emplissent nos rêves & nos espoirs ...... pourvu qu'identiquement emmitouflée(s ) ... http://imagesforum.doctissimo. [...] 981/setblu col cielcag +.JPG " alt =" setblu col cielcag + " class= " CF_bbcode_img " title= " http://imagesforum.doctissimo. [...] 981/setblu col cielcag +.JPG " style= " border : 0 px ; padding : 5 px ; object - fit : contain ; " />l'on s'envoient divinement en ... laine & en mohair !!!!!... mais sans tarder & avant que les températures perturbent nos jouissifs ébats !!!!
MdA 0 Votez pour ce message
Se connecter Créer un compte ( Publicité ) Page : 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 15 Dernière Page Page Suivante Page Précédente Première Page
Haut de page
Aller à : Adultère Couples atypiques : différences d'âge , de taille , de culture ...
Déceptions et ruptures
Les ados parlent sexo Virginité et 1e fois Homosexualité et bi-sexualité Homosexualité et bi-sexualité féminine
Sujets relatifs
Plus de sujets relatifs à : douceur mohair Forum MesDiscussions .
Net
© 2000 - 2020 Doctissimo
Page générée en 0,413 secondes © 2000 - 2020 Doctissimo
Are we alone in the universe ?
Are there planets like Earth around other “ suns ” that might harbor life ?
Thanks to a recent technology breakthrough on a key NASA planet - finding project , the dream of answering those questions is no longer light - years away .
On a crystal clear , star - filled night at Hawaii ’s Keck Observatory in Mauna Kea , NASA engineers successfully suppressed the blinding light of three stars , including the well - known Vega , by 100 times .
This breakthrough will enable scientists to detect the dim dust disks around stars , where planets might be forming .
Normally the disks are obscured by the glare of the starlight .
Engineers accomplished this challenging feat with the Keck Interferometer , which links the observatory ’s two 10 - meter ( 33 - feet ) telescopes .
By combining light from the telescopes , the Keck Interferometer has a resolving power equivalent to a football - field sized telescope .
The “ technological touchdown ” of blocking starlight was achieved by adding an instrument called a “ nuller . ”
This setup may eventually help scientists select targets for NASA ’s envisioned Terrestrial Planet Finder missions .
The success of those potential future missions , one observing in visible light and one in infrared , depends on being able to find Earth - like planets in the dust rings around stars .
“ We have proven that the Keck Interferometer can block light from nearby stars , which will allow us to survey the amount of dust around them , ” said Dr. James Fanson , project manager for the Keck Interferometer at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory .
That survey will begin in late 2006 after the team refines the nuller ’s sensitivity level .
Combined information from all of NASA ’s planet - hunting missions will provide a complete picture of possible Earth - like planets : how big they are , whether they are warm enough for life , and if their atmospheres and surfaces show chemical signatures of current life .
“ People have been talking about whether there are other earths out there for 2,500 years .
Only now are we developing the technology to go find out , ” said Michael Devirian , manager of NASA ’s Navigator Program at JPL , which is investigating potential planet - exploring missions .
So far , scientists around the world have found 150 planets orbiting other stars .
Most are giants , like Jupiter ; none is as small as Earth .
Scientists believe the best odds of finding life outside our solar system are on Earth - sized planets , particularly those with the right temperature , density and chemistry .
More information on NASA ’s planet - finding missions , including the Keck Interferometer and Terrestrial Planet Finder is at planetquest.jpl.nasa.gov .
Source : NASA
Explore further Steering the immune system with liposomes
