The aim is for dogs to walk safely on any surface
Earlier this year , Northumbria Police announced their dogs would wear the footwear to protect their paws from broken glass during searches .
Dog Max was fitted with the Bark 'n Boots to search a factory complex in Washington last week .
As a result a 36 - year - old man was found and arrested on suspicion of burglary .
He later received a formal caution .
In the past , a dog would not have been deployed because of the risk of injury from broken glass which was on the floor of the factory .
Sgt David Gregory , from the force 's Public Order Training Unit , said : " We bought the boots so our dogs could walk safely over any surface .
" As well as providing protection during public order situations this incident shows how useful they can be during building searches when there is often glass on the floor . "
Share Tweet Flip 0 Shares
10 . Keelhauling
Public Domain
Keelhauling is the pirate torture you endure when you have n’t had the good fortune to walk the plank .
Tied to a rope and pulley , the victim is dragged back and forth underneath the ship .
The sharp errata under the boat rubs the victim 's naked flesh raw , but drowning should come to save them rather quickly .
Lawrence Lessig , a respected Law Professor from Stanford University told an audience at this years Fortune ’s Brainstorm Tech conference in Half Moon Bay , California , that " There ’s going to be an i - 9/11 event " which will act as a catalyst for a radical reworking of the law pertaining to the internet .
Lessig also revealed that he had learned , during a dinner with former government Counter Terrorism Czar Richard Clarke , that there is already in existence a cyber equivalent of the Patriot Act , an " i- Patriot Act " if you will , and that the Justice Department is waiting for a cyber terrorism event in order to implement its provisions .
Source : Infowars
Bank of America analyst Michael Hecht cut his estimates and price target on Lehman Brothers ( LEH ) this morning , citing the firm 's exposure to the debt markets :
While on the one hand Lehman has successfully transformed from a one - business firm to a more diversified investment bank , Lehman remains the most fixed - income sensitive firm .
Hecht joins Deutsche Bank 's Mike Mayo and Merrill Lynch 's Guy Moszkowski , who also lowered their outlooks for Lehman this week .
Hecht also said that the sale of Lehman 's asset management arm Neuberger Berman would n't be motivated by the need for capital , but rather by the desire to " unlock shareholder value . "
Hecht also said that a spinoff was more likely than an outright sale :
Asset management remains a highly valuable asset , leading us to believe that a potential Neuberger monetization would not be motivated by capital shortfall but rather unlocking shareholder value and we think leaves the door open for a partial spin versus outright sale .
Hecht met with Lehman President and COO Bart McDade , who assured him that Lehman 's capital position was sound .
Confident in McDade 's assessment , Hecht suggestsLehman 's solid capital position means that an acquisition by another bank remains a possibility :
[ This ] opens the door to contemplating a potential bank acquisition , though management stopped short of seeing an outright sale to a bank or going private as reasonable , attractive alternatives
There are certainly parts of Lehman 's business that are attractive , but it still has $ 20 billion of Alt - A mortgages and $ 40 billion in commercial real estate loans on its balance sheet .
These would likely pose a concern to any potential acquirer despite the firm 's relatively high tier 1 ratio .
Hecht maintains his Neutral rating and cuts his price target from $ 23 to $ 20 .
WASHINGTON ( AP )  Lawmakers sped for the exits Friday as Congress was to begin a five - week recess after a summer session noteworthy for bitter partisanship and paralysis on the issue topmost in the minds of many U.S voters : the cost of gasoline .
As its last major act , the House of Representatives passed by a 409 - 4 vote its first spending bill , a $ 72.7 billion measure awarding generous increases to veterans programs and military base construction projects .
More noteworthy however , was what Congress failed to do : pass energy legislation and other measures aimed at lowering the price of gasoline , which has reached record levels in the U.S. Senate Republicans blocked a bill aimed at curbing speculation in oil markets , while a similar bill and several others by House Democrats — including a plan to encourage drilling in already available coastal areas and in Alaska — failed to advance after party leaders brought them to the floor under procedures that required supermajorities to pass .
That procedure blocked Republicans from forcing a vote on opening new areas to oil drilling .
Republicans have been pressing to allow oil exploration in areas that are currently off limits , including the eastern Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic and Pacific coasts .
They have been relentless in their assault on Democrats over the topic , even though opening the Outer Continental Shelf to new exploration would not put any oil on the market for a decade or more .
Democratic leaders have been resolute in blocking new offshore exploration , even as oil state members and moderates in the party support the idea .
It is clear that if a vote were allowed , new offshore drilling plans would be allowed .
" Congress should n't leave its business unfinished while American wallets are drained at the pump , " said Rep. Ander Crenshaw , a Republican .
Democrats believe they can weather the criticism since voters are hardly sympathetic to the big oil companies pressing to lift the drilling restrictions .
They perform better than Republicans in opinion polls on energy — despite the shift in opinions favoring offshore drilling — as well as on most other issues .
The battle over energy has also largely shuttered the annual appropriations process , the 12 bills funding Cabinet agency budgets that are supposed to be passed by the Oct. 1 start of the 2009 budget year .
The House and Senate chairmen of the Appropriations committees shut down panel deliberations to avoid votes on lifting the offshore moratorium , which has been in place for about two decades .
The spending measure that passed Friday is just one of just a handful that even has a chance to become law before Congress adjourns for elections Nov. 4 .
It awards generous increases for veterans medical care and military base construction and base closures .
It is easily the most bipartisan of the 12 annual appropriations bills since it funds politically sacred veterans accounts , despite exceeding President George W. Bush 's already generous budget increase for veterans and military construction by $ 3.4 billion .
The Senate held its last vote Thursday night , though noncontroversial business may be conducted Friday .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
This is part of my RPG series of entries here at SOB .
See the inaugural entry in the series for more details .
Paizo Publishing made the free Beta test PDF for its upcoming Pathfinder RPG available for download at the Pathfinder RPG Webpage .
The “ softcover ” print edition of the Beta is available for order in the Paizo store , as well ( though it ’s not free like the PDF download ) .
I ’m going to have a look through the PDF in the next few days and decide whether I want to buy a copy of the Beta .
Whether I buy a hardcopy Beta will probably depend mostly on how complete it is .
It ’s always nice to have a physical book to refer to in the course of a game session , after all — but if I have to refer to the D&D 3.5 core books too much in addition to the PRPGb book , I may not consider the book worth its price tag .
On the other hand , it ’ll be a piece of gaming history .
We ’ll see .
Anyway , immediately after downloading the Beta and unzipping it , I noticed that there ’s a “ web enhancement ” PDF included .
It contains a bunch of spells and magic items that did n’t make it into the Beta ’s page count .
It might be worth printing the web enhancement document on my black and white laser printer , if I get the print version of the Beta .
That being the case , having these spells and magic items in a separate document wo n’t dissuade me at all from paying for a print version of the Beta .
After all , cutting a bunch of usually unimportant magic items out of the Beta so they can fit in other stuff that ’s more important for day - to - day use of the book strikes me as a good sign .
That means the Beta actually contains more stuff that ’s important to the game than Paizo expected it to contain , after all .
The Beta still has a problem that the Alpha had , though : instances of capital A in headings do n’t display in PDF readers using FreeType for font rendering .
I talked to someone at Glyph & Cog ( the developers of xpdf ) about it , and it seems to be a matter of Adobe ’s PDF authoring software violating Adobe ’s own PDF document specification standard with regard to how fonts should be handled .
It ’s not a huge problem — but it ’s enough of a problem that I would n’t spend actual money on the PDF , since I do n’t want to spend real money on something that does n’t display correctly in the software I prefer to use .
I could use Acroread , except it sucks almost as bad as the Adobe Reader application for MS Windows — so the fact capital As are n’t displaying in heading text is a small price to pay for getting to use a slimmer , simpler , easier to use PDF reader .
Luckily , the Beta PDF is free .
I ’m pretty sure I ’ll comment more on the Beta in the near future .
There is a moment in the first movement of Beethoven 's great Third Symphony , the " Eroica , " when a French horn enters on a jarring off - key note .
The public gasped when it premièred , but that " wrong horn entry " turned the page from the Classical music era to the Romantic era .
The public heard another wrong horn entry last month when Jesse Jackson 's crude complaint about Barack Obama " talking down to black people " was caught by a live mic .
The dissonance represented not the innovative tones of the vanguard but the bitter notes of a depleted and increasingly irrelevant old guard .
Mr. Jackson 's vulgarity has been widely characterized as symbolic of a generational conflict among African - Americans .
It 's that , but also a lot more .
It may well mark the end of the dominant , decades - old theme of " victimology " in African - American discourse that has been Jackson 's – and several other leaders ' – stock in trade .
Victimology , in the view of black writer John McWhorter , is the theory that ( 1 ) African - Americans are continuing victims of racism and discrimination , and ( 2 ) their progress consequently depends chiefly on acts of repentant benevolence by whites – in the extreme case , reparations for slavery .
Jesse Jackson is the best - known victimologist , but far from the only one .
They all must experience acute ambivalence as they view Senator Obama :
On the one hand , satisfaction and pride that an African - American may well be elected president this November ; on the other , what his success tells us about racism – the root of their victimhood – in the United States .
What that success says is that , while they may have had a just cause a few decades ago , today they are dead wrong .
Not only dead wrong but also perpetuating a myth that nurtures dependency thinking on the part of many African - Americans : " We ca n't make it on our own because the system is stacked against us . "
As someone who has been involved in Latin American development issues for almost half a century , " dependency thinking " strikes a resonant – and highly negative – note for me .
During the 1970s and 1980s , " Dependency theory " was the dominant explanation in Latin American and US universities for Latin America 's economic , political , and social backwardness .
Dependency theory argued that the world economic system , dominated by the United States , enriched the affluent countries at the expense of the poor countries .
MIT political scientist Lucian
Pye described dependency theory as " demeaning and despairing , " since it implied impotence on the part of the dependent .
The only way out for the " exploited " was through acts of benevolence by the " exploiters " – the equivalent of " reparations " in the African - American context .
Thankfully , another current of thought has emerged among African - Americans that is wholly consistent with the Obama candidacy and all that it implies about the decline of race as a stigmatizing factor in America today .
Bill Cosby has become the symbol of this movement , which emphasizes self - help as the principal engine of progress for African - Americans .
Those who are sympathetic to the victim view of African - Americans should read " Out of America , " a stunning book by journalist Keith Richburg .
After seeing firsthand the reality of the lives of the vast majority of Africans , he expressed gratitude that his ancestors had come to the United States , even as slaves .
Affirmative action has become a highly significant symbol of the divide on race .
For those who see African - Americans chiefly as victims , affirmative action is an indispensable policy of expiation for the sins of slavery , segregation , and all the other forms of racism and discrimination .
But an emerging national consensus that Obama embraces calls for affirmative action , particularly with respect to education , to be shifted from race to class .
That means that all young people , no matter of what race or ethnicity , who come from circumstances of deprivation but show promise , should receive special treatment by college admission officials .
This is a highly favorable development , one that is consistent with our national goals of a color - blind society and upward mobility for all .
In his book , " Two Wands , One Nation , " former governor of Colorado Richard Lamm poses a novel way to think about race and progress : " Let me offer you , metaphorically , two magic wands that have sweeping powers to change society .
With one wand you could wipe out all racism and discrimination from the hearts and minds of white America .
The other wand you could wave across the ghettos and barrios of America and infuse the inhabitants with Japanese or Jewish values , respect for learning and ambition . "
Which wand would you wave ?
Jackson would almost surely wave the first ; Obama , like Mr. Lamm , the second .
That 's the measure of the sea change on race that is taking place in American society , so powerfully symbolized by Obama 's candidacy .
• Lawrence E. Harrison directs the Cultural Change Institute at Tufts University 's Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy , in Medford , Mass. , where he also teaches .
His latest book is " The Central Liberal Truth : How Politics Can Change a Culture and Save It from Itself . "
Hi , I ’m Jess , a developer building delightfully awesome things .
You can find out more about me , have a look at some things I ’ve built , scroll down for my latest writing on software development , or browse the article archives .
If you are looking for a Full Stack Developer , we should chat .
I ’m currently looking for my next big thing .
Tomgram : Chalmers Johnson , The Pentagon Bailout Fraud
Let 's start with the money the Bush administration has already thrown at the war in Iraq .
According to the June congressional testimony of William Beach , director of the Center for Data Analysis , the war has cost $ 646 billion so far .
The new defense budget for 2009 tacks on another $ 68.6 billion for Iraq and Afghanistan in the coming year .
However , military expert Bill Hartung of the New America Foundation puts a conservative estimate of the costs of a single week of the Iraq War at approximately $ 3.5 billion ( or about $ 180 billion a year ) .
In other words , the war in Iraq will cost far more in the next year than the Iraq portion of that $ 68.6 billion Congress is about to pony up in the defense budget , and so will be funded , as has long been true , through supplemental war bills submitted by the Bush administration ( and then whatever administration follows ) .
In other words , sometime in 2009 the direct costs of the war the Bush administration once predicted would cost perhaps $ 50 - 60 billion in total will stand at more than $ 800 billion , or $ 100 billion above the cost ( if all goes well , which it wo n't ) of the bailout of the financial system now being proposed in Washington .
Estimates of the true long - term costs of the President 's war of choice , including payments of health care and veterans benefits into the distant future , soar into the budgetary stratosphere .
They range from the Congressional Budget Office 's $ 1 - 2 trillion to an estimate by economists Joseph Stiglitz and Linda J. Bilmes of up to $ 4 - 5 trillion .
So we 're talking somewhere between one - and - a - half and seven bailouts - worth of taxpayer dollars flowing into the morass of disaster , corruption , and carnage in Iraq .
And here 's another curious bit of information :
Just the other day , the website ThinkProgress pointed out a strange glitch in Iraq planning .
The Bush administration , deep into negotiations with the Iraqi government , evidently managed to wheedle an extra year 's time for the prospective withdrawal of American combat troops from Iraq ; its negotiators pushed the date from 2010 -- the year suggested by both Barack Obama and Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki -- to 2011 .
According to Maliki in an interview with an Iraqi TV station , this change came from the administration 's concern over the " domestic situation " in the U.S. ( that is , the needs of the McCain campaign ) .
" Actually , " said Maliki , " the final date was really the end of 2010 and the period between the end of 2010 and the end of 2011 was for withdrawing the remaining troops from all of Iraq , but they asked for a change [ in date ] due to political circumstances related to the [ U.S ] domestic situation so it will not be said to the end of 2010 followed by one year for withdrawal but the end of 2011 as a final date . "
So we 're talking about another perhaps $ 150 - 180 billion in 2011 -- or approximately the full suggested initial payout in the Washington bailout plan of at least one key Democrat .
This gives the phrase " presidential politics " new meaning .
Now , just imagine for a moment the situation we might be in if there had been no Iraq War .
We could have bailed ourselves out many times over .
As Chalmers Johnson , author most recently of Nemesis : The Last Days of the American Republic , the final volume of his Blowback Trilogy , has pointed out for years , the Pentagon , the military - industrial complex , and America 's wars are in the process of bankrupting us .
How strange then that , as he indicates below , no one in the mainstream even blinks when a staggering new Pentagon budget sails through the House of Representatives and then , by voice vote , through the Senate just as negotiators in Washington are scrambling to find a similar sum to deal with a catastrophic financial meltdown ; nor does anyone in the mainstream bother to make any connection between that budget and the funds we do n't have available to use elsewhere , or between the looting of Iraq and the looting of our financial system ( and , in both cases , of course , the looting of the American taxpayer ) .
Tom
We Have the Money
If Only We Didn't Waste It on the Defense Budget
By Chalmers Johnson
There has been much moaning , air - sucking , and outrage about the $ 700 billion that the U.S. government is thinking of throwing away on rich New York bankers who have been ripping us off for the past few years and then letting greed drive their businesses into a variety of ditches .
In fact , we dole out similar amounts of money every year in the form of payoffs to the armed services , the military - industrial complex , and powerful senators and representatives allied with the Pentagon .
: : : : : : : : : :
Have you heard of H. Res. 676 ?
No ? Neither had I. H.R. 676 is a bill for Comprehensive Health Insurance Coverage for All United States Residents .
This bill was introduced by John Conyers and has a whopping 91 co-sponsors .
This bill offers :
Every citizen of the US will be covered from birth to death .
No more pre-existing conditions to be excluded from coverage .
No more expensive deductibles or co-pays .
All prescription medications will be covered .
All dental and eye care will be included .
Mental health and substance abuse care will be fully covered .
Long term and nursing home services will be included .
You will always choose your own doctors and hospitals .
Costs of coverage will be assessed on a sliding scale basis .
Tremendously simplified system of medical administration
Total portability – your coverage not tied to any job or location .
Existing Medicare benefits for those over 65 will remain the same or be vastly improved in many cases .
Let ’s reiterate a couple of points :
You can go to any licensed health care clinician anywhere in the United States that is legally qualified to provide the benefits .
There are no deductibles , copayments , coinsurance , or other cost - sharing shall be imposed with respect to covered benefits .
You get government administrated coverage at any doctor you choose ( if they participate , which almost every one of them will because that will be their baseline bread and butter ) and the doctors get paid directly from the government .
Sounds good so far , but it ca n’t cover much of anything , right ?
From the bill , this is what is covered .
The health insurance benefits under this Act cover all medically necessary services , including at least the following :
Primary care and prevention .
Inpatient care .
Outpatient care .
Emergency care .
Prescription drugs .
Durable medical equipment .
Long term care .
Mental health services .
The full scope of dental services ( other than cosmetic dentistry ) .
Substance abuse treatment services .
Chiropractic services .
Basic vision care and vision correction ( other than laser vision correction for cosmetic purposes ) .
From what I can tell , this covers all healthcare ( including eyesight and dental ) unless it is deemed cosmetic or otherwise deemed medically unnecessary .
For cosmetic ( or other ) proceedures deemed not medically necessary , one can purchase private healthcare insurance .
Other than that , private healthcare insurance , should you opt into the national health care program laid out in HR 676 , is neither needed nor allowed ( no double dipping .
You can not get coverage with direct payments to the provider and then get reimbursed by a private insurance company ) .
All providers , physicians , dentists , doctors of osteopathy , psychologists , chiropractors , doctors of optometry , nurse practitioners , nurse midwives , physicians ’ assistants , and other advanced practice clinicians as licensed and regulated by the States will have three options for how they get paid :
Fee for service payment Salaried positions in institutions receiving global budgets Salaried positions within group practices or non-profit health maintenance organizations receiving capitation payments
This gives providers choices , as well as the public .
It also mandates that providers submit a simple bill ( written or by computer ) .
If payments are not made to providers within 30 days , interest must be paid to those providers .
This also covers funding as well as definitions of operational and capital expenditures .
Capital expenditures include facility construction and / or improvement , and the purchasing of equipment .
Conversion to a not - for - profit system will occur over a 15 year period and funding will come from the sale of U. S. Treasury Bonds .
Sounds too good to be true .
There HAS to be drawbacks , right ?
While I do n’t think the bill is perfect , the only thing that looks like it MIGHT be a problem is that there is no mandatory opt in for various providers which means that you may wind up with some who only accept private insurance – or cash payments .
Of course , 99 % of providers and hospitals will opt - in due to the sheer number of available patients , just as most used to for Medicare and Medicaid ( before Bush started messing around with paying those providers ) .
So , the possible downside is that the Have ’s may still have the best healthcare because they can write a check to any doctor or facility for $ 500,000 to pay for their own heart surgery .
There is no way to get around that .
Money has and always will be king .
Overall , I think the bill is good .
Read the full text of the bill for yourself here ( in . PDF ) .
How it will be funded and transitioned is laid out in the bill .
Should you be concerned about where the money will come from and how the government will pay for it , think of this :
How much do you pay weekly , bi-weekly or monthly now ?
How much does your employer kick in ( if you are lucky enough to have one who does ) ?
How much do you pay monthly in co-payments for visits , procedures and medicine ?
Now multiply that by every person paying into private health care insurance in this country .
Then add in the many millions each executive makes in bonuses – that come from your premiums !
Subtract how many doctors have had to hire people to deal with the insurance companies who constantly delay and refuse treatment .
Add in a government entity which can negotiate costs ( so that everyone wins , you , your doctor or other provider , etc . )
And you have a very equable system with private doctors giving you what they do best : Health Care !
While I doubt that we will have any changes at all under Bush and his boot - licking Republican pocket pals , we might actually have a chance after November .
Let ’s prepare to take advantage of that .
So , what can you do ?
Get involved !
From DailyKos :
Ask your congressperson to sign - up as a co-sponsor of HR - 676 !
You can write a letter directly via this site .
You can look - up your elected officials here .
Get any organization you belong to — civic , religious , labor , community , etc. to pass an HR - 676 endorsement resolution :
Here is how to do that via Physicians for a National Health Program .
Or here if you prefer via a non-physician group .
On the DailyKos page ( about half - way down the page ) there are links to several organizations , local , state and national .
Another interesting diary to read on DailyKos is here .
This is something that affect every US citizen .
We should all be demanding that every American citizen has quality health care .
We must take profits out of the mix .
When health care CEO ’s walk away annually with millions in bonuses , that is OUR money – money we give them so that they can delay and deny coverage .
Psssssst ….. do something !
: : : : : : : : : :
Merchandise by :
Rock Paper Scissors Spock Lizard
I invented this game ( with Karen Bryla ) because it seems like when you know someone well enough , 75 - 80 % of any Rock - Paper - Scissors games you play with that person end up in a tie .
Well , here is a slight variation that reduces that probability .
( Note that for those of you who like to swing your fist back and forth and say , " Rock , Paper , Scissors , GO ! " , might want to continue to do that , replacing " Rock " with " One , " " Paper " with " Two , " and " Scissors " with " Three . " )
This version is also nice because it satisfies the Law of Fives .
Notes from Sam :
Thanks for the shout - out , Big Bang Theory !
If you want official RPSSL merchandise , you can buy my own designs from my CafePress site , also now linked on the left .
And if you really do n't like my designs , there are other folks on CafePress who seem to be having fun with their own designs .
It was fun meeting people at the Pittsburgh Comicon .
I put the new " red banner " design from the show up on the CafePress site , as well as t- shirts of all sizes that people asked about .
And congratulations to Jacob for winning the first ever RPSLS tournament I had the opportunity to officiate !
Mel Gibson Slashes Price on Greenwich Estate by $ 4.5 Million
is feeling the effects of the real estate downturn in Greenwich , Connecticut .
Gibson , who has had his Greenwich estate , Old Mill Farm , on the market for over a year , recently dropped the price from $ 39.5 million to $ 35 million .
Designed by architect Charles Lewis Bowman and built in 1926 , Old Mill Farm is one of Greenwich 's treasures .
Resting at the end of a private , formal drive , the 15,800 square foot Elizabethan - inspired Tudor mansion sits on 77 acres of land which includes formal gardens , a maze , pool tennis court , greenhouse , stable staff houses , log cabin and a pond .
The home has 15 bedrooms , 18 bathrooms , 6 fireplaces , a home theatre , library , fitness room and five garage bays .
The great hall has a 40 - foot cathedral ceiling with a stone minstrel 's gallery , walk - in fireplace and leaded glass ceilings .
View photos of Mel Gibson 's Old Mill Farm below .
JERUSALEM ( CNN ) -- Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert handed in his resignation to President Shimon Peres on Sunday , Peres announced .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert formally announced his intent to leave office at a Cabinet meeting Sunday .
" It 's not an easy or simple decision , " Peres said , moments after Olmert formally resigned .
" I wish at this opportunity to thank the prime minister for his service to the country and the people during many years of public service . "
Olmert will remain Israel 's interim prime minister until a successor assumes power either by forming a coalition in the current Knesset or through general elections .
Peres is likely to ask Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni -- who won by a narrow margin to lead the ruling Kadima party last week -- to form a coalition .
She will have a little more than a month to do so .
Peres said that starting Sunday evening , he will meet with the leaders of Israeli political parties represented in the parliament , or Knesset , before announcing who he will appoint to form a coalition .
He said he will announce his appointment before he leaves for the U.N. General Assembly in New York on Monday night .
Dogged by allegations of corruption , Olmert formally announced his intention to resign Sunday at a Cabinet meeting .
" This was not an easy or simple decision , " he said before the meeting .
There are many possible scenarios that could play out in coming months after Peres called on Livni , who won by a narrow margin to lead the ruling Kadima Party last week , to form a coalition .
The Labor Party , the largest of Kadima 's partners in government , could pull out of the coalition , which could force early elections or force the government to take on new coalition partners .
If elections are called , Ehud Barak , former prime minister and Labor leader , could vie for the top spot , but polls have shown he may not have enough support .
Some observers think former Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , head of the opposition Likud Party , is also a potential candidate for the office .
Whoever succeeds
Olmert as prime minister will be handed a set of daunting challenges , including determining the fate of Israel 's talks with the Palestinians , its indirect talks with Syria and its tough talk on Iran 's nuclear aspirations .
If Livni replaces Olmert , she will be the second female prime minister in Israel 's history .
Golda Meir served from 1969 to 1974 .
Watch Livni win Kadima vote »
Livni , a 50 - year - old who entered the Knesset fewer than 10 years ago , owes her Kadima Party victory to her reputation for clean hands in a party that lost Olmert to allegations of graft .
She told reporters Thursday that she intends " to bring together Kadima factions and to go on this new path together . "
Livni is the chief Israeli negotiator with the Palestinian Authority as the two sides work toward a peace deal .
She also refuses to be tied to the Bush administration 's vision of a peace deal by the end of this year .
Meanwhile , police have recommended that Olmert be indicted on corruption charges .
Israeli authorities say Olmert , while serving as Jerusalem mayor and a government minister , asked various public organizations to cover the same expenses and pocketed the extra money .
In May , an American businessman testified that he gave cash - filled envelopes to Olmert , who denies any wrongdoing .
Olmert was Jerusalem 's mayor from 1993 to 2003 and served in several Cabinet posts from 2003 to 2006 .
He took over as prime minister after a 2006 stroke left then - Premier Ariel Sharon in a coma from which he has never recovered .
CNN 's Shira Medding contributed to this report .
All About Ehud Olmert • Israel • Shimon Peres • Tzipi Livni
The people who make a manager 's life difficult are n't the ones who are incompetent .
You can spot them and eliminate them without angst .
It 's semicompetent people who keep their managers awake at night .
No manager wants to fire anyone , least of all when the individual 's work can be good — but just is n't often enough .
The problem with these employees is that they exhaust your management skills ; they can bring down the morale of the rest of your staff ; and they can distract the team from achieving its real goals .
But firing them is n't always the easy answer .
Maybe you do n't have any clear - cut reason to fire the person , because you fear harming your and your company 's reputation or because the next person to get the job will be even worse .
It 's at these times that you feel like the subject of one of those advice columns , " Can this marriage be saved ? "
There 's a point , though , at which any manager says , " That does it . "
How do you know when you 've reached it ?
Can you ever be sure you made the right decision ?
Well , today you can .
Because in this article , you 'll read about a real employee ( we call him Eric ) whose work was below par , from his manager 's point of view .
Given the data here , you decide whether you would fire Eric .
At the end of the article , you 'll learn his actual fate .
As you read along , you 'll be able to compare your decision with responses culled from 16 IT professionals and managers who weighed in on the Eric situation in several online forums .
And now , let 's meet Eric .
Our Problem Employee , Eric
Eric 's manager — let 's call her Evelyn — hired Eric during the dotcom bubble .
Evelyn had had the IT position open for more than a year without finding any particularly qualified candidates .
Since no one in her IT area was interested in the position , she was desperate ( always a bad sign ) .
When Eric entered the picture , he had previously done a similar job , had a few walks - on - water recommendations and really wanted the job .
Eric negotiated well , partly because his neighbor worked for Evelyn's company and gave him useful details about the maximum salary Evelyn could offer without an executive override .
Evelyn hired Eric at the high end of the salary range .
She knew he was n't great , but felt she did n't have any other choice .
After Eric was on board , Evelyn learned :
Eric 's technical area is one that most of the people in his company disdain .
But he likes this kind of work because it allows him to flaunt his power .
He gave himself the title of architect .
This was not well - received among his peers , and Evelyn had to take him off leading one project because of it .
Eric believed he was hired a level below where he ought to be , and that if he proved himself , he'd get a big promotion in six months .
Evelyn never promised him a promotion , though she did say that if the company discovered it had made a mistake in classifying his job position , it would promote him once he proved himself .
Eric required a lot of hand - holding .
Eric asks really basic questions , the kind of questions a manager might expect from an intern : " Where do I get notepads ? " ( We have an admin ; ask her ) .
" Should I be going to this meeting ? " ( Why do you think I put you on the invite list ? )
" What is xxx ? " ( A well - known industry term ; have you ever heard of Google or even our company intranet ? )
This was still going on after Eric was on the job for six months .
He lacked common sense and professionalism .
When Eric heard that layoffs were proposed , he asked Evelyn if he was on the layoff list , which put her in a very difficult position ( She could get fired for telling him yes or no , assuming layoffs were in the picture ) .
He told her he needed to know because he had just bought a very expensive " man toy " that he could n't afford and would need to sell if he was laid off .
Evelyn says this kind of behavior was typical ; he did n't really want the answer .
" He wanted to be reassured that he was valued and that I would never consider laying him off , " she says .
Eric does n't take no for an answer .
He comes to work about 11 a.m. , which is fine so long as his work gets done .
But the company has projects and conference calls with people in Europe and Asia that are sometimes are scheduled at 7 a.m.
Eric considers scheduling early morning calls completely unreasonable , even though the alternative is for the folks in Europe and Asia to stay in their offices till 8 p.m. or later .
Evelyn said he could take the call from home in his jammies , but he had to be present on the call .
He pouted about this for several weeks .
" About the third time he complained that this was unreasonable , I had to say , ' Do n't ask anymore .
I 'm always going to say you have to attend , unless you plan to take a vacation day that day . ' "
Eric does an OK job .
Other than educating him about playing big man on campus , he does his job well , if not imaginatively .
While Eric was hired for a specialized position , over time the company expected its staff to gain new , wider skills .
" It was hard to find things outside his original expertise that he was good at .
He was not a fast study , but he was a good sport about taking on new things , " says Evelyn .
Eric is at a level where one is expected to take on leadership roles .
However , no manager has given him a leadership assignment a second time ; in every attempt , he has bungled it .
He does n't seem to recognize how this has limited his career growth .
Evelyn's own job responsibilities changed as she moved up the corporate ladder , and Eric was no longer her direct report .
She 's gotten calls from his other managers , though .
Everyone has asked , " Do you know how much he makes ?
How did that happen ? " and " Does he always ask so many easily - answered - on - his - own questions ? "
( By then he'd been at the company for years . )
Eric told each new manager that previous managers did n't see his strengths ; could they make a plan to get him the promotion he deserved in the next six months ?
( " None of them agreed with his assessment , of course , and asked me if they were missing something , " she said . )
In short , Eric is moderately competent , if overpaid .
What do you do ?
You 're the manager who decides if he stays or goes .
Here are your options :
Fire Eric .
After all , he 's an at - will employee , and you can find someone else to do a better job for less money .
Document his inadequacies , and then fire him .
Look for any excuse for a layoff .
Even if it 's just one employee ... Eric .
Have a heart - to - heart conversation with him to explain why his job prospects are limited .
Maybe a personal improvement plan can make a difference .
Sigh , and continue on with life .
Not everyone who works for you can be the best .
Call the human resources ( HR ) department .
Let them deal with Eric .
Something else .
What ?
Choose your answer before you turn to the next page .
Next : IT Managers explain how they 'd handle Eric .
One Last Chance
Eric gets a stay of execution , at least from the people who responded to the same essay you just read .
( I 'll tell you his actual fate at the end . )
Only two of the managers who responded via online forums to the Eric scenario were ready to fire him immediately .
One was Jean Fleming , content director at Babcock & Jenkins , a marketing agency in Portland , Ore .
She said she would n't hesitate to fire Eric as long as he could be easily replaced , his position could be eliminated or someone else could absorb his position .
" My rationale for letting him go is pretty simple , " says Fleming .
" It is a burden on everyone else when someone is not quite cutting it . "
The other IT manager who was ready to fire Eric noted that Eric 's competence was negated by his inability to " fit in " and follow a normal work schedule .
He was also concerned about the effect on the team .
" If Eric 's issues are obvious to Evelyn , you can be sure that other team members see them also , " he says .
Both of these managers ' decisions to can Eric are based on the assumption that Eric 's failures have been documented .
If Eric 's problems had n't been recorded , Fleming said she would give Eric a warning and six weeks to address improvement areas .
Or she might isolate his scope of influence to prevent further damage .
Every other participant in the case study said they 'd give Eric a stay of execution .
Here 's why .
Eric's Personal Improvement Program : Shape Up or Ship Out
The majority of respondents prefer to give Eric formal notice that he has to change , either as a last - chance warning , or as a sincere effort to get the guy to shape up .
Gabrielle Roth , a network engineer , thinks Eric sounds like " a class - A jackass , " but she was n't sure anybody had confronted him about it .
Most managers recommended a performance review to establish a personal improvement plan for Eric .
John Hamerlinck , a financial manager , says a manager must identify where Eric 's performance is now , what the manager wants and how to reach those goals if the manager is to handle this review properly .
This performance improvement plan , which should be documented in writing , becomes a focal point for discussing Eric 's progress ( or lack thereof ) , for negotiating with him about his performance and for answering Eric 's questions about his performance , says Hamerlinck .
The final step in the performance - appraisal process is for the manager to ask the employee to sign off on it .
If the employee signs off , you have a plan with goals and milestones , says Hamerlinck .
" If Eric does n't leave after agreeing and does n't meet the milestones , there are now grounds for further action , including firing , " he adds .
If you 're ready to have that meeting , the question then becomes , How do you effectively get the point across to the employee that his performance is serious business ?
That 's what we explore next .
What Do You Say ?
Having to confront an employee about his poor performance is thorny territory for managers .
When you have that meeting , experienced managers recommend leading with the positives .
For example , Anja Schuetz , a people management and performance coach points out some of Eric 's strengths :
He obviously sold himself well in the interview and is a good self - marketer .
Network engineer Roth says after opening the conversation by complimenting Eric 's willingness to take on new projects , she 'd point out why he has not been given leadership roles more than once .
" It 's hard to explain to someone that they have an unrealistic assessment of their own abilities , " she says .
" Past performance reviews would come in handy here , as well as the observation that he requires a lot of hand - holding on basic tasks . "
The key to having this conversation go smoothly is to stay nonjudgmental .
Schuetz says she would use Eric's job description to compare what is expected with what he is delivering .
" He needs to know exactly what is expected of him and what the right way to do things is , so he can see for himself that he is doing it the wrong way , " she says .
The close of the meeting is the most important .
The manager must ensure the employee agrees with ( or at least acknowledges ) the assessment , understands his job is in real danger and either makes a commitment to change ( usually by signing a document ) or prepares to separate from the company .
" I would close by telling him that I only see two options now : an improvement plan or him leaving the company to find a job or environment that 's better for him , " says Schuetz .
" I might ask him if he sees any other solution ( no matter if I 'd agree with it , just to give him the feeling I 'm trying to find a solution with him and that he 's valued and important enough to give his input , too ) . "
She 'd then give him a few days to think it over , and then they'd talk about the details of the improvement plan if he decides to go for it .
Why put all this effort into such a problematic employee ?
Because Eric deserves his chance ...
Give Eric an Opportunity to Redeem Himself
In moving ahead with a performance appraisal and improvement plan , a manager can have one of two intentions : to either get enough documentation to fire their Eric , or to truly help him fix his problems and make him a productive and happy employee .
Most people prefer to reform Eric , both to save themselves the effort of finding a new employee and because they optimistically believe Eric can be effective .
They hope that empowering Eric will cause him to rise to the occasion .
And if Eric 's attitude is genuinely good , they could reposition him into a different role that better suits his personality and skills .
Jonathan Goldson , a business technology management consultant , has his own tactics for helping his workers improve .
He establishes key performance indicators ( KPIs ) to measure and evaluate his employees ' work and to facilitate follow - up discussions on what went right , what went wrong and where to improve .
There is little reason for an employee to ask about a promotion if all his goals go unfulfilled , says Goldson .
Goldson also suggests offering small carrots , such as training or conference attendance , to increase the individual 's morale and willingness to exceed expectations .
" Fear of being fired only makes that person do just enough not to get fired , " Goldson says .
Despite the work involved for the manager , the extra effort benefits the employee , overall department performance and , eventually , your own sanity , he says .
Offering problem employees like Eric one last chance gives them the option to leave on their own rather than wait to be fired .
Seven years ago the Bush administration brought neoconservatives into a position of power with a dream of everlasting American hegemony , a unipolar superpower who would dictate military , economic and cultural terms to the world .
The end of history in many neocon minds came with a momentous date - 9/11 .
Seven years later , the Bush administration 's mismanagement of the nation has ensured that that the neoconservative dream is crushed .
Russia is looking forward to , and recruiting allies for , a multipolar future - invoking 9/11 as the reason to do so .
" The solidarity of the international community fostered on the wave of struggle against terrorism turned out to be somehow `privatized '...
It has become crystal clear that the solidarity expressed by all of us after 9/11 should be revived ( without double standards ) when we fight against any infringements upon the international law , " [ Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov ] said .
Lavrov called for a new " solidarity " of the international community and a strengthened United Nations , saying only in the post - Cold War world can the organization " fully realize its potential " as a global center " for open and frank debate and coordination of the world policies on a just and equitable basis free from double standards . "
" This is an essential requirement , if the world is to regain its equilibrium , " he said .
Russia has n't exactly been guiltless about double standards - I 'm thinking about Chechnya and internal dissent as well as an over - response to Georgian aggression in South Ossetia - but Lavrov has a point .
After 9/11 , even Iranian leaders were proclaiming solidarity with the US .
What happened was that the outpouring of genuine concern that could have shaped a new co-operative world was harnessed to give the neocon adventure a temporary Coalition of the Willing instead .
Their lust for Empire burned up all the political capital America had on the world stage - and now even if McCain was elected to continue the neoconservative fever he would n't be able to , the world is just too resistant to it .
By probably deliberate contrast to McCain 's call to ostracize Russia and other nations he designated undemocratic ( as opposed to Georgia , where Saaskivilli had opponents beaten in the streets ) , Lavrov is also calling for a new organisation to bind disparate European nations together in a common interest of security .
Declaring that Europe 's security architecture " did not pass the strength test " in Georgia , Lavrov reiterated Russian President Dmitry Medvedev 's proposal in June for a new Treaty on European Security .
It would strengthen peace and stability and participants would reaffirm the non-use of force , peaceful settlement of disputes , sovereignty , territorial integrity and noninterference in another country 's affairs , he said .
Finally , he added , it would promote " an integrated and manageable development across the vast Euro - Atlantic region . "
Lavrov said work on the new treaty could be started at a pan-European summit and include governments as well as organizations working in the region .
He referred to it as " a kind of ` Helsinki - 2 ' , " a follow - up to the 1975 Helsinki Treaty between all European nations , together with the U.S. and Canada , which evolved into the present - day Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe , the largest conflict - prevention and security organization on the continent .
That 's called dangling a carrot - offering security cooperation with a newly resurgent Russia while clearly offering the possibility that America might not get invited to multipolar Europe 's party if it wo n't play nice .
Then there 's China , where reports have it that financiers are nervous about the possibility of America 's imminent economic collapse .
Again , it was the Bush administration and a financial version of the neoconservative arrogant wish for American domination that brought American power to its current state .
In an article for China Daily , a Chinese government researcher writes :
is it the end of US financial hegemony ?
In addition to the latest financial crisis , the US has so far experienced another financial crisis since the turn of the century - the bursting of its technological bubble .
Many foreign investors have suffered heavy losses in these two crises .
Some economists even warned that such cyclical formation of bubbles will seriously compromise foreign investors ’ confidence in the US financial market .
And the folks at WorldMeets .
US , who translated the article , add " What could be more unnerving than having your largest creditor begin pondering your financial demise ? "
Maybe , if you 're a neocon like John McCain , having your largest rivals - China , Russia and Europe - pondering the demise of your ability to protect your hegemony and knowing your own kind ruined American power .
An international team of scientists predict that our galaxy , the Milky Way , contains a disk of ‘ dark matter ’ , in a paper published in Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society .
Astronomers Dr. Justin Read , Professor George Lake and Oscar Agertz of the University of Zurich , and Dr. Victor Debattista of the University of Central Lancashire used the results of a supercomputer simulation to deduce the presence of this disk .
They explain how it could allow physicists to directly detect and identify the nature of dark matter for the first time .
Unlike the familiar ‘ normal ’ matter that makes up stars , gas and dust , ‘ dark ’ matter is invisible but its presence can be inferred through its gravitational influence on its surroundings .
Physicists believe that it makes up 22 % of the mass of the Universe ( compared with the 4 % of normal matter and 74 % comprising the mysterious ‘ dark energy ’ ) .
But , despite its pervasive influence , no one is sure what dark matter consists of .
CLICK IMAGE ABOVE FOR FULL SIZE .
Prior to this work , it was thought that dark matter forms in roughly spherical lumps called ‘ halos ’ , one of which envelopes the Milky Way .
But this standard theory is based on supercomputer simulations that model the gravitational influence of the dark matter alone .
The new work includes the gravitational influence of the stars and gas that also make up our galaxy .
Stars and gas are thought to have settled into disks very early on in the life of the Universe and this affected how smaller dark matter halos formed .
The team ’s results suggest that most lumps of dark matter in our locality merged to form a halo around the Milky Way .
But the largest lumps were preferentially dragged towards the galactic disk and were then torn apart , creating a disk of dark matter within the Galaxy .
“ The dark disk only has about half of the density of the dark matter halo , which is why no one has spotted it before , ” said lead author Justin Read .
“ However , despite its low density , if the disk exists it has dramatic implications for the detection of dark matter here on Earth . ”
The Earth and Sun move at some 220 kilometres per second along a nearly circular orbit about the centre of our Galaxy .
Since the dark matter halo does not rotate , from an Earth - based perspective it feels as if we have a ‘ wind ’ of dark matter flowing towards us at great speed .
By contrast , the ‘ wind ’ from the dark disk is much slower than from the halo because the disk co-rotates with the Earth .
“ It 's like sitting in your car on the highway moving at a hundred kilometres an hour ” , said team member Dr Victor Debattista .
“ It feels like all of the other cars are stationary because they are moving at the same speed . ”
This abundance of low - speed dark matter particles could be a real boon for researchers because they are more likely to excite a response in dark matter detectors than fast - moving particles .
“ Current detectors cannot distinguish these slow moving particles from other background ‘ noise ’ , ” said Prof.
Laura Baudis , a collaborator at the University of Zurich and one of the lead investigators for the XENON direct detection experiment , which is located at the Gran Sasso Underground Laboratory in Italy .
“ But the XENON100 detector that we are turning on right now is much more sensitive .
For many popular dark matter particle candidates , it will be able to see something if it ’s there . ”
This new research raises the exciting prospect that the dark disk – and dark matter – could be directly detected in the very near future .
Many of you have written that congressional voice mail boxes are full .
Unfortunately there is not much I can do if no one is answering the phones .
I suspect that is because we have concentrated on too few .
We need to man the phones and start targeting EVERYONE in Congress .
Phone every legislative representative in your state .
If those fill up , pick another state , even a small one .
Tell them it is still no deal , Leave a short message so others can leave one .
Fill every in box in the country .
This is the correct message now .
" If you vote for this Bailout Bill I will vote against you .
I will do more than that , I will work actively for your opponent , no matter who that person is , doing everything in my power to contribute to your defeat .
I will contributing my time , energy and money to your opponent , whoever that may be .
I will talk to my friends , my family and my co-workers and urge them to do the same .
I have contacted my friends already and asked them to do the same . "
Do not use that exactly .
Make your own variations but make it short .
I want the most messages possible and I want every box in the country full .
Congressional Phone And Fax Numbers
Click Here For Congresional Phone And Fax Numbers
Please continue the ongoing Fax Campaign as well .
You can find the fax campaign here :
Bailout Deal Passes But ...
I did not list every senator .
You can click the above link and find them .
It is easy .
Every Senator needs to be faxed .
Just do it !
Start with your own state , then pick other states at random .
Flood them with faxes .
Every
Fax needs to say this :
Dear senator / congressional rep
If you vote for this Bailout Bill I will vote against you .
I will do more than that , I will work actively for your opponent , no matter who that person is , doing everything in my power to contribute to your defeat .
If you vote for this bill I will contribute my time , energy and money to your opponent , whoever that may be .
I will talk to my friends , my family and my co-workers and urge them to do the same .
I have already contacted many friends and have asked them to do the same .
Nowadays , it seems like going green is no longer a choice but a necessity .
As a result , green homes built with efficiencies in mind are becoming more and more mainstream .
This eco-friendliness craze now includes advanced new home construction strategies and the incorporation of eco-friendly designs into new houses .
The rise in popularity of green building means that some notable trends are emerging .
Here are six trends you can use to make your new home eco-friendlier .
Smart Homes
Most homes already have a certain amount of “ smartness . ”
A smart home refers to a convenient home setup where internet - connected devices enable the remote monitoring and management of the house .
Any electrical appliance in your home can be connected to your home network .
Some are built into the home structure itself , and some are added later .
When devices can “ talk ” to one another in your home , it simplifies complex tasks or automates them completely .
Remote - controlled appliances mean your house can be monitored from anywhere .
For instance , you can check if your Keto protein powder is stored properly .
However , all this automated attentiveness will come with a high price tag .
Living Walls and Roofs
‘ Living ’ roofs and walls , also known as green walls , are emerging as important additions to ecologically responsible buildings ’ design techniques .
The term green walls encompass all forms of vegetated wall surfaces .
Green roofs and living walls cover the impermeable areas that densely populate our urban areas .
For instance , a living roof or wall can be a small container bed supporting trees and shrubs .
Alternatively , it can be as simple as a few inches of ground - cover or a complete park - like setting with plants .
If well - designed , living walls and roofs can offer people the psychological benefits of nature .
Bamboo Hardwood Flooring
Bamboo flooring has been touted as an environmentally - friendly choice .
Its eco-friendliness is because bamboo is grass and not hardwood .
Bamboo flooring has a chic , exotic look but is still relatively inexpensive .
Unlike some species of hardwood , bamboo is a renewable resource .
That means it is a natural product with the added benefit of sustainability and durability .
That makes it suitable for contemporary and modern design schemes .
Prefabricated Homes
Prefabricated homes are nothing more than houses that are pre-built in a factory .
This means prefabricated homes are built off - site and then transported to and assembled at a final destination .
Not only do they provide home buyers with an energy - efficient building solution , they also save on labor costs by moving the majority of the building process into a factory .
The assembly of a prefabricated home is based on the same concept as that of a car .
This makes them cheaper , more sustainable , and quicker to build than traditional homes .
Nevertheless , prefabricated dwellings must be built to conform to all applicable state , local , and regional building codes .
Tiny Homes
Tiny houses have been heralded as a radical and creative way to shrink our carbon footprint .
Originating in the US , tiny homes have also been popping up across Canada and the United Kingdom .
To be considered a “ tiny home ” , the square footage can be no higher than 400 .
Tiny homes , however , usually have aesthetic similarities to a traditional home .
Tiny houses have their perks — they ’re both environmentally and budget - friendly .
Most tiny homes are often designed to meet function first .
Some tiny houses are designed by the owner while others are made in factories by firms that specialize in manufacturing tiny homes .
Cargotecture
As the push for eco-friendly homes grows , there is one trend that is pushing the limits of design — cargotecture .
The term Cargotecture was coined at the HyBrid Architecture of Seattle in 2003 .
This form of shipping - container architecture involves the conversion of intermodal containers into habitable houses .
The eco-friendly containers are presented anew , complete with smart walls and rainwater collection .
Repurposing containers into buildings has proven to be 30 % more cost - effective than traditional construction techniques .
These impressive homes and offices are sustainable and durable enough to last several generations .
Besides , a wide range of projects can be built , from tiny homes to multi-family dwellings .
Final Takeaway
There are always new green building products coming out .
These six trends will inspire you to create a home that is stylish , comfortable to live in , and costs less to run .
The Judge who presided over the first successful prosecution of an American P2P file sharer has hinted that he has changed his mind - and may nullify the trial .
Jammie Thomas sold her knickers online ( see pic ) after being convicted of copyright infringement last year .
A jury of her peers in Duluth , Minnesota was n't impressed by what they regarded as a time - wasting trial , when she should have copped to a small fine :
" Her defense sucked ...
I do n't know what the fuck she was thinking , to tell you the truth , " said jury member Michael Hegg at the time .
Jammie Thomas fundraising thong
But now Judge Davis thinks that the basis of the record companies ' pursuit of file - sharers sucks , too .
It hinges on the prosecution 's use of the " making available " argument .
Last October , the prosecution successfully argued that leaving songs in a shared folder on a network means making them available , leaving the sharer liable for infringement damages .
That 's what Judge Davis told the Duluth jury , too .
The problem is , the Copyright Act does n't use the words " making available " .
What the Act does do , however , is define five exclusive rights in the copyright ' bundle ' : Reproduction , adaptation , publication , performance and display .
And for sound recordings , it defines " publication " as " offering to distribute copies or phonorecords to a group of persons for purposes of further distribution , public performance , or public display " .
Which seems clear enough .
But the courts have expressed differing views on the matter .
Within the space of a fortnight earlier this year , we saw two courts accept the argument that shared folders are n't publication while another rejected it .
( See Is sharing a folder copyright infringement ?. )
Fox host tells guest mentioning McCain role in Keating Five scandal to ' pipe down '
Nick Juliano
Published : Thursday September 25 , 2008
Print This Email This ' Cut his mike , ' producer suggests The Keating Five scandal , and John McCain 's role in it , has received relatively little mention in presidential campaign coverage , and at least one Fox News host seems dedicated to keeping it that way .
Appearing Thursday morning on Fox & Friends , radio host Mike Papantonio tried to remind viewers about McCain 's intervention with federal regulators on behalf of real estate mogul Charles Keating , who was trying to avoid regulations of a savings and loan he owned during the S&L crisis of the 1980s .
F& F 's Steve Doocy told Papantonio to " pipe down , " called him " rude " and demanded he " cut it out . "
A show producer could be overheard saying " cut his mike . "
As Papantonio tries one last time to explain the details of the Keating Five scandal , Doocy again cuts him off .
" This is not the History Channel , " he says .
Papantonio's apparent crime was interrupting fellow guest Michael Reagan , the conservative radio host , who was arguing that it would be unfair to judge McCain based on his actions 20 years ago .
" It has everything to do with what 's happening today , " Papantonio said before being told to pipe down .
Regardless of whether Papantonio was being rude , preserving an orderly debate certainly could not have been Doocy 's goal in silencing the guest .
Not two minutes before his admonition that Papantonio was " being rude , " Doocy repeatedly interrupted his guest to deliver talking points that might as well have been written by the McCain campaign .
At least three times Doocy interrupted Papantonio as he argued that McCain 's political gambit to " suspend " his campaign and delay Friday 's debate was more a response to his flagging poll numbers than an attempt to fix the economic crisis .
Doocy was n't buying it .
" If Barack Obama wants to do so much for the economy , why does n't he go to his day job and work in the US senate ? " he asked Reagan , cutting off Papantonio 's argument .
The following video was posted Thursday on Go Left TV .
The Guardian 's Emine Saner tests the Ila Dusk , designed to sound like a woman 's scream .
But will anyone come to her rescue ?
I am appalled at the Boulder County Colorado Deputy overweight Nazi goon squad 's August 27th handling of Asa Eslocker ( ABC News investigative unit ) and his right to videotape in public .
Police in Denver arrested an ABC News producer today as he and a camera crew were attempting to take pictures on a public sidewalk of Democratic senators and VIP donors leaving a private meeting at the Brown Palace Hotel .
These so - called " law enforcement officers " are becoming nothing but domestic terrorists .
Had that goon manhandled me like that , I would have punched his lights out and knocked him on his butt , and been within my legal rights to self protection .
He 's lucky the guy he was accosting did n't have a gun on him and he was n't shot .
The public witnesses there should have stopped this immediately .
Those guys are looking for a fight , causing disruptions in society , violating their oath of office and simply acting like warmongerers .
They are pathetic excuses of law enforcement serving the public , and are heading for trouble if they keep this kind of lawless police state dementia going .
We'd be better off with such goon squads working at McDonalds where they would be more qualified to work .
During the arrest , one of the officers can be heard saying to Eslocker , " You 're lucky I did n't knock the f.. k out of you . "
Beautiful gardens , national parks from all around the world !
Please take a tour , and enjoy !
Blu -ray 's hold on the plastic video disc market is slipping — the opposite of what everyone expected once HD DVD bowed out of the competition .
Blu -ray 's market share fell to eight percent during the week ending on September 14 , according to the latest data from Nielsen VideoScan , with regular old DVD making up the other 92 percent .
And with the US economy now on even shakier ground than usual , Blu-ray 's chunk of the market looks likely to stay low for some time .
The numbers show that Blu-ray 's market share dropped 13.39 percent from the previous week , and that DVD 's numbers actually went up by 0.15 percent .
Netflix CEO
Barry McCarthy recently told Home Media Magazine that he did n't expect Blu-ray to have much of an impact on the company 's DVD business in 2008 at all .
Citing high player prices , he said that only a fraction of Netflix subscribers currently rent Blu-ray disks .
" It may grow after the holiday selling season , if sales are slow and prices are cut more aggressively , " McCarthy said .
It does n't take a mathematician to note that eight percent is quite a bit lower than the 50 percent market share Sony wanted by the end of the year , at least according to Sony President Ryoji Chubachi this past April .
Even though one or two Blu-ray players have finally dropped below the $ 200 price point — check Amazon for Sony 's BDP - S300 — they 're just not being snapped up like some expected .
Blu -ray 's slowdown is a quite a change from earlier this year , when Blu-ray was seen as outpacing DVD .
Now that pocketbooks are feeling lighter than ever , it 's unlikely that Blu-ray will do much better through the end of the year , either .
People are happy enough with the way regular DVDs look on their HDTVs that it's not worth dropping another $ 200 + ( plus even more to cover the more expensive movie purchases and rentals ) on a Blu-ray player .
And HD movie and TV downloads are becoming more popular than ever — many of them are even free , thanks to ad - supported streaming — and the short - term outlook for Blu-ray looks a little grim .
The official patch for STS - 38 ( left ) and the secret patch ( right ) for this Defense Department mission .
Space
Age hieroglyphs
On November 15 , 1990 , the space shuttle Atlantis roared into the dark Florida sky on STS - 38 , the seventh dedicated mission for the Department of Defense .
Of the ten classified shuttle missions conducted at the height of the program , STS - 38 has been the subject of much speculation due to its secret cargo of two very unusual payloads .
Tucked inside the shuttle ’s payload bay was a classified National Reconnaissance Office ( NRO ) communications satellite — known as Quasar — that would be used to relay data between intelligence spacecraft in low Earth orbit .
But the Quasar payload , although highly classified , also served as a cover story for an even more exotic payload — a stealthy satellite inspection spacecraft , often referred to as “ Prowler ” , designed to sneak up on other satellites undetected , photographing and measuring them in various ways .
The disclosure of the “ secret ” STS - 38 patch raises the interesting possibility that other classified shuttle mission patches may also exist .
Although STS - 38 ’s operational secrets were cloaked at great effort and expense , subtler clues hinted at the mission ’s clandestine nature .
The official mission patch for the flight ( Figure 1 ) featured two nose - on images of a shuttle orbiter , with a white version on top and a dark version below .
According to NASA ’s image description , “ the top orbiter … symbolizes the continuing dynamic nature of the Space Shuttle Program .
The bottom orbiter , a black and white mirror image , acknowledges the thousands of unheralded individuals who work behind the scenes … this mirror image symbolizes the importance of their contributions . ”
But NASA has never disclosed that there was also a secret patch designed for this mission : an emblem that had a darker border ( Figure 2 ) .
Most notably , the shuttles were inverted , with the black orbiter — the classified mission — on top , and the white orbiter on the bottom .
It was an inside joke by the all - military crew about the true nature of their mission .
Figure 1 ( left ) and Figure 2
Many shuttle crews have created unofficial humorous patches for their missions over the years .
But the disclosure of the “ secret ” STS - 38 patch raises the interesting possibility that other classified shuttle mission patches may also exist .
There is considerable anecdotal evidence from the expendable rocket community that patches for classified space missions have long existed , often containing not only inside jokes , but also hints and clues about a rocket ’s payload .
It would not be too much of a stretch to presume that similar patches may have been created for other classified shuttle payloads as well .
Shedding some light
Since we wrote our initial article on patches for military space missions ( see “ Secrets and Signs ” , The Space Review , January 7 , 2008 ) , and how they occasionally reveal details of the classified payloads , we have gathered a substantial amount of new information on a number of these patches .
Although there are no secrecy - shattering revelations , these tidbits do help to fill in some of the question marks surrounding this arcane subject , as well as correct some of our preliminary guesses about the meaning of a few of these patches .
Patches for classified robotic spacecraft launches have gone largely unnoticed outside of the small community of people actually involved with a specific mission who designed , manufactured and distributed these prized souvenirs within their inner circle .
Except for some publicity in 2000 about a National Reconnaissance Office radar imaging satellite known as “ Lacrosse ” , the subject has not drawn much attention from the press or even collectors .
However , the recent publication of Trevor Paglen ’s awkwardly named book , I Could Tell You But Then You Would Have To Be Destroyed By Me , ( Melville House , 2008 ) , which primarily focuses on patches for secretive aircraft programs — particularly those at Area 51 / Groom Lake — has attracted some new attention to the subject .
Paglen ’s book is beautifully illustrated and a lot of fun , and was prominently featured in a full - color , full - page spread in The New York Times , television ’s “ The Colbert Report ” , and a segment on National Public Radio ; however , it contains relatively little information on spacecraft patches .
As we demonstrated in our previous article , there are numerous classified spacecraft and launch patches that have received little attention or interpretation .
Dragons above Images of dragons have appeared in at least four recent patches for classified spacecraft launches .
Quite often , these patches for classified satellite programs feature stars that apparently correspond to the number of spacecraft of that general type launched over the years .
Thus , the eight stars in a 2003 patch associated with the launch of a signals intelligence satellite corresponds with the eight large satellites of that type launched over several decades of operation .
As we noted in our first article , a dragon patch with four stars was a bit of an enigma .
It had not been definitively connected with any specific launch .
The four stars would appear to correspond to the fourth satellite of that type launched in 1978 .
Yet a recently acquired version of this patch is unblemished and pristine , with crisp , bold colors apparently the result of modern computerized embroidery .
It seemed highly unlikely that this patch was knocking around for thirty years and , as you will soon see , it was associated with a much more recent mission than we originally surmised .
The dragons ’ wings form the shape of a parabolic dish , a clear reference to the large dish - shaped antennae prominently featured on these signals intelligence spacecraft .
We were recently allowed access to a nearly - complete collection of Titan IV patches which listed the missions each payload patch was associated with .
It turns out that this dragon patch actually was the spacecraft patch for a 1998 Titan IV launch of a large signals intelligence satellite .
This collection of Titan IV patches allows us to correct the record and look for any patterns .
The first dragon patch is for the satellite launched on a Titan IV ( mission K - 23 ) on May 15 , 1995 from Cape Canaveral .
This rocket had a 26.2 - meter-long ( 86 - foot - long ) payload shroud and was launched to a geosynchronous orbit .
Independent observers believe that it was the first of a new class of large signals intelligence satellites they designated “ Advanced Orion ” .
The patch for this mission ( Figure 3 ) had three stars , indicating that it was possibly the third satellite of that general class launched into space .
In fact , two large geosynchronous signals intelligence satellites were reportedly launched by the space shuttle during the 1980s , so this may have been a follow - on spacecraft to those earlier launches .
Figure 3 ( left ) and Figure 4 On May 8 , 1998 , the Air Force launched another Titan IV ( mission B - 25 ) with characteristics similar to the May 1995 Advanced Orion launch .
The patch for the satellite ( Figure 4 ) on this launch is similar to its predecessor ( figure 3 ) .
It contains four stars , plus the trail of something else — a higher altitude payload ? — leaving the frame .
On September 9 , 2003 , the Air Force launched another Titan IV ( mission B - 36 ) that shared characteristics with the two previous Advanced Orion launches .
Once again , the patch for this mission featured a dragon , although it did not include stars around the Earth ( Figure 5 ) .
It did , however , feature a diamond in the clutches of the dragon ’s tail .
Could this signify that this was the capstone launch for the program ?
Perhaps the last payload of that type launched ?
Figure 5
One thing that is noticeable about all three patches , and which is especially stark when looking at actual versions of both the first and second dragon patches , is that the dragons ’ wings form the shape of a parabolic dish , a clear reference to the large dish - shaped antennae prominently featured on these signals intelligence spacecraft .
Although the dragon motif is consistent with other patterns observed about these satellites , such as the orbits they flew in and the size of the Titan IV payload shrouds , it is now clear that the dragon , or a similar reptile motif , shows up in other patches for other high - altitude signals intelligence satellites .
For instance , on July 10 , 1995 , the Air Force launched a Titan IV ( mission K - 19 ) from Cape Canaveral equipped with an 86 - foot payload shroud , like the other “ dragon patch ” missions .
However , this payload did not head for geosynchronous orbit ; instead , it arced up the US East Coast toward a highly elliptical high inclination orbit .
Independent observers declared that this was a class of signals intelligence satellites named “ Trumpet ” .
The patch for this mission ( Figure 6 ) featured two dragons hovering over the Earth , and also eight stars .
The golden - shaped “ wings ” on the dragons are the clearest indication of all the patches hinting at the presence of large parabolic dish antennae ( which also happen to be covered with a gold alloy ) .
Figure 6
On November 8 , 1997 , the Air Force launched yet another Titan IV ( mission A - 17 ) with characteristics similar to the previous Trumpet mission .
This mission patch ( Figure 7 ) featured three cobras wrapped around the Earth .
It also featured eleven stars .
Notably , the cobras ’ bodies and tails seem to indicate both equatorial and high inclination orbits .
The Latin phrase — Nunquam Ante Numquam Iteram — cryptically translates to “ Never before , never again . ”
Figure 7
The Trumpet program was apparently followed by a new program featuring somewhat smaller satellites but operating in similar orbits .
ÊThey continued the reptile motif with the launch of an Atlas V rocket on NRO launch L - 28 on March 13 , 2008 from Vandenberg Air Force Base .
ÊThe patch associated with this launch ( figure 8 ) shows Earth in the claws of what appears to be a reptilian hand .
ÊThe design echoes the posters for the 2005 movie War of the Worlds .
( Authors ’ correction , 8/28/08 :
It was brought to our attention that the “ reptilian hand ” gripping the Earth in figure 8 is , in fact , an eagle ’s claw , representative of the bald eagle depicted on the NROL - 28 mission patch , now included as Figure 8a ) .
Figure 8 Figure 8a
Notably , the patch features four stars , although what they refer to is still unknown .
The large number of dragon patches or patches with a reptilian motif hints that this is not only a symbol for a specific type ( or class ) of satellite , but perhaps for the department within the National Reconnaissance Office that manages these payloads .
There remains one additional dragon patch ( Figure 9 ) that we have so far not been able to identify with a specific launch .
Figure 9
Whereas previously it was possible to obtain many of these patches on eBay for perhaps $ 5 –20 apiece , certain patches ( those most prominently featured in Paglen ’s book ) suddenly were commanding prices of $ 60 –90 !
The patch appears to be an older type , looking like other military patches produced in the 1970s and 1980s , before improvements in patch manufacturing .
The six stars clearly symbolize something ( notably , four of them are circled , possibly indicating satellites that were no longer active ) .
This patch is unique as it has yet to be offered for sale on eBay .
Speaking of eBay , Paglen ’s book has apparently had an interesting effect on the trade of patches for classified military programs .
Initially , it drove the price for some of these patches through the roof .
Whereas previously it was possible to obtain many of these patches on eBay for perhaps $ 5 –20 apiece , certain patches ( those most prominently featured in the book ) suddenly were commanding prices of $ 60–90 !
Very quickly , entrepreneurs recognized a golden opportunity and began reproducing the patches in the book and offering them for sale , noting that they were the result of the book ( as opposed to originals ) .
The price of these copies is significantly lower , making it possible for anybody who has a few extra bucks to spare in a tightening economy to purchase them .
The quality of most of the patches is top notch , a testament to the fact that embroidered patches are now produced in much the same way as a color photocopy , with digital sewing machines instead of laser printers .
page 2 : the pretty girl and the flying pig >>
Photo : Jessica Roberts
Rasha is a petite five foot four .
She walks with a feather step and looks at you with penetrating obsidian eyes .
Her lips are often lightly glossed in pink , and her serious brown hair is commonly tied in a librarian ’s bun .
She ’s fine - boned , with features as brittle and hard as porcelain :
If you drop her , she ’ll break , but she ’ll cut you , too .
She ’s tough and tender , enraged and exhausted , withdrawn and outgoing , a pessimist brimming with hope .
She has lived in the United States for more than eighteen years , almost all of them in Brooklyn .
Rasha was born in 1983 , in Damascus , Syria , but when she was 5 years old , her family was granted a tourist visa to the United States , and they moved from the Fertile Crescent to Avenue U in Gravesend .
At the time , Syria under Hafez al - Assad was anything but fertile .
Bombings against the regime were frequent , as were mass arrests and torture , culminating in the 1982 massacre of thousands in the city of Hama .
As soon as the family arrived in the United States , Rasha ’s father applied for residency .
He also began working at a discount clothing store on 14th Street in Manhattan , eventually becoming a partner .
Rasha ’s mother taught her how to be a proper Arab Muslim girl in the United States .
As her parents were not particularly religious , the lessons revolved less around theology than values : honesty , compassion , and protection of her honor .
She had three siblings — Reem , an older sister ; Munir , an older brother ; and Wassim , a younger brother .
None of them was much of a model for Rasha .
Reem was five years older , a large differential at that age .
The two girls fought often .
The family stayed in the New York area until 1996 , still without having adjusted their immigration status .
The residency application had been unsuccessful , but Rasha ’s father had hired a lawyer and was appealing the decision .
Meanwhile , her mother had given birth to two more little brothers .
Since they were born in Brooklyn , the two infant boys were , unlike the rest of the family , citizens of the United States .
But the immigration proceedings were stalled , and Rasha ’s father gave up and moved them back to Syria that year .
Rasha had just finished sixth grade , and she found her new environs hard going .
She spoke Arabic but could not read and write in the language , so school was difficult .
Outside class , she would repeat to her school friends what she heard at home about Syria ’s dear president , and their mouths would drop .
“ You never , ever , ever say anything about the president , ” they whispered .
She became even more pro-American , seeing with a teenage girl ’s perspective the importance of things like freedom of speech and basic human rights .
She realized how much she had taken for granted .
She missed her American life .
After a couple of months , Rasha ’s father received word from his American lawyer that the family finally had an interview scheduled for their green - card application .
They were approved for a visa to visit the United States , which felt like a miracle .
Back in Brooklyn , Rasha was again happy .
This is what she knew .
This was home .
James Madison High School was good for Rasha .
The redbrick school , set in a prosperous area of Midwood , with its large houses and green lawns , has an elegant exterior even though the windows are caged and you need to pass through a metal detector to get in .
It also has a quote from President Madison carved on its edifice .
“ Education , ” it reads , “ is the true foundation of civil liberty . ”
At Madison , Rasha met her best friends , Gaby and Nicky .
Gaby is from Ecuador , Nicky from Azerbaijan .
The three of them became inseparable .
When they were n’t in school , they were everywhere else — on the subway to Manhattan , at one another ’s houses , at the movies , shopping , or eating .
By the spring of 2001 , when Rasha graduated from Madison , her father had saved enough money to buy a place in Bay Ridge , with its limestone row houses and numerous Arabs .
This was the first property the family had owned , and her parents were very proud of the accomplishment .
Two Egyptian tenants lived in their basement apartment .
Rasha started college in September 2001 .
On the morning of September 11 , 2001 , Rasha was sleeping late .
Her mother opened her bedroom door and peeked in .
“ Rasha , ” she said .
“ You ca n’t go to school .
The subway ’s not working . ”
Half - asleep , Rasha raised her head .
“ Why ? ” she asked .
“ Accident , ” her mother explained , shrugging her shoulders .
“ With a plane . ” Rasha went back to sleep .
Several months later , in February 2002 , in the middle of the night , Rasha was shaken awake by a woman in a uniform who told her to get dressed .
Oh my God , Rasha thought , somebody ’s died , and she felt her heart drop and crack .
She immediately glanced over to her sister .
“ What the hell ’s going on ? ” she asked , but Reem just looked frightened .
Shock and fear paralyzed Rasha , and her knees locked .
“ Ma’am , just get up , ” repeated the female officer .
“ Get up and get dressed . ” Disoriented , Rasha forced herself to slowly rise .
She walked downstairs in her pajamas , a few steps behind her sister .
Photo : Jessica Roberts
In the living room , she saw her entire family sitting awkwardly on the couch , and she sighed with relief .
But then she noticed that her brother Munir ’s legs were shackled .
Shock turned to confusion as she realized that about fifteen law - enforcement officers — INS officials , U.S. Marshals , and FBI agents — had taken over their residence .
The strangers , some with guns , walked through her house as if they owned it .
Out the window she saw that it was the lights from their vehicles that had been shining into the living room .
An FBI agent , the apparent leader of the group , stood in front of the family and told them they were being investigated for possible terrorist connections and that they could be deported , possibly in as little as two or three days .
At this point , Rasha ’s mother became frantic , crying and screaming out questions .
But he just reiterated monotonously that everything would be explained to them at Federal Plaza .
This was no accidental arrest .
The man seemed to know everything about the family , including the fact that Rasha ’s two youngest brothers , both minors , were U.S. citizens .
He told Rasha ’s father to arrange custody for them .
Rasha ’s father suggested his brother , who lives in New York , and asked if he could call him and wait until he arrived .
That would take too long , the agent said , and instructed him instead to leave the boys with the tenants below .
When they were ready to go , the agent turned to the entire family and said , “ We ’re going to handcuff you now . ”
( Later , Rasha learned why her eldest brother had already been shackled .
When an agent went to his downstairs bedroom to wake him , Munir was uncooperative .
“ Why ? ” he kept asking .
“ Come on , get up , ” the agent said .
“ Why ? ” “ Just get up , ” the man repeated , and Munir asked why again .
“ Get up ! ” the agent yelled .
“ Get up and put your hands together , like the way you pray ! ”
Munir swore at him and told him to get the hell away .
“ So they shackled him , ” Rasha told me , “ you know , to tame him . ” )
Outside , the official vehicles had closed off the entire street .
The agents shepherded the family into a van .
The ride to Manhattan ’s Federal Plaza was bumpy and disorienting , affording them no view of the road .
When the van stopped and the back doors eventually swung open , they were all pulled from the vehicle into the building , led to a room , and then searched and fingerprinted before being dumped in a holding cell .
Eventually , each family member was taken to a separate room for questioning .
The interrogators asked Rasha very specific questions :
Where was she on X day ?
When did she go to Y place ?
As she gave her answers , she realized that they knew what she was going to say .
After a few minutes , they even seemed to be feeding her the answers to their questions .
That night , her father led a prayer , and the women covered their hair as best they could .
When the authorities came back in the morning , her father pleaded with them .
Enough of this , he said .
Just deport us .
But the FBI man would n’t hear it .
We are turning you over to the INS , he said .
You have to be investigated , and you will be held in detention in the meantime .
Another agent told them in more private tones that they should have expected to be arrested at a time like this and that they would have a better life over there .
Rasha glared at him .
We ’re cleaning out the country , he seemed to be saying , and you ’re the dirt .
They learned that they ’d all be going to a facility in New Jersey , except for Wassim , who was under 18 and thus bound for a juvenile - detention center in Pennsylvania .
Being split up was a fresh horror .
Through her own waterlogged eyes , Rasha watched her family collapse in tears .
At the jail in Bergen County , Rasha and her mother and sister were strip - searched and photographed before being taken to a filthy and overcrowded holding area .
Everybody seemed nasty or catatonic .
This is just like prison on television , Rasha thought .
A corrections officer opened the door and told them to get inside .
The door locked behind them .
After six hours , they were herded into another holding cell , teeming with even more people , where they would stay for two days .
Rasha ’s mother raged and yelled until she was able to place a call to her brother - in - law about her youngest sons .
Rasha , Reem , and their mother were eventually moved again , to a larger wing of the facility , where they were again strip - searched , then given beige jumpsuits and black - and - white Converse - style shoes and assigned to cells .
The INS official who had told them at Federal Plaza that they would be deported within days was clearly wrong .
When they joined the general population , Rasha realized with dread , they were going to stay for a while .
Rasha and Reem shared a cell : two unhappy beds and a stainless - steel toilet .
They were given thick , itchy blankets that did n’t seem to bend .
It was like sleeping under hairy cardboard .
And they began to live , or at least survive , there .
Rasha had had setbacks in the past , but she had never felt this sad , this powerless , this misunderstood .
She contemplated hurting herself .
She considered suicide .
For a while , she stopped eating .
She would lie on her bed sometimes for two or three days , finally lugging herself out of bed one day when the cell door opened so she could join the others and eat .
Like lab rats , she thought .
Rasha ’s depression slowly gave way to anger .
Why was she here ?
For what ?
Because she had overstayed her visa and was now undocumented ?
She had n’t committed a crime , and she was being punished for someone else ’s acts .
For someone else ’s crime .
She had n’t been convicted .
She had been abducted .
This was n’t justice .
It was revenge .
She began to observe the little things the inmates would do to preserve a sense of autonomy .
One woman would swipe the pint - size milk cartons from her meals and store them in the toilet because they stayed colder that way .
Her mother slowly begin to mingle with the other inmates , and Rasha was becoming closer to her sister .
The two girls held each other ’s sanity like a locket , and Rasha felt the life breathing back into her .
She and Reem began cracking all kinds of jokes about prison life ( jokes that Rasha has since blocked out ) .
They resolved never to wear Converse shoes again .
Over time , they met the rest of the inmates : Pakistani women , Arab women , and other Muslims detained under similar circumstances ; Russians and Israelis , usually there for immigration reasons ; a smaller group of Asians and a much larger population of Latinas and African - American women held mostly on drug - related charges .
Everyone was incarcerated together .
If the holding area reminded Rasha of TV prison , the prison wing was different .
On TV , inmates are constantly in your face , goading you into fights , organizing into gangs , carving out turf .
But the women at Bergen were kind to one another .
Treated by the system like beasts , they cultivated their humanity .
The corrections officers , on the other hand , were ignorant and abusive .
They yelled at you .
They ignored you .
They terrified you .
Here the gods were the beasts .
We ’re cleaning out the country , the FBI agent seemed to be saying , and you ’re the dirt .
Reem soon developed a horrible rash all over her body from those blankets .
One night , when everyone was asleep , Reem could n’t take the itch and pain any longer , and she began knocking on the glass .
Two officers were talking on the other side , and Reem began pleading with them to come out .
The officers could hear her , but she could n’t hear them .
She kept knocking , louder and louder .
“ Come here ! ” she yelled .
She opened her jumpsuit to show her rash to the female officers .
One officer leaned over and pressed a button .
“ I ’m in the middle of a conversation , ” she lectured .
“ You wait till I ’m done . ” But Reem just would n’t stop banging .
She was sobbing .
Seeing her older sister desperate for some kind of medical attention , Rasha began crying , too .
The officer finally came out to see Reem and began yelling at her .
“ What the hell is your problem ? ” she shouted .
After three weeks in New Jersey , they were transferred to the Metropolitan Detention Center in the shadow of the Gowanus Expressway in Brooklyn .
Rasha ’s brother and father went to the same place , but in the male wing .
MDC was much cleaner than the New Jersey jail and arranged more like a dormitory than lab - rat cages .
A simple common kitchen made it easier to commune with others .
Maybe life was getting better .
But just as at Bergen , time at MDC dragged on , and Rasha began to feel that they were never going to get out , that she was n’t going to see her friends again , that she was not going to graduate college , get married , and move on to the next phases of her life .
What saved both her and her sister from madness was a feeling of responsibility for their mother .
The living arrangements allowed the daughters to look out for her .
This usually meant standing up for her to the corrections officers , who often responded to her imperfect English with impatient contempt .
The conflict came to a head one day when Rasha ’s mother asked a corrections counselor to call her son in Pennsylvania .
Rasha did n’t like this counselor .
Some days he would look at you with these large , gentle cat eyes , listen to your problems , and help out in any way he could .
But most of the time , he was just lecturing and disrespectful .
He did n’t know why the inmates were there , and he did n’t care .
Rasha ’s mother had the right to call her son regularly , and she always counted down the days until she could hear his voice again .
But for reasons that were unclear to Rasha , on this day the counselor brusquely denied the request .
Rasha ’s mother walked out of his office in tears .
Her daughters asked why she was crying , and then returned with her to the counselor ’s room .
Eventually he relented .
But Rasha could feel the acid bubbling in her stomach because of this man who made her mother cry for no reason .
They could receive mail at MDC , and after about a month , Rasha got her first letter from Gaby .
She read it over a hundred times , even though she knew it by heart after seventeen readings .
Gaby sent more letters , along with pictures of them from high school .
Rasha still has all the letters .
They gave her “ a feeling that I ’m being remembered .
You can imagine — well , no , you probably can’t imagine — but it was a feeling that somebody knows I ’m here . ”
Then , as abruptly as they were taken , Rasha and her family were released .
One morning in early May , Rasha heard her name called by one of the corrections officers , then her mother ’s , and then her sister ’s .
They were told to collect their belongings .
They were free to go .
Skeptical but hopeful , Rasha gathered her letters .
Once she walked through the metal gate of the women ’s section with her mother and sister and saw her father and brother waiting for them , she thought , Oh my God , it really is true .
We ’re finally out !
The entire family was set free at the same time , including Wassim , who came home from Pennsylvania that day .
An immigration official was present at their release .
He looked over their file and remarked to Rasha ’s father , “ You know , you have grounds for a residency petition here . ”
No one knew how to balance gratitude with resentment .
As soon as they were beyond MDC , Rasha fell to the ground and kissed the pavement .
She looked up .
She had n’t seen sky for almost three months .
It was the same sky , and it looked gloriously familiar .
They entered their own house like strangers .
Everything was just as they had left it , except for the moldy food in the fridge and the dust all over the furniture .
Rasha felt numb and dislocated .
It was hard to believe that the nightmare was over .
She watched Munir disappear downstairs and heard him calling his friends , and then she too began plotting how she would surprise Gaby and Nicky and the rest of her friends .
Surprising them became the only thing to look forward to at that moment .
She did n’t want to think about the past , only the future .
The family had a quiet night .
Rasha ’s mother cooked a simple meal .
Over the meal , Rasha and her siblings exchanged a few stories about their experiences , but her parents were mostly quiet .
The next morning Gaby ran into some of Munir ’s friends on her way to college , and they told her that Rasha ’s family was finally home .
“ You ’re lying , ” she told them .
“ You ’re lying ! ” No , it ’s true , they said .
She blew off her first class and made a beeline for the house , with a pit stop at a corner store for a gift : a potted plant she tucked under her arm .
The sound of the doorbell was bizarre to Rasha .
In her pajamas , she opened the door , and standing there behind a pot full of leaves and flowers was Gaby , already crying hysterically .
As soon as she saw Gaby , Rasha burst into tears .
“ Oh , man ! ” Rasha stomped her foot .
“ The surprise is ruined ! ”
“ I ’m sorry , ” Gaby said , sniffling .
“ I did n’t call first !
I ’m so sorry ! ”
“ Get in here , ” Rasha reprimanded , but the two girls stayed where they were .
They just could n’t stop hugging and crying .
Rasha ’s parents sold the house .
They were behind on the payments , and Rasha ’s mother was convinced that the place was cursed anyway .
Rasha also had to deal with the row of F’s on her transcript , having disappeared from the world for three months .
She calmly explained her situation to her dean , who listened sympathetically but then asked if she could provide some documentation to prove what she ’d just told him .
“ What kind of sick person would tell you that she ’d spent three months in jail to get excused from her grades ? ” she asked .
“ You ’d be surprised , ” he said .
Right after her release , Rasha felt freer than she ever had in her life .
Normal things like riding the subway had never before been so exciting to her .
But everywhere around her was the constant talk of 9/11 .
She bit her tongue repeatedly , wanting to scream at people , “ You do n’t know what you ’re talking about unless you ’ve been in a situation like the one I ’ve been in ! ”
No one in her family spoke openly about what they ’d been through ; Munir in particular seemed deeply injured .
After the euphoria of being released , he retreated into silence .
Neither he nor their father told the women very much about MDC ’s male wing , where later the government ’s own internal auditor would expose violent abuses against some of the post–September 11 detainees .
Rasha put her energies into her future .
She started thinking about all the lawyers and activists who had helped them .
Her growing interest in international relations and human rights eventually led to an internship with a U.N. - affiliated organization concerned with Middle East peace .
She was also nominated by her university to be a delegate scholar at an international conference on diplomacy — a huge honor that she had to turn down .
Rasha was still undocumented , so she could not leave the country .
Rasha was one of the lucky ones .
The family had an attorney , friends and relatives , and a growing chorus of advocates demanding their release .
That was n’t the case with most of the post–September 11 detainees .
Hundreds were arbitrarily arrested in the first months after the attacks .
One man , a Palestinian legal permanent resident , was stopped for driving four miles over the speed limit in North Carolina and spent four months in jail .
Around the same time that Rasha was freed , in May 2002 , Amnesty International released a report that charged the U.S. government with violating “ certain basic rights guaranteed under international law .
These include the right to humane treatment , as well as rights which are essential to protection from arbitrary detention . ”
The next year , the Office of the Inspector General of the Justice Department released a report confirming many of Amnesty International ’s charges , as well as other allegations of abuse at MDC .
Rasha would n’t tell me if any physical abuse had befallen her eldest brother or father , just that they were mostly silent about their experiences after the family was reunited .
But by the time they were detained , most of the first wave of people who were arrested had already been deported .
We may never know how many were arrested .
On November 5 , 2001 , the Justice Department announced 1,182 had been arrested , then stopped providing a tally .
The average length of detention for post–September 11 detainees was 80 days , about the length of time Rasha spent in Bergen and MDC .
The first weekend after getting out , Rasha went with her girlfriends to Times Square to celebrate her release .
They went for dinner at Chili’s .
Gaby was there , and Nicky too , and a couple of Rasha ’s other close friends .
They sat a big table , and Rasha savored the luxury of ordering food from a menu .
Halfway through dinner , Rasha got up to go to the bathroom .
Coming back to her table , she froze in shock .
It was him .
All the restaurants in New York City , and he ’s at this one .
There , at another big table , was the counselor from MDC , the very same man who constantly talked down to her and her sister .
The man who ’d made her mother cry .
Rasha stood there and waited .
She knew what she had to do , but he was with his family and she did n’t want his children around .
A couple of minutes later , she tapped his back with her finger .
“ Hi , ” she said .
Her voice was ball - bearing steady .
He turned around .
“ Hi , ” he replied .
But there was n’t a hint in his voice that he knew who Rasha was .
“ You do n’t recognize me ? ”
All the scenes when he ’d yelled at her , when he ’d made her cry , when he ’d made her mother cry , flashed in her mind .
His expression did n’t change .
“ Remember ? ” she said , her voice rising .
“ MDC ?
You do n’t remember me ? ”
And suddenly she realized , Of course he does n’t remember me .
I ’m not in a beige jumpsuit .
But then he responded .
“ Ah , wow , ” he said .
“ See ?
You cleaned up your act . ”
Rasha stared into his eyes , then scolded him for his callousness and how he “ needed to learn a thing or two about respecting others . ”
She could feel her chest rising the whole time .
She ended by telling him , “ You are a fucking asshole , and you will always be a fucking asshole . ”
And then twirled deliberately and walked back to her table with a stiff spine and an anxious but triumphant smile growing on her face .
She ran the last steps and was out of breath when she got to her friends .
She told them what had happened .
She could n’t wait to tell her parents .
It did n’t change anything , but that did n’t matter .
Confronting your jailer .
On this side of freedom .
Such a satisfying moment .
From How Does It Feel to Be a Problem ?
Being Young and Arab in America , by Moustafa Bayoumi ( forthcoming from Penguin Press ) .
Biden Obama Vote Date Bill Result
No Yes 269 November 16 , 2006 S. 3709 Boxer Amdt. No. 5187 ; To make the waiver authority of the President contingent upon a certification that India has agreed to suspend military - to - military cooperation with Iran , including training exercises , until such time as Iran is no longer designated as a state sponsor of terrorism .
Rejected , 38 - 59
No Yes 268 November 16 , 2006 S. 3709 Feingold Amdt. No. 5183 ; To require as a precondition to United States - India peaceful atomic energy cooperation determinations by the President that United States nuclear cooperation with India does nothing to assist , encourage , or induce India to manufacture or acquire nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices .
Rejected , 25 - 71
No Yes 266 November 16 , 2006 S. 3709 Dorgan Amdt. No. 5178 As Modified ;
To declare that it is the policy of the United States to continue to support implementation of United Nations Security Council Resolution 1172 ( 1998 ) .
Rejected , 27 -71
No Yes 265 November 16 , 2006 S. 3709 Bingaman Amdt. No. 5174 ; To limit the waiver authority of the President .
Rejected , 26 - 73
Yes No 260 September 28 , 2006 H.R. 6061 Motion to Invoke Cloture on H.R. 6061 ; Secure Fence Act of 2006 Agreed to , 71-28
No Yes 250 September 19 , 2006 H.R. 5684 H.R. 5684 ; United States - Oman Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act Passed , 62 - 32
No Yes 232 September 6 , 2006 H.R. 5631 Feinstein Amdt. No. 4882 ; To protect civilian lives from unexploded cluster munitions .
Rejected , 30 - 70
Yes No 223 August 3 , 2006 H.R. 5631 Motion to Table Coburn Amdt. No. 4787 ; To limit the funds available to the Department of Defense for expenses relating to conferences .
Rejected , 36 -60
Yes No 207 July 18 , 2006 S. 728 Specter Amdt. No. 4680 ; To modify a provision relating to Federal hopper dredges .
Agreed to , 63 - 36
No Yes 198 July 13 , 2006 H.R. 5441 Menendez Amdt. No. 4634 ; To provide that appropriations under this Act may not be used for the purpose of providing certain grants , unless all such grants meet certain conditions for allocation .
Rejected , 36 - 64
No Yes 193 July 11 , 2006 H.R. 5441 Clinton Amdt No. 4563 ;
To establish the Federal Emergency Management Agency as an independent agency , and for other purposes .
Rejected , 32 -66
No Yes 190 June 29 , 2006 S. 3569 S.3569 ; United States - Oman Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act Passed , 60 - 34
No Yes 161 May 26 , 2006 Motion to Invoke Cloture on the Nomination of Dirk Kempthorne to be Secretary of the Interior Agreed to , 85-8
Yes No 160 May 26 , 2006 Confirmation General Michael V. Hayden , U.S. Air Force , to be Director of the Central Intelligence Agency Confirmed , 78-15
Yes No 152 May 25 , 2006 S. 2611 Bingaman Amdt. No. 4131 ; To limit the total number of aliens , including spouses and children , granted employment - based legal permanent resident status to 650,000 during any fiscal year .
Agreed to , 51 - 47
Yes No 139 May 23 , 2006 S. 2611 Motion to Table Leahy Amdt. No. 4117 ; To amend section 212 of the Immigration and Nationality Act regarding restrictions on the admission of aliens .
Agreed to , 79-19
Yes No 134 May 18 , 2006 S. 2611 Cornyn Amdt. No. 4038 ; To require aliens seeking adjustment of status under section 245B of the Immigration and Nationality Act or Deferred Mandatory Departure status under section 245C of such
Act to pay a supplemental application fee , which shall be used to provide financial assistance to States for health and educational services for noncitizens .
Agreed to , 64 - 32
Yes No 126 May 17 , 2006 S. 2611 Sessions Amdt. No. 3979 ; To increase the amount of fencing and improve vehicle barriers installed along the southwest border of the United States .
Agreed to , 83-16
Yes No 123 May 16 , 2006 S. 2611 Motion to Table Dorgan Amdt. No. 4017 ; To prohibit aliens who are currently outside the United States from participating in the H - 2C guestworker visa program .
Agreed to , 69 - 28
Yes No 82 March 29 , 2006 S. 2349 As Amended ; 527 Reform Act of 2006 Passed , 90 - 8
Yes No 79 March 28 , 2006 S. 2349 Upon Reconsideration , Motion to Invoke Cloture on S.2349 ; 527 Reform Act of 2006 Agreed to , 81-16
Yes No 48 March 15 , 2006 S.Con.
Res. 83 Grassley Amdt. No. 3073 ; To establish a reserve fund to allow for deficit - neutral legislation that would provide for an extension of the Medicare part D enrollment period .
Agreed to , 76 - 22
Yes No 24 March 1 , 2006 S. 2271 First Amdt. No. 2895 As Amended ;
To establish the enactment date of the Act .
Agreed to , 81-18
Yes No 23 February 28 , 2006 S. 2271 Motion to Invoke Cloture on S. 2271 ; USA PATRIOT Act Additional Reauthorizing Amendments Act of 2006 Agreed to , 69-30
No Yes 19 February 14 , 2006 H.R. 4297 Hutchison Motion to Instruct Conferees on H.R. 4297 Re : States Sales Taxes ; Tax Increase Prevention and Reconciliation Act of 2005 Agreed to , 75-25
No Yes 341 November 17 , 2005 S. 2020 Motion to Waive CBA Re : Schumer Amdt.
No. 2635 ; To amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to impose a temporary windfall profit tax on crude oil and to use the proceeds of the tax collected to provide a nonrefundable tax credit of $ 100 for every personal exemption claimed for taxable years beginning in 2005 .
Rejected , 33 -65
No Yes 338 November 17 , 2005 S. 2020 Motion to Waive CBA Kennedy Amdt. No. 2588 ; To eliminate child poverty .
Rejected , 36 - 62
No Yes 335 November 17 , 2005 S. 2020 Motion to Waive CBA Lott Amdt.
No. 2633 ; To clarify treatment of outside income and expenses in the Senate .
Rejected , 51 - 47
No Yes 325 November 15 , 2005 S. 1042 Graham Amdt. No. 2524 ; In the nature of a substitute .
Agreed to , 84-14
No Yes 308 November 8 , 2005 S. 1042 Snowe Amdt. No. 2436 As Modified ;
To require the Secretary of Defense , subject to a national security exception , to offer to transfer to local redevelopment authorities for no consideration real property and personal property located at military installations that are closed or realigned as part of the 2005 round of defense base closure and realignment , and to clarify that the requirement does not affect certain property interests .
Rejected , 36 -62
Yes No 293 November 3 , 2005 S. 1932 McCain Amdt. No. 2370 ; To move forward the date on which the transition to digital television is to occur .
Rejected , 30 - 69
No Yes 290 November 3 , 2005 S. 1932 Motion To Waive CBA Re : Grassley Amdt. No. 2359 ; To clarify certain payment limitations applicable to certain payments under title I of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 and section 1101 of the Agricultural Reconciliation
Act of 2005 and to partially restore funding to programs reduced by section 1101 , 1201 , and 1202 of the Agricultural Reconciliation Act of 2005 .
Rejected , 46 - 53
Yes No 253 October 6 , 2005 H.R. 2863 Motion to Table Coburn Amdt. No. 2005 ; To curtail waste under the Department of Defense web - based travel system .
Agreed to , 65 - 32
Yes No 232 September 15 , 2005 H.R. 2862 Dorgan Amdt. No. 1665 ; To prohibit weakening any law that provides safeguards from unfair foreign trade practices .
Rejected , 39 -60
No Yes 213 July 29 , 2005 H.R. 6 Conference Report H. R. 6 ; Energy Policy Act of 2005 Agreed to , 74-26
No Yes 212 July 29 , 2005 H.R. 6 Motion To Waive CBA Re : Conference Report To Accompany H. R. 6 ; Energy Policy Act of 2005 Agreed to , 71-29
No Yes 194 July 19 , 2005 H.R. 3057 Dorgan Amdt. No. 1294 ; To provide that no funds may be made available to provide television broadcasting to Cuba , to increase by $ 21,100,000 the amount appropriated to the Peace Corps , and to reduce by the same amount the amount appropriated under title I to the Broadcasting Board of Governors for broadcasting to Cuba .
Rejected , 33 - 66
No Yes 192 July 19 , 2005 H.R. 3057 Coburn Amdt .
No 1242 ; To prohibit any funds from being used by the Export - Import Bank of the United States to approve a loan or a loan guarantee related to a nuclear project in China .
Rejected , 37 - 62
Yes No 190 July 18 , 2005 Confirmation Lester M. Crawford , of Maryland , to be Commissioner of Food and Drugs Confirmed , 78-16
No Yes 176 July 12 , 2005 H.R. 2360 Feinstein Amdt. No. 1215 , As Modified ;
To improve the allocation of grants through the Department of Homeland Security , and for other purposes .
Rejected , 32-65
Yes No 175 July 12 , 2005 H.R. 2360 Collins Amdt. No. 1142 ; To provide for homeland security grant coordination and simplification , and for other purposes .
Agreed to , 71-26
Yes No 160 June 28 , 2005 H.R. 2361 Coburn Amdt. No. 1003 ; To require conference report inclusion of limitations , directives , and earmarks .
Rejected , 33 - 59
No Yes 157 June 23 , 2005 H.R. 6 Durbin Amdt. No. 902 ; To amend title 49 , United States Code , to improve the system for enhancing automobile fuel efficiency , and for other purposes .
Rejected , 28 -67
No Yes 127 May 24 , 2005 Motion To Invoke Cloture on the Nomination of Priscilla Richman Owen , of Texas , to be U.S. Circuit Judge Agreed to , 81-18
Yes No 120 May 11 , 2005 H.R. 3 Lautenberg Amdt. No. 625 ; To provide funding for motorcycle safety programs in States without universal helmet laws .
Rejected , 28-69
Yes No 104 April 20 , 2005 H.R. 1268 Motion to Table Coburn Amdt. No. 471 ; To reduce appropriations for the Iraqi embassy to reduce outlays expected to occur in fiscal year 2007 or later .
Agreed to , 54 - 45
Yes No 93 April 13 , 2005 H.R. 1268 Byrd Amdt. No. 367 ; To reduce by $ 36,000,000 the amount appropriated for " Military Construction , Army " , with the amount of the reduction to be allocated to funds available under that heading for the Camp 6 Detention Facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
Rejected , 27 -71
Yes No 85 April 6 , 2005 S. 600 Motion To Table Dorgan Amdt. No. 284 ; To prohibit funds from being used for television broadcasting to Cuba .
Agreed to , 65 - 35
Yes No 44 March 10 , 2005 S. 256 S. 256 As Amended ; Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act of 2005 Passed , 74- 25
Yes No 42 March 10 , 2005 S. 256 Talent Amdt. No. 121 ; To deter corporate fraud and prevent the abuse of State self - settled trust law .
Agreed to , 73-26
No Yes 38 March 10 , 2005 S. 256 Akaka Amdt. No. 105 ; To limit claims in bankruptcy by certain unsecured creditors .
Rejected , 38-61
No Yes 36 March 10 , 2005 S. 256 Kennedy Amdt. No. 70 ; To exempt debtors whose financial problems were caused by failure to receive alimony or child support , or both , from means testing .
Rejected , 41 -58
No Yes 34 March 9 , 2005 S. 256 Dodd Amdt. No. 67 ; To modify the bill to protect families , and for other purposes .
Rejected , 42 - 58
No Yes 30 March 8 , 2005 S. 256 Feingold Amdt No. 89 ; To strike certain small business related bankruptcy provisions in the bill .
Rejected , 41 - 59
Yes No 29 March 8 , 2005 S. 256 Motion To Invoke Cloture On Bill S. 256 ; Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act of 2005 Agreed to , 69 - 31
No Yes 24 March 3 , 2005 S. 256 Rockefeller Amdt. No. 24 ; To amend the wage priority provision and to amend the payment of insurance benefits to retirees .
Rejected , 40 - 54
No Yes 22 March 3 , 2005 S. 256 Durbin Amdt. No. 38 ; To discourage predatory lending practices .
Rejected , 40 - 58
No Yes 21 March 3 , 2005 S. 256 Nelson ( FL ) Amdt.
No. 37 ; To exempt debtors from means testing if their financial problems were caused by identity theft .
Rejected , 37-61
No Yes 16 March 2 , 2005 S. 256 Kennedy Amdt. No. 28 . ; To exempt debtors whose financial problems were caused by serious medical problems from means testing .
Rejected , 39 - 58
No Yes 15 March 2 , 2005 S. 256 Akaka Amdt. No. 15 ; To require enhanced disclosure to consumers regarding the consequences of making only minimum required payments in the repayment of credit card debt , and for other purposes .
Rejected , 40 - 59
No Yes 14 March 2 , 2005 S. 256 Feingold Amdt. No. 17 . ; To provide a homestead floor for the elderly .
Rejected , 40 - 59
No Yes 13 March 1 , 2005 S. 256 Durbin Amdt. No. 16 , As Modified . ;
To protect servicemembers and veterans from means testing in bankruptcy , to disallow certain claims by lenders charging usurious interest rates to servicemembers , and to allow servicemembers to exempt property based on the law of the State of their premilitary residence .
Rejected , 38-58
Yes No 12 March 1 , 2005 S. 256 Sessions Amdt. No. 23 ; To clarify the safe harbor with respect to debtors who have serious medical conditions or who have been called or ordered to active duty in the Armed Forces and low income veterans .
Agreed to , 63 - 32
The UN today said it would resume food aid flights to Burma after earlier suspending them , while the Burmese government said it would allow one US cargo plane to land .
The development came six days after cyclone Nargis devastated the country .
UN officials said food aid flights to Burma would restart tomorrow after they were suspended when the organisation learned that the military government had impounded supplies sent on two planes earlier in the week .
Nancy Roman , the UN World Food Programme's ( WFP ) chief spokeswoman , said negotiations were continuing to release the shipments of high energy biscuits .
The total food aid was enough to feed 95,000 people .
Burma 's military government denied the goods had been seized , describing the UN 's complaint as " baseless " .
A spokesman said the junta had taken control of the aid to distribute it " without delay by its own labour to the affected areas " .
The UN now plans to send a further two planeloads of relief supplies tomorrow .
Three Red Cross supply planes have landed in Rangoon without reported difficulties .
Speaking to reporters in Washington , a US official said Burma 's ruling military junta had given the go - ahead for an aid plane to enter .
Earlier today , Ky Luu , the director of the US office of foreign disaster assistance , said the Burmese government was frustrating US efforts to help , with skilled aid workers forced to sit on the sidelines .
Earlier today , Burmese foreign ministry officials said the country would accept supplies from overseas but would control distribution itself and would not allow foreign workers in .
Ban Ki-moon , the UN secretary general , said he had " regrettably " not yet had direct talks with the Burmese government .
He warned that an even greater catastrophe could develop if the country 's leaders continued to refuse entry to aid workers .
France said it would send a naval ship packed with 1,500 tonnes of aid if it gained approval from authorities .
The foreign minister , Bernard Kouchner , said the aid would be ready for departure over the weekend .
Frustration has been mounting over Burma 's response to one of the worst disasters in its history .
A UN spokesman called the restrictions on foreign workers " unprecedented " in the history of humanitarian work .
The Thai prime minister , Samak Sundaravej , cancelled a trip to meet members of the junta as delays in giving visas to aid workers and landing rights for relief flights continued .
Sundaravej had offered to undertake his own humanitarian mission to break the impasse .
He has been in contact with the Burmese prime minister , Thein Sein , to ask that UN staff be allowed to distribute relief supplies .
The numbers of dead and missing in Burma were likely to " escalate very dramatically " , the British ambassador to Burma , Mark Canning , said .
" The figures we are now getting from authoritative sources for the number of dead and missing is between 63,000 and 100,000 .
" Those numbers could escalate very dramatically , because we also know that between 1.2 and 1.9 million people are vulnerable . "
He said securing access for international disaster experts was a top priority .
Bodies are floating in the floodwater , and aid agencies warned that outbreaks of disease could result in the death toll increasing further .
With roads blocked , hundreds of thousands of survivors are beyond the reach of clean water , food and shelter .
Despite the problems with access , aid agencies that already had teams operating in Burma before the cyclone struck are delivering some relief .
Action Aid , CARE International , Christian Aid , Merlin and Save the Children said they were handing out food , water , medicine , blankets and other basic supplies to thousands of victims .
The Disasters Emergency Committee , which co-ordinates appeals for 13 major aid agencies , said it had raised more than £ 2 m from the British public .
The outlines of plans to determine the fate of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. emerged today even as it became increasingly clear that a clean sale of the entire firm to a big bank would be too difficult to execute .
A sense of optimism that a rescue could be arranged today dimmed as a growing sense of gloom descended on Wall Street .
Executives from top banks in the U.S. and Europe huddled with federal regulators in an attempt to come up with plans to either buy pieces of Lehman or prepare for an orderly winding down of the firm ...
Georgians have been burying soldiers killed in the conflict Criticism by the G7 group of nations of Russia 's actions in Georgia is biased and groundless , Russian officials say .
The G7 was trying to justify Georgian aggression towards the breakaway regions of Abkhazia and South Ossetia , Russia 's Foreign Ministry said .
Moscow 's decision to recognise the two regions as independent was labelled a breach of international law by the G7 .
Meanwhile , a rights group has said UN satellite images prove ethnic Georgian villages in South Ossetia were torched .
Human Rights
Watch says the pictures of five villages near the South Ossetian capital , Tskhinvali , are " compelling evidence of war crimes and grave human rights abuses " .
The organisation called on the Russian government to prosecute those responsible .
Putin ' not rational ' Russia 's Foreign Ministry accused the G7 of making " baseless assertions about Russia undermining Georgia 's territorial integrity " .
" This step is biased and is aimed at justifying the aggressive actions of Georgia , " the ministry said .
Although Russia is not part of the G7 , it has close ties with the bloc and is a member of its sister grouping , the G8 .
The statement comes as officials in the Moscow - backed governments of both provinces hinted at closer ties with Russia .
South Ossetia 's parliamentary speaker Znaur Gassiyev said Russia would absorb the region within " several years " , according to a report by the Associated Press .
SOUTH OSSETIA & ABKHAZIA South Ossetia Population : About 70,000 ( before recent conflict ) Capital : Tskhinvali President : Eduard Kokoity Abkhazia Population : About 250,000 ( 2003 ) Capital : Sukhumi President : Sergei Bagapsh
Q&A : Conflict in Georgia Voices from the Caucasus conflict Russia 's propaganda warfare
He said the move had been agreed at high - level talks in Moscow earlier this week .
The Russian Interfax news agency reported that Moscow will sign an agreement next week allowing it to set up military bases in the region .
And Interfax also quoted Abkhazia 's foreign minister , Sergei Shamba , as saying his province " may become part of the Union State of Russia and Belarus " .
The Kremlin has not yet commented on the reports , though the Foreign Ministry is due to hold a press conference later .
The claims come a day after Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin stoked up the war of words with the US .
He told CNN there was a " suspicion " that the Georgian conflict was created by someone in the US in the hope of benefitting one of the candidates in the presidential elections .
The White House dismissed Mr Putin 's assertions as " not rational " .
Russia 's worsening relations with the West had led to suggestions that the EU would impose sanctions against Moscow at a leaders ' summit next Monday .
But officials in France - which currently holds the EU presidency - said such measures would not be adopted at this stage .
The conflict in the region began on 7 August when Georgia tried to retake South Ossetia by force after a series of lower - level clashes .
Russia launched a counter - attack and the Georgian troops were ejected from both South Ossetia and Abkhazia .
An EU - brokered ceasefire brought a formal end to the conflict , although each side has accused the other of breaking the agreement .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
A benefit of open source software is the ability to take the code base of an application and develop it in a new direction .
This is , as most of you probably know , called forking , and is very common in the open source community .
For example , many Linux distributions can be traced back to either Debian , Fedora or Slackware .
Much of the open source software that is in popular use today was born from other projects .
We thought it would be interesting to take a look at the history of some of these software forks and find out WHY they happened in the first place .
We looked at the WHY because software forking is often seen as somewhat of a waste of development resources and is n’t considered a good thing .
Sometimes the results can be great , though , as many of the examples below clearly show .
Ubuntu from Debian
What : Ubuntu is the world ’s most popular Linux distribution .
When : October 20 , 2004
Why : Ubuntu was initially a temporary fork of the Debian project done so that a new version of Ubuntu could be released once every six months and therefore provide a more up - to - date system .
Firefox from Mozilla Application Suite
What : Firefox is the web browser with the second - largest user base in the world .
When : Binaries for public testing appeared in September 2002 under the name Phoenix .
Version 1.0 of Mozilla Firefox was released on November 9 , 2004 .
Why : The Firefox project was initially an experimental branch of the Mozilla project , intended as an alternative to the increasingly bloated Mozilla Suite .
Joomla from Mambo
What : Joomla is an open source content management system ( CMS ) for websites .
When : August 17 , 2005
Why : Due to concerns regarding the future governance of the Mambo project , where several core developers felt that Miro had too much control , Joomla was forked and is now a successful CMS in its own right .
OpenBSD from NetBSD
What : OpenBSD is a Unix - like operating system and is one of the more popular BSD variants .
When : October , 1995 .
The first release ( OpenBSD 1.2 ) came in July 1996 .
Why : Theo de Raadt , co-founder of NetBSD , was asked to resign his position as a developer and member of the core NetBSD team in December of 1994 , most likely as a result of personality clashes within the NetBSD team .
Less than a year later he founded OpenBSD , forked from NetBSD 1.0 .
X. Org from XFree86
What : X. Org Server is a popular implementation of the X Window System ( a standard toolkit to build GUIs ) and is in common use on Linux and other Unix varieties .
When :
The first release from the X. Org Foundation was on April 6 , 2005 .
Why : Disagreements with the new license for XFree86 4.4 and several other disagreements among the contributors to XFree86 ultimately resulted in a fork .
Drizzle from MySQL
What : Drizzle is an open source database management system .
It has n’t properly launched yet , though .
When : April / May 2008
Why : Started by Brian Aker , Drizzle was forked from the MySQL 6.0 codebase and is intended as a smaller , slimmer and faster version of MySQL .
Contributors include staff from Google , Sun , Canonical and Six Apart .
NeoOffice from OpenOffice.org
What : NeoOffice is an office suite for Mac OS X .
When : June 22 , 2003
Why : The NeoOffice fork was initially a project intended to investigate ways of creating a native Mac OS X port of OpenOffice.org .
XEmacs from GNU Emacs
What : XEmacs is a graphical and console - based text editor .
When : Late 1980s ( at that time it was called Lucid Emacs )
Why :
In the period between 1987 and 1993 there was a delay in bringing out a new version of GNU Emacs .
In the late 1980s Lucid Inc. needed to update Emacs for a project , so they branched the Emacs code with the intention that these changes would then be incorporated back into the next version of GNU Emacs .
However , the Free Software Foundation ultimately rejected most of these changes and XEmacs continued on as a separate fork .
Carrier from Pidgin
What : Carrier is an open source instant messaging application .
When :
The first version was released on March 12 , 2008 .
Why :
We included this mainly because of the reason of why it was forked .
A fork ( initially called Funpidgin ) was done of Pidgin 2.4.0 because there were disagreements about the size of the text entry field .
The new fork is intended to be more focused on users ’ needs .
You can read the argument that sparked this in this Pidgin support ticket .
Webkit from KHTML
What : Webkit is an open source application framework for building web browsers .
When : Webkit was announced by Apple in January 2003 in connection with the launch of Safari .
Why : Apple created a fork of the KDE project ’s HTML layout engine KHTML and its Javascript engine KJS to use them for developing the Safari web browser .
( These has since been discussions among KDE developers about switching from KHTML to Webkit , “ unforking ” the software . )
Finishing remarks
Judging from these ten software forks , common causes of forks are disagreements ( sometimes purely ideological ) and personality clashes , though more practical reasons are also common ( such as the Webkit and Firefox examples ) .
It is also interesting to see that many times the forks have surpassed the original software in popularity .
It would be great to hear from some of the people who are or have been involved in the development of these open source projects .
Care to share some anecdotes ? 🙂
Anyone who ’s done a bad Elvis impression knows that contorting your mouth makes talking feel wrong – never mind how ridiculous you sound .
People who have lost their hearing use the same sense to retain their speech , new research suggests .
When five deaf volunteers were asked to talk while a robot nudged their jaws slightly , they quickly learned to compensate for the perturbation .
“ One of the real mysteries of human language is that people who become deaf as adults remain capable of producing intelligible speech for years in the complete absence of any auditory input , ” says David Ostry , a neuroscientist at McGill University in Montreal , Canada , who led the new study along with colleague Sazzad Nasir .
Most neuroscientists who study speech focus on how the brain learns from sounds to correct for errors .
Yet just as a tennis player learns whether a forehand shot will land in or out just from the feel , people sense whether or not they are speaking correctly , Ostry says .
Advertisement
Robotic hindrance
To separate this ability from learning by hearing , he and Nasir enlisted the help of five deaf people with cochlear implants that allowed them to hear .
With their implants switched off , the volunteers were asked to repeat short words such as “ sass ” and “ sane ” that flashed onto a computer screen .
At the same time , a robot arm pushed gently on their jaw , moving it a few millimetres .
The robot could also measure how much a subject pushed back .
The nudge was too gentle to affect speech , Ostry says .
“ Subjects will leave the lab and often there ’s no conscious awareness that the robot was doing anything . ”
After hundreds of words , the subjects corrected for the prodding by moving their jaws several millimetres to oppose the robot ’s nudge .
Surprisingly , volunteers made the same adjustment when their cochlear implants were turned back on .
When six hearing volunteers were subjected to the same robotic treatment , four of them learned to similarly correct their mouth muscle movements .
The right moves
“ When you talk you want to get movement right perhaps as much as you want the speech to sound properly , ” Ostry says .
“ It ’s not only making it sound right , it ’s making it feel right . ”
Deaf people may rely entirely on sensing their muscle movements to speak correctly , but the extent to which people “ listen ” to their bodies probably depends on the situation , says Jeffery Jones , a cognitive neuroscientist at Wilfrid Laurier University in Waterloo , Canada .
“ If I ’m in a very noisy environment such as a dance bar , I ’m not going to hear myself very well , so I ’m going to rely on another form of feedback , ” he says .
Harnessing this sixth sense for speech might help people with stutters and other speech problems , Ostry says .
“ It ’s worth investing in therapies for speech that focus on movements and possibly focus on movement independent of speech sounds . ”
Journal reference : Nature Neuroscience ( DOI : 10.1038/nn.2193 )
Suit alleges false claim by DHS has cost athlete Courts : Actions ‘ outrageous '
Attorney claims dispute over paternity ignored rights .
TULSA — A Tulsa athlete who surrendered a college football scholarship and from whom wages were seized based on a bogus paternity claim has filed a federal civil rights lawsuit against state DHS Director Howard Hendrick and members of the welfare agency 's governing board .
Actions by the Oklahoma Department of Human Services " were so extreme and outrageous as to go beyond all possible bounds of decency and would be considered atrocious and utterly intolerable in a civilized society , ” ex-Tulsa Victory Christian School running back Micheal Thomas said in a lawsuit filed Friday in Tulsa federal court .
What 's been reported ?
The Oklahoman reported in an Aug. 10 copyrighted article that DHS officials got Thomas declared the father of a baby girl born to a Lawton drug user even though Thomas told agency officials he had never met the woman and the woman told The Oklahoman she had never met him .
DHS officials badgered Thomas , 21 , until he dropped out of Tabor College in Hillsboro , Kan. , forfeiting a football scholarship , he said .
Thomas took DNA tests that proved he was n't the father , DHS records show .
However , DHS continued to take money from his paychecks and refused to tell him the test results until pressed by Tulsa attorney William " Billy ” Wiland III , who agreed to take his case without pay , Thomas said .
In the lawsuit , Thomas ' attorney alleges the policies and practices of DHS officials constitute a pattern that " shocks the conscience , is outside the exercise of any professional judgment and amounts to deliberate indifference to the constitutionally protected rights and liberty ” of Thomas .
DHS spokesman George Johnson said the agency hoped the case could " be resolved short of litigation . ”
The sort of doubt necessary for deconversion comes from within the individual .
Informing people of alternatives to Christianity may be helpful for those already questioning the role of religion in their lives .
Defending science and rationalism , especially in the educational domain , is important .
's informative analysis ( update : blog no longer active ) of deconversion stories is a must - read for any atheist wanting to know what we can do to help Christians overcome faith and embrace reality .
The results suggest that there are many things we can do .
At the same time , Bennett 's post raises many more important questions than it answers .
Perhaps a change of strategy is in order .
Bennett makes some important points that should prompt discussion among atheists : Bennett 's analysis certainly got me thinking .
Does the sort of doubt we are talking about really come from within the individual believer , or is it merely perceived that way ?
Perhaps our attacks on religion are gradually internalized , fueling this doubt in such a way that our criticism is not perceived as causal .
If this is the case , we should do even more of what we 've been doing .
On the other hand , I suppose it is possible that our criticism of religion is not only ineffective but makes things worse .
Perhaps these efforts strengthen religious faith , shielding believers from doubt .
Obviously , this would suggest that a major shift in tactics would be needed .
Bennett 's post renews my conviction that anyone serious about limiting the influence of Christian extremists and improving the status of atheists in American society must be a defender of science , reason , and secular education .
I have been beating this drum for some time now , but I will reluctantly admit that I have not made this enough of a focus at Atheist Revolution .
If we are to have a viable atheist movement , I have no question that a core part of our platform must be about promoting a reality - based worldview in which science , reason , and education are valued .
We atheists are often criticized for focusing too much on what we disbelieve rather than what we believe .
Defending science , reason , and education from fundamentalist attacks must be part of what we do believe .
Lastly , I encourage each and every one of us to view our role in society as being one of sowing the seeds of doubt .
It often seems that our efforts are not producing results , but that may well be because the seeds we have planted take time to sprout .
It is not about converting believers , winning arguments , or changing minds .
Rather , it is about planting what will likely be one of many seeds of doubt .
H/T to The Atheist Blogger
Naomi Klein : Financial crisis part of Bush ' shock doctrine ' David Edwards and Andrew McLemore
Published : Sunday September 21 , 2008
Print This Email This
The bailout of Wall Streets largest players by the federal government is another example of the Bush administration pursuing a corporate agenda at the expense of average Americans , a prominent author argued on Friday .
In a Friday night interview on HBO 's Real Time with Bill Maher , Naomi Klein said President Bushs $ 700 billion proposal to rescue the financial sector stems from a profiteering streak that has dominated the last eight years .
" The disaster is far from over , " Klein said .
" The disaster was on Wall Street and they have moved the disaster to Main Street . "
Referring to the bailout , Klein said the " bomb has yet to detonate " and that the real crisis will strike when tax payers are overwhelmed when faced with the debt from the bailouts .
According to Klein , the bomb will detonate if Sen. John McCain becomes president and " rationalizes " that it is necessary to privatize government programs like social security and healthcare because neither the government nor Americans can afford them .
" The real disaster has yet to come ; the real disaster is the debt that is going to explode on American tax payers , " Klein said .
Kleins book , " The Shock Doctrine : The Rise of Disaster Capitalism , " outlines how crises , real or perceived , have been used by governments , especially the United States under George W. Bush , to strong - arm a disoriented citizenry into accepting changes to its rights , and its government , that it would n't otherwise accept .
But Andrew Sullivan of TheAtlantic.com disagreed with Klein that a few " demonized " companies were at fault when the real culprit behind the mortgage crisis has been the willingness of Americans to
" [ The American people ] have spent and borrowed more than they could actually support , " Sullivan said . "
To some extent , the American people are responsible for the crisis they are currently in . "
Klein quickly shot back her own rebuttal .
" The reason why this bubble was allowed to inflate is not because the American people demanded it , it was because it was spectacularly profitable for Wall Street , " Klein said .
This video is from HBO 's Real Time with Bill Maher , broadcast September 19 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
There were isolated protests in Burma and bigger ones elsewhere
At least 20 people have been arrested in the Burmese town of Taunggok after staging a silent protest on the 20th anniversary of a major uprising .
They were detained after marching while wearing T - shirts which referred to the date of the uprising - " 8/8/88 " .
Activists outside Burma are marking the anniversary with demonstrations .
The 1988 protests drew hundreds of thousands of people onto the streets , but ended with a violent clampdown and the deaths of at least 3,000 civilians .
The date 8 August 1988 was significant for the numerologically minded Burmese , and marked the start of six weeks of rallies against military rule .
The anniversary prompted tightened security in the main city , Rangoon , with police and pro-government militias stationed at strategic points , including Buddhist monasteries .
Secret ceremonies
The BBC is banned from Burma - also known as Myanmar - but reports from opposition sources inside the country say at least 20 people were arrested in Taunggok , and that the number could be as high as 50 .
Those arrested are now being questioned , an opposition official told the Reuters news agency .
Was the 1988 uprising worth it ?
It was the single largest reported incident on a day in which several other isolated protests were reported .
Three activists staging separate protests are said to have been detained in the vicinity of Rangoon .
In the city itself , opposition sources said they were concerned for the welfare of a young woman seen walking in the streets wearing a T - shirt bearing an image of detained opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi .
There have been few such open signs of the significance of the date in Burma , with reports suggesting monks and laypeople met in private for secret ceremonies to remember those who died .
Nyan Win , a spokesman for Ms Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy ( NLD ) , told AFP news agency that the anniversary marked " an important historical turning point " .
Until the 8/8/88 protests ,
Ms Suu Kyi was only known as the daughter of liberation hero Aung San , but her speech to the assembled protesters during the rallies propelled her to the centre of the pro-democracy movement .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Anti-China protests
Elsewhere in Asia , human rights groups and activists who fled in the aftermath of the 1988 protests held demonstrations outside Burmese and Chinese embassies .
" We are here because China is the main supporter of the military regime , " Kyaw Lin Oo , a Burmese activist , told reporters outside the Chinese embassy in Bangkok .
Although we hate the government , we cannot do anything
Hsi Tu
1988 activist " We want the Chinese government to understand the actual cost of their support to the people inside of Burma , " he added .
Anti-junta protests also took place in Manila , Tokyo , and Delhi , and protesters joined wider demonstrations to mark the start of the Olympics in London , Brussels , Berlin and Hong Kong .
" As the world celebrates the opening of the Beijing Olympics , people should pause to remember the atrocities in Burma 20 years ago , " said Elaine Pearson , deputy Asia director of Human Rights Watch .
Hsi
Tu , a handicraft maker , shared his memories of the 1988 revolt with the BBC .
" I was in Mandalay at the time , in my second year studying psychology at university , " he said .
" We organised a big protest , in which some students were killed right in front of me .
We took their bodies , put them on our motorbikes and drove them away .
Then we came back to continue protesting . "
But he said he was not hopeful that any protest movement would pose a serious threat to military rule in the near future .
" We people although we hate the government , we can not do anything .
We have no arms , while the military have a lot .
It is also very difficult to unite people again .
" Most of the people are more concerned about their lives and their businesses as the economy is going down .
Still , I think the Burmese are hoping the situation in the country will get better one day , " he added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
READER COMMENTS ON
" Filling in the Ovals on LA County 's Super Tuesday ' Double Bubble ' Debacle "
( 44 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 2/7/2008 @ 1:00 pm PT ...
This is as bad as them talking about letting Michigan and Florida delegates count when Obama was n't on the ballot in Mich .
and did n't even campaign in Fla .
with name recognition going to Clinton because the state is jammed with ex New Yorkers ?
SHEESH
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... confabulator said on 2/7/2008 @ 1:45 pm PT ...
There are plenty of sources of confusion , including the terminology used in California elections .
The LA county pollworker Brad quotes says , " ... we all thought that a voter registered as non-partisan who requested to vote as a Democrat was to be given a Democratic ballot and sent to the Democratic booth . "
But in California , no one is registered as " non-partisan . "
Voter registration cards , which are the same throughout California , give you the option check a box next to the party you want to register with , or you can check a box next to the phrase , " Decline to State an affiliation with a political party . "
As Brad states , what is called " Independent " or " Non-partisan " in other states is called " Decline to State " in California .
The Secretary of State and news accounts say California does not use the term " independent " because of possible confusion with the American Independent Party , and the term " non-partisan " in California elections specifically refers to offices in which candidates are not allowed to state their political party , as in the case of certain elected judgeships .
This is confirmed on Debra Bowen 's website ( http://www.sos.ca.gov/elections/elections_decline.htm ) where , addressing Decline to State voters , it says " You may request , from your county elections official or at your polling place , the ballot of a political party if authorized by the party 's rules and duly noticed by the Secretary of State .
If you do not request such a ballot , you will be given a nonpartisan ballot , containing only the names of all candidates for nonpartisan offices and measures to be voted upon at the primary election . "
Read that again , " you will be given a nonpartisan ballot , containing only the names of all candidates for NONPARTISAN OFFICES and MEASURES ... " not the ballot of the democratic or republican party .
If the picture you show labeled " Tale of Two Ballots " is correct , I do not know why the ballot reads " Non Partisan Official Ballot . "
More confusion .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... John said on 2/7/2008 @ 4:22 pm PT ...
All I have to say , is I hope both candidates want all the votes counted .
If votes are cast but not counted it 's a travesty .
Count ALL VOTES .
If for some reason Obama cuts 4 % of her lead and she loses 10 delegates there should be no complaining , and vice versa .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 2/7/2008 @ 4:48 pm PT ...
Was n't it Einstein who said " Make things as simple as possible , but no simpler " ?
Sounds like this was a violation of that principle which led to confusion .
If bigwigs choose at the convention , all this bullshit is a waste of money anyway .
Raise your purple finger ... invade other countries and bring them this wonder ... those who are left after the killing fields that is ...
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... MeatwadGets
It said on 2/7/2008 @ 5:27 pm PT ...
I am growing sick of all this organized crime running our government .
At least most counties in California have learned about the electronic ballot issues and reverted to paper .
Now if they can make the next step , open hand counting instead of those tamper prone electronic counting machines .
Your freedoms have been stolen by organized crime .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... confabulator said on 2/7/2008 @ 5:32 pm PT ...
Brad ,
You know how you blew the whistle on the Drudge Report disinformation when he ran the headline , " The board of elections failed to deliver voting equipment to polling places ALL OVER LOS ANGELES ... " on 2/5/08 ?
One of the first indicators of a problem with the story was the fact that in California counties do not have a " board of elections " they each have a Registrar of Voters or a county clerk who is responsible for running elections ( The title in LA county is Registrar , County Clerk / Recorder ) .
There is no " Board of Elections " anywhere in California .
So , looking at today 's quote from the pollworker above , " ... we all thought that a voter registered as non-partisan who requested to vote as a Democrat was to be given a Democratic ballot and sent to the Democratic booth , " I am not aware of any California county that has polling places with " Democratic Booths " and / or " Republican Booths . "
They just have booths .
Can someone verify that in Los Angeles county , or any other California county , polling places have " Democratic booths . " ?
Thanks .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... GWN said on 2/7/2008 @ 5:53 pm PT ...
OT " Choose who you would like to be the next President of the United States "
aljazeera poll
Look at Obama's !
" Please note the results of this online poll are not scientific "
Maybe that disclaimer should mandatory on machines and scanners in the US .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 2/7/2008 @ 6:20 pm PT ...
Confabulator # 6 said :
There is no " Board of Elections " anywhere in California .
True enough .
But that was the least of Drudge 's sins , since he 's writing for a national audience and " Board of Elections " is close enough for him ... and that particular audience ( that particularly audience being the entire Rightwing and the entire MSM , of course )
Can someone verify that in Los Angeles county , or any other California county , polling places have " Democratic booths . " ?
Thanks .
They do .
I 'm in LA County , and can attest to it .
At least for the primary , where there are different ballot templates for the InkaVote device .
Of course , they are not " booths " , but rather partitions up on stands / legs , where you can mark your ballot in relative privacy .
At my polling place , there were some 9 booths or so .
Appx . 3 each marked with handmade signs that read " DEM " or " REP " or " Non-Partisan " ( as I recall ... I can probably check the video if you really need me to . )
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... confabulator said on 2/7/2008 @ 6:28 pm PT ...
Thanks ,
Brad ,
No need for further confirmation on " Dem " and " Rep " booths .
A friend in LA confirms your observation .
Thanks .
BTW , many republicans throughout the state are miffed when they found they could not vote for a republican because they were , correctly or incorrectly , registered as Decline to State .
They have been yelling at registrars who quietly inform them of the Republican Party rules .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Linda said on 2/7/2008 @ 6:32 pm PT ...
Confabulator # 2 , you wrote : " But in California , no one is registered as " non-partisan . "
They may not register as non-partisan , but in our county , we had ballots labelled " Non-Partisan " for these voters .
Hence , I posit that the terms " Decine to State , " " Non-Partisan , " and " independent " are interchangeable , with " independent " not to be confused with American Independent Party .
You may already know this , but in case you do n't , in my CA county , voters registered as non-partisan were given the ballot they requested , be it Democratic , American Independent , or Non-Partisan .
For this reason , there was none of the confusion such as that which we are dealing with in LA County .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Linda said on 2/7/2008 @ 6:40 pm PT ...
Brad # 8 , right there is an unbelievably stupid logistical mess , having separate booths for Democrats , Republicans , and Non-Partisans .
Later when this is all cleared up , I would be interested to learn how they did this .
Were the programs they were operating on different ?
If all machines were hooked up to the same computer , then why differentiate one booth from another for party purposes ?
So in LA County , is it true that whatever electronic voting machine you had to use was determined by your party affiliation ?
If yes , what is the purpose of that ?
That is just one more way to mess up .
It serves no reasonable purpose I can think of .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... confabulator said on 2/7/2008 @ 7:00 pm PT ...
Linda , #9 and # 10
I have a high regard for your comments and questions .
You actually work at the polls , you see that registrars have limited resources to train and equip thousands of essentially " volunteer " pollworkers and temporary election - day help to carry out the election .
And you know that after months of planning and preparing for contingencies , the effort has only one chance to get it right on election day .
You may also see , I am sure , that most the folks involved want to run a good , fair , accountable election and that very few , if any , seem willing to risk a felony conviction by committing election fraud in order to attempt to elect their favored candidates .
You ask intelligent questions and respond in a civil , respectful way .
I admire that .
So , let me ask you this , in a " Devil 's Advocate " sort of way .
Given that the equipment and software used to count Sonoma County 's optical scan ballots , the Mark A Vote system , have never been federally certified nor has the equipment and software ever been examined in Debra Bowen 's " Top - to - Bottom Review " of election systems and , thus , she is unable to state that Mark A Vote is free of the flaws she found in each of the other systems she examined , are you willing to accept Sonoma County 's final vote count ?
If " yes , " why ?
If " no , " why not ?
( Please understand , I am not trying to play " got ya ! " I am truly interested in your answer . )
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Pat said on 2/7/2008 @ 8:05 pm PT ...
... come on now , where is the government troll when you need him ?
Should n't DE be here somewhere or the two brothers in crime ?
I kinda miss your bullshit , and there was an article today all about you .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Paul Lehto said on 2/7/2008 @ 8:56 pm PT ...
Excuse me ?
Logan will make some kind of political judgment as to whether HE thinks it will affect " delegates " and THAT will control if votes get counted according to the voters ' intent , or not ??
He is obligated to uphold the California Constitution , and that very significant document clearly states : CALIFORNIA CONSTITUTION ARTICLE 2 VOTING , INITIATIVE AND REFERENDUM , AND RECALL SEC .
2.5 . A voter who casts a vote in an election in accordance with the laws of this State shall have that vote counted .
Logan is clearly unqualified to be involved in elections because a public servant that acts unconstitutionally is clearly unqualified and unfit .
There is no law requiring a double bubble but , in any event , the gross incompetence and mismanagement in ballot design with or without the forewarnings he had is additional and ample grounds for immediate dismissal --- at a minimum .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Badger said on 2/7/2008 @ 9:16 pm PT ...
There ’s quite a blog here on the LA election problems :
http://blogs.laweekly.co...bubble-toil-and-trouble/
McCormack thinks Logan is just swell : http://seattlepi.nwsourc...ocal/273692_logan13.html
Must have been this review that cinched the job in LA for him :
http://seattletimes.nwso...351570_elections29m.html
Logan added to woes of election staff , panel says By Keith Ervin
Seattle Times staff reporter
“ King County 's election office is in worse shape than it was before County Executive Ron Sims hired Dean Logan two years ago to reform the problem - plagued operation , a key member of Sims ' election - review panel said yesterday . ”
Really , no one in LA did any due diligence on this guy ?
If I can Google this stuff , anyone can .
That last article on the review is the clincher .
No way was he qualified based on past performance and certainly not up the ladder .
Thanks Paul , for finding the law about counting ballots .
That arrogance rankles me as much as not bothering to count ballots left out of the original count " unless they will make a difference . "
EVERY ballot must be counted and WHO decides what " making a difference means ? "
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 2/7/2008 @ 10:10 pm PT ...
Linda # 11 asked : I would be interested to learn how they did this .
Were the programs they were operating on different ?
If all machines were hooked up to the same computer , then why differentiate one booth from another for party purposes ?
The " booths " have no " machines " or computers at all .
Rather , that have a booklet template into which your blank , paper ballot is slipped into .
You then fill in the bubble in the template book which shows you who you are ( supposedly ) voting for .
It 's like the old punchcard ballots , but with a marker pen , instead of a punch stylus .
The card is then taken out of the booklet , and dropped into electronic ballot checker ( ES&S ' InkaVote Plus ) which is supposed to warn of overvotes but NOT count the vote .
Though it turns out the thankfully - former Registrar Conny McCormack , who dreamt up th ecurrent nightmare , actually had those machines tabulating and used the numbers for her instant snap - tallies at the end of the night without telling anyone .
So the different booths , " DEM " , " REP " , etc. each had the different ballot in it it 's paper InkaVote booklet template .
Make sense ?
Hoping so .
Wish it was easier to explain ( and to vote ! )
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 2/7/2008 @ 10:13 pm PT ...
Badger # 15 - Not sure if Logan was hired by the Board of Supes , or if Conny McCormack herself was the one who brought him on .
But apparently , in the election business , past poor performance is no strike against you .
Just ask Cuyahoga County , OH 's former disaster of an Election Director who now works for San Diego County .
These people either do n't give a damn who they hire for these jobs , or they do , and they choose these folks on purpose .
Take your pick .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... calwatch said on 2/7/2008 @ 11:56 pm PT ...
The current excuse , as stated by Logan , is that the extra bubble is there so that votes will not be counted for decline - to - staters in party central committee races .
Except there were no party central committee races on the ballot , for any committee .
Thus , there would have been no problem to just hand the voter a Democrat or American Independent ballot , and would have been a lot easier to boot .
The statistics of crossover voters can be calculated from the signatures in the voting book , as they are only relevant once the final canvass is completed .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... LoneStar said on 2/8/2008 @ 6:18 am PT ...
Good god .
You mean to tell us the republicans were right in 2000 after all ?
The democrats can't even color the right bubble ?
Hello chad .
Maybe next time we should have our candidates just draw straws or spin the bottle or as Bill said roll the dice .
I have been a lifelong democrat but now I am beginning to think we are the party of dumbasses .
Signs of the time I suppose .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... jon said on 2/8/2008 @ 7:38 am PT ...
And a great from drake question on the Facebook thread ( no Facebook account required to view ) : is there an email we can send to our local media to encourage them to cover this story ?
I 've been really disappointed by how little coverage this has gotten ... but maybe we can change that !
jon
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 2/8/2008 @ 7:43 am PT ...
he -he # 19 the oldest bullshit in the book
" I am a lifelong Democrat " my ass .
You see this Big Dan ?
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Jim H said on 2/8/2008 @ 7:50 am PT ...
Wow , this mess would seem to have had a simple solution .
Instead they decided to try to outdo the butterfly ballot princess Theresa LePore .
How about just asking the voter which primary they wanted to vote in , then giving them a clearly marked REPUBLICAN , DEMOCRATIC , or INDEPENDENT marked ballot .
They could then add a bubble for the voter to identify their party or dts affiliation for statistical purposes .
Problem solved , right ?
Instead we get a ball of confusion designed by persons I would n't trust to walk my dog .
Remember this :
The newspaper 's review of the overvotes found 5,330 Palm Beach County residents invalidated their ballots by punching chads for Gore and Reform Party candidate Pat Buchanan .
The hole voters punched for Buchanan was located just above Gore 's on the two - page ballot .
The ballots showed another 2,908 voters punched Gore and Socialist David McReynolds , whose hole appeared just below Gore 's .
Buchanan's and McReynolds ' names appeared on the right page of the ballot , while Gore 's was on the left .
The confusion hurt Bush , too : 1,631 people punched Bush and Buchanan , whose hole was below his on the ballot .
But Gore was the bigger loser : the two Gore combinations , minus the Bush - Buchanan votes , totaled 6,607 lost votes for Gore , the Post found .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Jim H said on 2/8/2008 @ 8:00 am PT ...
BTW : I 'm not a lifelong Democrat but it 's pretty clear that ballot turned a lot of elderly Republican voters into " dumbasses " too .
Not to mention the dumbasses who actually intended to vote for Bush and had their votes counted .
Keep digging my friend .
We have another few months to make things even worse .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Linda said on 2/8/2008 @ 8:50 am PT ...
Confabulator # 12 , Re : " Given that the equipment and software used to count Sonoma County 's optical scan ballots , the Mark A Vote system , have never been federally certified nor has the equipment and software ever been examined in Debra Bowen 's " Top - to - Bottom Review " of election systems and , thus , she is unable to state that Mark A Vote is free of the flaws she found in each of the other systems she examined , are you willing to accept Sonoma County 's final vote count ?
If " yes , " why ?
If " no , " why not ?
( Please understand , I am not trying to play " got ya ! " I am truly interested in your answer . ) "
I am not willing to simply accept that Sonoma County 's final vote count is accurate , because of the Mark A Vote situation here .
And I thank you for your clear and thorough explanation to me earlier of this situation .
God knows we would never know this from reading our local newspapers .
This is what I have done so far :
(1) I sent letters to the editor about this to the Santa Rosa Press Democrat , the San Francisco Chronicle , and the Petaluma Argus Courier .
None of them chose to print my letter .
I get a lot of letters printed , so I understand how this works .
They print letters that they feel their readers will be interested in .
You have to just keep sending them letters , and not give up , because they pay attention to who 's reading their paper and what these readers are interested in . ( 2 ) I contacted the director of an organization called Mainstreet Moms that works on election issues .
They are who contacted me in the first place during the summer of 2006 and asked me to become involved in my local elections process .
At that time , they had a chat situation in which they connected members in the same voting areas who were interested in this issue .
I am now actively looking for other voters / citizens in my voting area , through this organization , to form a committee that will approach our local ROV to learn more about how our votes are registered and counted .
It would not be effective for me to do this as a maverick .
I know this from past experience .
A committee is the way to go .
I have not yet heard back from Mainstreet Moms ' director , but it has only been a day .
I fully intend to address the problem with the not - yet - certified counting process here .
Thank - you again .
One thing we have going for us here in my county is that there are no indications that our ROV is politically motivated to kowtow to the electronic voting machine cartel or to one particular political party , like what is happening in LA and elsewhere .
However , we should NEVER base EI on our lack of bad feelings about our ROV .
Furthermore , during my most recent training , a different official conducted the training , with the original ROV sitting on the sidelines , which indicates we may be getting a new ROV .
My sense of this new one is not as confidence - building as my sense of the old one .
Of course , I am completely making all of this up .
I do n't really know .
This is only my sense .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Linda said on 2/8/2008 @ 8:56 am PT ...
Calwatch # 18 , what you wrote makes complete sense .
Please consider becoming involved in your local elections process .
We need citizens who can actually think and problem - solve to become involved .
Not only are a lot of elections officials apparently unable to think , they actually CREATE problems when they attempt to do so .
I am not being sarcastic here .
I am being honest .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Linda said on 2/8/2008 @ 9:10 am PT ...
Lonestar # 19 , I realize you are just trying to be funny , and I do appreciate your humor .
However , not knowing who you are or what your background is , I have to say that you seem a little out of touch with the general over all population .
Scapegoating the voters for a stupidly designed and executed ballot makes no sense .
Many , many people who are intelligent in many other ways , may lack the ability to fill out a form like the one presented to them on election day by LA County .
Filling out forms is something that those of us who grew up doing so take for granted , but you have to understand that it requires a developed skill set that some may not have , and this does not mean that those who do not are dumbasses .
You may also have this skill set at one point in your life , and then lose it due to various reasons such as the normal aging process .
I did some of my growing up in the Deep South .
The tone of your post reminds me of how the whites in the Jim Crow South viewed their black citizens prior to and during the Civil Rights era .
As a fellow human being who recognizes you to be an intelligent individual , I strongly urge you to not provide any momentum to that way of thinking .
There is no reason whatsoever for a complicated balloting process .
The goal of our ROVs should ALWAYS be to keep it as simple , as clear , and as thorough as possible .
Let 's work on accomplishing this , rather than ridiculing those voters who have difficulty navigating an unnecessarily complicated ballot .
Even an extra bubble to fill in , if not essential to the process , may throw a voter off his / her feet .
All voters should have to do when they come into the polls is to vote .
Everything else that involves their checking in and verification and making sure they are given the appropriate ballot should be up to the poll workers .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Linda said on 2/8/2008 @ 9:14 am PT ...
Jim H # 22 , that is exactly how my county did it .
Hence , we did not experience any of the problems LA is going through today .
Please get involved locally .
Your elections system needs you !
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... GWN said on 2/8/2008 @ 9:34 am PT ...
# 22 JimH , " 1,631 people punched Bush and Buchanan , whose hole was below his on the ballot . "
I have so many lines for that sentence that I wo n't even touch it .
Do n't you think that " they " are trying to make paper ballots look bad just like " they " did in 2000 .
Remember this ,
Dan Rather interviews Sequoia whistleblowers .
That way " they " can say , SEE DRE's are much better ... blah blah blah .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Badger said on 2/8/2008 @ 9:42 am PT ...
Well , the InkaVote has got to go sometime .
Want to bet that McCormack and Logan will argue for DRE's ?
After all , it 's the fault of that darn paper , as inanimate as it is .
( Assume McCormack will be hired back as a consultant ) Goal : DRE's ( Or Online ) Method : Create fiasco after fiasco in the paper voting system .
It has nothing to do with the paper , of course , but the MSM will dutifully print that it is .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Badger said on 2/8/2008 @ 10:16 am PT ...
Look who apparently sponsored the task force McCormack and Logan participated in , as mentioned by McCormack in one of my posts above : http://209.85.173.104/se...=us&client=firefox-a
Election ’s old “ friend ” , the Election Center Logan has also been through the Election Center ’s training course , that CERA designation after his name : http://www.electioncenter.org/pep.html
How about election officials with a degree in accounting , first ?
Maybe a minor in business administration although I have never thought government can be successfully run like a business per se- it ’s just not the same animal .
So , with all of this alleged training , would n’t you think a prime requirement would be to make ballot design simple , not only for citizens of all kinds but also for the systems that must allegedly count them ?
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... confabulator said on 2/8/2008 @ 10:35 am PT ...
Badger # 29
The Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors is conducting a nationwide search to fill the position of Registrar / Clerk / Recorder for the county .
Before she retired , McCormack hired Dean Logan as her # 2 person .
Logan is now the temporary acting Registrar .
He wants to be appointed to the full time position .
He is a candidate under consideration .
McCormack wants him to win that position .
But he already has one strike against him because he does not have a college degree and this double bubble fiasco virtually guarantees he will not get the position .
The Board of Supes hates negative publicity .
The Board is predominately democrats and this episode negatively affected democrats .
There is no way , just no way , Logan ( or McCormack ) would intentionally " create fiasco after fiasco in the paper voting system , " because Logan wants the job and McCormack wanted him to get it .
But , because of this , his chance is gone .
BTW , ain't no CA county going " Online " or spending the money on new DRE's .
It 's gonna be opscan for the forseeable future .
Paper .
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... confabulator said on 2/8/2008 @ 11:52 am PT ...
Linda # 26 Thank you for your thoughtful response to my question .
May I suggest these steps : First , talk to your Registrar .
Because you can clearly convey to her that you understand this is not her doing , she is likely to not feel threatened and will give you an honest answer and assessment .
Talk to Debra Bowen .
She may have some really good reasons .
Finally , if those responses do not satisfy you , next step is to talk to your state assemblyperson and state senator , followed by congressional representatives .
You are absolutely right when you told Lonestar that the voting process must be made as simple as possible .
When you are dealing with all voters you are dealing with the whole range of human capacity and behavior .
It 's not just Democrats .
There 's a bunch of angry , frustrated Republicans who forgot that several elections ago they registered as " Decline to State " and , thus , were unable to vote for a republican in this primary election , because of republican party rules .
Not because of Registrar incompetence or their own stupidity .
The voters just forgot that years ago they changed their registration .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... MrBill123 said on 2/8/2008 @ 12:11 pm PT ...
In my precinct in Illinois , we had 16 paper ballots to distribute to voters ... And guess what ?
0 problems .
Infact each and every one of the 730 ballots cast , required a signature and a written declaration of party selection .
Illinois has a Consolidated Closed Primary , but any voter can request any party 's ballot at the time the ballot is distributed .
Infact we had to ask every voter which party ballot they wanted - 730 times - my voice is still abit rough .
Of the few voters who were a bit confused about the process of stating a party , a quick 15 second explaination sufficed .
Amazing .... utterly amazing .
Folks , this is an organized plan to disenfranchise voters .
The level of incompetance shown , is not by chance , but by plan .
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Knife in the back said on 2/8/2008 @ 12:37 pm PT ...
MrBill123 do you think that method would scale well ?
It certainly sounds more accurate than all the other crap going on right now .
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... ThePete said on 2/8/2008 @ 3:23 pm PT ...
I 've lived in LA for almost 15 years and have been registered as an independent since I got here .
I 've never had this kind of thing happen to me before , but luckily , I 'm crazy for documenting everything , so I actually shot footage of myself voting and managed to capture the exact moment I blew past the double bubble , leaving it un-inked .
Check it out here .
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Linda said on 2/8/2008 @ 4:19 pm PT ...
ThePete # 36 , watched your video .
I have to say , when you see what the ballot actually looked like , and how the instructions told you " not to vote , " it 's plain that the whole voting situation in LA County was very confusing , very messy .
You commented that provisional ballots are not counted unless there 's a recount .
Not true .
They are counted just as regular or mail - in ballots are counted , except that they have to be cross-checked to make sure the voter did n't vote fraudulently , such as in double - voted .
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Wiseburn said on 2/8/2008 @ 5:52 pm PT ...
Another reported problem in LA County is many people who had re-registered in the Republican Party in order to vote in their primary , were still listed on the precinct voter rolls with their previous party .
They had to file provisional ballots in order to vote for their candidate of choice which likely , will never be counted .
Steve
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... ThePete said on 2/8/2008 @ 6:19 pm PT ...
Thanks for clearing my confusion up , Linda .
You hear so much from so many different sources these days it 's incredibly hard to know who is telling the truth , who is accurate and whether or not what they 're saying even applies to you .
You 're right when you say it 's very confusing and very messy .
I 'd go further and say it 's intentionally so .
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... Badger said on 2/9/2008 @ 9:35 am PT ...
confabulator , Oh , I know that California is supposed to go to all paper but with McCormack and her ilk fighting it , I bet one of their " solutions " to the bubble mess ( That she helped create ) are DRE's .
That they use this mess to keep pushing for paperless voting .
You would think if McCormack wanted Logan to get the job , she would have not helped create the " bubble " mess .
I hope she has no influence with the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors after this .
Any election integrity people out there with the credentials for this job ?
Most of them would be more versed in law , procedure , and hardware now than any Election Center trained candidate .
Prior election experience might be useful but I think ability to organize , think ahead , and hire the right people is more important .
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... confabulator said on 2/9/2008 @ 3:24 pm PT ...
Badger # 39
I absolutely agree with you : Election Integrity folks should apply for the position of Registrar / Recorder for Los Angeles County .
Folks have strong credentials and strong opinions on how things should work .
They should put it all to good use and run elections for the largest elections jurisdiction in the US .
4 million registered voters , around 5,000 polling places .
It 's gonna pay somewhere around $ 175,000 to $ 200,000 .
Get the job , get to work , and show 'em what you can do .
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... Jean said on 2/9/2008 @ 8:51 pm PT ...
So do any of you Californian 's know if they have gotten through all the cross checking on the provisonal ballots , figured out the intent of all the voters and summed up the delegates for a final count ?
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... confabulator said on 2/9/2008 @ 10:57 pm PT ...
Jean # 41
California law requires the counties to complete their final " Official Canvass " and issue a Statement of Vote within 28 days following the election , which looks to be March 4 .
The final statement of vote results are , by law , presumed to be correct .
If someone challenges the election results in court , the burden is on the challenger to provide evidence strong enough to convince a court to overturn the election results .
So , while anyone is free to say to the Registrar , " prove that your vote count is correct , " the court will say to a challenger , " provide convincing evidence that the vote count is not correct . "
While one may not like it , that 's the rule of law in California .
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Linda said on 2/10/2008 @ 11:09 am PT ...
Confabulator # 42 's comment underscores that citizens / voters really need to become involved in the process , and then approach their ROVs as allies in an effort to provide productive input re making the process better .
This is in contrast to approaching their ROVs as accusers .
You do n't have to have a lot of " extra " time in order to become involved .
To be a poll worker in my county , all you have to do is attend one 3 to 4 hour training , which can be on a Saturday or not ( the ROV is very accommodating ) , and work election day all day long .
That is one day out of your regular life .
I would NOT characterize the work as " fun . "
It is SATISFYING , which , in our culture , is vastly underrated .
Work that is SATISFYING provides us with a sense of accomplishment , of participation , and of meaning .
It makes us a part of a larger picture .
Please become involved in your local process .
Not everyone who does this is " elderly , " or retired , with nothing else to do .
And in defense of the " elderly , " my 4 - member team has two women who are at least in their 70s and possibly in their 80s .
They are BOTH very sharp , very clear about procedures , and very quick to get the job done , even after the polls close and we 've been working since 6 a.m .
Our society is so mistaken about our expectations for our so - called senior citizens .
Lecture over .
You may all go home now .
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... Andrea Sea Namaste said on 2/14/2008 @ 5:02 am PT ...
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Morgan Stanley offered up some much - needed good news late Tuesday , reporting better - than - expected quarterly results a day in advance .
The nation 's No. 2 investment bank posted a net profit of $ 1.43 billion , or $ 1.32 per share , during the third quarter ending in August , down almost 8 % from a year ago .
The numbers , however , were much better than forecasted - analysts were anticipating a profit of just $ 869 million , or 77 cents a share , according to Thomson Reuters .
The company also reported sales of $ 8 billion in the quarter , a slight increase from the same period last year , but much higher than the $ 6.3 billion in revenue that Wall Street was expecting .
Morgan Stanley ( MS , Fortune 500 ) shares , which finished 11 % lower in regular trading Tuesday , fell another 3 % after - hours .
Colm Kelleher , Morgan Stanley 's chief financial officer , said the firm felt compelled to report a day early given some of the developments and rumors that have swirled around the financial services industry in recent days .
The New York City - based firm was originally scheduled to report its results before Wednesday 's market open .
" It is very important to get some sanity back into the market , " Kelleher said in a conference call with analysts .
Just a day earlier , fellow investment bank Lehman Brothers ( LEH , Fortune 500 ) filed for bankruptcy Monday , marking the biggest ever in U.S. corporate history .
Merrill Lynch ( MER , Fortune 500 ) , a Wall Street icon itself , announced plans to be acquired for some $ 50 billion by Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) , after enduring billions of dollars in losses as a result of ambitious bets on the U.S. mortgage market .
There have also been increasing fears about the health of the insurance giant American International Group ( AIG , Fortune 500 ) , which is scrambling to raise much needed cash .
Stocks finished higher in what turned out to another dramatic day on Wall Street , even though the Federal Reserve decided to keep its key short - term rate steady Tuesday afternoon .
The market had been expecting a rate cut in light of the credit crisis facing the financial sector .
A closer look at the numbers
John Mack , Morgan Stanley 's chairman and CEO , attributed Tuesday 's results to strong performances across a number of the company 's key divisions , including its commodities and foreign exchange businesses .
Just a quarter ago , the company saw its second - quarter profits plunge 57 % due to lower investment banking and sales and trading activity .
The company 's institutional securities division , which comprises the bulk of its business , managed to minimize the pain this quarter in those businesses as sales rose 19 % to $ 5.9 billion .
Revenues in Morgan Stanley 's other two core businesses - global wealth management and asset management - were down from a year ago .
The past three months have been difficult for securities firms .
In addition to exposure to toxic mortgage - related assets , they have had to endure wild swings in the equity markets and a virtual halt in investment banking activity .
Goldman Sachs ( GS , Fortune 500 ) confirmed that Tuesday morning when it reported its third - quarter results .
The leading investment bank 's profits fell 70 % from a year ago -- but still managed to beat expectations .
Kelleher offered a tempered outlook of the company 's prospects , saying that the remainder of the year will remain challenging .
He also defended the firm 's investment bank structure , saying that the company did not plan to buy or merge with a commercial bank .
Goldman Sachs ' CFO made similar comments earlier Tuesday .
" We believe in the diverse business model of the investment bank and its ability to adapt to different environments , " said Kelleher .
" Depository institutions do not better enable us to execute our business and may bring with them their own set of complications . "
President Bush , Vice President Dick Cheney and California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger are all skipping the Republican National Convention .
ADVERTISEMENT
Bush and Cheney are focusing on Hurricane Gustav , which is rapidly approaching the Gulf Coast .
Schwarzenegger is staying home to deal with a standoff with California legislators over the state budget .
All three had been scheduled to speak Monday night at the convention .
Presidential candidate John McCain was flying to Mississippi to be briefed on the hurricane , but was expected to return to the convention city later .
THIS IS A BREAKING NEWS UPDATE .
Check back soon for further information .
AP 's earlier story is below .
WASHINGTON  An American ambassador helped cover up the illegal Chinese origins of ammunition that a Pentagon contractor bought to supply Afghan security forces , according to testimony gathered by Congressional investigators .
A military attaché has told the investigators that the United States ambassador to Albania endorsed a plan by the Albanian defense minister to hide several boxes of Chinese ammunition from a visiting reporter .
The ammunition was being repackaged to disguise its origins and shipped from Albania to Afghanistan by a Miami Beach arms - dealing company .
The ambassador , John L. Withers II , met with the defense minister , Fatmir Mediu , hours before a reporter for The New York Times was to visit the American contractor ’s operations in Tirana , the Albanian capital , according to the testimony .
The company , under an Army contract , bought the ammunition to supply Afghan security forces although American law prohibits trading in Chinese arms .
The attaché , Maj. Larry D. Harrison
II of the Army , was one of the aides attending the late - night meeting , on Nov. 19 , 2007 .
He told House investigators that Mr. Mediu asked Ambassador Withers for help , saying he was concerned that the reporter would reveal that he had been accused of profiting from selling arms .
The minister said that because he had gone out of his way to help the United States , a close ally , “ the U.S. owed him something , ” according to Major Harrison .
Travesti : Sex , Gender , and Culture among Brazilian Transgendered Prostitutes by Don Kulick University of Chicago Press , 1998
Paper : 978-0-226-46100-7 | Cloth : 978-0-226-46099-4 | eISBN : 978-0-226-46101-4
Library of Congress Classification HQ77.2.B7K85 1998
Dewey Decimal Classification 306.77
ABOUT THIS BOOK | TOC | REQUEST ACCESSIBLE FILE ABOUT THIS BOOK
In this dramatic and compelling narrative , anthropologist Don Kulick follows the lives of a group of transgendered prostitutes ( called travestis in Portuguese ) in the Brazilian city Salvador .
Travestis are males who , often beginning at ages as young as ten , adopt female names , clothing styles , hairstyles , and linguistic pronouns .
More dramatically , they ingest massive doses of female hormones and inject up to twenty liters of industrial silicone into their bodies to create breasts , wide hips , and large thighs and buttocks .
Despite such irreversible physiological changes , virtually no travesti identifies herself as a woman .
Moreover , travestis regard any male who does so as mentally disturbed .
Kulick analyzes the various ways travestis modify their bodies , explores the motivations that lead them to choose this particular gendered identity , and examines the complex relationships that they maintain with one another , their boyfriends , and their families .
Kulick also looks at how travestis earn their living through prostitution and discusses the reasons prostitution , for most travestis , is a positive and affirmative experience .
Arguing that transgenderism never occurs in a " natural " or arbitrary form , Kulick shows how it is created in specific social contexts and assumes specific social forms .
Furthermore , Kulick suggests that travestis — far from deviating from normative gendered expectations — may in fact distill and perfect the messages that give meaning to gender throughout Brazilian society and possibly throughout much of Latin America .
Through Kulick 's engaging voice and sharp analysis , this elegantly rendered account is not only a landmark study in its discipline but also a fascinating read for anyone interested in sexuality and gender .
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Acknowledgments
Note on the Transcriptions
Introduction
1 : The Context of Travesti Life
2 : Becoming a Travesti
3 : A Man in the House
4 : The Pleasure of Prostitution
5 : Travesti Gendered Subjectivity
Notes
References
Index REQUEST ACCESSIBLE
FILE
If you are a student who cannot use this book in printed form , BiblioVault may be able to supply you with an electronic file for alternative access .
Please have the accessibility coordinator at your school fill out this form .
It can take 2 - 3 weeks for requests to be filled .
See other books on : Cross- dressers | Human Sexuality | Sex | Transvestites
See other titles from See other books on : Brazil See other titles from University of Chicago Press
Imagine if tomorrow the CIA and MI6 discover that Osama bin Laden has invented an incredible new weapon .
This machine - stashed away in some dusty Afghan cave - doubles the intensity of hurricanes , causing them to drown a US city and kill nearly 2,000 people .
It turns Spain and Australia dry in the worst droughts on record .
It makes the oceans acidic , killing essential parts of the food chain .
It is causes these acidic seas to rise and wash away whole nations like Bangladesh and Tuvalu .
And if the machine is left switched on for too long , it will drown London and New York and Lagos and Kinshasa too .
This machine exists .
It is called global warming - and we are our own Bin Laden .
The world 's scientists say our greenhouse gas emissions are causing this planetary cooking as surely as HIV causes Aids or smoking causes lung cancer .
If al - Qa'ida was unleashing this weather of mass destruction , we would do anything - anything - to stop them .
But because the enemy is inside each one of us , we stagger on , building more airports and coal power stations and shrieking for cheaper oil .
We are suffering from what psychologists call an " external context problem " : this is so far outside anything we have experienced before , it instinctively seems it cannot possibly be true , no matter how much evidence washes at our feet .
This week , a small band of the sane is gathering to try to shake us awake .
In the English countryside of Kent , thousands of ordinary people have set up camp to demand the British Government cancel its plans to build a new coal power station , with six others to follow .
Coal is the worst warming - weapon , responsible for half of all the greenhouse gases humans have pumped into the atmosphere .
It is twice as warming as the next worst fossil fuel - natural gas - and more than a hundred times worse than wind power .
The Climate Camp protesters are refusing to be part of Generation Zzzzzzzz , drugged by celebrity and consumption .
Armed only with the science , they are urging us to be rational , now , while we still can .
To grasp the urgency of the situation , let 's look at one aspect of global warming that has been widely overlooked .
As you lie on a beach this summer and stare at the ocean , you should be aware it is becoming rapidly more acidic - because of your emissions .
The oceans are the greatest carbon sink we have .
They have inhaled a third of the carbon dioxide pumped by us into the atmosphere and buried it on the ocean floor .
But there is a price .
When CO2 combines with water , it creates a fizzy carbonic acid .
You taste this acid on your tongue every day in your can of Coke .
The more carbon the ocean soaks up , the more acid it produces .
Since the start of the Industrial Revolution , the acidity of the seas has soared by 30 percent , and by the end of my life , it will have increased by 150 percent - unless we reverse course fast .
" A change of that magnitude is more than we have seen in 20 million years , " says Richard Feely of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration in Seattle .
Turning the seas acidic sets off a series of disasters , only some of which can be predicted in advance .
Disaster one :
The collapse of the oceanic food chain .
At the turn of the century , the US , Japanese and German governments were so impressed by the capacity of the oceans to mop up CO2 that they proposed compressing emissions from power plants and pumping the goo into the sea .
So a series of tank - experiments were set up to see what would happen .
Once the water became strongly acidic , the shells of dozens of sea creatures - from sea urchins to molluscs - simply dissolved , and they died .
The food chain collapsed ; almost everything else in the experiment died too .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
One of the creatures that is killed by acidity is the pteropod , a tiny little sea snail .
That does n't sound like a big deal - until you realise pteropods are the major food source for salmon , herring , cod and pollack .
If they die , so does the staple food of hundreds of millions of humans .
So long , and thanks for all the fish .
Disaster two : the death of coral .
Acidic oceans dissolve coral like a fizzing paracetamol in a glass .
So the coral reefs - the rainforests of the ocean , home to a quarter of all sea life - are dying at a rate that has staggered the scientists who study them .
And the Reefer Madness gets worse : atolls like the Maldives and Tuvalu have foundations made of coral , so they will dissolve and collapse , if rising sea levels do n't get them first .
Disaster three : the seas will lose their ability to soak up carbon dioxide .
The creatures that currently " eat " carbon dioxide and sink to the bottom of the ocean - shelled plankton - are killed by acidity .
The result ?
A sharp acceleration in global warming up here .
There is even a fear the vast amounts of methane stored in the oceans will be destabilised and rise to the surface .
The last time this happened , 55 million years ago , it caused warming so rapid most life on earth died .
Think of it as the fart at the end of the world .
That 's why the biological oceanographer Professor David Hutchins says : " Frankly , ocean acidification is apocalyptic in its impact . "
But remember : these are only some of the effects on the oceans - and the oceans are only one dimension of global warming .
Suddenly the analogy with the al - Qa'ida psychosis does n't seem so extreme .
As the environmental writer Mark Lynas notes : " If we had wanted to destroy as much of life on earth as possible , there would have been no better way of doing it than to dig up and burn as much fossil hydrocarbon as we possible could . "
We need a sea change before the seas change irreversibly .
That 's why I will be going to the Climate Camp .
Where will you say you were when the carbon bomb was fired into the atmosphere ?
-- Johann Hari
©independent.co.uk
Here to work with you
The Office of Communications and Marketing ( OCM ) is dedicated to developing strategies that will continue to elevate UD as a premier research institution .
We aim to help attract the brightest students and most distinguished faculty , and highlight that talent for potential donors .
We encourage college leaders , faculty and staff to discuss their communications needs with their college communications team , who will then engage the Office of Communications and Marketing to determine the best way to proceed .
Likewise , we liaise with communications staff in administrative departments and other offices on campus and encourage staff to funnel requests for communications services through those staff members .
By working together , we can better identify the needs of the unit and the University and develop a strong plan .
To Any Politician Who Gives a ' You Know What : '
Hello .
I am a correspondent with CNN's Anderson Cooper 360 .
My family and I are also residents of Atlanta , Georgia .
My question for you :
Are Atlanta and nearby regional cities such as Charlotte and Nashville part of America ?
The reason I ask is this :
We have almost no gasoline , while almost all other cities in the United States have all the gasoline they want .
We are spending hours cruising the streets and highways looking for gas .
Only a small percentage of stations have fuel and you never know who will have it .
Many gas station owners jack up their prices and scores of vehicles lining up are creating dangerous driving conditions on clogged streets and highways .
People cut in line , either accidentally or on purpose , and tempers flare .
Violence is always a possibility .
Now , I remember back in the early 70's and the late 70's when the whole nation suffered like this .
But we suffered collectively , as a nation .
Now , it 's only our small region of the country suffering .
The experts say it 's because of supply problems as a result of the hurricanes .
Never mind that Houston and Dallas , two cities much closer to Ike have gas .
We are expected to chill and not worry .
I say that because some of our local politicians insist that this is not a major problem and that people are " panicking . "
Hey , I 'm as calm as can be .
But I am angry at the lack of understanding .
I hate to tell you political leaders who do n't drive your own cars all that much , but this is a major problem .
In the last week , I have traveled to Miami , New York City , and Anchorage , Alaska and watched enviously as drivers got gas easily with no wait .
So here 's my thought :
Since we 're all part of America , maybe some of our national politicians can get us some gas .
I figure if this was happening in Washington ( or places like New York or LA ) for that matter , this would n't be allowed to happen .
Meanwhile , maybe some of the politicians in Georgia , Tennessee , and North Carolina , can get a little more worked up - whether they agree or not - about something that is causing much havoc in their states .
If y'all do n't think it worth helping us , perhaps we 'll vote you out .
That is , if we have the gas to make it to the polls .
Sincerely ,
Gary Tuchman
AC360 Correspondent
As Prime Minister Stephen Harper prepares to head North again with more spending announcements in his pocket , the federal New Democrats are saying he should stay home unless the Tories are ready to spend money on the needs of people who actually live in the North .
" The focus on military measures is distracting the government from the crucial initiatives that are needed elsewhere , " said Michael Byers , an academic and Arctic expert who was recently nominated as an NDP candidate from Vancouver .
http://www.ctv.ca/servlet/ArticleNews/story/CTVNews/20080826/ndp_arctic_080826/20080826?hub=Politics
One of the neat features in Common Lisp is that any program can register a new reader macro that will read from the input stream when it sees some character .
A good example of where this is useful and well implemented is Edi Weitz ’s : cl - interpol .
This library allows you to , for any given file , declare that you want to read phrases that begin with #? as a interpolated .
For example : # ? " $ {name} is coming over for $ {event} " #?/\d{3}(-|\.|\s ) \d{3}(-|\.|\s ) \d{4} / ; creates a regular expression
This can be a wonderful time saver and can be quite a bit easier on the eyes than a serious format .
However , these reader syntaxes can be good and bad .
Many library authors include them by default and they are enabled when the package is loaded .
The reader syntaxes are not bound by packages ( because the readtable is global ) .
This has the downside of your code randomly ceasing to work based on some vagary of library load order and which reader syntax you expect to be enabled .
I had problems when loading LISA into an application for the first time because it stomped my : cl - interpol file - level reader declaration and kept stomping it .
No amount of reevalution seemed to provide reliable results as to which of the two syntaxes were enabled .
I finally found where in the LISA config to disable that syntax , which allowed me to work around the conflict .
I had a similar experience when trying to use : cl - mediawiki in a project for the first time .
CL - MediaWiki used to use of the : cl - unification # T reader macro which enabled a template engine to ease unification .
( Now it uses the make - template function ) .
When I added cl- mediawiki to my projects dependancy list and started to use it , it failed utterly .
The reason ?
Apparently Closure - HTML has a reader syntax defined and enabled for # T .
Both of these libraries add this syntax as part of their standard load .
This leaves the end user completely unable to use your library ( or forcing them to patch it ) if it stomps on existing reader - syntaxes that they have enabled .
My suggesstion would be to follow Edi ’s example and allow the end user to enable a syntax on a perfile level ( at least ) and have the syntaxes disabled by default .
This allows the user to decide when and where they use your handy syntax without frustrating them along the way .
Also as best I can tell , following Edi ’s example is always safe and good advise .
By Tom Symonds
BBC transport correspondent
Some 136 passengers were evacuated after January 's crash - landing The BA plane that crashed at Heathrow in January was probably brought down by ice in its fuel system , an accident report says .
The pilots of the Boeing 777 managed to land so that the 136 passengers and 16 crew escaped without serious injury .
The Air Accident Investigation Branch believes the flow of fuel dropped causing the engines to lose power less than a minute before touchdown .
But investigators say they still do not know how the ice could have formed .
Water is naturally present in aviation fuel and the investigators believe there may have been as much as five litres within this aircraft 's fuel load .
But the report says levels of water found in fuel recovered after the 17 January crash were very low for a Boeing 777 .
How accident unfolded
They dismissed the suggestion that the fuel itself froze or became " waxy " as icing occurred .
The report says the plane flew through unusually cold air over Siberia while en route from Beijing to Heathrow .
READ THE REPORT
AAIB Interim report [ 989 KB ]
Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here
The fuel temperature fell to - 34C ( - 29 F ) .
But jet fuel should not freeze until it is at less than - 57C ( - 70 F ) , and the report says the temperatures involved were not " unique " .
The investigation into the crash of flight BA38 continues with testing at Rolls - Royce in Derby , and Seattle in the US , the home of Boeing .
Following Thursday 's report , a spokesman for the US Federal Aviation Administration said it would be issuing an air - worthiness directive to US carriers operating Boeing 777 aircraft .
This was likely to be about " changes in procedures for pilots to follow in certain cold weather conditions " as well as " changes in certain fuel procedures on the ground " , he said .
While it would not be an emergency directive , it was likely to be issued within 24 hours and would have immediate effect .
Fuel and water
Water in aviation fuel can be dissolved at the molecular level , or simply float as free water , suspended in the fuel .
As the fuel gets colder tiny droplets can form and freeze .
The mystery facing investigators is why this might have happened on an apparently fully functioning aircraft .
Water in the fuel is controlled by draining it regularly out of the fuel tanks - and on the Boeing 777 a so - called " scavenge system " pumps it out .
Ice can form when the fuel temperature drops to around - 1C ( 30.2 F ) to - 3C ( 26.6 F )
Generally the ice crystals simply float and drift in the fuel without causing harm .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Within the fuel system a heat exchanger is used to increase the fuel temperature , but it is possible the blockage might have occurred before this point .
The investigation team have built a test rig and introduced pre-prepared ice into the fuel system to see if it would clog up .
But the amounts they had to put in to make this happen were far greater than is normal .
Despite that , the scenarios being considered by the AAIB are based on the idea that the ice formed gradually in the system and was released as the plane prepared for landing .
But the report makes three safety recommendations : that the US Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) and the European Aviation Safety Agency introduce interim measures to reduce the risk of ice forming on the Boeing 777 powered by Trent 800 engines
the agencies should consider the implications for other aircraft types
review the requirements for new engines
This accident remains an enormous challenge for the investigation team .
But their report stresses the rarity of this crash .
' Unique ' situation
It said : " The accident flight was unique in that this has been the only recorded case of a restricted fuel flow affecting the engine performance to the extent of causing HP pump cavitation " - the damage found within the pumps that alerted the investigators to the loss of fuel pressure .
The report goes on : " This is the first such event in 6.5 million flight hours and places the probability of the failure as being ' remote ' . "
In response to the recommendations , the European Aviation Safety Agency said it had agreed with the FAA to " interim measures " for " mandatory aircraft level action " , but gave no further details .
It also said it would examine the other recommendations .
Long - haul flights
An FAA spokesman said it was still studying the report but felt the initial review indicated that the issue appeared to affect only Boeing aircraft with Rolls - Royce Trent engines .
He understood that Boeing was carrying out tests to establish whether other aircraft with other engine combinations could similarly be affected .
He emphasised that shorter - haul aircraft such as Boeing 737s would not be part of the directive as icing was a problem that affected only long - haul journeys .
Flight BA 38 from Beijing was extensively damaged when it touched down on 17 January , landing short of the runway but staying largely intact .
One person suffered a broken leg and others received minor injuries during the emergency evacuation .
1 Aircraft begins descent , entering " hold " area above Lambourne 2
Right engine loses thrust during approach manoeuvres 3
Left engine loses thrust seven seconds later 4 Pilots take action to try to overcome problem 5 Aircraft crashes , bounces and slides before halting near start of runway
Back to story
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
This site is the most amazing and knowledgeable site that I have visited in my lifetime for HR fraternity ( Indian Representation ) .
I have been thru most of the stuff on this site and was very pleased to read it .
I hope this keeps going and updating on timely basis for all to learn new things thru it .
Balkrishna Karpe
Sr Executive - HR
Keystone Solutions Pvt.Ltd. , New Delhi
One of the most useful , well categorized and exhaustive website for any Job interview preparations .
Its a must before any interview , walk - ins , technical as well as HR rounds of interview for both freshers as well as experienced professionals .
I cracked my SAPLabs interview with your help .
Thanx a lot .
Keep doing the good job guys .
Nishant Sharma
Team Leader
Sap Labs , Hyderabad
Being a placement officer is a huge responsibility and I need to make sure most of my students get good job Offers .
This website has been of immense help for all my students in preparing for their college exams , certifications , interviews etc .
Its highly recommended for all students as well as teachers too .
It helped me increase the placements in my college by almost 30 % .
Minal Shah
Placement Officer
BIT Meshra , Ranchi
I was preparing for government jobs and have faced lots of Bank Exams , PO Exams , Govt .
Exams , and finally I got selected as Service Tax Inspector , in Central Excise Department and got my posting in Bangalore .
Thanx to CoolInterview.com , I learnt how to reply to most general questions as well as technical and current affairs questions too .
Very useful website for all .
Bijay Kumar
Service Tax Inspector
Central Excise Department , Bangalore
What do you think ?
I think it looks almost identical to World of Warcraft .
It is the end times .
If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies .
Find more information here .
Who am I ? Kieron Gillen Contributor Kieron Gillen is robo-crazy .
More by me
PLisp
I recently managed to create a disk image of what was apparently the last known copy of P - Lisp on planet earth .
P - Lisp was a 1981 implementation of Lisp that ran on an Apple II .
The disk image itself is here .
The surprisingly painful story of what it took to get the image is here .
And last but not least , documentation can be found here .
If you do n't have an Apple II there are a number of Apple II emulators that you can use .
I like Virtual ] [ .
I used ADTPro to create the image .
Highly recommended .
If you actually want to learn Lisp you should not try to do it using P - Lisp .
It is quite dated , and mostly of historical interest .
Try CLozure Common Lisp instead , and one of these fine books .
This one is particularly good , and available for free on line .
Finally , if you need a USB / RS232 adapter for OS X , you should avoid the IOGear GUC232A like the plague .
The IOGear drivers are perniciously buggy .
I had much better luck with a no - name adapter and the Prolific drivers .
Abstract
This thesis presents a framework for describing optimizations .
It shows how to combine two such frameworks and how to reason about the properties of the resulting framework .
The structure of the framework provides insight into when a combination yields better results .
Also presented is a simple iterative algorithm for solving these frameworks .
A framework is shown that combines Constant Propagation , Unreachable Code Elimination , Global Congruence Finding and Global Value Numbering .
For these optimizations , the iterative algorithm runs in O ( n ^ 2 ) time .
This thesis then presents an O( n log n ) algorithm for combining the same optimizations .
This technique also finds many of the common subexpressions found by Partial Redundancy Elimination .
However , it requires a global code motion pass to make the optimized code correct , also presented .
The global code motion algorithm removes some Partially Dead Code as a side - effect .
An implementation demonstrates that the algorithm has shorter compile times than repeated passes of the separate optimizations while producing run-time speedups of 4 % –7 % .
While global analyses are stronger , peephole analyses can be unexpectedly powerful .
This thesis demonstrates parse - time peephole optimizations that find more than 95 % of the constants and common subexpressions found by the best combined analysis .
Finding constants and common subexpressions while parsing reduces peak intermediate representation size .
This speeds up the later global analyses , reducing total compilation time by 10 % .
In conjunction with global code motion , these peephole optimizations generate excellent code very quickly , a useful feature for compilers that stress compilation speed over code quality .
Last year , the all - important September issues of fashion and beauty magazines such as Condé Nast 's Vogue and Hearst 's Cosmopolitan were thick enough to throw out the backs of mail carriers across the country .
The champ , Vogue , weighed in at a hefty 4.9 pounds , thanks to 725 pages of glossy ads .
It is a different story this year .
As ...
Update ( Oct. 5 , 2010 ) : updated the code to use the current version of Standard Library ( with universe polymorphism ) ; index the environment by typing context .
It has been a typical exercise for beginners to write an evaluator for some variation of λ calculus .
In a recent meeting I talked to my assistants about using dependent type to guarantee that , in an evaluator for λ calculus using de Bruin indices , that variable look - up always succeeds .
The basic idea is to represent the environment using the Vec datatype , and label each λ terms with the number of enclosing λ’s , which must match the length of the environment .
I thought it could also be an easy exercsie for them to write up such an evaluator .
Yet again , things turned out to be just a little bit more harder than I expected , thus I am recording the code here for reference .
I do not remember where I have seen similar code before , but I believe the following is more or less standard .
Evaluating Simply - Typed λ Calculus
Take simply - typed λ calculus with natural numbers as the only base type .
It is common in Haskell to use such a tagged value type :
data Val = Num Int | Fun ( Val -> Val )
However , Val is not a legistimate type in Agda , since recursion occurs in negative position in the case of Fun .
Indeed , Val ->
Val is a “ larger ” type than Val , and we would need a more complicated semantics to accommodate the former into the latter .
Oleg Kiselyov suggested defunctionalising Val .
For example , represent the value as either
data Val = Num Int | Closure [ Val ]
Term
or
data Val n = Num n Int | Closure [ Val m ] ( Val ( n+1 ) )
I may try these alternatives later .
At the time when I wrote the code , the right thing to do seemed to be switching to a tagless representation for values and integrate type checking into the term type .
The type Term Γ a represents a term that , in the typing context Γ , evaluates to a value having type a .
Since we are about to use the de Bruin notation , the typing context is simply a vector of types :
Cxt : ℕ → Set1
Cxt n = Vec Set n
Note that it is a vector storing types ( in Set1 ) rather than values ( in Set ) .
Before Agda introduced universe polymorphism , one would have to use Vec₁ , a Set1 variation of Vec .
The type Term Γ a can then be defined by :
data Term {n : ℕ} ( Γ : Cxt n ) :
Set → Set1 where
lit : ℕ → Term Γ ℕ
var : ( x : Fin n ) →
Term Γ ( lookup x Γ )
_·_ : ∀ {a b} → Term Γ ( a → b ) →
Term Γ a → Term Γ b
add : Term Γ ℕ → Term Γ ℕ → Term Γ ℕ
ƛ : ∀ {a b} → Term ( a ∷ Γ ) b → Term Γ ( a → b )
The type Fin n denotes natural numbers between 0 and n - 1 .
Notice that in a ( de Bruin ) variable var x , the value of x is bounded by n , the length of the typing context .
The lookup function is thus guaranteed to success .
The typing context is extended with one more element within each ƛ .
The type Vec , its look - up function , and the type Fin for bounded natural numbers , are all defined in the standard library :
data Vec {a} ( A : Set a ) : ℕ → Set a where
[ ] : Vec
A zero
_∷_ : ∀ {n} ( x : A ) ( xs : Vec A n ) → Vec A ( suc n ) data Fin : ℕ → Set where
zero : {n : ℕ} → Fin ( suc n )
suc : {n : ℕ} ( i : Fin n ) →
Fin ( suc n ) lookup : ∀ {a n} { A : Set a} → Fin n → Vec A n → A
lookup zero ( x ∷ xs ) = x
lookup ( suc i ) ( x ∷ xs ) = lookup i xs
Now the evaluator .
We need an environment allowing us to store heterogeneous values .
One possibility is to index the environment by typing contexts : given a typing context Γ of length n , Env Γ is essentially a vector of n values whose types match those in Γ :
data Env : {n : ℕ} → Cxt n → Set1 where
[ ] : Env [ ]
_∷_ : ∀ {a n} { Γ : Cxt n} → a → Env Γ → Env ( a ∷ Γ )
Agda allows us to reuse the constructors [ ] and _∷_ .
For an example , 0 ∷ 1 ∷ ( λ v → suc v ) ∷ [ ] may have type Env ( ℕ ∷ ℕ ∷ ( ℕ → ℕ ) ∷ [ ] ) .
We also need a function that looks up an environment :
envLookup : ∀ {n} {Γ : Cxt n} → ( i : Fin n ) →
Env Γ → lookup i Γ
envLookup zero ( v ∷ ρ ) = v
envLookup ( suc n ) ( v ∷ ρ ) = envLookup n ρ
Notice the resulting type lookup i Γ — the type of the i th element in an environment is the i th type in the typing context .
With the setting up , the evaluator looks rather standard :
eval : ∀ {a n} { Γ : Cxt n} → ( ρ : Env Γ ) →
Term Γ a → a
eval ρ ( lit m ) = m
eval ρ ( var x ) = envLookup x ρ
eval ρ ( e₁ · e₂ ) = ( eval ρ e₁ ) ( eval ρ e₂ )
eval ρ ( add e₁ e₂ ) = ( eval ρ e₁ ) + ( eval ρ e₂ )
eval ρ ( ƛ e ) = λ v → eval ( v ∷ ρ ) e
An Environment as a Vector of Type- Value Pairs
In my earlier attempt I tried to reuse the Vec type for the environment as well .
After all , an environment can be seen as a list of ( type , value ) pairs :
Env : ℕ → Set1
Env n = Vec ( Σ Set ( λ a → a ) ) n
where Σ is a pair where the type of its second component may depend on the first .
The two projection functions of a pair are respectively proj₁ and proj₂ .
In Σ Set ( λ a → a ) , the type of the second component is exactly the first , that is , we may have environments like ρ = ( ℕ , 0 ) ∷ ( ℕ , 1 ) ∷ ( ℕ → ℕ , ( λ v → suc v ) ) ∷ [ ] .
To extract the i th value , we simply apply proj₂ ( lookup i ρ ) , which by the definition of Σ has type proj₁ ( lookup i ρ ) .
Applying map proj₁ to ρ gives us the “ typing context ” Env ( ℕ ∷ ℕ ∷ ( ℕ → ℕ ) ∷ [ ] ) .
The eval function now has type :
eval : ∀ {a n} → ( ρ : Env n ) →
Term ( map proj₁ ρ ) a → a
In dependently typed programming , however , it is not always easy to reuse general purpose datatypes .
In this case , the price for reusing Vec and lookup is an additional proof obligation in the var x case of eval :
eval : ∀ {a n} → ( ρ : Env n ) →
Term ( map proj₁ ρ ) a → a
eval ρ ( lit m ) = m
eval ρ ( var x ) rewrite lookup - proj x ρ = proj₂ ( lookup x ρ )
eval ρ ( e₁ · e₂ ) = eval ρ e₁ ( eval ρ e₂ )
eval ρ ( add e₁ e₂ ) = ( eval ρ e₁ ) + ( eval ρ e₂ )
eval ρ ( ƛ e ) = λ v → eval ( ( _ , v ) ∷ ρ ) e
The reason is that the right - hand side , proj₂ ( lookup x ρ ) , has type proj₁ ( lookup x ρ ) , while the type checker , having just matched the var constructor , expects something having type lookup x ( map proj ₁ ρ ) .
We thus have to convince Agda that they are actually the same type :
lookup - proj : ∀ {n} ( x : Fin n ) ( ρ : Env n ) →
lookup x ( map proj₁ ρ ) ≡ proj₁ ( lookup x ρ )
lookup - proj zero ( _ ∷ _ ) = refl
lookup - proj ( suc i ) ( _ ∷ xs ) = lookup - proj i xs
Higher - Order Abstract Syntax
My original purpose was to demonstrate the use of vectors to guarantee static properties .
If we decide not to use de Bruin notation and switch to higher - order abstract syntax instead , we could have a much simpler evaluator :
data Term : Set → Set1 where
lit : ℕ → Term ℕ
var : ∀ {a} → a → Term a
_·_ : ∀ {a b} → Term ( a → b ) →
Term a → Term b
add : Term ℕ → Term ℕ → Term ℕ
ƛ : ∀ {a b} → ( a → Term b ) →
Term ( a → b ) eval : ∀ {a} →
Term a → a
eval ( lit n ) = n
eval ( var v ) = v
eval ( e₁ · e₂ ) = eval e₁ ( eval e₂ )
eval ( add e₁ e₂ ) = eval e₁ + eval e₂
eval ( ƛ e ) = λ x → eval ( e x )
It is a bit odd to me that var and lit are actually the same thing .
Nothing forbids you from writing λ ( \x -> lit x ) or λ( \x -> var 3 ) .
Further Reading
Oleg Kiselyov has written a lot on typed tagless interpreters .
Besides the initial representation above , there is a dual final representation .
The purpose is to experiment with staged interpreters .
Their paper Finally Tagless , Partial Evaluated : Tagless Staged Interpreters for Simpler Typed Languages is a good read which I would recommend to people .
Code
Posted on September 27 , 2008 in Quotes
“ Frankly , I ’ve come to think , post - Kissinger , post - Katie - Couric , that Palin ’s nomination is n’t just an insult to the women ( and men ) of America .
It ’s an act of cruelty toward her as well . ”
— Judith Warner , on her New York Times Blog
See Also : Quote For The Day , Sympathy for Sarah Palin ’s self mockery , What Does Governor Palin Say about her debate next week with Senator Biden ? , The Liberal Palin Pity Party , Lies & Self - Esteem , Baywatch Palin , Palin “ utterly unqualified ” to be vice president , In Honor of Sarah Palin , Dear Veep Candidates , You Suck , Sarah Palin Interview With Katie Couric Videos , and Ask Sarah Palin a question and get an unintelligent response .
[ tags ] judith warner , andrew sullivan , sarah palin , sarah palen , idiot , moron , post - kouric , katie couric , video , youtube , post - kissinger , palin , nomination , vice president , republicans , new york times , conservative [ / tags ]
Scientists at the University of Liverpool have identified an enzyme that could be responsible for a condition called endometriosis – the most common cause of pelvic pain in women .
Endometriosis is a condition whereby patches of the inner lining of the womb appear in parts of the body other than the womb cavity .
It can cause severe pain and affects approximately 15 % of women of reproductive age .
Endometriosis is also associated with infertility , with 50 % of infertile women affected by the condition .
Researchers discovered that an enzyme , called telomerase , is released by cells in the inner lining of the womb during the latter stages of the menstrual cycle in women who are affected by endometriosis .
Telomerase is not commonly found in the cells that make up the body , but is uniquely found in the inner lining of the womb and in some special cells , such as sperm and egg cells .
The enzyme is also found in cancer cells and is thought to be responsible for replicating DNA sequences during cell division in chromosomes .
Dr Dharani Hapangama , from the University ’s Department of Reproductive and Developmental Medicine , explains : “ Endometriosis occurs when cells of the inner lining of the womb are found growing outside of the uterus .
At the time of a woman ’s menstruation cycle these cells , called endometrial cells , are shed and can be expelled into the abdominal cavity .
If these cells continue to live and are implanted in the pelvis and abdomen it can cause severe pain and in serious cases can lead to infertility .
“ We found the telomere – a region at the end of all chromosomes that prevents the chromosome destroying itself during cell division – is abnormally long in women with endometriosis .
During menstruation telomeres normally shorten in length with each cycle of cell division until they reach a certain length at which they can no longer divide .
An enzyme called telomerase can extend the length of the telomeres so that they can continue to divide and this can happen in some special cells such as sperm and egg cells , but not normally in cells that make up the organs of the body .
“ Our research shows , however , that cells in the lining of the womb are unique in that they can express this enzyme in the early stages of the menstrual cycle when cell division is important , but not during the latter stages when implantation of the fertilised embryo becomes a priority .
“ Women who have endometriosis express this enzyme in both the early and late stages of the menstrual cycle which means that the cells will continue to divide and lose their ‘ focus ’ in supporting the establishment of a pregnancy .
As a result the lining of the womb may be more hostile to an early pregnancy , and the cells that are shed at this late stage in the menstrual cycle may be more ‘ aggressive ’ and more able to survive and implant outside the uterus , causing pain in the pelvic or abdomen area . ”
The research will help scientists develop new techniques for diagnosing and treating the condition .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
September 4 , 2008
As Amy Goodwin notes at one minute , thirty seconds into this video , the anarchist RNC “ Welcoming Committee ” will be charged with acts committed by other anarchists , i.e. , the agents provocateurs responsible for most of the violent acts committed during the largely peaceful demonstrations in Minnesota .
As the authorities admit , the activist group in question was infiltrated by the government , thus casting suspicion over the entire case .
The FBI , working closely with local law enforcement , has a long track record of inserting agents provocateurs in activists groups , from black , Indian , and Puerto Rican “ liberation ” movements and antiwar organizations — under COINTELPRO and the CIA ’s Operation Chaos — to the Judi Bari case in the 90s and beyond .
As the ACLU revealed in 2006 , the Pentagon has surveilled Americans opposed to the Iraq war , including Quakers and student groups , and has shared this information with other government agencies through the Threat and Local Observation Notice ( TALON ) database .
As well , the FBI “ has collected extensive information on the tactics , training and organization of antiwar demonstrators and has advised local law enforcement officials to report any suspicious activity at protests to its counterterrorism squads , according to interviews and a confidential bureau memorandum , ” Eric Lichtblau reported in November , 2003 .
In 2004 , the Joint Terrorism Task Force worked with the NSA to monitor antiwar groups , going so far as to document the inflating of protesters ’ balloons .
Law enforcement has an established track record of dispatching agents provocateurs , most notably at the Montebello summit in Ottawa last year .
“ My own knowledge is that the FBI along with other Federal law enforcement agencies has been involved in a campaign of bombing , arson and terrorism in order to create in the mass public mind a connection between political dissidence of whatever stripe and revolutionaries of whatever violent tendencies , ” admitted David Sannes in an interview on WBAI radio .
Sannes worked with the FBI in the 1970s to frame activists .
For a recent example of how far the FBI will go to manufacture terrorist scenarios , consider the case of Miami ’s “ homegrown terrorists , ” charged in a ludicrous plot to bomb a federal building in Miami and the Sears tower in Chicago .
As it turns out , the putative terrorists were framed by the FBI who sent in an agent provocateur claiming to be with al - Qaeda .
“ To obtain money and support for their mission , the conspirators sought help from al - Qaida , ” that is to say the FBI .
“ ( COINTELPRO ) is still in operation today , but under a different code name .
The operation is no longer placed on paper where it can be discovered through the release of documents under the Freedom of Information Act .
A clear example of the FBI ’s continued COINTELPRO is in the FBI ’s alleged involvement in the 1990 bombing of the vehicle occupied by Judi Bari and Darryl Cherney … which was an effort to neutralize [ environmentalist ] Judi Bari , ” writes M. Wesley Swearingen , a retired career FBI agent with first - hand inside knowledge of COINTELPRO , in his book “ FBI Secrets — An Agent ’s Expose . ”
It is significant that the eight members of the RNC Welcoming Committee , who did not actually participate in a crime , will be prosecuted under the 2002 Minnesota version of the federal PATRIOT Act .
This comes at a time when the Violent Radicalization and Homegrown Terrorism Prevention
Act of 2007 is working its way through the Senate after it received almost unanimous support in the House of Representatives .
No doubt the case in Minnesota will provide ample grist for this draconian bill , especially if the government is successful in making its case that the RNC activists are “ homegrown ” terrorists , never mind the accused did not engage in a crime and the government intends to blame them for the violent acts of anarchist agents provocateurs .
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
There is a good reason why John McCain 's campaign is having some trouble with truthiness these days .
McCain 's claim to be a " maverick " rests on the liberal positions he took during the days when he openly fought with Republican leaders and the party 's conservative base .
Because he cannot very well motivate Republicans by reminding them of the times he and they have quarreled , he has to distract and dissemble .
Think of the breaks that McCain has made with Republican orthodoxy .
He joined liberal Russ Feingold and pushed for campaign finance reform — conservatives loathed it .
He was a soldier with Al Gore in the fight against global warming — the oil industry and free market think tanks opposed them .
He and Ted Kennedy helped write a humane immigration bill — the GOP nativists despised him .
He joined with Bob Byrd and six other Democrats to kill a Senate Republican plan to pack the federal judiciary — abortion opponents were furious .
He sided with Tom Daschle 's Democrats and voted against the Bush tax cuts — the antitax groups fumed .
He took on House and Senate Republicans who were trying to bring pork barrel spending to their states — the GOP majority went ballistic .
And he aligned himself with liberal groups like People for the American Way , when denouncing the clout of " evil " evangelical political leaders .
Actions like these endeared McCain to left - leaning journalists and independent voters who were alarmed by the influence of GOP social and religious conservatives .
Even though he was voting with his fellow Republicans 85 percent of the time , McCain built a reputation as a maverick .
Yet , as they prepared for the 2008 presidential race , McCain 's advisers knew they would have to woo those conservatives .
And so they launched what they called " McCain 2.0 " in 2007 .
When Jon Stewart asked McCain last year , " Are you going into crazy base world ? " the celebrated maverick acknowledged , " I 'm afraid so . "
McCain flip - flopped on the Bush tax cuts .
He abandoned immigration reform .
He reached out to Jerry Falwell and other religious conservatives .
It was n't enough .
And so , in a move that even one of his longtime advisers conceded ( in a remark captured by an open microphone ) was disturbingly " cynical , " McCain gave the base Sarah Palin .
Palin was a smart pick .
She juiced up the faithful and pleased the preachers , and the hoopla of her nomination eclipsed the inherent flaws of McCain 2.0 .
But time moves on , and the Palin balloon has lost a little air as Americans have discovered she is a politician — given to flip - flops , fibs , abuse of power , wasteful spending , and the rest of the familiar roster of venal sins that come with the territory .
The focus is moving back to McCain , who has still not resolved the contradictions of his candidacy .
Is he truly a maverick who , like his self - proclaimed hero , Teddy Roosevelt , will govern as a progressive ?
Or will he be beholden , as folks like James Dobson and Rush Limbaugh insist , to the conservative base ?
So far , the main " maverick " actions that McCain has promised as the next Republican president are to trim nonmilitary Democratic spending and continue the Iraq war .
You can't get more conventional than that .
And even that message has been somewhat undermined by disclosures that Palin was a champion of those costly federal earmark projects she has lobbied for in Alaska — where , you know , you can see Russia .
At this point , McCain has taken the obvious way out — launching a series of distracting attacks on Barack Obama , with slim regard for truth .
The ads have spurred a backlash , the consequences ( or lack ) of which may well decide the election .
For 18 months , Obama has wagered all his chips on the ( quaint ? idealistic ? brilliant ? ) idea that the American people are tired of the same old sleazy and divisive politics .
McCain has now chosen to bet against him .
Another US family kills another baby adopted from Russia
A two - year - old baby adopted from Russia by an American family died after his father left him in a car for hours .
Foster father Miles Harrison , 49 , fainted when he found the little boy dead in the back seat of the car outside his office .
The man can be sentenced up to ten years in jail for involuntary manslaughter , The Washington Post reports .
Another US family kills another baby adopted from Russia
The tragedy took place in the beginning of the current week in the town of Herndon .
The man left his adoptive son locked in the car for almost the entire day .
The car heated up because of the hot weather , and the little boy died .
Specialists said that the temperature inside the car could reach 54 degrees C. A spokesperson for the Russian Embassy in the USA said that the embassy was trying to investigate the details of the incident .
Over 376 children have died under similar circumstances since 1998 .
The man ’s wife , Carol Harrison , was also questioned after the baby ’s death .
The police are investigating what was happening prior to the incident and whether it could affect the boy ’s death .
Such incidents , when foster parents kill their adoptive children involuntarily or deliberately , occur in Russia too .
About 1,220 children adopted by Russian citizens have died during the recent 15 years .
Twelve of them were murdered by their foster parents .
More than a hundred incidents of causing grievous bodily harm to children have been registered during the period .
The number of Russian children adopted by Russian citizens has reduced twice during the recent ten years .
The number of children adopted by parents from other countries has increased five times .
Foreigners adopted almost 8,000 children in 2001 , whereas Russians adopted 7,000 .
In 2003 , 71 percent of adopted Russian boys and girls were taken to the USA , 12 – to Spain , 5 percent – to France , 2 percent – to Italy , 2 percent – to Canada , 8 percent – to other countries .
The reasons why people want to adopt children vary .
In the West , most adoptions are between members of the same family , including those by step - parents .
Infertility , however , is the main reason parents seek to adopt children they are not related to .
One study shows this accounted for 80 % of unrelated infant adoptions and half of adoptions through foster care .
Estimates suggest that 11 % - 24 % of Americans who cannot conceive or carry to term attempt to build a family through adoption , and that the overall rate of ever married woman who adopt has been stable at 2 % between 1970 and 1990 .
Other reasons people adopt are numerous although not well documented .
These may include wanting to cement a new family following divorce or death of one parent , compassion motivated by religious or philosophical conviction , to avoid contributing to perceived overpopulation out of the belief that it is more responsible to care for otherwise parent - less children than to reproduce , to ensure inheritable diseases ( e.g. , Tay - Sachs disease ) are not passed on , and health concerns relating to pregnancy and childbirth .
Methods of creating an adoptive family vary by country and sometimes within a country , depending on region .
Jurisdictions have varying eligibility criteria , and may specify such things as minimum and maximum age limits , whether a single person or only a couple can apply , or whether adoption by same - sex couples is possible .
On applying to adopt , the potential adoptive parent (s ) will generally be assessed for suitability .
This can take the form of a home study , interviews , and financial , medical and criminal record checks .
In some jurisdictions , such studies must be carried out by an independent or state authority , while in others , they can be carried out by the adoption agency itself .
Some children are difficult to place in permanent homes through the normal adoption process .
These children are often said to require “ special - needs adoption . ”
In this context , " special needs " can include situations where children have specific chronic medical problems , mental health issues , behavioral problems , and learning disabilities .
Governments offer a variety of incentives and services to facilitate this class of adoptions .
1 . If Congress passes the $ 700 billion bailout plan this would be one of the biggest mistakes ever in the history of the United States .
It blows my mind to think about how we even got into this situation but its probably why I write about the mortgage industry so much .
If this stupid bill gets passed it could ultimately lead to the end of the United States as we know it .
What ’s that you say , the United States ca n’t fail ?
I understand what you are saying .
Hey , do you think you could go over to Europe and talk to somebody from the Roman Empire for me ?
I want you to ask them how the most powerful civilization in the history of the world is doing .
Just one person , that ’s it .
What ’s that ?
There is no Roman Empire anymore ?
How could this be ?
2 . I am not sure on the exact numbers but right now China holds some ridiculous amount of the United States debt .
When we did not have enough money to lend to from within we called up China and they sent us over a bunch of money .
We have been paying interest on that money for quite some time now .
The tricky part of this is that China can “ call ” on that debt to be paid back at any time .
This puts us in quite a predicament because if we could n’t just print up the money in the first place for ourselves how the hell are we going to come up with the money to write a one time lump sum check .
We can’t .
If this stupid bill gets passed , the U.S Government will now have to figure out some way to run the USA on 19 % of the income it gets from income taxes .
Yup , that ’s right .
If this bill gets passed , this bill plus the other expenditures ( Defense Department , Department of Education , Border Patrol , Some War Going On In Iraq , You Get The Picture ) will now assume 81 % of the revenue the IRS collects from taxes .
If this does not get you thinking that we are screwed because we are already trillions of dollars in debt than I do not know what will .
3 . Worst phone call of all time happens the day after the $ 700 billion economic dummy plan gets passed from Chinese President Hu Jintao .
It goes like this .
“ Hey George , its Hu , ” says Hu . “ What up Hu , ” says W. “ I want my money , ” says Hu .
“ We do n’t have your money , ” says W . “ You bankrupt now , ” says Hu. “ Crap , ” says W . “ This better than launching nuclear weapons at you , ” says Hu. “ … , ” says W . Its really that simple .
If this bill gets passed , China can call us up and say they want all of their money paid back the very next day .
Of course we ca n’t pay them , because we are already broke , and now we are even more broke .
Picture the movie “ Pretty Woman ” where Richard Gere buys failing businesses and sells the pieces individually and makes a profit .
We would have to start doing something like that .
Maybe we could sell ( give ) them Alaska or Hawaii to wipe the slate clean .
4 . The only people that win with this bailout is the executives of the mortgage companies and banks that are failing .
They have already made a crap ton of money and now they do not even get a slap on the wrist .
WTF ?
Sure , they get fired , but after making $ 20 million in one year of so called work is not to shabby .
There is no need to ever go back to work .
5 . The tax payers are not going to get any kind of reward from this .
I kept looking at this plan on the NYTimes site and I could not think of how we earn our money back .
The problem is that the system is not going to change at all .
All that happens is that the U.S Government now owns a bunch of crappy mortgage notes that nobody wanted in the first place .
6 . Here is how I believe the U.S Government thinks its going to work in favor for the citizens it cares for .
They buy a mortgage note on a property that has been foreclosed on .
They are telling us that they are going to charge interest on that loan and get paid back that way .
Wait a second .
If nobody was paying that mortgage to begin with how are you going to get paid back now ?
You ca n’t keep charging interest to nobody .
Nobody lives in the home .
The bank does not own the home , the U.S Government now owns the home .
How does the loan get paid back + interest ?
I do not see how this happens .
7 . The only way I see any part of the loan getting paid back is when the property is sold .
Again , how does the U.S Government and the tax payers get paid back and make money ?
They do n’t is the answer .
If nobody wanted to buy the home at a discounted value in the first place , then what makes you think somebody is going to step up and buy this home at what is left on the mortgage .
Here ’s an example .
Somebody bought the home in 2004 for $ 250 k and did 100 % financing .
Times got tough for this couple and they had to foreclose in 2007 because of a loss of job .
They still owe $ 248 k on the home but all of the homes around them are also dropping in value and those homes are all now selling for $ 175 k .
The home could not of been sold before foreclosure because the balance was to high .
Now the Government is going to step in and assume that mortgage note for $ 248 k .
They cannot sell the home for $ 248 k .
The only offers they are getting are for $ 165 k .
In the mean time , somebody needs to be cutting the grass ( costs money ) checking the pipes ( costs money ) and maintaining the house ( costs money ) .
To keep the house from being fined the U.S Government will need to send somebody to do those things so it does not get fined by the local government where the house is .
That is funny .
The “ Local Man ” is sticking it to the “ Federal Man . ”
Anyways , the U.S Government knows they cannot sell the home for what is owed on the house so they sell it for $ 170 k .
This comes out to a $ 248 k – $ 170 k = $ 78 k loss .
The $ 170 k gets paid back to the $ 700 Billion dollar loan but with a huge loss , that did not collect any interest at all .
8 . I do not see how the scenario above does not happen across the board .
People are not going to over pay for a house and if people were smart they would wait until 2010 to buy a home .
At that time most of the damage will be done with foreclosures and property values will probably have leveled off .
Going back to the $ 700 billion dollar dummy loan .
If the U.S Government is going to take a loss on all of these properties and bad mortgages how are they going to make any money .
The $ 700 billion out lie of money will ( if we are lucky ) probably get paid back by 50 % over the next 30 years .
This means that we lost $ 350 billion plus the interest that the U.S Government could have earned in bank accounts of their own over 30 years .
It probably comes out to some ridiculous number like a $ 1 trillion or more .
I think the math looks pretty simple to me , I hope I am missing something .
The housing market is not going to change because of this bill .
The credit markets are going to get tighter .
Less money is going to be lent .
The mortgage companies that are remaining are not going to lend money to people with bad credit .
They know that they are not going to be able to sell that loan on the secondary mortgage market .
So they change all of their underwriting guidelines to make it harder for people to get approved on a mortgage .
By harder , I mean the way it was done for 80 years before 2001 .
There is still plenty of money floating around for people to get a 30 year fixed mortgage .
You just need to have credit scores over 720 , no mortgage lates , money in the bank , and a solid job history .
Its that simple .
Banks will fight over you to do business with you and that ’s the way it should be .
Their will be more mortgage companies going bankrupt even if this $ 700 billion bailout goes through .
There are less first time home buyers in the market .
Many are going to just wait it out as long as the market keeps going down .
There are less people that can qualify when trying to refinance their home .
Many owe more than what their house is worth and no mortgage company will go near that home loan .
Those two examples alone are the bread and butter of the mortgage industry .
No people buying homes and no people refinancing their homes means less business , which means more layoffs , which means more bankrupt mortgage companies .
So , $ 700 Billion does nothing to save the mortgage industry or to keep it going .
All it does is put the U.S Government on the hook for a bunch of crappy loans .
9 . I understand that the whole goal of this is to “ calm the markets . ”
I told myself I was not going to do this but I went and checked out my 401 k statement this morning and it is down 27 % for the year .
It was shocking to say the least .
I was tempted to take it all out of the stocks that I have and put it into the money market that is earning 2 % .
Maybe I ’ll do that and maybe not .
I do not plan on cashing any of that money out for another 30 years ( hopefully there will still be something there ) so it will probably stay .
What worries me is the people that are like my parents age .
In their late 50’s and are living off of the dividends in their 401 k ’s and IRA ’s .
I am sure they are not happy that 27 % of the money they had invested is now gone .
Hopefully they moved it all into a mutual fund when they retired so they are not affected by this change in the market .
The market will always have its ups and downs .
Yesterday the market had its biggest one day loss in its history .
Everybody was assuming that the $ 700 billion dummy plan was going to get passed so investors were assuming what was a safe bet to make on stocks .
The market had already planned for it to go through so value was still there .
When it did not get passed in afternoon trading people started jumping ship .
It was not expected .
This morning , the market is up over 2 % from its 7 % loss yesterday .
What is happening is people know if they start buying today they are going to get a big discount on stock prices .
Its simple “ Buy Low , Sell High . ”
The market will correct itself but it does not need the U.S Government doing anything .
10 .
I really hope that this $ 700 billion economic bailout does not get passed .
It would mean that my generation would be paying on it until I am retired .
If you look at the wording in the bill , at year 5 there is this statement that baffles me .
It says something like “ If this bill is not working in the tax payers favor we can make changes to benefit them . ”
That statement scares the crap out of me .
Throw in the towel now before it gets even worse .
The U.S Government is working our country to being bankrupt .
Do not think it ca n’t happen .
I wonder what Barack Obama and John McCain are thinking right now .
It sure would be an accomplishment to be the President that was able to work us out of one of the toughest times in U.S History .
Its sad that it is tough because all of this we put on ourselves .
The Iraq War , Housing Crisis , all from the U.S Government .
Every time I start thinking about this election year and what is going to happen after it I wish there was something more I could do to spread the message about Ron Paul .
He was our only shot and the average American did not take the time to educate themselves about the important issues .
I hope that this $ 700 billion economic bailout does not go through for the future of all American citizens .
Teenage Girls Exposed to Hormone Altering Chemicals During Critical Development of Reproductive System
A new study on teenagers and toxic chemicals was released by the Environmental Working Group ( EWG ) , and it has some very disturbing implications .
Laboratory tests revealed that adolescent girls across America are contaminated with chemicals commonly used in cosmetics and body care products .
The study of 20 teens found an average of 13 different hormone - altering chemicals in their bodies .
The laboratory tests found 16 chemicals from 4 different chemical families – phthalates , triclosan , parabens , and musks – in the blood and urine samples of the girls .
Studies have linked these chemicals to potential health effects , including cancer and hormone disruption .
This work represents the first focused look at exposure data for parabens in teens , and indicates that young women are widely exposed to this common class of cosmetic preservatives , with methylparaben and propylparaben detected in every single girl tested .
Every single girl tested had detectable levels of toxic cosmetics chemicals in their blood or urine !
How is this possible ?
Federal statutes do not require companies to test products or ingredients for safety before they are sold .
Nearly all personal care products contain ingredients that have not been assessed for safety by an accountable agency , and are not required to meet safety standards .
Manufacturers can use almost any chemical they want in their products !
Nearly all personal care products contain ingredients that have not been assessed for safety by an accountable agency , and are not required to meet safety standards .
in their products !
Adolescent girls typically experiment with increasing numbers and varieties of body care products .
The girls studied used an average of 17 personal care products each day , while the average adult woman uses an average of only 12 products daily , increasing their exposure to these chemicals .
.
The girls studied used an average of 17 personal care products each day , while the average adult woman uses an average of only 12 products daily , increasing their exposure to these chemicals .
The Toxic Substances Control Act , which regulates all industrial chemicals in the United States , was created over 30 years ago , and it assumes chemicals in everyday products are innocent until proven guilty .
The products we use every day can contain thousands of ingredients that have never been tested for safety .
.
The products we use every day can contain thousands of ingredients that have never been tested for safety .
The personal care products industry polices itself through an industry panel called the Cosmetic Ingredient Review ( CIR ) .
This is an industry - funded panel of scientists that has reviewed only 11 % of all ingredients in cosmetics .
An investigation found that the panel ignores serious health concerns such as cancer , birth defects , and hormone disruption , and finds more than 99 % of ingredients reviewed safe as used .
Companies are not bound by the panel ’s restrictions or recommendations , so compliance is entirely voluntary .
“ Hormone - altering chemicals should n’t be in cosmetics , especially in products used by millions of teenage girls .
Their bodies are still developing and may be especially vulnerable to risks from these exposures .
Most parents do n’t know that the eyeliner , lipstick or shampoo they allow their daughters to use probably contains at least one chemical linked to a number of serious health concerns .
Teenage girls are at a particularly vulnerable age and these exposures could trigger a subtle sequence of damaging effects that leads to health problems later in life . ” – Rebecca Sutton , Ph.D , author of the report and Staff Scientist at EWG
The Environmental Working Group has put together a shoppers guide to safer cosmetics to print out and take shopping with you , and a searchable cosmetics safety database to help guide purchasing of clean personal care and cosmetics products .
EWG ’s safer shopping tips :
Use fewer , simpler products
Do n’t trust claims like “ dermatologist - tested , ” “ natural , ” or “ organic . ”
Read the ingredient label instead
Take label warnings seriously .
They indicate hazardous chemicals .
Related posts about Environmental Working Group :
Image : frida27ponce on Flickr under Creative Commons License
JULY 28 -- Meet Spencer Taylor .
The Michigan man , 20 , was arrested early yesterday morning for allegedly trying to steal Batman posters and other collectibles from a theater showing ' The Dark Knight . '
As can be seen in his mug shot , Taylor went to the Three Rivers Cinema multiplex in costume as the Joker .
According to cops , he was charged with larceny and malicious destruction of property , and had to pose for booking photos in and out of character .
( 2 pages )
" The PM is not endorsing a candidate , and never would , " said a spokesman .
" As he has made clear when asked on a number of occasions , the election is a matter for the American people , and he looks forward to working closely with whoever is the next President across a range of areas of common interest .
There are times when I venture out into real world situations where I for some reason expect to see big breasts everywhere .
My first assumption led me to believe that my brain has been corrupted by internet pornography but then I realized that even as a teen I had high hopes to see boobs at certain places .
Unfortunately for me the real world seldom lives up to my expectations .
Below I 've made a list of the top 5 places I expect to see big boobs but get nothing .
# 5 - Hooters
I had to start out this article with a little bit of controversy to catch your attention .
Still , I 've been to my fair share of Hooters restaurants over the course of my life and I have to say that more often then not , the Hooters waitresses are n't filling out their tops as much as I 'd like to imagine .
When I go to a place called Hooters I expect to see ladies with double D breasts wearing oil soaked white tops , doing everything they can to earn my tip .
Lets just say I often leave that place unfulfilled .
Their billboards and swimsuit competitions does n't exactly represent the real girls all that well either .
At least my belly always gets filled with hot wings .
# 4 - My Friend 's House Maybe I 've just been visiting Mommy Got Boobs too much , but I 've come to expect that my friends mothers are horny older women with big boobs who will seize any opportunity to get into my pants .
So far the mothers I 've encountered are nothing like that and are usually not very attractive at all .
What gives ?
I do n't even think I would sleep with them if the opportunity was there .
Ok , just kidding .
Of course I would .
However , just once I wish I 'd meet someone who had a mother with large breasts that were n't sagging down to her hips .
# 3 - The Office I work in the Boobie Cave so I do n't really have too much interaction with the world of water cooler talk and cubicles .
I do occasionally venture into this foreign place when I have to and I 'm often left disappointed .
A couple of times the secretary of whatever big shot I 'm there to meet are n't very busty at all .
Sometimes they are hot , I 'll give them that , but never the combination of hot , busty and willing to show it off .
What 's the point of having a secretary if she is n't busty and willing to give blowjobs under the desk ?
I mean , that would be the only reason for me to switch the Boobie Cave for a conventional office .
# 2 - On
The Airplane I know this might be hard to believe with today 's cheap airlines and all , but there was actually a time when air stewards were smoking hot ladies providing excellent service .
Not that I 'm old enough to have actually experienced those times but I like to believe the airlines used to have a team of voluptuous models ready to take care of my every need the moment I board the plane .
Usually I end up with a gang of middle aged ladies who do n't look good by any standard and a gay man .
Due to an airline screw up I was lucky enough to fly business class a couple of months ago and I did notice the stewardesses looked way better in there so I assume the rich get the " good ol days " treatment .
Time for you guys to start clicking my ads more .
# 1 - The Hospital Luckily I do n't frequent the hospital much so that 's probably why I have an unrealistic view of what to expect there .
Most of my interaction with nurses is by watching Busty Nurses 23 so when I had problems with my appendix a while back and had to stay in the hospital over night I was certain a busty nurse would enter the room to moisturize on my penis .
The closest experience to that was when a fat nurse squeezed my stomach until I passed out from the pain .
Maybe next time ?
Canada 's election watchdog is probing whether a vote - swapping group set up on Facebook is illegal or just strategic voting .
The online group , titled " Anti-Harper Vote Swap Canada , " is trying to match Canadians who are willing to swap votes to keep the Conservatives from winning a majority in the Oct. 14 federal election .
More than 1,200 people had become members of the group by early Friday evening , two days after its creation .
Chief electoral officer Marc Mayrand said Friday that Elections Canada is looking into the scheme .
In an interview with Canadian Press , Mayrand said it may be nothing more than " organized strategic voting , " but it could also fall afoul of a law prohibiting people from selling votes or accepting bribes for them .
" Right now , we have very little information , " Mayrand said about the group .
The group lists 41 ridings likely to be tight races and encourages members to swap votes in order to stop Tories from winning those seats .
Winnipeg South is cited as an example .
In that riding , the Liberals have a better chance of beating the Conservatives than the NDP do , so an NDP supporter could agree to vote Liberal in exchange for a Liberal voting NDP in rural Alberta , where the Liberals do n't stand a chance .
" In terms of morality — yes , this is a perfectly moral thing to do , " Mat Savelli , who is listed as the administrator of the group , wrote on Thursday .
" We are all simultaneously choosing the lesser evil while still supporting the party we believe in , " he said in response to a post that questioned the morality of the group 's tactics .
Savelli said he got the vote - swapping idea from American friends who saw it become popular on various websites during the 2000 presidential election campaign .
U.S. courts cleared the way for the practice despite protests and attempts to get rid of such sites .
Under the Canada Elections
Act , it is an offence to offer or take a bribe for a vote or improperly provide or be in the possession of a ballot .
In a monumental ruling , a British jury acquitted six Greenpeace activists of criminal damage charges stemming from what the activists said was an attempt to shut down a coal - fired power plant .
The jury decided that the activists ’ action was justifiable because the plant , which emits 20,000 tons of CO2 every day , will hold some blame for immense damage caused by global warming in the future .
[ social_buttons ]
The ruling goes against years of convictions for similar actions and essentially praised the activists for their help in preventing global warming .
To make their case , the defense argued that much of the lower - altitude areas that surround the plant could eventually be submerged in water from the effects of climate change .
The court allowed scientific experts to present the case , including a NASA climate expert , the British Conservative Party ’s environmental adviser , and an Inuit leader from Greenland .
James Hanson , the NASA representative , told the jury that global warming would cause the extinction of one million species worldwide and that the Kent power plant ’s emissions would be responsible for 400 of the extinctions .
Five of the six activists scaled the plant ’s 650 - foot smokestack in October last year to paint “ Gordon ” on the exterior wall .
Prime Minister Gordon Brown plans to build new coal - fired plants across England , including another in Kent .
“ This verdict marks a tipping point for the climate change movement , ” said Ben Stewart , one of the Greenpeace activists .
“ If jurors from the heart of Middle England say it ’s legitimate for a direct action group to shut down a coal - fired power station because of the harm it does to our planet , then where does that leave government energy policy ? ”
Photo Credit : Greenpeace.italia on Flickr via Creative Commons license .
Other Stories Related to Greenpeace Activism :
Tanning Bed to Troopergate : Palin Aides Kept Scrambling Questions over tanning bed in governor 's mansion latest frenzy for aides .
Sept. 16 , 2008  --
" It 's vetting gone haywire , " said Gov. Sarah Palin 's beleaguered press secretary , Bill McAllister , as he dealt with a new round of questions about the governor -- this time about a tanning bed installed in the governor 's mansion in Juneau .
In the 2 ½ weeks since Palin was named to the GOP ticket , McAllister 's phone has been ringing off the hook from national reporters who have descended on the state to look into the background of the governor .
Monday , US Weekly and a blog , NarcoNews , reported that " the former beauty queen 's penchant for a bronzed body " led to the installation of a " private tanning bed " shortly after she took office .
" She paid for it herself , " said McAllister from his Anchorage office .
He told ABC News he had " no idea " why she had installed the machine but confirmed it was installed in the mansion .
An online search showed tanning beds for sale at a wide range of prices , starting at around $ 1,000 and going as high as $ 35,000 .
McAllister said he did not know what Palin had paid for her tanning bed .
Later in the day , McAllister was dealing with the continued fallout from a Alaska state legislative investigation into what has been called " troopergate . "
After first volunteering to testify before a bipartisan committee investigating whether she abused her power by demanding that her former brother - in - law be fired from the state police , Palin now says she is " unlikely " to appear .
The investigation began after she fired Alaska Public Safety Commissioner Walt Monegan .
Monegan said he was fired after resisting pressure to fire the brother - in - law who was going through a messy divorce with Palin 's sister .
McAllister has apparently been cut out of the loop by McCain campaign aides who have taken charge of the " troopergate " issue while leaving the tanning bed questions to him .
" There 's some press conference going on somewhere right now , but I do n't know where or with whom , " McAllister said Monday .
Click Here for the Investigative Homepage .
Nobody knows if Bisphenol - A is safe for children
Protecting industry , not consumers
FDA decisions are based on fiction , not fact
Eating hamburgers is a thousand times worse for your health
( Natural News )
In a move that surprised no one , the FDA has aligned itself with the chemical industry and declared that Bisphenol - A , a plastics chemical previously linked to neural defects , is safe enough for babies to drink !
Echoing the profit - minded desires of the chemical companies that manufacture plastic products , the FDA said in a draft report that the chemical poses no harm to adults or infants when consumed at typical exposure levels .
This is no surprise to anyone who has watched the FDA for very long :
The agency 's decisions are almost unanimously in favor of private industry and almost never seek to protect the public from exposure to dangerous chemicals , pharmaceuticals or food ingredients .
The FDA , it could be reasonably stated , has flatly abandoned the public and sold out to the very industries it is supposed to regulate .
Several months ago , The National Toxicology Program ( part of the National Institutes of Health ) issued a report that warned Bisphenol - A could cause neural problems and behavioral problems in infants and children .
That report contributed to a wave of concern that resulted in the following : • Toys 'R Us removed plastic baby bottles from store shelves , resorting to BPA - free bottles . •
The BornFree company ( www.NewBornFree.com ) experienced a surge in sales of its BPA - free baby bottles . •
The Nalgene company completely abandoned the use of Bisphenol - A in its plastics , rolling out a BPA - free product line . •
Wal - Mart announced it would stop carrying many products containing Bisphenol - A • The State of California proposed legislation that would have banned food and beverage products containing Bisphenol - A . Under pressure from the chemical industry , however , that legislation failed to pass .
Even the FDA had to admit , in its draft report , that " complete certainty of absolute harmlessness is scientifically impossible to establish . "
In other words , .
Yet interestingly , they 've decided to give it their stamp of approval anyway , potentially exposing tens of millions of children to a chemical that may cause neural development problems .
This does not seem to concern the FDA .
Or at least it does not seem to outweigh the influence and pressure from the plastics industry , which is of course claiming the chemical is absolutely harmless .
Is this yet another example of the FDA selling out to industry ?
On the surface , it certainly seems so .
Even the Environmental Working Group ( www.EWG.org ) strongly criticized the FDA 's report , saying " We have long since lost faith in FDA 's ability to be an impartial authority on FDA 's safety .
Time and again , FDA has sided with special interests instead of the public interest on this chemical .
" The FDA , you see , has a long and well - documented history of erring on the side of disaster .
Rather than taking the default position that a possibly harmful chemical with unknown exposure levels should be restricted from the food supply until further research is done , the FDA does the opposite :
It declares the chemical to be safe until evidence proves it to be dangerous .
This is a reckless strategy that will only lead to disaster for the health of the population .
It is my belief that , and they should only be allowed in the food supply ( via food packaging , beverage bottles , etc. ) if they are proven safe with overwhelming scientific evidence .
So how much scientific evidence does the FDA have right now , demonstrating Bisphenol - A to be safe on human babies ?.
All they have is a LACK of evidence showing the chemical to be dangerous .
And that 's not sufficient scientific support upon which decisions about toxic chemical exposure should be made .
The Environmental Working Group issued a statement strongly criticizing the FDA 's assessment of Bisphenol - A safety .
The original statement is found at http://www.ewg.org/node/27024 and says : 1 . The FDA limited its assessment to studies that conformed to rigid , 50 - year old study designs that feed animals high amounts of BPA and analyze the animals for overt signs of poisoning and toxicity .
FDA admits in their assessment that , behavior and the reproductive system .
Notably , the only studies that conformed to these 50 - year old study designs , were those funded by industry .
2 .
By adhering to what it euphemistically calls studies that follow " good laboratory practices , " , including many funded by the National Toxicology Program , showing toxic effects of BPA at very low doses .
3 . FDA 's so called 2,000 - fold margin of safety evaporates if current exposures are compared to any of the low dose studies , particularly the 12 studies the National Toxicology Program highlights in their April 14 , 2008 BPA assessment as raising concerns for the safety of infant exposure to BPA.4. FDA 's exposure calculations .
They calculate formula intake for the average infant instead of focusing on babies who eat the most , thus underestimating risks for half of all infants .
They also assume that liquid formula has 2.5 parts per billion ( ppb ) BPA , even though their own testing of just 14 liquid formulas found up to 5 times more than this ( 13 ppb ) .
These errors contradict the accepted risk assessment practice of focusing on risks to the most highly exposed population .
FDA claims that its analysis was comprehensive , but in reality it underestimates risks to the most vulnerable infants by a wide margin .
So once again , we have the FDA putting the public in harm 's way , betraying the public trust and siding with the chemical industry on a decision that deserves a whole lot more scrutiny .
Are plastics really dangerous for your health ?
I suspect they are , but regardless of what I think , the FDA needs to , not on the side of industry .
Regardless of the question on plastics , I do have to say , for the record , that people tend to focus their fears and concerns on the wrong things when it comes to health .
I 've seen people drinking water out of glass bottles and thinking it 's really good for their health , but they 're eating hamburgers and french fries at the same time !
I can assure you that eating hamburgers is a whole lot more dangerous for your health than drinking a microscopic amount of BPA from a plastic bottle .
I even drink out of plastic when I 'm traveling , and I 'm not the least bit concerned about it .
For a healthy person , a little exposure to plastic is n't going to kill you .
( For infants and babies , of course , it 's a different story . )
Taking FDA - approved pharmaceuticals , on the other hand , may indeed kill you .
And eating fast food , junk food and processed food will kill you in the long run , too .
But drinking a few molecules of BPA from your plastic bottle is , in my opinion , of relatively little concern compared to all the other ways consumers are drowning themselves in poison .
Most people need to stop worrying about plastic and One barbequed steak contains a million times the cancer - causing residue of a plastic bottle ( estimated ) .
Regular use of conventional skin creams , in my opinion , is also a million times more toxic than drinking from plastic water bottles .
Plastic residue is n't killing even close to the number of people as processed food , dangerous medications and toxic personal care products .
People drink soda out of aluminum cans and do n't think twice about it .
They microwave their foods and destroy their nutrients without a hint of awareness .
They eat processed meats laced with cancer - causing nitrites and have n't a clue .
They swallow extremely dangerous medications that double , triple or quadruple their risks of heart attacks , strokes and liver damage .
So why do people get so riled up over plastic bottles ?
Because it's in the mainstream consciousness !
But in my opinion , it 's nowhere near as important as talking about food additives , food irradiation , artificial sweeteners , hydrogenated oils , MSG , aspartame , the milling of grains and dozens of other far more dangerous things in the food supply .
And that 's not to even mention what 's in the cosmetics and personal care products , which is some of the most toxic stuff you 'll ever find .
I can tell you this :
If you drink nothing but superfoods out of plastic bottles , you will still experience outstanding health .
But if you drink junk beverages and liquid sugars out of GLASS bottles , you will destroy your health .
The bottle itself is not nearly as important as what 's IN the bottle .
Remember that the next time you get excited over BPA .
Concerns over health need to be properly prioritized , and drinking water out of plastic bottle is , in my view , very low on the list of health concerns we should be paying attention to .
We have many options through online stores in Australia .
We can have clothing items , accessories and lifestyle products from just any store we need .
Most of the products that are available online may not be the ones that are commonly available locally .
That is the reason people look for the perfect deals through online stores .
There are many things that these stores offer before these are available anywhere else .
So we can surely find some of the top deals when we are shopping online .
There are various product categories as we can see on the same shop or the online store because the brands that deal in one type of products may also offer some other related to some common things that people would be interested in buying them .
So we can see that when we start exploring brands offering clothing items and accessories or shoes and bags we may come across the names including Carhartt , and others like Maison Balzac that offer their products from the top rated and most trusted online stores .
So when comparing the things that are offered by the Stone Island and the similar brands online in Australia that is Cecilie Copenhagen and Apiece Apart we may see similarities in the type of products they offer .
But it is of course a fact that the products mostly are in different styles .
The clothing items by the top brands could be evaluated and are guaranteed by the brand providing them that is why the customers rely on buying things from such stores and will surely prefer in buying any kinds of things or products from them online .
Whether we look at the Bao Bao Issey Miyake products and the various brands or products offered by Comme des Garcons Play we can see they are focusing on quality and the most related niches they need is that they offer clothing brands and items and other things made of canvas and similar materials .
In different brands like Acne Studios , the various brand products in Rag & Bone and the other options like apc offer the clothing , personal accessories , and the lifestyle items .
Though personal items are in the same niche and home needs are different but these things are offered alongside each categories as somehow these are related to the life of the customers .
When people have to buy clothes they will be buying shoes and matching accessories in the same way if they are buying home decore they can buy bed sheets as well .
By KHUSHWANT SACHDAVE , Daily Mail
Last updated at 22:27 23 July 2006
To the 12 - year - old friends planning to build themselves a den , the cherry tree seemed an inviting source of material .
But the afternoon adventure turned into a frightening ordeal for Sam Cannon , Amy Higgins and Katy Smith after they climbed into the 20ft tree - then found themselves hauled into a police station and locked in cells for up to two hours .
Their shoes were removed and mugshots , DNA samples and mouth swabs were taken .
Officers told the children they had been seen damaging the tree which is in a wooded area of public land near their homes .
Questioned by police , the scared friends admitted they had broken some loose branches because they had wanted to build a tree house , but said they did not realise what they had done was wrong .
Officers considered charging the children with criminal damage but eventually decided a reprimand - the equivalent of a caution for juveniles - was sufficient .
Although the reprimand does not amount to court action and the children do not have a
criminal record , their details will be kept on file for up to five years .
The parents of the children , who all live in Halesowen , West Midlands , say they are angry with police for treating their children as hardened criminals and accused officers of over - reacting .
The three , who have never been in trouble with the police before , were described as well - behaved and placid by their parents .
Amy 's mother , Jacqueline , said
her daughter was left so traumatised by the police action last month she refused to sleep in her bed for a week .
Miss Higgins , 37 , an office manager , added : ' Amy was scared bucketloads to be locked up in a cell knowing murderers and rapists have been sat in the same cells .
The police action was completely unbalanced .
These were children playing in a tree .
' The information taken by the police will be held on record for five years and Amy is worried it could affect her going to college or university . '
Sam 's father , Nicholas , 52 , said : ' The children did not deserve to be treated in the way they were .
A simple ticking - off by officers would have been sufficient .
' The children did n't realise they were doing anything wrong , they did n't deliberately set out to damage the tree .
' Sam 's eyes were swollen and red when they let him out of the cell as he had been crying .
He is a placid child and has never been in trouble before .
' When I got the phone call from the police to say Sam was in custody I thought he'd done something - like steal something from a shop .
I could n't believe it when he said all he had done was break some loose branches off a tree .
' To detain them , DNA them and treat them that way was simply cruel and an over - reaction by the police .
Generations of children have played in that tree and my son and his friends wo n't be the first to have thought of building a tree den . '
Mr Cannon , who said Sam had difficulty sleeping shortly after the incident , has written to the police to complain about the action taken .
Superintendent Stuart Johnson , operations manager at Halesowen police station , said : ' I support the actions of my officers who responded to complaints from the public about " kids destroying " an ornamental cherry tree by stripping every branch from it , in an area where there have been reports of anti-social behaviour .
' A boy and two girls were arrested and received a police reprimand for their behaviour .
' West Midlands Police deals robustly with anti-social behaviour .
By targeting what may seem relatively low - level crime we aim to prevent it developing into more serious matters . '
Rod Morgan , chairman of the Youth Justice Board for England and Wales , said the police action appeared to be unnecessary .
' It 's my opinion that too many children are being criminalised for behaviour that could be dealt with informally by ticking them off and speaking to their parents . '
Our server was hacked and code was injected into it to make connections on our behalf to pinoc.org and download a trojan called JS / Tenia.d
For more information about this trojan : http://us.mcafee.com/virusInfo/default.asp?id=description&virus_k=146254
If you visited linuxmint.com in the last two days we recommend you scan your computer to make sure this trojan is n’t present .
As this attack exploited vulnerabilities within our PHP code we took the opportunity to clean it all and secure every single page against injections in the future .
Linuxmint.com is now clean and secure but we experienced almost 20 hours of downtime and we lost almost 2 days of work into fixing this .
I personally received a lot of emails from the community , warning us about the problem .
I have n’t had time to reply but I would like to thank the people who came forward .
If you observe a problem in the future please do not hesitate to report it .
I ’d also like to thank Michael ( d00 p ) and Mats ( husse ) for the help they gave me on this .
Husse , as always , catches my attention on what matters and if it was n’t for d00 p , our domain would still be down right now .
I also apologize for the downtime and for the inconvenience .
Comments and questions are welcome .
In the mid-1980s , many Americans began to worry that religious pressures were slowly distorting American institutions .
The growing political influence of the religious right made many fear values of mutual respect and equality might be forgotten in the country 's zeal for religious solidarity .
In addressing this sense of alarm , the political philosopher John Rawls ( 1921-2002 ) invoked the history of the Weimar Republic , saying that things go from bad to worse when intellectuals are unwilling to address the urgent issues of their time .
In " Political Liberalism " ( 1993 ) , he resolved to do just that .
Rawls was already famous for " A Theory of Justice " ( 1971 ) , one of the philosophical classics of the 20th century , which set out basic principles for a just society .
Such a society , he argued , would commit itself to the greatest possible liberty that is compatible with a like liberty for all , and would also permit economic inequality only when that raised the level of the least well - off .
Rawls never withdrew or in any major way altered the principles for which he had argued in that work .
He also continued to endorse its most innovative philosophical device , the " Original Position , " according to which political principles are imagined as selected by rational agents who are deprived of all information about their place in society ( wealth , class , race , gender , religion , etc. ) that would bias the design of principles in favor of their own situation .
Rawls remained unswervingly committed to impartiality and equal respect as core political values , and to the selection procedure based upon these values .
In light of the growing religious presence in American public life , however , Rawls felt the need to augment and revise his great work , attempting to show people with deep religious convictions that they had good reason to accept principles that guaranteed liberty and fairness to all .
The fruits of Rawls 's decade of reflection on this problem became " Political Liberalism , " a book less famous today than " A Theory of Justice , " but even more urgently relevant for our own time , as we struggle , once again , with problems of religious solidarity and equal respect .
Rawls 's " Political Liberalism " asks an urgent question : Can liberal constitutional democracy , built on values of mutual respect and reciprocity , be stable , or even survive , in a world of religious and secular pluralism ?
Or , to use his words , " [ H ] ow is it possible for there to exist over time a just and stable society of free and equal citizens who remain profoundly divided by reasonable religious , philosophical , and moral doctrines ? "
Rawls puts the question in this way  " how is it possible "  because he is not convinced that such a thing is possible .
Indeed , the introduction he added to the paperback edition of 1996 expresses real anguish on that score .
The events of the twentieth century , he says there , raise real doubts about the fate of justice in this world .
But if the question cannot be answered in the affirmative , and people are largely amoral and self - centered , then " one might ask with Kant whether it is worthwhile for human beings to live on the earth . "
We must therefore , he says , begin " with the assumption that a reasonably just political society is possible , " and with the related assumption that human beings have enough of a moral nature that they can be moved by considerations of fairness and respect .
Beginning from such assumptions , he sets out to produce a plausible blueprint for an affirmative answer to the question of political stability .
The central political principles of " A Theory of Justice " remain constant in " Political Liberalism , " but the problem of stability gives them a new shape .
Rawls now urges that we must not attempt to ground political principles in any doctrines , whether metaphysical or epistemological or religious , that are controversial among the religious and secular views of life that reasonable citizens hold .
So , for example , we would be ill advised to base our political principles on the idea of the immortal soul , or the idea of " self - evident " truth , since many citizens do not accept such ideas .
We can , however , Rawls thinks , argue for political principles in a thinner way , using ethical notions that are not inseparable from controversial religious doctrines .
Political principles , so understood , will not be separate from the rest of what religious and secular citizens believe .
Instead , they will constitute a realm of overlap among all the " comprehensive doctrines " in the envisaged society  at least all those that are " reasonable , " by which Rawls means willing to respect the equal dignity of all citizens .
Each religious or secular doctrine will accept the political principles , and the independent moral arguments that ground them , as one part or " module " in their overall view of life , though most at this point will connect them to deeper metaphysical ideas and arguments .
At the same time , citizens will also endorse the political conception as the basis for a mutually respectful and reciprocal life with one another .
Thus the public realm is a realm in which we join hands and talk a common language .
A key part of what we say in that language is that we agree to allow one another plenty of space to pursue the rest of what our sense of life 's meaning requires of us .
I have described Rawls 's ideas abstractly because they are , in fact , highly abstract .
Rawls believed that philosophy 's contribution to politics ought to be made in this way .
Abstract models of an ideal can be extremely valuable as targets on which to fix our attention , as we try to make the world that way , rather than its current way or some worse way .
Rawls knew that for this reason his book would strike many readers as " abstract and unworldly . "
But he then says : " I do not apologize for that . "
He was right not to apologize , since he has produced a work that shows how the basic value of equal respect for persons can generate workable political principles that can help us live well together , without domination and with plenty of space for self - expression and personal commitment , in the heterogeneous and sometimes divided societies in which , today , all human beings live .
More than any other modern work of political philosophy , " Political Liberalism " carries forward one 's hope for humanity in an era of religious and ideological turmoil .
Ms. Nussbaum is the Ernst Freud Distinguished Service Professor of Law and Ethics at the University of Chicago , and the author , most recently , of " Liberty of Conscience : In Defense of America 's Tradition of Religious Equality . "
Generally speaking , refrigerators are not all that exciting unless you 're packing in a draught beer system or it is camouflaged for secret office drink parties .
However , Sub - Zero models are usually loaded with all kinds of useful features , and their newest model is no exception .
It features a NASA designed filtration system that replenishes the air every 20 minutes while eliminating bacteria , odors , and microscopic contaminants .
That means food will stay fresher for a longer period of time ( and your fridge wo n't smell like an open sewer ) .
The Built - In Fridge series is slated for a fall release in an array of styles , but no pricing details have been announced .
[ Sub - Zero via BKDI ]
In an age where it seems as though computers are starting to run the world , there ’s no doubting the fact that businesses need to be on the cutting edge of technology to survive .
If you ’ve found that your business is falling behind the times with tech , then it ’s time for a digital transformation .
In this article , we ’ll take a quick look at what turning your company into a digital enterprise may mean for your business .
We ’ll provide you with a quick guide to digitizing your business so that you know what pieces of this puzzle you need to acquire .
CRM
The first thing that you need as a business is a CRM tool .
CRM stands for customer relationship management .
In short , a CRM tool is a software product that helps you manage each stage of a company ’s lifecycle .
Think of it this way .
When marketing engages one of the target prospects in your industry , they need to record that activity somehow .
And when they pass that lead on to sales , that also has to be done in a documented fashion so that sales knows that they need to follow up on that lead .
Lastly , when a salesperson is executing steps to close a deal with that prospect , upper - level management also needs visibility into that process so that they can identify what sales motions are working in the industry .
Without a CRM tool , there ’s practically no way to see any of that .
Your CRM will function as a system of record for all of your engagements with your prospects and customers .
You ’ll be able to track every step of a customer ’s journey from cold lead to happy customer .
To make your CRM more actionable , you can also leverage sales engagement platform .
Sales engagement platforms work off of your CRM , and provide a single - pane - of - glass solution to call and email customers while syncing activity back to your CRM for easier reporting .
Accounting & Payroll Software
Another piece of software that is essential to your company ’s digital transformation is accounting and payroll software .
Accounting software is hugely important to any business .
Few things can prove to be quite a significant setback to a company as getting on the wrong side of the IRS .
The right accounting software will help you maintain all of the financial records and statements to avoid that very situation .
Another piece of the puzzle is payroll software .
Your employees are key to your business .
Keeping them happy should be one of your top priorities , as a happy employee is a productive one .
One of the many ways that you can keep employees happy is to ensure that payroll is processed correctly every single time .
Without software , this is a herculean task for even the most experienced payroll manager .
Thankfully , there are lots of different options on the market that will suit this functionality — be sure to pick one that integrates with your accounting solution and has direct deposit capabilities .
Mobile Apps
Nowadays , it seems as though everyone and their grandmother have a smartphone — and the statistics back it up !
What does that mean for your business ?
Simple : if there is a way that you can leverage a mobile app in order to drive engagement with your product or service , then you should seek to do so .
However , an important caveat worth mentioning is that mobile apps are typically quite an expensive endeavor .
Firstly , you have to pay for the design and development of the app .
Second , you ’ll pay listing fees to put it on the App Store .
Third , you ’ll also have to pay for marketing as well as any ongoing maintenance that comes up on the app ’s back end .
These costs are what make most business owners shy away from mobile apps .
However , the truth is that the increased engagement the app could provide could result in a positive ROI .
The only way to know is to conduct a study on your market to see if an app really makes sense for your industry .
Internet Advertising
Advertising on the Internet is another good way to continue your journey of completing your digital transformation .
Widespread Internet access means that your customers are spending more and more of their time online .
If you want to market to them effectively , then you need to have a strong Internet presence .
There are several different Internet advertising channels available to you .
You could go with the PPC route and pay for Google ads in the search engine .
You can advertise privately on specific websites and social media influencer platforms .
Whatever your industry may be , there is an advertising option on the Internet that is sure to fit your needs .
Custom Software Development
The last thing to consider as a part of your digital transformation is any custom software development that your business may require .
Custom software development can take the form of many different things .
You may need to build out some kind of intranet to train new employees on .
Or perhaps you need to build a custom integration with another product that you plan to partner with .
Whatever the case may be , custom software development has the potential to help your business out in several different ways .
When you embark on a custom software development project , you ’ll likely be looping in a team of professionals to help you out .
Coding software is no simple task , after all .
Be sure to shop around multiple different software agencies before settling on any one provider .
Only pick a contractor that has an excellent history of providing great service to customers .
How to Build a Digital Enterprise
There you have it .
With this guide on how to build a digital enterprise under your belt , you should have a much better understanding of and appreciation for the different parts of the puzzle that you need in order to make your digital transformation a successful experience .
For more business advice , be sure to take some time to check out the rest of the articles available on the website before you leave !
What we do ?
The EDIS website provides useful information regarding emergency situations and their prevention .
Extraordinary events happening in the World are being monitored in 24 hours per day .
All events processed by RSOE EDIS are displayed near real time – for the sake of international compatibility – according to the CAP protocol and REST - API interfasze on a secure website ( https://hisz.rsoe.hu).
To ensure clear transparency all events are categorized separately in the RSS directory ( e.g. earthquake , fire , flood , landslide , nuclear event , tornado , vulcano ) .
The EDIS also contributes in dissemination of the Common Alerting Protocol ( CAP ) in Hungary .
Beside the official information , with the help of special programs nearly 600 - 1500 internet press publication will be monitored and the publication containing predefined keywords will be processed .
However , these " news " cannot be considered as official and reliable information , but many times we have learnt critical information from the internet press .
We are screening the incoming information and storing in a central database sorted by category .
After processing the information we are sending it immediately via E - Mail ( or other format ) for the organisations and persons who have requested it .
We are aspiring that the processed data will be validated and reliable in all cases , to avoid the possible panic situation caused by unreal information .
That is why we are trying to create and keep contact with all organisations , which can provide validated information for us , to operate the EDIS .
Certainly we are publishing all incoming data and information at our website to provide up - to - date information to the citizens as well as we are publishing useful knowledge for them .
We have a knowledge database , which contains all necessary information , which can help the citizens in an emergency situation .
For the prevention and the most relevant information we are willing to amend our published data with the population information .
Today ’s “ Global War on Terrorism ” is a modern form of inquisition .
It has all the essential ingredients of the French and Spanish inquisitions .
Going after ” Islamic terrorists ” , carrying out a Worldwide preemptive war to ” protect the Homeland ” are used to justify a military agenda .
“ The Global War on Terrorism ” ( GWOT ) is presented as a “ Clash of Civilizations ” , a war between competing values and religions , when in reality it is an outright war of conquest , guided by strategic and economic objectives .
The GWOT is the ideological backbone of the American Empire .
It defines US military doctrine , including the preemptive use of nuclear weapons against the “ state sponsors ” of terrorism .
The preemptive “ defensive war ” doctrine and the “ war on terrorism ” against Al Qaeda constitute essential building blocks of America ’s National Security Strategy as formulated in early 2002 .
The objective is to present “ preemptive military action ” –meaning war as an act of “ self - defense ” against two categories of enemies , “ rogue States ” and “ Islamic terrorists ” , both of which are said to possess weapons of mass destruction .
The logic of the “ outside enemy ” and the evildoer , allegedly responsible for American civilian deaths , prevails over common sense .
In the inner consciousness of Americans , the attacks of September 11 , 2001 justify acts of war and conquest :
“ As was demonstrated by the losses on September 11 , 2001 , mass civilian casualties is the specific objective of terrorists and these losses would be exponentially more severe if terrorists acquired and used weapons of mass destruction . ”
( National Security Strategy , White House , Washington , 2002 )
America ’s Inquisition
The legitimacy of the inquisition is not questioned .
The “ Global War on Terrorism ” justifies a mammoth defense budget at the expense of health , education , and virtually every single category of ( civilian ) public expenditure .
The “ Global War on Terrorism ” requires “ going after ” the terrorists , using advanced weapons systems .
It upholds a preemptive religious - like crusade against evil , which serves to obscure the real objectives of military action .
The lies underlying 9/11 are known and documented .
The American people ’s acceptance of this crusade against evil is not based on any rational understanding or analysis of the facts .
America ’s inquisition is used to extend America ’s sphere of influence and justify military intervention , as part of an international campaign against “ Islamic terrorists ” .
Its ultimate objective , which is never mentioned in press reports , is territorial conquest and control over strategic resources .
The GWOT dogma is enunciated and formulated by Washington ’s neoconservative think tanks .
It is carried out by the military - intelligence establishment .
It is embodied in presidential speeches and press conferences :
“ We ’ve been warned there are evil people in this world .
We ’ve been warned so vividly .
…
And we ’ll be alert .
Your government is alert .
The governors and mayors are alert that evil folks still lurk out there .
As I said yesterday , people have declared war on America and they have made a terrible mistake . …
My administration has a job to do and we ’re going to do it .
We will rid the world of the evil - doers , ” ( George W. Bush , CNN , September 16 , 2001 , emphasis added )
An understanding of fundamental social and political events is replaced by a World of sheer fantasy , where “ evil folks ” are lurking .
The objective of the “ Global War on Terrorism ” launched in September 2001 is to galvanize public support for a Worldwide campaign against heresy .
In the eyes of public opinion , possessing a “ just cause ” for waging war is central .
A war is said to be Just if it is waged on moral , religious or ethical grounds .
The Demonization of Muslims and the Battle for Oil
The US led war in the broader Middle East Central Asian region consists in gaining control over extensive reserves of oil and natural gas .
The Anglo - American oil giants also seek to gain control over oil and gas pipeline routes out of the region .
( See table and maps below ) .
Muslim countries possess 66 percent of total oil reserves .
( Michel Chossudovsky , The “ Demonization ” of Muslims and the Battle for Oil , Global Research , Jannuary 4 , 2007 ) .
In contrast , the United States of America has barely 2 percent of total oil reserves .
Iraq has five times more oil than the United States .
Demonization is applied to an enemy , which possesses more than 60 percent of the world ’s oil reserves .
“ Axis of evil ” , “ rogue States ” , “ failed nations ” , “ Islamic terrorists ” : demonization and vilification are the ideological pillars of America ’s Inquisition .
They serve as a casus belli for waging the battle for oil .
The Battle for Oil requires the demonization of those who possess the oil .
The enemy is characterized as evil , with a view to justifying military action including the mass killing of civilians .
( Ibid )
Historical Origins of the Inquisition
The objective is to sustain the illusion that “ America is under attack ” by Al Qaeda .
Under the American inquisition , Washington has a self - proclaimed holy mandate to extirpate Islamic fundamentalism and “ spread democracy ” throughout the world .
“ Going after Bin Laden ” is part of a consensus .
Fear and insecurity prevail over common sense .
Despite the evidence , the White House , the State Department , the two Party system , cannot , in the minds of Americans , be held responsible for a criminal act ( 9/11 / ) resulting in the deaths of American civilians .
What we are dealing with is an outright and blind acceptance of the structures of power and political authority .
In this regard , the American Inquisition as an ideological construct , is , in many regards , similar to the inquisitorial social order prevailing in France and Spain during the Middle Ages .
The inquisition , which started in France in the 12th century , was used as a justification for conquest and military intervention .
Initially it took the form of a campaign in southern France directed against the Cathars and Waldensians , which challenged the teachings of the Roman Catholic Church .
The Cathar movement was a religious sect which was protected by the regional feudal order in southern France , against the dominion of the Catholic Church and the French monarchy in Paris .
“ The Cathars believed they were the true Christians and the Catholic Church was a false church , founded by the devil . ”
In the early 13th Century , “ Pope Innocent III declared a crusade against the Cathars ” at the behest of the French royal family .
The crusade was in fact a war of conquest under the disguise of a campaign against heresy .
The Inquisition directed against heresy was intended to consolidate the Monarchy ’s territorial control .
It provided a pretext to intervene militarily in south and southwestern France , using the authority of the Catholic Church as a façade .
The inquisition became part of a political consensus , carried out by the Church ’s inquisitors , imposed by the ruling feudal order and supported militarily .
Its purpose was to maintain and sustain the social and political order , extend the powers of the central State , subjugate regional powers in France , using the campaign against heresy as “ a justification to wage war ” .
Sounds familiar ?
Today ’s Inquisitorial Order
Anybody who doubts the legitimacy of the American inquisition ( 9/11 and the “ Global War on Terrorism ” ) is a heretic conspiracy theorist or an accomplice of the terrorists .
The American Inquisition is part of a Bipartisan Consensus .
Both the Democrats and the Republicans support the American Inquisition .
“ Going after Osama bin Laden ” is part of the election platform of both political parties .
In fact it is the central component of the election campaign :
I [ Barack Obama ] argued for more resources and more troops to finish the fight against the terrorists who actually attacked us on 9/11 , and made clear that we must take out Osama bin Laden and his lieutenants if we have them in our sights ( Barack Obama , Acceptance Speech , National Democratic Convention , Denver , August 2008 )
We have dealt a serious blow to al Qaeda in recent years .
But they are not defeated , and they ’ll strike us again if they can .
( John McCain , Acceptance Speech , Republican National Convention , St Paul , September 2008 )
There is an “ outside enemy ” .
The Homeland is under attack .
Islamic terrorists “ threaten our way of life ” .
“ We must defend ourselves ” preemptively against Osama and his lieutenants .
US Northern Command ( Northcom ) , with headquarters at the Petersen Air Force base in Colorado was established in early 2002 to protect America against a terrorist attack .
It was presented to public opinion as a response to the 9/11 attacks .
The real strategic objectives of Northern Command using sophisticated aero defense weapons including nuclear warheads , are not mentioned .
Political Consensus
The mouthpiece of America ’s inquisitorial order is the Western corporate media .
People who question the validity of any of these statements or who have doubts about who is behind the 9/11 attacks , are considered to be accomplices of those who threaten the American Homeland .
In 1232 , Pope Gregory IX set up a system of special religious courts called the inquisition .
The Dominican friars were sent out to find and question heretics :
“ Heresy can not be destroyed unless heretics are destroyed and … their defenders and [ supporters ] are destroyed , and this is effected in two ways : … they are converted to the true catholic faith , or … burned .
( Henry Charles Lea , A History of the Inquisition of the Middle Ages , p. 535 , 1887 )
Those who refused to recant , which means give up their heresy , were burned alive .
Today ’s Patriot Act , the military courts , the Guantanamo concentration camp , the CIA rendition camps , Abu Ghraib , etc. , are part of an advanced inquisitorial system .
Terrorist suspects are held incommunicado .
They are tortured , tried by military courts and sentenced .
They are not given the right to recant .
The objective is not to “ make the World safer ” by putting the terrorists behind bars .
The show trials of the alleged terrorists perform an important social function .
They are an integral part of Pentagon ’s disinformation campaign .
Quite concretly , they give a real face to the enemy .
They sustain the illusion , in the inner consciousness of Americans , that the “ Islamic terrorists ” constitute a real threat .
The arrests , trials and sentences of “ Islamic terrorists ” sustain the legitimacy of America ’s Homeland Security State and its inquisitorial legal and law enforcement apparatus .
The ultimate objective is to instill in the minds of millions of Americans that the enemy is real and the US Adminstration will protect the lives of its citizens .
Manufacturing Dissent
Washington does not silence its antiwar critics .
Quite the opposite .
The inquisitorial social order allows certain forms of dissent .
It is politically correct under a “ democracy ” to condemn US foreign policy in the strongest terms .
What is not allowed is to question the inquisition .
Those who oppose the US Administration are not branded as heretics .
Many “ Progressives ” , Liberals and Antiwar activists , led by prominent intellectuals , firmly believe that Muslims were behind the 9/11 attacks .
“ We are against the war , but we support the war on terrorism . ”
The New World Order builds a political and media consensus ( i.e. the GWOT ) but at the same time it creates and moulds its own opposition .
It establishes the limits of dissent .
It “ manufactures dissent ” .
The presidential candidates in the bipartisan race are supported by powerful corporate interests including the oil companies , Wall Street and the defense contractors .
At the same time , these same corporate interests , through their various foundations ( including Ford , Rockefeller , Gates , et al ) , support and finance a number of Liberal / Progressive organizations and alternative media .
9/11 is the cornerstone of the American Inquisition .
The lies underlying 9/11 are accepted by the mainstream antiwar movement .
US foreign policy is condemned , but the “ Global War on Terrorism ” is upheld .
Wittingly or unwittingly , this endorsement of the GWOT by those who claim to be opposed to the US administration , provides a legitimacy to the inquisitorial order , which underlies the actual practice of US foreign policy .
On the other hand , those who have serious doubts regarding the official 9/11 narrative , including the 9/11 Truth Movement , are branded as heretics and nonbelievers .
The “ Just War ” theory
The “ Just War ” theory ( justum bellum ) has a longstanding tradition .
It has been used throughout history to uphold the dominant social order and provide a justification for waging war .
In the case of Afghanistan , 9/11 played a key role in justifying the invasion .
The war on Afghanistan was considered a “ Just War ” , waged on humanitarian grounds .
On September 12 , 2001 , NATO invoked for the first time in its history “ Article 5 of the Washington Treaty – its collective defense clause ” declaring the 9/11 attacks on the World Trade Center ( WTC ) and the Pentagon “ to be an attack against all NATO members . ”
Afghanistan was tagged , without a shred of evidence and prior to the conduct of an investigation , as the “ state sponsor ” of the 9/11 attacks .
The invasion of Afghanistan in early October 2001 was presented as a counter - terrorism operation directed against the perpetrators of 9/11 and their state sponsors .
Trade unions , NGOs and many “ progressive ” intellectuals endorsed the US - NATO led invasion .
The events of 9/11 played a key role in gaining the support of various sectors of American society including the opponents and critics of the Bush adminstration ’s foreign policy .
The war on Afghanistan was prepared prior to 9/11 .
War preparations were already in an advanced stage of readiness .
The green light to wage war by the US and NATO on Afghanistan was provided within 24 hours of the 9/11 attacks .
The press reports failed to reveal a fact which is known and acknowledged by military analysts : a major theater war cannot , under any circumstances , be planned and carried out in a matter of 4 - 5 weeks .
9/11 was used as a justification to carry out a “ humanitarian war ” .
Known to military analysts , the war on Afghanistan had been planned well in advance of the tragic events of September 11 , 2001 .
The Spanish Inquisition
In the 14th and 15th centuries , the Inquisition spread to other parts of Europe .
In Italy , the inquisition went after nationalist movements in regions like Lombardy in the north , Venice , or Sicily .
It was used to suppress these political movements .
In northern France and Germany , the inquisition used the pretext of small mystical sects , to intervene politically and militarily .
Regional powers including local principalities refused to cooperate with the inquisition .
In today ’s world , this form of interventionism is carried out by sending in US special forces to “ help governments ” to combat terrorism .
Spain , conquered by Muslims and in part reconquered by Christians in the 13th Century , was “ religiously heterogeneous , and a tolerance had developed so Muslims , Christians , and Jews could live together in relative peace . ”
Toward the end of the 15th Century , coinciding with a period of political and territorial consolidation , “ Spanish tolerance changed abruptly .
Spain saw the rise of a form of inquisition more ruthless and disruptive than anywhere else in Europe . ” ( Bill of Rights in Action )
The Spanish inquisition was also characterized by a process of building a consensus , of going after the heretics and nonbelievers .
The inquisition was used to support the process of territorial consolidation in the Iberian peninsula .
The objective was to reinforce the absolute monarchy and the powers of the landed aristocracy against the Muslim and Jewish merchant classes .
The Spanish Inquisition was executed at the behest of Queen Isabel , Reina Catolica .
In 1483 , The Reyes Catolicos , Isabel de Castilla and Ferdinando de Aragon , established a Council to direct the Inquisition .
Tomas de Torquemada , an advisor to Isabel become the first General Inquisitor .
Torquemado had previously preached against the Jewish and Muslim Converts ( Conversos ) .
The objective was to repress the upcoming merchant classes .
“ One country , one ruler , one faith ” became the mandate of the General Inquisitor .
Goya ’s Inquisition
The pope upheld the inquisition , the hidden agenda was the feudal order and the Spanish led colonial wars .
The Spanish inquisition lasted for 300 years .
Today in America , the General inquisitor is the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security .
The Legal Apparatus
The inquisition in the Middle Ages would collect accusations :
“ If two witnesses under oath accused someone of heresy , the accused person would be summoned to appear .
opinions , prejudices , rumors , and gossip were all accepted as evidence .
the accused was never told the names of the accusers , nor even the exact charges .
Inquisitors examined the accused in secret .
Anyone who refused to confess immediately was assumed to be guilty .
Inquisitors were trained only in religion , and they would try to trap the accused with religious questions .
For example , an inquisitor might ask , “ Do you believe what the holy church believes ? ” “ I am a faithful Christian , ” the fearful suspect might reply .
“ So ! ” the inquisitor might shout .
“ We already know you believe in heresies !
You ’re saying your beliefs are the true Christianity and the church is false ! ” ( Bill of Rights in Action )
No lawyers were allowed , because it was considered heresy to defend a heretic :
“ They would torture those who refused to recant .
During torture , the religious inquisitors would stand by as witnesses to record confessions or take down the names of other heretics .
The government also carried out the final sentence of imprisonment or death .
Those who recanted immediately might receive a fairly light sentence — saying prayers , fasting , being whipped in public , or making a pilgrimage .
Some who recanted were forced to wear a yellow cross of felt sewn on all their clothing .
The cross marked them as a former heretic , and many people would stay away from them in fear .
Many who refused to recant right away were sentenced to prison for life .
If they refused to recant at all , the Inquisition turned them over to government authorities to be burned alive .
Some inquisitors were so thorough that they went after the dead .
If a dead person was accused of heresy , his or her bones could be dug up and burned .
For most accused heretics , there was no appeal .
A few rich or powerful people might beg the pope to change a sentence , but for most of the condemned , the sentence was final .
The families of those sent to prison or to the stake lost their property .
( Bill of Rights in Action , see also History of the inquisition )
Today ’s legal system in America has all the essential features of an inquisitorial order .
Torture is permitted “ under certain circumstances ” , according to an August 2002 Justice Department “ legal opinion ” :
“ if a government employee were to torture a suspect in captivity , ‘he would be doing so in order to prevent further attacks on the United States by the Al Qaeda terrorist network , ’ said the memo , from the Justice Department ’s office of legal counsel , written in response to a CIA request for legal guidance .
It added that arguments centering on “ necessity and self - defense could provide justifications that would eliminate any criminal liability ” later .
( See Washington Post , June 7 , 2004 )
“ Even if an interrogation method might arguably cross the line drawn in Section and application of the stature was not held to be an unconstitutional infringement of the President ’s Commander in Chief authority , we believe that under current circumstances [ the war on terrorism ] certain justification defenses might be available that would potentially eliminate criminal liability . ” ( Complete August 2 , 2002 Justice Department Memorandum in pdf )
Torture
“ The Spanish Inquisition was particularly terrifying because of its inherent characteristics .
The accused never knew who their accusers were .
Once arrested , the accused heretic ’s properties were seized . ”
“ These properties were then administered at first by the Crown , and later by the General Inquisitor … .
Even if the accused was now a devout Christian , he was tried as severely as possible because of his roots .
The accused was also not allowed to have a lawyer or counsel for his defense , and the names of all witnesses were kept secret from him ( Jason L. Slade , The Spanish Inquisition August 6 , 1996 )
Torture was the order of the day .
The accused were not allowed to have a lawyer .
The torture methods applied by today ’s CIA inquisitors bear a canny resemblance to the torture techniques used by the Inquisitors in the Middle Ages , including the water torment or aselli , commonly referred to in CIA jargon as “ water boarding ” :
“ Because the trials were for spiritual matters , the Church handled them .
However , the punishments were usually very much physical , so they were handled by the state .
There were many means of this physical torture for confession .
The two most famous or infamous were the strappado or pulley , and the aselli or water torment .
( Jason L. Slade , The Spanish Inquisition August 6 , 1996 )
Water - boarding then and now
Alfred McCoy reports in the regard that the CIA :
“ had often added to their no - touch repertoire physical methods reminiscent of the Inquisition ’s trademark tortures — strappado , question de l’eau , “ crippling stork , ” and “ masks of mockery . ”
At the CIA ’s center near Kabul in 2002 , for instance , American interrogators forced prisoners “ to stand with their hands chained to the ceiling and their feet shackled , ” an effect similar to the strappado .
Instead of the Inquisition ’s iron - framed “ crippling stork ” to contort the victim ’s body , CIA interrogators made their victims assume similar “ stress positions ” without any external mechanism , aiming again for the psychological effect of self - induced pain …
( Alfred McCoy , The Hidden History of CIA Torture : America ’s Road to Abu Ghraib , Global Research , December 2004 )
In Spain in the 16th Century , the inquisition was accepted .
It was a consensus .
The population was led to believe that it was a good thing and that torture “ served to purify society ” .
“ A bishop came out and shouted out the names of the condemned .
then the heretics were led out , wearing black robes decorated with red demons and flames .
officials of the government tied them to the stake .
“ do you give up your heresy against the holy church ? ” a priest would challenge .
anyone who repented would be strangled to death before the fires were lit .
most , however , stood silent or defiant .
the fires were lit , and the square echoed with the screams of the heretics and cheers from the crowd . ” ( quoted in Bill of Rights in Action , op cit )
Anybody who dared to question the validity of this “ war on terrorism ” was himself branded a terrorist and subjected to the anti-terrorist laws , which at the time , in Spain , was death .
In today ’s inquisitorial environment , most people are skeptical regarding the official 9/11 narrative , but nobody dares question the validity of the “ war on terrorism ” .
“ These are bad people , and we must go after them , take them out . ”
The discourse is almost the same .
The ultimate objective is to subdue the citizens , totally depoliticize social life in America , prevent people from thinking and conceptualizing , from analyzing facts and challenging the legitimacy of the inquisitorial social order which rules America .
The Big Lie becomes the Truth .
Realities are turned upside down .
War becomes peace , a worthwhile “ humanitarian undertaking ” ,
Peaceful dissent becomes heresy .
The objective is to create an atmosphere of fear and insecurity , with a view to upholding the New World Order .
In the words of Monthy Python :
“ NOBODY expects the Spanish Inquisition !
Our chief weapon is surprise … surprise and fear … fear and surprise … .
Our two weapons are fear and surprise … and ruthless efficiency … .
Our * three * weapons are fear , surprise , and ruthless efficiency …and an almost fanatical devotion to the Pope … .
Our * four * … no… * Amongst * our weapons … .
Amongst our weaponry … are such elements as fear , surprise ….
I ’ll come in again . ” ( Monthy Python , The Spanish Inquisition )
How to reverse the tide ?
Undermine the Inquisition ;
Reveal the lies behind 9/11 ;
Break the consensus ;
Reveal the Crimes committed by those in High Office ;
Unseat the inquisitors :
“ Millions of people have been misled regarding the causes and consequences of September 11 .
Across the land , the image of an “ outside enemy ” is instilled in the consciousness of Americans .
Al Qaeda is threatening America and the world .
The repeal of democracy under the Patriot legislation is portrayed as a means to providing “ domestic security ” and upholding civil liberties .
When people across the US and around the World find out that Al Qaeda is not an outside enemy but a creation of US foreign policy and the CIA , the legitimacy of the bipartisan war agenda will tumble like a deck of cards …
( Michel Chossudovsky , America ’s “ War on Terrorism ” , Global Research 2005 )
AMERICA ’S “ WAR ON TERRORISM ”
by Michel Chossudovsky
CLICK TO ORDER
America ’s “ War on Terrorism ”
In this new and expanded edition of Michel Chossudovsky ’s 2002 best seller , the author blows away the smokescreen put up by the mainstream media , that 9/11 was an attack on America by “ Islamic terrorists ” .
Through meticulous research , the author uncovers a military - intelligence ploy behind the September 11 attacks , and the cover - up and complicity of key members of the Bush Administration .
The expanded edition , which includes twelve new chapters focuses on the use of 9/11 as a pretext for the invasion and illegal occupation of Iraq , the militarisation of justice and law enforcement and the repeal of democracy .
According to Chossudovsky , the “ war on terrorism ” is a complete fabrication based on the illusion that one man , Osama bin Laden , outwitted the $ 40 billion - a- year American intelligence apparatus .
The “ war on terrorism ” is a war of conquest .
Globalisation is the final march to the “ New World Order ” , dominated by Wall Street and the U.S. military - industrial complex .
September 11 , 2001 provides a justification for waging a war without borders .
Washington ’s agenda consists in extending the frontiers of the American Empire to facilitate complete U.S. corporate control , while installing within America the institutions of the Homeland Security State .
Chossudovsky peels back layers of rhetoric to reveal a complex web of deceit aimed at luring the American people and the rest of the world into accepting a military solution which threatens the future of humanity .
The last chapter includes an analysis of the London 7/7 Bomb Attacks .
CLICK TO ORDER ( mail order or online order )
America ’s “ War on Terrorism ”
Teen pregnancy and sex education were thrust into the spotlight this week when Republican vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin revealed that her 17 - year - old daughter is five months pregnant .
Palin ’s running mate , John McCain , and the GOP platform say children should be taught that abstinence until marriage is the only safe way to avoid pregnancy and disease .
Palin ’s position is less clear .
In a widely quoted 2006 survey she answered during her gubernatorial campaign , Palin said she supported abstinence - until - marriage programs .
But weeks later , she proclaimed herself “ pro-contraception ” and said condoms ought to be discussed in schools alongside abstinence .
“ I ’m pro-contraception , and I think kids who may not hear about it at home should hear about it in other avenues , ” she said during a debate in Juneau .
Advertisement
Such statements could raise concerns among social conservatives who have been some of Palin ’s most enthusiastic supporters since she was tapped for the No. 2 spot on the GOP ticket last week .
Leslee Unruh , president of the National Abstinence Clearinghouse and campaign manager of the Vote Yes for Life effort , said children must be given a “ clear and concise ” message on the benefits of abstinence .
Asked about Palin ’s statement , Unruh said , “ I do n’t think it ’s clear .
It seems disjointed to me . ”
Two days later , Unruh dismissed the comments as “ old . ”
Advertisement
“ I support her in every way , ” she said .
Other conservatives who have backed Palin , including James Dobson of Focus on the Family , declined to weigh in .
Palin spokeswoman Maria Comella said the governor stands by her 2006 statement , supporting sex education that covers both abstinence and contraception .
McCain ’s campaign did not respond to questions about whether Palin ’s position is inconsistent with his .
But earlier , a campaign spokesperson said McCain believes abstinence is “ the only safe and responsible alternative . ”
Advertisement
“ To do otherwise is to send a mixed signal to children that , on the one hand they should not be sexually active , but on the other , here is the way to go about it , ” according to a statement provided by the campaign .
“ As any parent knows , ambiguity and equivocation leads to problems when it comes to teaching children right from wrong . ”
Even before Palin released a statement about her daughter Bristol , teen pregnancy had been in the spotlight frequently this year .
The teen birth rate , which had been declining for 15 years , showed an increase in new data released in July .
One month earlier , 17 - year - old actress Jamie Lynn Spears gave birth to a daughter , distressing parents who worried about the message it would send to young fans .
And early in the year , the film “ Juno ” won an Oscar , prompting critics to accuse Hollywood of glamorizing teen pregnancy .
Sex education varies widely across the nation ’s school districts .
In California , the state Education Code does not allow abstinence - only programs in public schools , so if a school offers sex education , it must include discussion of contraception as well as abstinence .
About 96 % of the state ’s schools offer sex education .
All schools are required to educate older children about HIV / AIDS , and those discussions must cite both abstinence and condoms as methods of preventing infection .
Advertisement
The federal government has spent more than $ 1 billion on the abstinence - only message since 1996 under a program created by Congress as part of welfare reform .
California is the only state to have declined to take part in the program since its inception .
In recent years , states that had taken part in the program have decided to forgo the funding and the restrictions that come with it .
Palin ’s statements date to her 2006 gubernatorial run .
In July of that year , she completed a candidate questionnaire that asked , would she support funding for abstinence - until - marriage programs instead of “ explicit sex-education programs , school - based clinics and the distribution of contraceptives in schools ? ”
Palin wrote , “ Yes , the explicit sex - ed programs will not find my support . ”
But in August of that year , Palin was asked during a KTOO radio debate if “ explicit ” programs include those that discuss condoms .
Palin said no and called discussions of condoms “ relatively benign . ”
Advertisement
“ Explicit means explicit , ” she said .
“ No , I ’m pro-contraception , and I think kids who may not hear about it at home should hear about it in other avenues .
So I am not anti-contraception .
But , yeah , abstinence is another alternative that should be discussed with kids .
I do n’t have a problem with that .
That does n’t scare me , so it ’s something I would support also . ”
--
seema.mehta@latimes.com
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Justice Department ’s Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives had 76 weapons and 418 laptop computers lost , stolen or go missing in a five - year period through 2007 , according to a report released on Wednesday .
The report by the department ’s inspector general said the bureau , known as the ATF , had serious weaknesses in its controls over weapons , laptops and ammunition , with much of the problems due to employee carelessness and failure to follow policy .
It said the rate for lost , stolen , or missing weapons at the ATF was nearly double those of other Justice Department law enforcement agencies like the FBI and the Drug Enforcement Administration .
The audit found the ATF staff did not report many of the lost , stolen , or missing weapons and laptop computers to the agency ’s Internal Affairs Division , as required by policy .
The ATF ’s responsibilities include investigating and preventing federal offenses involving the unlawful use , manufacture , and possession of firearms and explosives , acts of arson and bombings , and illegal trafficking of alcohol and tobacco products .
“ Our audit found that the ATF ’s controls over its weapons and laptop computers were inadequate , which resulted in significant rates of losses , ” Inspector General Glenn Fine said .
“ ATF did not even know whether most of its lost , stolen , or missing laptop computers contained sensitive or classified information . ”
The report said the rate of loss for weapons and laptops was far worse than what had been found in the last audit in 2002 .
Obama camp says Detroit mayor unwelcome in Denver Associated Press
Published : Thursday August 14 , 2008
Print This Email This Update at bottom : Loses travel freedom , will not attend DNC Democratic candidate Barack Obama does n't want the embattled mayor of Detroit on hand when Obama accepts the party 's presidential nomination in Denver .
A spokesman for Obama said Thursday that Detroit Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick would be a distraction if he goes to the convention as a superdelegate .
Kilpatrick faces eight felony charges in a perjury case and two felony charges in an assault case .
A Michigan judge told Kilpatrick on Thursday that he could attend the convention .
His lawyer , James Thomas , said high - ranking Democrats want Kilpatrick to attend .
But Obama spokesman Brent Colburn said in an e-mail that the focus of the convention should be on Obama and not on what Colburn called " the troubles of one individual . "
Detroit mayor loses travel freedom , will not attend DNC Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick 's tumultuous day began with one judge suddenly declaring he could get rid of the ankle device tracking his movements and another ruling only hours later that it must go back on .
By the end of the day , the embattled politician 's hope of attending the Democratic National Convention was dashed .
Kilpatrick faced another tough day Friday , when he was due to learn at a preliminary hearing whether he must stand trial on assault charges .
The hearing was not expected to pack the same drama that filled two courtrooms Thursday .
Hours after Wayne County Circuit Judge Leonard Townsend told Kilpatrick to remove his electronic tether , District Judge Ronald Giles ordered the mayor to put it back on , a result of legal pingpong between Kilpatrick 's two separate criminal cases .
Townsend was overseeing Kilpatrick 's arraignment on perjury and other charges .
Besides removing the tether , the judge said the mayor could attend the Democratic National Convention in Denver later this month  over heated objections by a prosecutor .
But by afternoon , Giles reinstated the tether as a condition of Kilpatrick 's release in the assault case .
It was back on the mayor 's ankle nearly four hours after it was removed .
" The lawyers for the mayor said they were willing to comply , " said Rusty Hills , spokesman for the Michigan attorney general 's office , which is prosecuting the assault case .
Kilpatrick and his former top aide , Christine Beatty , were charged in March with conspiracy , perjury , obstruction of justice and misconduct in office , mostly tied to their testimony in a civil trial .
Sexually explicit text messages between the pair , published by the Detroit Free Press in January , contradict their sworn denials of an affair , a key point in the trial last year involving a former deputy police chief .
Separately , the 38 - year - old Kilpatrick is accused of assaulting two investigators who were at his sister 's house trying to serve a subpoena last month in the perjury case .
Giles was to determine at Friday 's hearing if there is probable cause for trial on the latest charges .
Defense attorney James Thomas said Kilpatrick will abide by Giles ' order barring the mayor from travel outside the Detroit metro area , despite Townsend 's earlier ruling .
The Wayne County prosecutor 's office filed an appeal with the Michigan Court of Appeals .
It was not known when the appeals court would act .
A Michigan spokesman for Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama said Kilpatrick would be a distraction at the convention , where he would have gone as a superdelegate .
Brent Colburn said in an e-mail that the focus of the convention should be on Obama and not on what Colburn called " the troubles of one individual . "
Without saying whether he wanted to attend the convention , Kilpatrick echoed Colburn 's assessment in a statement released Thursday evening .
" The nomination of Senator Obama at the Democratic National Convention will be a historic event , however I 'm focused on running the city and I do n't want anything to distract from that extraordinary moment , " Kilpatrick said .
" The focus should remain on uniting the party and leading our great nation in a different direction . "
Gov. Jennifer Granholm plans to hold a Sept. 3 hearing to decide if she should remove Kilpatrick from office .
Earlier Thursday , she addressed the matter following a speech in Traverse City .
" I 've said all along this has got to be resolved , " Granholm said .
" This has been very , very difficult for the city and for the state , and it 's obvious why we need a resolution . "
Associated Press writers Ben Leubsdorf in Detroit , Tom Krisher in Traverse City , Mich. , and Kathy Barks Hoffman in Lansing , Mich. , contributed to this report .
The following video was published by the Associated Press on August 15 , 2008 .
Sarah Palin said in her acceptance speech at the RNC that " If our state wanted to build a bridge , we were going to build it ourselves . "
She said pretty much the same to Chris Matthews , Charles Gibson and at every campaign stop .
But it turns out she is n't doing it by herself after all .
The federal government is footing a chunk of the bill for the replacement program that would link Ketchikan to its airport .
Gov. Palin ’s administration acknowledges that it is still pursuing a project that would link Ketchikan to its airport -- with the help of as much as $ 73 million in federal funds earmarked by Congress for the original project .
" What the media is n't reporting is that the project is n't dead , " Roger Wetherell , spokesman for Alaska ’s Department of Transportation , said .
In a process begun this past winter , the state ’s DOT is currently considering ( PDF ) a number of alternative solutions ( five other possible bridges or three different ferry routes ) to link Ketchikan and Gravina Island .
The DOT has not yet developed cost estimates for those proposals , Wetherell said , but $ 73 million of the approximately $ 223 million Sen .
Ted Stevens ( R - AK ) and Rep. Don Young ( R - AK ) earmarked for the bridge in 2005 has been set aside for the Gravina Access Project .
The full details are at ProPublica .
So - how many different ways has she been untruthful about the Nowhere Project now ?
I confess I 've lost count .
OK , as a parent of an actual teen boy ( will be 17 in a month ) , I 'd like to stress and then over - stress the importance what ruffians mentioned .
Do you level best to TRY to keep an eye & ear out to what your kid is watching / searching for .
I 'm not saying you need to get all crazy about it , but for godssake learn to check your cache .
My husband and I have wondered if the days of Playboy under the mattress were better or worse than now , when a quick check of your cache can turn up some unexpected images ( the bugger will have been coached by other buggers on how to delete the obvious , not to mention laugh in the face of " parental controls " of any stripe ) .
What porn your kid is finding or searching for is a pretty quick snapshot of how you 're doing in not raising a date - rapey - douchbag .
( Oh , the conversations we 've had .
It 's kind of miraculous that our kid's head has n't just imploded from embarrassment . )
BAGHDAD , June 9 ( Reuters ) - Iraq took delivery on Monday of several ancient artefacts seized by U.S. customs officers in Philadelphia after being looted from Baghdad 's national museum during the U.S. - led invasion in 2003 .
At a ceremony in Baghdad , Iraq 's foreign minister , Hoshiyar Zebari , handed over the recovered relics to the country 's antiquities minister , Mohammed al - Uraibi .
Nestled in a protective foam casing inside a small square box were 11 cylinder seals made from agate and alabaster .
They once hung around the necks of important men of state and were used to affix their personal stamps to documents .
" We are standing before antiques that belong to 2,000 and 3,000 BC , " said Amira Iidan , head of Iraq 's antiquities and heritage office , pointing out several dating from Babylonian times .
Antiquities Ministry spokesman Abdul - Zahra al - Talagani said the artefacts were found in the U.S. city of Philadelphia by customs officials last month and handed over to the Iraqi embassy in Washington .
He did not know the circumstances of their discovery .
Thousands of antiquities in Iraq , often referred to as the cradle of civilisation , were looted in the aftermath of the U.S. invasion .
Iraqi officials have blamed the pilfering on organised smugglers and occupying foreign troops .
Many of the artefacts were stolen from the national museum in Baghdad , but many thousands more from the estimated 10,000 poorly guarded archaeological sites scattered around Iraq , which has been home to many cultures over the centuries .
Iraq is now trying to reclaim the artefacts , a number of which have turned up at art auctions around the globe .
In April , Syria returned about 700 stolen artefacts , including gold coins and jewellery that had been seized by its customs officers .
" This is only the start .
We hope to return more of these pieces in the near future , " said foreign minister Zebari .
Antiquities Minister Uraibi said some 15,000 items had been stolen during the wholesale looting of the national museum in 2003 , of which 5,000 - 6,000 had been returned .
" We have 1,600 pieces in Jordan .
We will return them soon with the help of the minister of foreign affairs .
There are also others in Gulf countries and in Europe , " he said .
( Writing by Ross Colvin ; editing by Keith Weir )
First look at a tiny display made to sit on your eye
2:49
September 29 , 2008
You Can't Rescue the Financial System If You Can't Read a Balance Sheet
John P. Hussman , Ph.D .
All rights reserved and actively enforced .
Reprint Policy
This is a bad idea .
However the final legislation is written , the Troubled Assets Relief Program ( TARP ) being rushed through Congress will evidently be built around its single worst provision , which is that the Treasury will have authority to purchase distressed mortgage securities from U.S. financials .
As I noted last week in An Open Letter To Congress Regarding the Current Financial Crisis , the sequence of bankruptcies that we 've observed among U.S. financials has been almost exactly in order of their gross leverage ( the ratio of total assets to shareholder equity ) .
The reason for that is :
1 ) as the assets of a financial company lose value , the losses reduce the asset side of the balance sheet , but also reduce shareholder equity on the liability side ;
2 ) as the cushion of shareholder equity becomes thinner , customers begin to make withdrawals ;
3 ) in order to satisfy customer withdrawals , the financial company is forced to liquidate assets at distressed prices , prompting a further reduction in shareholder equity ;
4 ) go back to 1 ) and continue the vicious cycle until shareholder equity goes negative and the company becomes insolvent .
Let 's return to the basic balance sheet of a typical financial company before the writedowns :
Good Assets : $ 95
Questionable Assets : $ 5
TOTAL ASSETS : $ 100
Liabilities to Customers : $ 80
Debt to Bondholders : $ 17
Shareholder Equity : $ 3
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER EQUITY : $ 100
Now let 's write down the questionable assets - not all the way to zero , but to $ 2 :
Good Assets : $ 95
Questionable Assets : $ 2
TOTAL ASSETS : $ 97
Liabilities to Customers : $ 80
Debt to Bondholders : $ 17
Shareholder Equity : $ 0
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER EQUITY : $ 97
This shortfall of protection on the liability side of the balance sheet is what causes a run on the institution , because once shareholder equity is gone , the only way to get at the debt to bondholders is for the company to declare bankruptcy .
The concern has been that continuing bankruptcies would throw the whole financial system into disarray , especially for investment banks having lots of counterparty relationships with other institutions .
But the reality is that for nearly all of these institutions , the cushion of debt to bondholders has always been more than sufficient to protect customers from losses even in the event of bankruptcy .
What the financial system has needed most has been for Congress to streamline the bankruptcy process for investment banks , so that in the event of failure , the " good bank " ( assets and liabilities , ex the debt to bondholders ) could be cut away quickly and liquidated to an acquirer , leaving the proceeds as a residual for the bondholders .
Indeed , that 's exactly how it works for regulated banks .
What investors overlooked in last week 's panic was that we actually saw the largest bank failure in history - Washington Mutual - with absolutely no losses to customers or the U.S. government , precisely because the good bank was seamlessly cut away and sold to J.P. Morgan , wiping out shareholder equity , preferred equity , and subordinated debt , with partial repayment to the bondholders .
Snap - just like that .
Now , let 's go back to the previous balance sheet .
The Treasury plan seeks to buy up those questionable assets and thereby protect the institution against failure .
Problem is , suppose the Treasury buys those questionable assets at their going value of $ 2 .
Here 's the result :
Good Assets : $ 95
Cash Proceeds from Sale of Questionable Assets to Treasury : $ 2
TOTAL ASSETS : $ 97
Liabilities to Customers : $ 80
Debt to Bondholders : $ 17
Shareholder Equity : $ 0
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER EQUITY : $ 97
Does this transaction protect the institution against failure ?
No !
If you buy the bad assets off the balance sheet at their market value , nothing changes on the liability side !
You may have improved the " quality " of the balance sheet , but you 've provided no additional capital .
At best , you 've allowed the bank to liquidate its assets more easily to meet continuing customer withdrawals in the vicious cycle described above .
The only way that buying the questionable assets will increase capital on the liability side of the balance sheet is if the Treasury overpays for them .
A better approach would be for the government to provide capital directly , in the form of a " super - bond , " in an amount no greater than the debt to bondholders .
The " super - bond " would be subordinate to customer liabilities , so it could be counted as capital for the purpose of capital requirements , and would be seen by customers as a legitimate cushion of protection .
However , in the event of bankruptcy , it would have a senior claim in front of both stockholders and even senior bondholders .
Do that , and you 've actually got a mechanism to protect the financial system while at the same time protecting customers and taxpayers .
Ideally , the super - bond accrues a relatively high rate of interest so that financials have an incentive to shift to private financing as soon as possible , but you would also defer the interest until the bank meets a minimal level of profitability to make sure that the financing does n't strain the institution 's liquidity .
But then , Congress did n't do this because nobody thinks in terms of balance sheets .
So after a nice pop to maybe 1300 or even 1400 on the S&P 500 , we can expect all hell to break loose again .
As a side note , a lot has been made of Warren Buffett 's investment in the senior preferred stock of Goldman Sachs .
But it 's notable that Buffett invested in Goldman only upon the conversion of Goldman to a bank holding company , which puts it under a different regulatory structure that gives it access to the Fed window .
Goldman 's balance sheet has $ 40 billion of shareholder equity that would have to be drilled through before getting at the preferred .
Evidently , Buffett believes that Goldman 's asset mix is diversified enough , and light enough in mortgage assets , that Goldman wo n't take a major haircut on its entire ( largely hedged ) portfolio of assets .
Buffett 's investment may reflect confidence in Goldman , particularly with a government backstop on whatever questionable assets it does own , but if anything , it suggests that the government should have gone the same route - namely , provide capital in return for a financially viable security that is senior to common shareholder equity , have it accrue a relatively high rate of interest , and allow it to be repaid early ( Buffett 's preferred is callable by Goldman ) as soon as the financial institution can secure cheaper financing .
Instead , the government is taking on financially non-viable securities and warrants on common equity , while failing to improve the capital position of these financial companies at all ( unless it overpays ) .
Taxpayers will not make money here .
As Congressman Scott Garrett noted to taxpayers on Sunday , " This morning we should be very much alarmed .
Obviously , Washington is not listening to your wishes .
Those who used to work for Goldman Sachs will support this deal .
Those who have blocked reform in the past will support this deal .
I will not support this deal . "
I could n't agree more .
This is not a good deal , because it will waste taxpayer money without addressing the fundamental solvency problems .
Market Climate
As of last week , the Market Climate for stocks remained characterized by unfavorable valuations and unfavorable market action .
At present , however , there 's not a lot to stand in the way of a violent short squeeze , particularly in financials , on the prospect of hundreds of billions in helicopter money for Wall Street .
The Fund remains well hedged against substantial downside risk , but we did establish a modest " anti-hedge " on market weakness last week : an out - of - the - money index call option position amounting to about 1 % of assets , not to create a significant positive exposure , but to soften our hedge in the event of a hyperactive relief rally .
This is not a long position for us , and certainly not a " buy signal . "
It 's just risk - management to provide for the contingency that investors could shift to a risk - taking preference for a while .
If broad improvement in market action confirms that sort of shift , we 'll allow that call exposure to go " in - the - money , " which would provide the Strategic Growth Fund with a modest positive exposure to market fluctuations .
Poor internal market action on any relief rally would encourage us to clip off that call option exposure or raise our strike prices to capture any intrinsic value that accrues .
In bonds , the Market Climate last week was characterized by relatively neutral yield levels and modestly unfavorable yield pressures .
If the legislation is passed , as appears likely , Treasury prices may be pressured lower on expectations of expanded supply , combined with potential aversion of foreign investors to hold a currency that is increasingly backed by junk .
If you take a U.S. dollar out of your wallet , you 'll see " Federal Reserve Note " written prominently along the top .
Witness how the U.S. currency is now backed .
The Treasury plan will make the situation no better .
For our part , the Strategic Total Return Fund is primarily invested in short - dated Treasury securities with little sensitivity to interest rate fluctuations .
The Fund also holds about 30 % of assets in a mix of foreign currencies , precious metals shares , and utility stocks .
---
The foregoing comments represent the general investment analysis and economic views of the Advisor , and are provided solely for the purpose of information , instruction and discourse .
Prospectuses for the Hussman Strategic Growth Fund , the Hussman Strategic Total Return Fund , the Hussman Strategic International Fund , and the Hussman Strategic Dividend Value Fund , as well as Fund reports and other information , are available by clicking " The Funds " menu button from any page of this website .
Estimates of prospective return and risk for equities , bonds , and other financial markets are forward - looking statements based the analysis and reasonable beliefs of Hussman Strategic Advisors .
They are not a guarantee of future performance , and are not indicative of the prospective returns of any of the Hussman Funds .
Actual returns may differ substantially from the estimates provided .
Estimates of prospective long - term returns for the S&P 500 reflect our standard valuation methodology , focusing on the relationship between current market prices and earnings , dividends and other fundamentals , adjusted for variability over the economic cycle ( see for example Investment , Speculation , Valuation , and Tinker Bell , The Likely Range of Market Returns in the Coming Decade and Valuing the S&P 500 Using Forward Operating Earnings ) .
Consider this the only gender - bias - in - the - media primer you ’ll ever need , and a handy reminder to the Bill O’Reilly and Dick Morris types ( not to mention Monsieur Rove ) that gender bias cuts both ways — and sometimes , as Jon Stewart points out , the same people do the cutting without seeming to remember just a few short weeks later .
Other media outlets , such as Politico , are pointing out the potential for a double - standard when it comes to media scrutiny of candidates , regardless of their gender .
( h/t to Josh at LarryFlynt.com )
“ The Daily Show With Jon Stewart ” :
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Although researchers have discovered ways to make powerful stem cells without the use of human embryos , the controversial use of embryonic stem cells is still necessary , a panel of experts said on Friday .
Doctors perform an experimental stem cell procedure at Bangkok Heart Hospital in a file photo .
REUTERS / Chaiwat Subprasom
But some regulation is needed of these new sources of stem cells , especially if they are spliced into animals for experiments , the U.S. National Academy of Sciences panel said .
The Human Embryonic Stem Cell Research Advisory Committee , appointed by the Institute of Medicine and the National Research Council , revised a 2005 report on stem cells because of the recent advances .
Stem cells are the body ’s master cells .
Scientists are studying them for the emerging field of regenerative medicine , in the hope of creating tailor - made repair kits for the human body .
They also want to use them to study disease and to seek better treatments for cancer , diabetes and other conditions .
Those found in days - old embryos are called human embryonic stem cells and can produce any cell type found in the body .
So - called adult stem cells are found in the blood and in all tissues and are less flexible .
Opponents of embryo research include some members of Congress and President George W. Bush , and they have restricted federal funding of work involving human embryonic stem cells , although researchers may use private funds .
In the past year , teams of scientists have discovered ways to transform ordinary cells into what look like stem cells .
These are called induced pluripotent stem cells .
Just last week a team at Harvard Medical School reported they had transformed cells in a living mouse from one type into another .
Both advances could bypass the need for embryonic stem cells .
But not yet , the report concludes .
SOME UTILITY
“ It is far from clear at this point which cell types will prove to be the most useful for regenerative medicine , and it is likely that each will have some utility , ” the panel , chaired by Richard Hynes of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , wrote .
“ Research that uses human embryonic stem cells remains controversial in the United States and is still subject to intense political scrutiny .
Therefore , it is important to sustain public confidence in the integrity of the institutions and researchers conducting human embryonic stem cell research , ” it adds .
Anyone working with any of the cells should have an independent embryonic stem cell research oversight or ESCRO committee , the report recommends .
“ At a minimum , an institutional registry of stem cell lines should be maintained , ” it adds , to ensure that the sources of all batches of stem cells are clearly noted .
The induced pluripotent stem cells do not involve human embryos but their use in animals should be monitored , the report suggests .
If a human cell is spliced into an animal in such a way that it could transmit human DNA to offspring , called germline transmission , the animal should not be allowed to breed , the report says .
The group also tweaked guidelines on reimbursing women who donate eggs for stem cell research , saying they could be compensated for lost wages as well as transportation costs without this being considered payment or inducement , the report concludes .
* These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration .
This product is not intended to diagnose , treat , cure or prevent any disease .
If you ’re going to have long relations with Linux operating system and use it as efficiently as possible I suggest to read the following howtos and guides that will help you on the way to advanced Linux user status 🙂
Advanced Bash - Scripting Guide by Mendel Cooper
This document is both a tutorial and a reference on shell scripting with Bash .
It assumes no previous knowledge of scripting or programming , but progresses rapidly toward an intermediate / advanced level of instruction .
The exercises and heavily - commented examples invite active reader participation .
Still , it is a work in progress .
The intention is to add much supplementary material in future updates to this document , as it evolves into a comprehensive book that matches or surpasses any of the shell scripting manuals in print .
GNU / Linux Command - Line Tools Summary by Gareth Anderson
This guide was created as an overview of the Linux Operating System , geared toward new users as an exploration tour and getting started guide , with exercises at the end of each chapter .
For more advanced trainees it can be a desktop reference , and a collection of the base knowledge needed to proceed with system and network administration .
This book contains many real life examples derived from the author ’s experience as a Linux system and network administrator , trainer and consultant .
We hope these examples will help you to get a better understanding of the Linux system and that you feel encouraged to try out things on your own .
The Linux System Administrators ’ Guide by Lars Wirzenius and others
This book assumes knowledge of everything in the Installation and Users ’ Guides .
It will cover all of the aspects of keeping the system running , handling user accounts , backups , configuration of the system , installing and upgrading software , and more .
Whereas some of this information is in the Installation Guide ( just to get the system off the ground ) this book should be much more complete .
Linux Advanced Routing & Traffic Control HOWTO by Bert Hubert
Linux has very advanced Routing , filtering and traffic shaping options .
This howto attempts to document how to configure and use these features .
Iptables Tutorial by Eric Steven Raymond
Iptables is an extremely knowledge intensive tool .
This means that iptables takes quite a bit of knowledge to be able to use iptables to it ’s full extent .
Among other things , you must have a very good understanding of the TCP / IP protocol .
Linux Filesystem Hierarchy by Binh Nguyen
This document outlines the set of requirements and guidelines for file and directory placement under the Linux operating system and also its actual implementation on an arbitrary system .
Securing & Optimizing Linux : The Ultimate Solution by Gerhard Mourani
Mastering security with Linux and getting the maximum out of your system have never been easier .
Securing & Optimizing Linux : The Ultimate Solution has been written and achieved with tightening security to an incomparable level in mind .
One of its main features is the easy path from beginning to end in a smooth manner , step by step for beginners as well as for experts .
By Mark O’Neill
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
An Italian judge has used a 1948 law to convict a local historian and author of the crime of “ stampa clandestina ” .
This is basically the crime of running a newspaper without first officially registering with the local authorities .
But by convicting him , the judge has also opened the door to a much bigger Pandora ’s Box .
What was this newspaper that Carlo Ruta was running ?
His blog .
The judge ruled that since his blog had a headline , that qualified it as a newspaper and since he had n’t registered it , he was guilty of “ stampa clandestina ” .
Simple .
Guilty as charged .
He was fined and told to take down his blog .
Next case .
Ruta simply took down the blog and put up a new one .
But now he is a convicted criminal and he has lost all his original blog material which is obviously a big deal .
Italian bloggers are understandably outraged and are also asking why prosecutors are bringing cases now .
There are potentially 5 million Italian blogs out there and Ruta was the first one to be charged .
Blogs were folded into the “ stampa clandestina ” law back in 2001 .
Why was Ruta now singled out after 7 years ?
Was it perhaps because his blog is all about links between politics and the mafia ?
Hmmm …
The “ stampa clandestina ” law was actually set up back in 1948 with good intentions .
It was just after the end of the war and the new government , with the help of the Allied occupation forces , wanted to stop Fascist sympathisers from starting up their own publications to stir up trouble .
So they forced all new publishers to register with the local authorities so they could control things .
But obviously now 60 years later , with the internet bursting onto the scenes and the likelihood of Fascists seizing power in Italy diminishing to zero , that law is becoming increasingly unworkable and needs to be revised .
Plus let ’s not forget the fact that Italy is a member of the European Union and freedom of the press is enshrined in the EU .
This conviction , if allowed to stand , is a dangerous legal precedent because it suggests that all Italian blogs are illegal because they are not registered .
If anyone blogs anything in Italy that someone does n’t like , a judge can order that blog to be shut down immediately under the “ stampa clandestina ” law .
Plus if the Italian government starts demanding that blogs be registered , will bloggers comply ?
I sincerely doubt it .
Gallup Daily : No Dent in Obama Lead So Far Obama holds 7 - point lead in latest results
PRINCETON , NJ -- Barack Obama continues to hold a lead over John McCain , 49 % to 42 % , in the latest Gallup Poll Daily tracking update .
The results are based on interviewing conducted Sept. 1 - 3 .
The vast majority of interviews on Wednesday evening were conducted before Sarah Palin gave her much - anticipated convention speech .
However , the data do indicate that the initial first two nights of the convention -- the slimmed down Monday program in deference to Hurricane Gustav and Tuesday 's speeches headlined by former senator Fred Thompson -- have , so far , done little to change voter preferences .
Thursday 's interviewing will be the first to reflect the immediate impact of Palin 's speech , and the coming days will give a truer measure of the effect the GOP convention -- including McCain 's acceptance speech tonight -- is having on voters .
Obama got a four percentage point increase in his share of the vote in Gallup Poll Daily tracking coming out of the Democratic convention last week , establishing a lead over McCain after the two had been exactly tied immediately prior to last week 's convention .
( To view the complete trend since March 7 , 2008 , click here . ) -- Jeff Jones
( Click here to see how the race currently breaks down by demographic subgroup . )
Survey Methods
For the Gallup Poll Daily tracking survey , Gallup is interviewing no fewer than 1,000 U.S. adults nationwide each day during 2008 .
The general - election results are based on combined data from Sept. 1 - 3 , 2008 .
For results based on this sample of 2,771 registered voters , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
To provide feedback or suggestions about how to improve Gallup.com , please e-mail feedback@gallup.com .
ABOUT THOSE CROWDS ….
In the midst of a massive push by the Obama campaign to undermine the McCain ’s campaign ’s credibility , we get yet another example that undermines the McCain ’s campaign ’s credibility .
Senator John McCain has drawn some of the biggest crowds of his presidential campaign since adding Alaska Governor Sarah Palin to his ticket on Aug. 29 .
Now officials say they ca n’t substantiate the figures McCain ’s aides are claiming .
McCain aide Kimmie Lipscomb told reporters on Sept. 10 that an outdoor rally in Fairfax City , Virginia , drew 23,000 people , attributing the crowd estimate to a fire marshal .
Fairfax City Fire Marshal Andrew Wilson said his office did not supply that number to the campaign and could not confirm it .
Wilson , in an interview , said the fire department does not monitor attendance at outdoor events .
At another recent appearance , the McCain campaign boasted of 10,000 people who attended an event in Pennsylvania .
Asked how aides arrived at that number , the campaign said the Secret Service provided the figures .
Soon after , the Secret Service said it had done no such thing .
In the grand scheme of things , are inflated crowd numbers the next big McCain / Palin scandal ?
Probably not .
But it ’s all about the context — this is a campaign that ’s been lying relentlessly , about matters large and small , non -stop for weeks .
Exaggerated crowd figures are minor , but when added to the ever - growing list , it points to a campaign that lies when the truth is nearly as good — in other words , a Republican ticket that lies even when it does n’t have to .
The Obama campaign asked earlier today , after we learned that Sarah Palin had lied about having been to Iraq , “ Americans are starting to wonder , is there anything the McCain campaign is n’t lying about ? ”
Expect to hear that phrase quite a bit .
We comb the web for the best 5 videos , for your daily dose of healthy , passive , vitamin V !
NBC fact - checks Sarah Palin Nick Cargo
Published : Wednesday September 17 , 2008
Print This Email This
In the midst of " Palinmania , " a major media outlet has aired a " fact check " segment two weeks after the Republican National Convention debut of Sarah Palin , Alaska 's governor and Senator McCain 's running mate .
NBC has addressed inaccurate claims on international travel , Alaska 's true energy production , foreign policy credentials , the infamous " Bridge (s ) to Nowhere , " and the subsequent backtracking by the McCain campaign as a result .
Especially noted is Palin 's eagerness to claim that she told Congress " Thanks , but no thanks , to that ' Bridge to Nowhere , ' " a line she unveiled on September 3 , despite the fact that she supported it until Congress no longer did and kept the federal funds nonetheless .
Plans for a bridge , using federal money , are still in the works .
Also addressed was Gov. Palin 's lack of connections with foreign leaders .
" If you look at history , " said presidential historian Michael Beschloss , " since Pearl Harbor , every single vice presidential candidate of a major party has had some pretty serious exposure to foreign leaders , with the exception of Spiro Agnew . "
NBC 's Savannah Guthrie reports .
The video below was broadcast on September 17 , 2008 on NBC's Nightly News :
Download video via RawReplay.com
Microblogging site Twitter has added an election site that uses its trending and search technology to perform real - time analysis of election - related posts of its users .
The election site -- launched to coincide with Friday 's presidential debate in Mississippi -- features highlights of " hot election topics " that are determined by Twitter user search queries .
The site also includes a ticker of posts that is updated every few seconds .
Whenever Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) or Sen. Barack Obama ( D - Ill. ) update their Twitter accounts , the posts will also be added to Twitter 's central election site .
Users can also filter the main time line of posts by candidate name , Twitter said .
" Twitter is the pulse of what is happening with the people , organizations , and events you care about - delivered immediately , wherever you are , " Twitter said in a blog post .
" Proven compelling during shared events ranging from earthquakes to film festivals , Twitter now introduces an engaging new way to participate in democracy . "
Twitter is increasingly being used to broadcast short messages , or Tweets , from various newsmaking entities , including NASA 's Phoenix Mars Lander and members of Congress .
Some companies are even monitoring Twitter for customer service complaints .
Last month , Republicans in Congress used Twitter to help stage a protest over a piece of legislation .
Earlier this month protesters at the Republican National Convention in Minneapolis , used Twitter to help organize their movements and elude police .
This story , " Twitter Launches Election Site " was originally published by Computerworld .
Microsoft is warning Windows Live Hotmail users of a recent phishing scam that asks for the person 's username , password , date of birth , and country or territory .
It 's not clear why the software giant has taken the time to warn users of this particular phishing scam , as this definitely is n't the first Microsoft - or Hotmail - related one .
Hopefully , it has nothing to do with its success rate , but it 's likely due to the fact that the e-mail claims it is from the Windows Live Hotmail team , both in the signature and at the start : " This Email is from Hotmail Customer Care and we are sending it to every Hotmail Email User Accounts Owner for safety . "
I have not received the e-mail on either of my accounts , so perhaps the scam is not ( yet ? ) widespread .
The e-mail typically arrives from an @hotmail.com address and has the following subject : " Hotmail Warning ( Verify Your Hotmail Account now To Avoid It Closed ) . "
It blames congestion issues and claims the account will be suspended " for security reasons " if there is no response within 24 hours , and that the account will eventually be deleted in two weeks time .
Make sure to warn your less tech - savvy friends and remind them that Microsoft ( or any other major company for that matter ) will never ask you for your personal information via an e-mail .
Further reading :
ISLAMABAD ( Reuters ) - Pakistani forces killed up to 100 al Qaeda - linked militants in fierce clashes near the Afghan border on Thursday , a security official said , as tensions grew with the United States over how to tackle militancy .
An intensifying insurgency in Afghanistan has piled pressure on Pakistan to go after militants operating from sanctuaries in remote enclaves on its side of the border .
It has also led to a sharp increase in U.S. strikes on militants in Pakistan .
The new government in Islamabad says it is committed to the campaign against militancy , launched after the September 11 attacks seven years ago , but bans incursions by U.S. troops .
In the latest fighting in the northwestern Bajaur region , where some analysts believe top al Qaeda leaders have been hiding , the security forces fought pitched battles with the militants loyal to a local commander Qari Zia - ur - Rehman .
“ Eighty to 100 militants were killed in Bajaur today .
Most of them are foreigners , ” the official said on condition of anonymity .
He said the nationality of the foreigners was being ascertained .
He said two soldiers were also killed in the fighting
The three days of fighting in the region has brought the death toll to over 100 .
Separately , the security forces have killed eight militants in the northwestern Swat Valley , a military spokesman said .
Bajaur has been scene of one of the heaviest battles in recent weeks in which more than 600 militants have been killed .
Militants in Bajaur regularly cross into Afghanistan to attack Western troops and government forces there .
A paramilitary soldier stands guard next to a portrait of Pakistan 's President Asif Ali Zardari , widower of former prime minister Benazir Bhutto , upon his arrival at the grave of his wife in Garhi Khuda Bakhsh near Larkana September 11 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Nadeem Soomro
Violence in Afghanistan has soared over the past two years as al Qaeda and Taliban fighters have regrouped .
The U.S. military said on Wednesday it was not winning there and would revise its strategy to combat militant havens in Pakistan .
The New York Times reported that President George W. Bush had secretly approved orders in July that for the first time allowed U.S. special forces to carry out ground assaults inside Pakistan without the approval of the Pakistani government .
Pakistani stocks , down 34 percent this year , ended lower on Thursday on concern over what one analyst called an “ unwelcome spike of geo- political noise ” over the conduct of the U.S. - led war on terrorism .
ANGER
Army chief General Ashfaq Kayani said in a strongly worded statement on Wednesday that Pakistan would not allow foreign troops onto its soil .
Pakistan ’s sovereignty and territorial integrity would be defended at all cost , he said , dismissing speculation of a secret deal allowing U.S. forces to cross the border .
Helicopter - borne U.S. commandos carried out a ground assault last week in Pakistan ’s South Waziristan , a militant border sanctuary , the first known incursion into Pakistan by U.S. troops since the 2001 invasion of Afghanistan , killing 20 people .
Pakistan condemned the raid .
Kayani said there were no quick fixes to a highly complex militant problem and reconciliation efforts were also needed .
Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani said Kayani ’s statement reflected government views .
Some Pakistani analysts say a frustrated U.S. administration wants to score points before a November election but it risks sparking an uprising among ethnic Pashtuns on the border .
“ We will convince the U.S. that it can get nothing through unilateral action in tribal areas except opposition of the masses , ” Pakistan ’s ambassador to the United States , Husain Haqqani , was reported telling the BBC .
The U.S. attack also complicates the situation for Pakistan ’s new civilian president , Asif Ali Zardari , who was sworn in on Tuesday , having forced former army chief Pervez Musharraf to stand down last month after nine years in power .
Support for the U.S. - led campaign against militancy is deeply unpopular in Pakistan , where many people say it has incited violence .
Like Musharraf , Zardari is seen as close to the United States but , as an elected civilian leader , he will face pressure to pay heed to public opinion .
At the same time , Pakistan is highly vulnerable to any reduction in U.S. financial support , given the depletion of foreign reserves , which has sparked talk it could default on a sovereign bond next year unless it gets foreign financing .
Pakistan ’s state news agency reported last week that the United States had reimbursed Pakistan $ 365 million for operations and logistical support in the war against terrorism .
Pakistani ties with Afghanistan have also been strained by its complaints that militants operate from Pakistani sanctuaries and its calls for the havens to be eliminated .
Afghan President Hamid Karzai told a news conference in Kabul the United States had to change strategy and he reiterated his call for the sanctuaries to be destroyed .
Pakistan plays down the significance of sanctuaries , saying the Afghan war is an Afghan problem .
The Shining directed by Stanley Kubrick .
Why am I changing the design and layout for Dueling Analogs ?
Good question .
There ’s actually quite a few reasons .
First off , whenever I wanted to added a new page under the previous format it required me to come up with a completely new theme ( ie. links = advertisement , archives = checklist , etc… ) .
The problem was time to create these pages and / or come up with new ideas .
With the new design , since its theme driven , I can create new pages and plug the content in with ease .
This means an about and FAQ page will finally exist .
Second , content will load quicker .
We all want to believe that everyone has high - speed internet connection , but that ’s like believing Superman 64 was a good game .
This way people still using dial - up or some close facsimile will be able to view the site easier .
Third is banner placement .
I ’m not going to lie .
Banners are where Dueling Analogs profits truly lie .
And with the new design the advertisements will get more visibility ( without being intrusive ) which means more revenue .
Definitely a good thing .
Lastly is my favorite reason , infinite canvas .
Take a look at today ’s comic .
Its twice as tall as any previous Dueling Analogs comic .
Under the old format I could never do this .
But under the new one I can make it as tall as I want .
This means better comics .
A lot of times I ’ve had good ideas that just do n’t translate well into three panels .
Sometimes I have to drop the idea all together because of these constraints .
Now if adding a few more panels can make the comic flow more smoothly I can do it .
Am I ever looking forward to that .
The site design is not set in stone … the logo at the top is only temporary , I ’m missing new functions for the main page , forums have n’t been activated yet and many more things to come .
About this comic … I was originally going to go for a darker art style , but I love the Super Princess Peach direction and felt it translated well to the comic .
Its funny how brown outlines and a similar color palette makes my artwork look completely different .
Hmm …
By Matt McGrath
Science reporter , BBC World Service
Voters ' mind are made up long before they arrive at the ballot box Scientists studying US voters say our political views may be an integral part of our physiological makeup .
Their research , published in the journal Science , indicates that people who are sensitive to fear or threat are likely to support a right wing agenda .
Those who perceived less danger in a series of images and sounds were more inclined to support liberal policies .
The authors believe their findings may help to explain why voters ' minds are so hard to change .
In the study , conducted in Nebraska , 46 volunteers were first asked about their political views on issues ranging from foreign aid and the Iraq war to capital punishment and patriotism .
Those with strong opinions were invited to take part in the second part of the experiment , which involved recording their physiological responses to a series of images and sounds .
The images included pictures of a frightened man with a large spider on his face and an open wound with maggots in it .
The subjects were also startled with loud noises on occasion .
Conducting experiments
By measuring the electrical conductance of the volunteers ' skin and their blink responses , the scientists were able to work out the degree of fear they were experiencing - how sensitive they were to the images and sounds .
Instead of political opponents thinking the opposite party are being wilfully bull - headed , you can say ' well ok , they see the world differently than I do '
John Hibbing
They found that subjects who were more easily startled tended to have political views that would be classified as more right wing , being more in favour of capital punishment and higher defence spending , but opposed to abortion rights .
The scientists explained that these political positions were protective of the volunteers ' social groups .
" We focused primarily on things that we call ' protecting the social unit ' , " said John Hibbing from the University of Nebraska .
" So the idea is we have this unit - maybe it's the US - and we want to protect this from outsiders ; so we might be opposed to immigration , we might advocate patriotism , and we like leaders who are strong and clear who are able to protect us from those outsiders .
" We might even be opposed to pornography or any kind of corrosive element that we see threatening the social unit .
" On the other hand , you have people who are more supportive of pacifism and who advocate gun control - and there are lots of areas where people who are less sensitive to threat would project those kinds of feelings into the political arena . "
Different strokes
The researchers say there is no political relevance to their research - but Dr Hibbing feels it may help explain why it is so hard to change someone 's mind in a political debate .
Different people , he said , started from a different psychological point .
" You have people who are experiencing the world , who are experiencing threat , differently .
" It 's just that we have these very different physiological orientations .
We 're not sure where they came from , they may be genetic , they may be something from childhood ; we do know , though , that they run deep because it 's a reflex , it 's not something you can change tomorrow , the depth of that may be something of an asset in figuring out why people are so stubborn in their political beliefs , " he said .
" I even have the hope that this might facilitate understanding a little bit .
Instead of political opponents thinking the opposite party are being wilfully bull - headed , you can say ' well ok , they see the world differently than I do ' .
" People have n't just thought about things differently , they feel things differently . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Maddow guest : Clinton voters ' scared straight ' by Palin into backing Obama David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Friday September 19 , 2008
Print This Email This
It 's been common wisdom that John McCain 's selection of Sarah Palin as a running - mate was intended to cut into Barack Obama 's lead among female voters .
However , MSNBC's Rachel Maddow finds this expectation laughable .
" Palin the game - changer , " Maddow mocked in introducing a segment on Palin and women voters .
" The Palin Effect .
Palin knocks Obama on his keister .
...
Interesting story - line -- if by ' interesting ' you mean ' not at all true . ' "
Maddow cited a new poll showing that after briefly falling behind , Obama has now leaped to a lead over McCain of 54 % to 38 % among women voters .
Even among white women , Obama is up by two points , whereas before the Palin selection it was McCain who led by seven .
" The numbers say that , if anything , Sarah Palin has made the McCain ticket less popular among women , not more popular , " Maddow concluded .
Maddow apologized for having failed to get any McCain supporters or prominent Republican women to appear on the program to discuss Palin and women 's issues .
She then introduced Melinda Henneberger .
author of If They Only Listened to Us : What Women Voters Want Politicians to Hear .
" If these numbers hold , " Henneberger began , " what 's astonishing here is that Obama will end up doing better with women than Bill Clinton did . "
She indicated that a lot of women " like " Sarah Palin " but that does n't translate into votes . "
Maddow noted that even with Palin on the ticket , McCain is doing worse with women than George Bush did in 2004 .
" The thing that ought to be being commented upon is McCain 's problem with women , not Obama 's problem , " she suggested .
Henneberger emphasized that there was never any real chance of Palin helping pull in disaffected Clinton supporters , because " those voters had largely come home even before the Palin pick .
...
Even the stragglers have sort of been scared straight by this point . "
Henneberger concluded by saying she believes that women voters are influenced more by general concerns than by what are considered women 's issues .
" I think a lot of that bounce among women was on the economy , " she stated .
" I think that really benefitted the Obama ticket . "
This video is from MSNBC's The Rachel Maddow Show , broadcast September 18 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Is the church right to apologise to Charles Darwin ?
The Church of England is to apologise to Charles Darwin for its initial rejection of his theories .
Perhaps a little late , as the statement will come 200 years after his birth .
Do you agree with the church 's decision ?
Evaluating Your Book's Condition
Your book must be in resalable condition in order for us to accept it .
Below is our condition grading criteria but if you want to see some real examples , read our blog post , Bookbyte 's Definition of a Damaged Textbook
You will receive the whole quoted amount for books with minor to no signs of wear and tear , and other general damagge from use .
All packages must be included and all text legible .
Bookbyte pays the same amount for used and unused books in acceptable condition .
Books that have excessive writing , highlighting , or other markings on over 75 % of the pages ; cover damage greater than a 2 " x2 " section ; numerous torn pages ; excessive odor ; mold ; obscured text or illegible text ; or severe staining covering more than a 1/3 of the page and spanning more than 1/3 of the book ; missign pages or stuck - together pages ; or books that are demmed inauthentic or a replica .
Non-resalable books will be recycled and no payment will be sent .
Okay , got it !
The American public is not buying the arguments of President Bush and the oil industry that new drilling will lower gas prices , a new poll finds .
1
Conducted over the last week by Belden Russonello and Stewart , the poll finds that despite the recent push to convince lawmakers to open the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge and the Outer Continental Shelf to drilling , and to allow new oil shale projects in the Rocky Mountain West , a majority ( 54 % ) of Americans do not see more drilling as a solution to high gas prices .
In fact , the poll finds , the public overwhelmingly believes ( 76 % to 19 % ) that policymakers should focus on investing in new energy technologies including renewable fuels and more efficient vehicles rather than expanding exploration and drilling for more oil .
When asked the question : “ Looking to the future , which one of the following do you think should be a more important priority for government :
Investing in new energy technology including renewable fuels and more efficient automobiles , or expanding exploration and drilling for more oil ? ” , more than three - quarters of respondents favored new technology and renewables .
Additionally , a majority of Americans ( 63 % ) said that the President ’s proposal to open up public lands to oil and gas drilling is “ more likely to enrich oil companies than to lower gas prices for American consumers . ”
Of course , you should take this data with a grain of salt and be careful about the conclusions you draw from it .
As indicated by the footnote , the margin of error in the poll is 3.5 % , which indicates that the margin between the percentage of Americans that do n’t think more drilling will reduce gas prices ( 54 % ) , and the percentage of who Americans that do think more drilling will bring lower gas prices ( 46 % ) is virtually nil .
But the results do indicate that there is a significant portion of Americans who are not buying the rhetorical claims made by John McCain , George W. Bush , and other members of the “ we must drill more now ” club .
Other posts about oil prices and offshore drilling :
1 . The poll was a nationally representative telephone survey of 821 adults between July 16 and 20 , 2008 .
The margin of sampling error is ± 3.5 percentage points at a 95 % confidence level
Photo Credit : mandj98 via flickr under a Creative Commons License
一時Makefileに凝っていました。Makefileの記述構文のなかに、「Lispに似た小さな関数型言語が埋め込まれているんだ」とか言ってましたよね。あれはまー、遊び半分なんだけど、このテの知識は、実際にMakefileを読み書きするときにも役にたちます。
過去 のMakefile関係エントリーを読み返そうと思ったら、けっこう量があるし、紆余曲折があるんで、ここに整理してまとめておこうと思います。
内容：
参考資料 概念と用語 データ型 変数 関数 制御構造 画面出力と強制終 了
●参考資 料
Makefileに関しては、次のエントリー群でゴタゴタと説明しています。
もっとも信頼できる原典は：
●概念と用 語
ここでは、GNU make のMakefile構文の一部を関数型言語と考えます。よって、プログラミング言語の用語法を使うことにします。
ここで使う用語 普通使われている用語 Make言語 Makefileの記述構文 言語処理系 GNU makeコマンド ソースコー ド
Makefile 変数 単純変数 関数 再帰的変数 関数の引数 再帰的変数のパラメータ 代入 := による代入 関数定義 = による代 入
ソースコードの拡張子は.mkとします。次がソースコードと処理系（インタプリタ）実行の例です。Make言語の処理系（GNU makeのことね）はバージョン3.81以上を使用してください。
# hello.mk
$ ( info Hello , world . ) end :
@echo Done .
$ make -f hello.mk
Hello , world .
Done . $
以下では 、Lispと親和性が高い $ (...) という構文を使いますが、 $ {...} も使えます。なお、個々の組み込み関数については説明しないので、マニュアルなどにあたってください。
●データ 型
Make言語のデータは基本的にテキスト文字列（ストリング）です。しかし、文脈により文字列がワード、リスト、またはブール値（boolean）として解釈されます。
ワード ： 空白を含まない文字の並 び
リスト ： いくつかのワードを空白で区切って並べたも の
ブール値 ： 空文字列が偽、その他は 真
次の例では、変数peopleの値は、foreach繰り返し構文のなかではリストとして解釈されます。foreachに関しては後でまた取り上げますから、雰囲気だけつかんでください。
# helloEverybody.mk
people := Taro Hanako Akira Yoko
$ ( foreach person , $( people ) , $( info Hello , $ ( person ) . ) ) end :
@echo Done .
$ make -f helloEverybody .mk
Hello , Taro .
Hello , Hanako .
Hello , Akira .
Hello , Yoko .
Done . $
次の例では、変数peopleの値は、if条件式のなかではブール値して解釈され、関数strip , substのなかでは単なる文字列と解釈されています。
# helloEverybody - 2.mk
NIL :=
SPACE :=$ ( NIL ) $ ( NIL )
COMMA := , # ARG の値はコマンドラインから設定する。 people := $ ( ARG ) people := $ ( if $ ( people ) , $( strip $ ( people ) ) , nobody )
people := $ ( subst $ ( SPACE ) , $( COMMA ) , $( people ) ) $ ( info Hello , $ ( people ) . ) end :
@echo Done .
$ make -f helloEverybody - 2.mk
Hello , nobody .
Done . $ make ARG=' Taro Hanako ' -f helloEverybody - 2.mk
Hello , Taro , Hanako .
Done . $
●変数
変数名 := 式 により変数の宣言と初期化がされる。 変数名 := により変数に空文字列が設定される。 $ ( 変数名 ) により変数参照ができる。 宣言されてない（未定義）変数の値は空文字列とみなされる。未定義変数と値がほんとに空文字列である変数の区別はorigin関数で行える（下の例）。 コマンドライン指定の変数や環境変数は宣言なしに参照できる。これらの変数は、値を書き換えるべきではない（コマンドラインからの変数はそもそも書き換えできない）。 変数名 += 式 で古い値への追加（アペンド）、 変数名 ?= 式 で変数が未定義のときだけ代入ができる。「+=」を関数定義（後述）に使うべきではない。
# vars.mk
foo :=
$ ( info foo= '$ ( foo ) ' )
$ ( info bar= ' $ ( bar ) ' )
$ ( info baz= '$ ( baz ) ' ) $ ( info origin ( foo ) is $ ( origin foo ) )
$ ( info origin ( bar ) is $ ( origin bar ) )
$ ( info origin ( baz ) is $ ( origin baz ) ) end :
@echo Done .
$ make baz= -f vars.mk
foo= ''
bar= ''
baz= ''
origin ( foo ) is file
origin ( bar ) is undefined
origin ( baz ) is command line
Done . $
●関数
関数名 = 式 により関数を定義できる。 関数への引数は、関数定義の右辺内で $ ( 1 ) , $ ( 2 ) , ... などで示す。 $ ( 関数名 ) により引数なし関数を呼び出せる。 $ ( 関数名 引数1 , 引数2 , ... ) により組み込み関数を呼び出せる。 $ ( call 関数名 , 引数1, 引数2 , ... )
によりユーザー定義関数を呼び出せる。残念ながら、組み込み関数と同じ構文でユーザー定義関数を呼び出すことはできない。*1
次は、関数型言語でよく使う制御構造（高階関数）であるfoldrを定義して、foldrを使ってリストを逆順にする関数reverseを定義したものです。
# reverse.mk Null = $ ( if $ ( 1 ) , , T )
Cdr = $ ( wordlist 2 , $ ( words $ ( 1 ) ) , $ ( 1 ) ) Foldr = \
$ ( if $ ( call Null , $ ( 3 ) ) , $ ( 2 ) , $ ( call $ ( 1 ) , $( firstword $ ( 3 ) ) , $( call Foldr , $ ( 1 ) , $ ( 2 ) , $( call Cdr , $ ( 3 ) ) ) ) ) PutLast = $ ( 2 ) $ (1 ) Reverse = $ ( call Foldr , PutLast , , $ ( 1 ) ) FRUITS := apple orange banana
$( info FRUITS=$( FRUITS ) )
$ ( info Reverse ( FRUITS ) =$ ( call Reverse , $( FRUITS ) ) ) end :
@echo Done .
$ make -f reverse.mk
FRUITS =apple orange banana
Reverse( FRUITS ) = banana orange apple
Done . $
上記 のMake言語ソースを忠実にJavaScript（処理系はRhino）に翻訳すると次のようになります。ただし、Make言語のリストをJavaScriptの配列として解釈しています。
/* listは配列だとする */ /* Null = $ ( if $ ( 1 ) , , T ) */
function Null ( list ) {
if ( list.length ) {
return false ;
} else {
return true ;
}
} /* Cdr = $ ( wordlist 2 , $ ( words $ ( 1 ) ) , $ ( 1 ) ) */
function Cdr(list ) {
return list.slice ( 1 , list.length ) ;
} /*
* Foldr = \
* $( if $ ( call Null , $ ( 3 ) ) ,
* $ ( 2 ) ,
* $ ( call $ ( 1 ) , $( firstword $ ( 3 ) ) ,
* $( call Foldr , $ ( 1 ) , $ ( 2 ) , $( call Cdr , $ ( 3 ) ) ) ) )
*/
function Foldr ( fun , acc , list ) {
if ( Null ( list ) ) {
return acc ;
} else {
return fun( list [ 0 ] , Foldr ( fun , acc , Cdr( list ) ) ) ;
}
} /* PutLast = $ ( 2 ) $ (1 ) */
function PutLast ( item , list ) {
list.push ( item ) ;
return list ;
} /* Reverse = $( call Foldr , PutLast , , $ ( 1 ) ) */
function Reverse( list ) {
return Foldr( PutLast , [ ] , list ) ;
} /* FRUITS := apple orange banana */
var FRUITS = [ " apple " , " orange " , " banana " ] ; /* $( info FRUITS=$( FRUITS ) ) */
print ( " FRUITS= " + FRUITS ) ; /* $ ( info Reverse ( FRUITS ) =$ ( call Reverse , $( FRUITS ) ) ) */
print ( " Reverse ( FRUITS ) = " + Reverse ( FRUITS ) ) ;
●制御構 造
条件分岐は $ ( if 条件式 , 式 ) 、または $ ( if 条件式 , 式1, 式2 ) 。 繰り返しは $ ( foreach 変数名 , リスト , 式 ) 。リストの各要素が変数名で指定した変数に代入され、式が実行される。式のなかでは代入された変数値（各項目）を使用できる。全ての評価結果を空白をはさんで連結したリスト文字列が値となる（下の例を参照）。
短絡的に実行される（ショートサーキット評価される）andとorも制御構造として使える。構文は、
$ ( and 式 1［ , 式2 , …］ ) 、 $ ( or 式 1［ , 式2 , …］ ) 。andは、引数に偽（空文字列）が出現したところで評価が終わり、空文字列が返される。orは、引数に真（非空文字列）が出現したところで評価が終わり、その非空文字列が返される。
# helloEverybody - 3.mk
people := Taro Hanako Akira Yoko
greeting := $ ( foreach person , $( people ) , Hello , $ ( person ) . )
$ ( info $ ( greeting ) ) end :
@echo Done .
$ make -f hell oEverybody - 3.mk
Hello , Taro .
Hello , Hanako .
Hello , Akira .
Hello , Yoko .
Done . $
# eq.mk
Eq = $ ( and $ ( findstring $ ( 1 ) X , $ ( 2 ) X ) , $( findstring $ ( 2 ) X , $ ( 1 ) X ) ) $ ( info ' $ ( ARG1 ) ' and ' $ ( ARG2 ) ' : $ ( if $ ( call Eq , $ ( ARG1 ) , $( ARG2 ) ) , Equal , NOT Equal ) ) end :
@echo Done .
$ make ARG1 =foo ARG2 =foo -f eq.mk
' foo ' and ' foo ' : Equal
Done . $ make ARG1 =foo ARG2 =bar -f eq.mk
' foo ' and ' bar ' : NOT Equal
Done . $
●画面出力と強制終 了
$ ( info 式 ) で式の評価結果を画面に書き出せる。 $ ( info 式 ) 全体は空文字列に評価される。 $ ( error 式) で式の評価結果をエラーメッセージとして画面に表示し、処理系が終了する。
# deadOrAlive.mk
Eq = $ ( and $ ( findstring $ ( 1 ) X , $ ( 2 ) X ) , $( findstring $ ( 2 ) X , $ ( 1 ) X ) ) $ ( if $ ( call Eq , $ ( ARG ) , Die ) , $ ( error Dead ) , $( info Alive ) ) end :
@echo Done .
Do you know more ?
Are you a victim of the scam ?
Message 0424 SMS SMH ( +61 424 767 764 ) or email us with information or images .
--------------
The former state opposition leader , Kerry Chikarovski , also lost $ 350 trying to buy two extra tickets to the Games .
The International Olympic Committee has been flooded with complaints from hundreds of people worldwide who have realised they had been conned , including the parents and friends of competing athletes .
Yesterday , a spokesman for the Australian Olympic Committee , Mike Tancred , said it had received many complaints but it had consistently told consumers to buy only from the authorised Australian ticketing agent , CoSports .
The international committee won a restraining order in the US to shut down www.beijing-tickets2008.com several weeks ago .
Lawyers for the committee will appear before a federal court judge in San Francisco tomorrow to shut down the other website .
But yesterday www. beijing ticketing.com was still offering tickets for events that have been sold out for months .
The website claims to sell A - class tickets to the swimming finals for $ 695 and said it had A - class tickets to Friday 's opening ceremony for $ 2150 .
It claimed the other categories for the opening ceremony had been sold out .
The site provides a London phone number but gives a registered office address in Arizona .
A Brisbane property developer , Rob Jones , said he lost $ 46,000 but was still flying to Beijing today to try to secure some tickets for the Games .
" I have already paid for the flights and accommodation and I have managed to get a few tickets to a few events , but obviously the tickets that I bought through this website are gone , " Mr Jones said .
" I had bought opening and closing ceremony tickets , swim finals and some football tickets .
I must say that up until now I was hoping that the tickets would just turn up , but I have been complaining to various authorities about this because I sensed it was a scam a few months ago .
" I 'll pursue this when I get back , I am going to track these guys .
I have been in touch with some others who have lost money and we estimate these guys have been raking in much more than $ 50 million . "
The Australian Olympic Committee 's director of marketing and branding protection , Alan Grover , has told the international committee : " With respect to ticket scamming there has been a reasonable number who have been caught …
" The AOC has always advised consumers to only buy tickets from the official ticket provider and no one else despite the fact they all claimed offshore websites had plenty of tickets when CoSport had none . "
Mr Jones and another victim , who said he was too embarrassed at being fleeced to give his name , said they had been taken in by the use of what appeared to be the Beijing Olympic logo ( it is similar but not the same ) and a professional - looking website .
Mr Jones said he had searched online for tickets and the website was one of the first to pop up .
A United States Olympic Committee official , Kelly Maser , had contacted the Australian committee seeking details of people who may have been swindled to help in its legal action .
She wrote : " As you surely know , the USOC has been working with the IOC on the US lawsuits involving the fraudulent sales of Olympic tickets through www.beijingticketing.com and other related websites . "
Officials at the international , Australian and US committees say they are unable to provide consumers with replacement tickets or refunds .
There has been talk about shifting the topic of the first presidential debate , if it occurs , from foreign policy to the economy .
There is no need for any change .
There are few things that could have damaged our standing in the world more than the gross incompetence — of government and financial institutions — shown by the current financial debacle .
Following is an excerpt from a recent book , “ For the Soul of Mankind : The United States , the Soviet Union and the Cold War , ” by Melvin P. Leffler , a historian at the University of Virginia .
He is discussing Dwight Eisenhower ’s policies when he became president in 1953 .
I have added the bold face for emphasis .
The real challenge , Ike maintained in one of his campaign speeches , “ is to build the defense with wisdom and efficiency .
We must achieve both security and solvency .
In fact , the foundation of military strength is economic strength .
A bankrupt America is more the Soviet goal than an America conquered on the field of battle . ”
If Ike were able to hear what is going on now , he would probably cringe at the comments made today by Peer Steinbrueck , the German finance minister , as reported by Bloomberg :
“ One thing seems probable to me : The U.S. will lose its status as the superpower of the global financial system . ”
.
You are being redirected to https://github.com/liflg.
If you are not redirected after a few seconds , please click on the link above !
I ’ve been perusing an issue of CSA News , the newsletter of a Kansas creationist group , written by a charming fellow named Tom Willis who believes that supporters of evolution should be denied the right to vote .
Willis also says that “ the facts warrant the violent expulsion of all evolutionists from civilized society ” and apparently sees nothing strange about believing that evolution inspired both socialism and predatory capitalism , as well as both right - wing fascism and left - wing communism .
But there ’s a different evil he attributes to evolution that I want to talk about today .
[ Evolution ] was also a major justification in the defense of slavery in the 1800 ’s against Christian opponents .
Yes , he really says this .
One would think Mr. Willis might have noticed that the places where slavery was most prominent were also the places where evolution historically and still today has encountered the greatest resistance .
Evidently , he expects us to believe those slaveholding Southern states had an abrupt change of heart after the Civil War and went from being fervent supporters of evolution to staunch opponents virtually overnight .
But never mind that .
Against Mr. Willis ’ ludicrous claim that defenders of slavery were motivated by evolution , let ’s see what justifications were actually invoked by the slaveholding Confederate States of America .
Ed Brayton cites the famous “ Cornerstone Speech ” , delivered by CSA Vice President Alexander Stephens , who said that abolitionists “ were attempting to make things equal which the Creator had made unequal ” :
With us , all of the white race , however high or low , rich or poor , are equal in the eye of the law .
Not so with the negro .
Subordination is his place .
He , by nature , or by the curse against Canaan , is fitted for that condition which he occupies in our system …
It is , indeed , in conformity with the ordinance of the Creator .
It is not for us to inquire into the wisdom of his ordinances , or to question them .
For his own purposes , he has made one race to differ from another , as he has made “ one star to differ from another star in glory . ”
I would add the following sentiment from the CSA ’s President , Jefferson Davis , who said that slavery
was established by decree of Almighty God … it is sanctioned in the Bible , in both Testaments , from Genesis to Revelation … it has existed in all ages , has been found among the people of the highest civilization , and in nations of the highest proficiency in the arts .
The CSA as a country took these sentiments to heart , which is why they made their official motto “ Deo vindice ” – “ God is our defender ” .
Notably , their motto was not “ Darwin vindice “ .
The Confederate constitution , unlike the U.S. Constitution , also directly invoked the blessings of God .
These views carried down to the Confederate military officers who led the battle for secession .
The Confederate general Leonidas Polk was a bishop of the Episcopal diocese of Louisiana .
Confederate general Thomas “ Stonewall ” Jackson was a fervent Presbyterian whose nickname was “ Deacon Jackson ” .
Supposedly , both Jackson and Confederate general William Rosecrans were hesitant to fight on Sundays [ actually , Rosecrans was a Union general — Ed. ] .
Polk also baptized two other Confederate generals , John Bell Hood and Joseph Johnston , who converted during the war .
Robert E. Lee himself , commander of the Confederate army , was a devout believer who at one point served as president of the Rockridge Bible Society , of which Stonewall Jackson was also a member .
Lee ’s views on slavery are more complicated than some of his fellow Confederates , but insofar as he considered it an evil , he apparently considered it an evil to whites , not blacks , and thought that blacks were “ immeasurably better off ” enslaved in America than free in Africa .
The Confederacy as a whole was extremely religious .
The Confederate army experienced a massive religious revival in 1863 , about which CSA army chaplain John William Jones wrote a book called Christ in the Camp which estimates that over 150,000 soldiers were converted .
( No corresponding wave of abolitionist sentiment seems to have arisen . )
Confederate soldier John Dooley wrote a letter home that said :
Perhaps this is the night for prayer meeting , for the parsons , taking advantage of this period of calm , are indefatigable in their efforts to draw the soldiers together to sing psalms and assist at prayer .
Hundreds and thousands respond to their call and the woods resound for miles around with the unscientific but earnest music of the rough veterans of Lee ’s army .
In doleful contrast to the more enlivening notes of the initiated , the chorus of the ‘ Mourners ’ may often be recognized ; for conversions among the non-religious members of the army of Lee are of daily occurrence , and when they establish themselves upon the ‘ Mourners Bench ’ , it is evident to all how deep and loud is their repentance .
There is something very solemn in these immense choruses of earnest voices , and there are , I am sure , hundreds of these honest soldiers truly sincere in believing that they are offering their most acceptable service to God .
Only in delusional fantasies like those of Tom Willis was the Confederacy led by evolutionists .
In reality , the CSA was a deeply religious if not theocratic nation .
It based its defense of slavery on Christianity and a no doubt widespread and sincere belief in God .
One supposes that creationists , who are practiced at rejecting vast amounts of evidence as a matter of course , may have trained themselves to ignore all this in an effort to substitute their preferred version of reality .
Move over , compact discs .
Something the size of a fingernail may offer the music industry a way to boost sales in retail stores as CD purchases continue to decline .
The four major record labels plan to start selling their music on mini flash memory cards that can be loaded into some mobile phones , digital music players and car stereos .
Made by SanDisk Corp. , the slotMusic cards are expected to go on sale before the holiday season at Best Buy Co. and Wal - Mart Stores Inc.
Neither SanDisk nor the record labels would disclose the price of the cards , other than to say they would be comparable to CDs .
In addition to music , the slotMusic cards will come pre-loaded with other things , such as liner notes , album - cover artwork and sometimes video .
Advertisement
Like many new formats before it , slotMusic faces major challenges in winning over mainstream consumers .
Music industry executives say that they are n’t sure it will catch on but that they want to experiment with new ways of distributing their work .
SanDisk , a Milpitas , Calif. , storage company , is the No. 2 seller of digital music players behind Apple Inc .
Its goal with slotMusic is to offer consumers the ability to listen to digital music without having to use their computers .
The memory card can be plugged into most mobile phones or digital music players that have micro-SD slots , as well as computers or car audio systems with USB ports .
For many people , buying digital music is still too complex , said Rio Caraeff , executive vice president of Universal Music Group ’s digital division .
Advertisement
“ There is a segment of the market that can use a solution that can combine the benefits of both digital and physical medium , ” he said .
Universal , the world ’s largest record label , will start with 30 albums available on slotMusic cards , including new releases and compilations .
The next album of one of its hip - hop stars , Akon , will be released on slotMusic as well as on other formats .
Because they are so small , Caraeff expects that slotMusic cards will sit on racks where shoppers do n’t normally find music , such as at the supermarket checkout line and mall kiosks .
The music on slotMusic comes without copyright protection , so it can be used on almost all computers , mobile phones and music players -- but it wo n’t play on an iPod , which does n’t have a micro -SD memory slot .
It has one gigabyte of memory , and the music tracks are played back at high quality .
Advertisement
During SanDisk ’s consumer research , slotMusic was well received among teenagers , who wanted to try out the latest technology , as well as with young working women who wanted to own music but did n’t want to take the time researching what to buy on a website , said Daniel Schrieber , senior vice president and general manager of SanDisk ’s audio video business unit .
Mike McGuire , an analyst with research firm Gartner Inc. , said that slotMusic faced numerous challenges , including getting people to accept a new music format .
But the biggest problem , he said , may be that Apple ’s iTunes and other download services have made customers used to buying a song at a time , not an album , and making their own compilations .
“ For a lot of people who have been online for a while , it is going to be a hard sell , ” he said .
Advertisement
--
michelle.quinn@latimes.com
According to the water cops down in San Antonio , Jones was the eighth - biggest water user in the city , gushing out 128,139 gallons per month in the last seven months -- that 's more than $ 300 per month on H20 alone !
Folks in San Antone are on year - round water restrictions , and an average homeowner uses about eight or nine thousand gallons a month .
A federal judge in San Jose handed a victory to fair - use advocates today , refusing to dismiss a lawsuit that a Pennsylvania woman filed after Universal Music Publishing forced YouTube to remove a video of her children cavorting to an old Prince hit .
But it may prove Pyrrhic , as the judge expressed doubt that the woman would ultimately be able to prove her case .
The legal skirmish centers on a 29 - second video that Stephanie Lenz posted to YouTube last year that features her then - 13 - month - old son racing around the kitchen .
The video includes a decidedly low - fi recording of Prince 's " Let 's Go Crazy . "
At Universal 's request , YouTube removed the video and kept it off for more than a month , prompting Lenz to sue .
Lawyers from the Electronic Frontier Foundation , which represents Lenz , argued that Universal violated the notice and takedown provision of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act , which says copyright holders can demand the removal of their works from the Web if they have " a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner , its agent , or the law . "
Because the video was a fair use of Prince 's work , the EFF contended , Universal violated the DMCA .
Universal countered by arguing that no copyright holder should have to consider fair use before sending out takedown notices .
Fair use is a defense available to those who infringe , not a right , the publisher claimed .
Judge Jeremy Fogel disagreed .
Here 's his reasoning :
Having led many polls by two to three to four points for several weeks , Mr Obama has now been trailing by about two points for ten days in an aggregate poll taken by Real Clear Politics .
In key states such as Michigan , Ohio and Pennsylvania his advantage has also slipped by two to three .
nasadude
join:2001 -10-05
Rockville , MD nasadude Member our competitive market well , the march backwards starts Oct. 1 .
caps beat the hell out of capex to add capacity do n't they ?
wonder how much Robert 's bonus will be for the period beginning Oct. 1 ?
TilhasBB
Premium Member
join:2000-08-05
canada 2 edits TilhasBB Premium Member Re : our competitive market 250 GB is so bad .
Right now its okay but not for long when HD Youtube and such goes live .
Once inforced I dont think they will ever up it .
djrobx
Premium Member
join:2000-05-31
Valencia , CA djrobx Premium Member Re : our competitive market said by TilhasBB :
250 GB is so bad .
Right now its okay but not for long when HD Youtube and such goes live .
Once inforced I dont think they will ever up it .
250 GB is so bad .
Right now its okay but not for long when HD Youtube and such goes live .
Once inforced I dont think they will ever up it .
lot better than the 20 GB cap Time Warner is " testing " on their Standard customers in Beaumont .
It 's abetter than the 20 GB cap Time Warner is " testing " on their Standard customers in Beaumont .
funchords
Hello
MVM
join:2001-03-11
Yarmouth Port , MA funchords MVM Re : our competitive market said by djrobx :
It 's a lot better than the 20 GB cap Time Warner is " testing " on their Standard customers in Beaumont .
It 's abetter than the 20 GB cap Time Warner is " testing " on their Standard customers in Beaumont .
on the other hand , Comcast never competes with Time Warner .
On one hand , Comcast has a new ad slogan opportunity ... " Well , we 're not as bad as Time Warner " ... on the other hand , Comcastcompetes with Time Warner .
Rob
Premium Member
join:2001-08-25
Miami , FL Rob Premium Member Re : our competitive market said by funchords :
said by djrobx :
It 's a lot better than the 20 GB cap Time Warner is " testing " on their Standard customers in Beaumont .
It 's abetter than the 20 GB cap Time Warner is " testing " on their Standard customers in Beaumont .
never competes with Time Warner .
on the other hand , Comcastcompetes with Time Warner .
Right .
They could have just made it 20 GB and called it a day , instead they made it a reasonable 250GB .
N10 Cities
Premium Member
join:2002-05-07
0000000 N10 Cities Premium Member Re : our competitive market A lot higher than Cox 's 60 GB cap on Premier Tier , although they RARELY enforce it ....
Dreadan
join:2005-11-15
Argonne , WI Dreadan Member Re : our competitive market I 'll trade my 5 gb frontier cap for the 250
Iria
@good.com Iria Anon Re : our competitive market Yah , I was thinking of the Frontier cap ...
funchords
Hello
MVM
join:2001-03-11
Yarmouth Port , MA funchords to Rob
MVM to Rob
said by Rob : said by funchords : said by djrobx :
It 's a lot better than the 20 GB cap Time Warner is " testing " on their Standard customers in Beaumont .
It 's abetter than the 20 GB cap Time Warner is " testing " on their Standard customers in Beaumont .
never competes with Time Warner .
on the other hand , Comcastcompetes with Time Warner .
Right .
They could have just made it 20 GB and called it a day , instead they made it a reasonable 250GB .
But my gut so far tells me that today this DL Cap is somewhere in the neighborhood of " fair enough . "
The break - even point could be about 150 - 350 GB ( such a wide range because much of the cost is in infrastructure ) .
I still do n't think customers want caps -- so Comcast has disappointed today .
But if they insist on having them , disclosing them is the right thing to do .
At this point in the day , we only have Karl 's insider 's information to go on .
We do n't know if upload is included , nor if the cap will increase regularly .
But my gut so far tells me that today this DL Cap is somewhere in the neighborhood of " fair enough . "
The break - even point could be about 150 - 350 GB ( such a wide range because much of the cost is in infrastructure ) .
I still do n't think customers want caps -- so Comcast has disappointed today .
But if they insist on having them , disclosing them is the right thing to do .
Rob
Premium Member
join:2001-08-25
Miami , FL Rob Premium Member Re : our competitive market said by funchords :
At this point in the day , we only have Karl 's insider 's information to go on .
We do n't know if upload is included , nor if the cap will increase regularly .
But my gut so far tells me that today this DL Cap is somewhere in the neighborhood of " fair enough . "
The break - even point could be about 150 - 350 GB ( such a wide range because much of the cost is in infrastructure ) .
I still do n't think customers want caps -- so Comcast has disappointed today .
But if they insist on having them , disclosing them is the right thing to do .
At this point in the day , we only have Karl 's insider 's information to go on .
We do n't know if upload is included , nor if the cap will increase regularly .
But my gut so far tells me that today this DL Cap is somewhere in the neighborhood of " fair enough . "
The break - even point could be about 150 - 350 GB ( such a wide range because much of the cost is in infrastructure ) .
I still do n't think customers want caps -- so Comcast has disappointed today .
But if they insist on having them , disclosing them is the right thing to do .
Ca n't have your cake and eat it too Robb .
funchords
Hello
MVM
join:2001-03-11
Yarmouth Port , MA 1 edit funchords MVM Re : our competitive market said by Rob :
Ca n't have your cake and eat it too Robb .
Ca n't have your cake and eat it too Robb .
I can watch unlimited OnDemand movies .
That takes bandwidth .
If everyone on my block did it , each choosing different movies , we could very well recreate similar cost - of - service ( upgrade ) situations on the non-HSI that Comcast faces on the HSI side .
So I can have my cake and eat it too , no ?
That 's an old saying , but what does it mean ?
I can watch unlimited OnDemand movies .
That takes bandwidth .
If everyone on my block did it , each choosing different movies , we could very well recreate similar cost - of - service ( upgrade ) situations on the non-HSI that Comcast faces on the HSI side .
So I can have my cake and eat it too , no ?
miscDude
@208.17.34.x miscDude Anon Re : our competitive market Actually , your comparison is flawed for a couple reasons .
1 . The major costs for an ISP are not always the raw bandwidth of their network , but the interconnect fees and uplinks with the rest of the internet .
2. VOD content is stored on a VOD cluster at your local headend .
Internet data is ... well .. on the internet .
VOD goes from the cluster straight to RF to be broadcast on a VOD RF video channel .
Internet data is a lot more shared .
3 . Depending on the way your local node is setup , if everybody on your block was watching VOD at the same time , you could get an error because there is not another Video channel to put the new content on .
Data services and video services on a cable plant work a lot differently .
Even on the backbone side of their network , a cableco may have a 100gig fiber link connecting all the systems within their area , but that link carries all their traffic , from video , to phone , to internet ... and even their internal network traffic .
The video feeds are going to be sent multicast to the different headends , so you are looking at 1 feed per channel for every system .
Phone does take much space on their network .
Internet however you are looking at .... in theory ... 1 stream per customer .
The internet traffic is going to obviously be taking up a lot more traffic as a whole on their network than any other catagory of traffic when you look at it .
Even if you break it down per customer or per account ,
You use more bandwith on their network with your HSI , even if you just check your email and BBR several times a day , than you do for your TV service .
( Figure even a HD channel running at 19 mbps , multicast across their video backbone to every system in the area , and then given a dedicated RF video channel .... if you divide that bandwith across the 100,000 + customers in just your area , it 's virtually nothing . )
Now I 'm not going to say I 'm for or against caps .
I have n't honestly paid enough attention to the debate to be able to make a decision ... but from the big network management side of things , I can see a need to have some sort of management practice in place in order to be able to manage the network .... or even just to plan capacity upgrades .
Obviously you can't lay down and turn up new fiber overnight , so I can see an advantage to having some manageable numbers available to help with the planning of capacity upgrades .
( and 250 gb is definately better than the much smaller numbers other ISP 's have given us ... and it's better in my opinion to know the limit than for them to keep the numbers hidden . )
funchords
Hello
MVM
join:2001-03-11
Yarmouth Port , MA funchords MVM Re : our competitive market said by miscDude :
1 . The major costs for an ISP are not always the raw bandwidth of their network , but the interconnect fees and uplinks with the rest of the internet .
2. VOD content is stored on a VOD cluster at your local headend .
Internet data is ... well .. on the internet .
VOD goes from the cluster straight to RF to be broadcast on a VOD RF video channel .
Internet data is a lot more shared .
3 . Depending on the way your local node is setup , if everybody on your block was watching VOD at the same time , you could get an error because there is not another Video channel to put the new content on .
# 1 is true for the TV side as well .
The content comes from somewhere , and although we might have to make one step down away from the 3rd - part aggregation point in order to make my comparison , there are one - time and ongoing costs for interconnecting these things even within the same metro area .
# 2 -- to RF , really ?
It 's not sent to my box digitally and converted into RF there ?
# 3 and this is really the rough comparison I 'm making -- both systems are ( roughly ) similarly subject to usage saturation .
But we 're making " hogs " out of the users who do n't watch Comcast video products .
All in all , I agree with the gist of your message , though .
Part of Network Management is not selling more than you can reasonably expect to deliver .
By putting in a cap , Comcast is saying that it can only deliver X . Now , they could rearrange things and avoid naming a cap , but doing so would expose Comcast to some competitive truths it would rather customers not know -- such as DSL may not be as fast second - by - second , but overall the Tortoise beats the Hare .
You should be a member .
We need informed people like you on this system .
I could give you a " thumbs up " if you were a member .
#1 is true for the TV side as well .
The content comes from somewhere , and although we might have to make one step down away from the 3rd - part aggregation point in order to make my comparison , there are one - time and ongoing costs for interconnecting these things even within the same metro area .
#2 -- to RF , really ?
It 's not sent to my box digitally and converted into RF there ?
#3 and this is really the rough comparison I 'm making -- both systems are ( roughly ) similarly subject to usage saturation .
But we 're making " hogs " out of the users who do n't watch Comcast video products .
All in all , I agree with the gist of your message , though .
Part of Network Management is not selling more than you can reasonably expect to deliver .
By putting in a cap , Comcast is saying that it can only deliver X . Now , they could rearrange things and avoid naming a cap , but doing so would expose Comcast to some competitive truths it would rather customers not know -- such as DSL may not be as fast second - by - second , but overall the Tortoise beats the Hare .
djrobx
Premium Member
join:2000-05-31
Valencia , CA djrobx Premium Member Re : our competitive market Cable VOD works by dynamically creating a QAM channel , typically unencrypted .
You can sometimes find shows your neighbors are watching if you do a channel scan .
Of course , if they pause the show to go to the bathroom , you 're pausing too .
skuv
@rr.com skuv to funchords
Anon to funchords
said by funchords :
# 2 -- to RF , really ?
It 's not sent to my box digitally and converted into RF there ?
# 2 -- to RF , really ?
It 's not sent to my box digitally and converted into RF there ?
VOD is just another channel on a QAM over RF .
It will be combined with other channels , just as digital channel delivery occurs now over QAMs .
SDV is the same way , your set top box requests a channel and it is built on an IP Multicast network , but in the end , it is a channel riding on a QAM over RF to you .
Sometimes , depending on the cable company , if you have a TV that has a QAM tuner , and you auto - tune channels , you can pick up VOD streams that are currently playing while you were auto - tuning .
If the cable company is not encrypting the feed to the cable box .
Yes , the only thing that can get to current generation digital set top boxes is RF over the coax .
VOD is just another channel on a QAM over RF .
It will be combined with other channels , just as digital channel delivery occurs now over QAMs .
SDV is the same way , your set top box requests a channel and it is built on an IP Multicast network , but in the end , it is a channel riding on a QAM over RF to you .
Sometimes , depending on the cable company , if you have a TV that has a QAM tuner , and you auto - tune channels , you can pick up VOD streams that are currently playing while you were auto - tuning .
If the cable company is not encrypting the feed to the cable box .
funchords
Hello
MVM
join:2001-03-11
Yarmouth Port , MA funchords MVM Re : our competitive market No , I get that .
I thought it was saying in # 2 that the signal is sent as analog .
( Mentally , I was interpreting the word RF as " analog signal . " )
miscDude
@208.17.34.x miscDude to funchords
Anon to funchords
said by funchords :
# 1 is true for the TV side as well .
The content comes from somewhere , and although we might have to make one step down away from the 3rd - part aggregation point in order to make my comparison , there are one - time and ongoing costs for interconnecting these things even within the same metro area .
# 2 -- to RF , really ?
It 's not sent to my box digitally and converted into RF there ?
# 3 and this is really the rough comparison I 'm making -- both systems are ( roughly ) similarly subject to usage saturation .
But we 're making " hogs " out of the users who do n't watch Comcast video products .
# 1 is true for the TV side as well .
The content comes from somewhere , and although we might have to make one step down away from the 3rd - part aggregation point in order to make my comparison , there are one - time and ongoing costs for interconnecting these things even within the same metro area .
#2 -- to RF , really ?
It 's not sent to my box digitally and converted into RF there ?
#3 and this is really the rough comparison I 'm making -- both systems are ( roughly ) similarly subject to usage saturation .
But we 're making " hogs " out of the users who do n't watch Comcast video products .
# 2 As others already pointed out ,
It 's sent via QAM digitally , but QAM works different from DOCSIS for your data .
# 3 The big differences " last mile " between your VOD and data is the way the system reacts .
With VOD if the capacity is maxed you just get an error that basically says " No available resources " ( channels ) when trying to set up the actual video session .
Beyond that , what other people are watching on their VOD stream is n't going to effect your VOD stream 's performance .
The actual QAM can 't / wo n't let any streams be created to max it 's available output bandwidth .
In theory , it 's also a bit easier to add capacity on the RF side because you could throw an extra QAM anyplace you have the available bandwitdth on the plant .
With a cable modem , things work differently .
First off , pretty much everybody is talking at the same time .
Your 2 places to control the speed are at the modem itself ( what it 's provisioned / capped at ) , and at the CMTS node equiptment .
Unlike a video stream with will take the available bandwidth and basically reserve X amount of bandwith for the stream and is the only thing broadcasting on that frequency , with a cable modem you have many different devices broadcasting basically sharing the big pipe .
What your neighbor is doing , can actually effect your performance .
( say your neighbor uncaps his cable modem so it no longer has the speed governor that the provisioning caps are there for ) .
It 's actually possible in theory to bring everybody 's feed to a standstill if you have too many devices trying to talk at once or have a couple uncapped modems just shotgunning out data without respect for the " rules of the road " and sharing the connection .
( I believe modems may use a time - sharing mechanism like settop boxes do to help avoid overtalk .. but I 'm not certain ) .
On top of that , it 's not as easy to add capacity .
Cable - modems ' tuners do n't have the frequency range that a video settop box has .
this limits the available RF space you can stick the downstream .
their transmitters are also limited in their frequency range .
So this means to just plug in additional capacity , you may have to do a lot of shuffling of services on the RF ... and that becomes a pain in the ass when you factor in FCC rules on notification .
The other , more widely used route is to do a node split .
Basically , you split the areas on the plant being fed by the CMTS at the node so you can basically create a new node .
This requires physical work because you need the new equiptment for the node , plus you need to do some rewireing work to basically cut the existing node in half RF wise so you do n't end up with cross - talk and end up breaking everything .
Once nice thing with DOCSIS 3 coming up is the fact that thru the channel bonding it makes it easier to enlarge the pipe .
Everybody looks at it as a way to increase their upload / download speeds , but if you think about the way everybody shares the existing pipe ,
If you enlarge that pipe but keep the existing speed caps , you are still going to get an effective speed increase during those peak times .
Even though it probably wo n't happened because of marketting , currently during peak times EVERYBODY may slow down a bit .. or a lot ... if you increase the size of the pipe , more data can get thru allowing everybody to stay at their top speeds even during those peak times .
Think of it like highway traffic .
We 've all been in situations where they close a lane or something and traffic slows dramatically for everybody .
We may have quick bursts up to a high speed , but we can't average anywhere near the speed limit .
Then suddenly a lane opens back up , and the traffic spreads out and increases speed .
Even if we are n't going above the speed limit like we may do during those off - peak times on the road , we are going much closer to the speedlimit and ultimately are averaging a higher speed than we were before just because there is more capacity .
Make sense ?
# 1
If you are refering to the costs for the content , that 's where your TV rates go .
Depending upon the size of the MSO , your interconnect fees ( to get the content ) could be handled at the system level , the region level , division , or corporate .
It all depends where they stick the dish .
The ongoing fees are the XX amount per subscriber fees that your tv rates go to pay .
#2
As others already pointed out ,
It 's sent via QAM digitally , but QAM works different from DOCSIS for your data .
#3
The big differences " last mile " between your VOD and data is the way the system reacts .
With VOD if the capacity is maxed you just get an error that basically says " No available resources " ( channels ) when trying to set up the actual video session .
Beyond that , what other people are watching on their VOD stream is n't going to effect your VOD stream 's performance .
The actual QAM can 't / wo n't let any streams be created to max it 's available output bandwidth .
In theory , it 's also a bit easier to add capacity on the RF side because you could throw an extra QAM anyplace you have the available bandwitdth on the plant .
With a cable modem , things work differently .
First off , pretty much everybody is talking at the same time .
Your 2 places to control the speed are at the modem itself ( what it 's provisioned / capped at ) , and at the CMTS node equiptment .
Unlike a video stream with will take the available bandwidth and basically reserve X amount of bandwith for the stream and is the only thing broadcasting on that frequency , with a cable modem you have many different devices broadcasting basically sharing the big pipe .
What your neighbor is doing , can actually effect your performance .
( say your neighbor uncaps his cable modem so it no longer has the speed governor that the provisioning caps are there for ) .
It 's actually possible in theory to bring everybody 's feed to a standstill if you have too many devices trying to talk at once or have a couple uncapped modems just shotgunning out data without respect for the " rules of the road " and sharing the connection .
( I believe modems may use a time - sharing mechanism like settop boxes do to help avoid overtalk .. but I 'm not certain ) .
On top of that , it 's not as easy to add capacity .
Cable - modems ' tuners do n't have the frequency range that a video settop box has .
this limits the available RF space you can stick the downstream .
their transmitters are also limited in their frequency range .
So this means to just plug in additional capacity , you may have to do a lot of shuffling of services on the RF ... and that becomes a pain in the ass when you factor in FCC rules on notification .
The other , more widely used route is to do a node split .
Basically , you split the areas on the plant being fed by the CMTS at the node so you can basically create a new node .
This requires physical work because you need the new equiptment for the node , plus you need to do some rewireing work to basically cut the existing node in half RF wise so you do n't end up with cross - talk and end up breaking everything .
Once nice thing with DOCSIS 3 coming up is the fact that thru the channel bonding it makes it easier to enlarge the pipe .
Everybody looks at it as a way to increase their upload / download speeds , but if you think about the way everybody shares the existing pipe ,
If you enlarge that pipe but keep the existing speed caps , you are still going to get an effective speed increase during those peak times .
Even though it probably wo n't happened because of marketting , currently during peak times EVERYBODY may slow down a bit .. or a lot ... if you increase the size of the pipe , more data can get thru allowing everybody to stay at their top speeds even during those peak times .
Think of it like highway traffic .
We 've all been in situations where they close a lane or something and traffic slows dramatically for everybody .
We may have quick bursts up to a high speed , but we can't average anywhere near the speed limit .
Then suddenly a lane opens back up , and the traffic spreads out and increases speed .
Even if we are n't going above the speed limit like we may do during those off - peak times on the road , we are going much closer to the speedlimit and ultimately are averaging a higher speed than we were before just because there is more capacity .
Make sense ?
patcat88
join:2002-04-05
Jamaica , NY patcat88 to funchords
Member to funchords
said by funchords :
I can watch unlimited OnDemand movies .
That takes bandwidth .
If everyone on my block did it , each choosing different movies , we could very well recreate similar cost - of - service ( upgrade ) situations on the non-HSI that Comcast faces on the HSI side .
So I can have my cake and eat it too , no ?
I can watch unlimited OnDemand movies .
That takes bandwidth .
If everyone on my block did it , each choosing different movies , we could very well recreate similar cost - of - service ( upgrade ) situations on the non-HSI that Comcast faces on the HSI side .
So I can have my cake and eat it too , no ?
OnDemand is circuit switched , not packet switched .
When your box errors out , thats a synonym for " all circuits are busy " .
I have n't seen cable companies ever care that VOD was not working 75 % of the time .
voipdabbler
join:2006-04-27
Kalispell , MT voipdabbler to funchords
Member to funchords
Actually , you 're being overly generous .
TW 's proposed cap is the same as Frontiers -- 5GB .
Desdinova
Premium Member
join:2003-01-26
Gaithersburg , MD 1 edit Desdinova to djrobx
Premium Member to djrobx
" It 's a lot better than the 20 GB cap Time Warner is " testing " on their Standard customers in Beaumont . "
Maybe so , but that 's like saying having your hand torn off is better than losing the whole arm ...* sigh *
PDXPLT
join:2003-12-04
Banks , OR 1 recommendation PDXPLT to nasadude
Member to nasadude
said by nasadude :
caps beat the hell out of capex to add capacity do n't they ?
caps beat the hell out of capex to add capacity do n't they ?
From Comcast 's POV , caps beat customers downloading so many videos , they stop buying HBO ( and other TV ) from them .
en102
Canadian , eh ?
join:2001-01-26
Valencia , CA en102 Member Re : our competitive market Maybe their customers will stop using their service altogether and use Verizon / AT&T ... and they wo n't get any service from them .
sapo
Cruising Down Memory Lane
Premium Member
join:2002-09-16
Sacramento , CA sapo Premium Member Re : our competitive market Comcast usually will beat their speeds unless its FIOS .
fiberguy2
My views are my own .
Premium Member
join:2005-05-20 fiberguy2 to en102
Premium Member to en102
said by en102 :
Maybe their customers will stop using their service altogether and use Verizon / AT&T ... and they wo n't get any service from them .
Maybe their customers will stop using their service altogether and use Verizon / AT&T ... and they wo n't get any service from them .
The MAJORITY of all the customer base will not even think two seconds about this change as it wo n't affect them .. who it WILL affect , .. mostly the people here bitching .
What does this tell you ?
... it tells you they do n't want you .. and , if you are going to get your service and go way beyond and push arguments like " It 's my internet and I 'll use it how I want " .. well ..? .. now you 're going to pay .
now you 're getting what you asked for ... you 're getting the clear caps and the hands off approach that everyone wanted .
Congratulate yourselves .
( en102 - this is n't directed necessarily at you .. juts felt like the right time and place to chime in )
Maybe you 're not in the majority then ..
MOST people will notice NOTHING with this change .
With that said , what many people are not getting is that this move is to go after those that constantly push the envelope , otherwise , the cap would be lower , and not high at 250 .
The MAJORITY of all the customer base will not even think two seconds about this change as it wo n't affect them .. who it WILL affect , .. mostly the people here bitching .
What does this tell you ?... it tells you they do n't want you .. and , if you are going to get your service and go way beyond and push arguments like " It 's my internet and I 'll use it how I want " .. well ..? .. now you 're going to pay .
now you 're getting what you asked for ... you 're getting the clear caps and the hands off approach that everyone wanted .
Congratulate yourselves .( en102 - this is n't directed necessarily at you .. juts felt like the right time and place to chime in )
Dampier
Phillip M Dampier
join:2003-03-23
Rochester , NY Dampier to nasadude
Member to nasadude
The real issue to take from a 250 GB cap is not whether or not people are going to come close to hitting it in October 2008 when it gets implemented , because the overwhelming majority of customers wo n't .
The issue is what happens in 2009 , 2010 , and 2011 .
People are n't hitting 250 GB a month using the majority of today 's web applications because so few of them consume that amount of bandwidth .
If you 're running a torrent server or engaged in lots of online backups , you could easily hit this cap when it gets implemented .
But the average person web browsing or watching YouTube will not ... yet .
What will change all of this is streaming HD video content which is precisely where the next generation of applications are going to make an impact .
It takes several gigs to deliver an hour of programming in HD , and as set top boxes connect to the net , consumers will easily consume many times the bandwidth they do right now .
Comcast 's cap starts high and seems generous , but quickly becomes an impediment , particularly in establishing a precedent for usage caps , and likely will not grow with the times .
The abusers Comcast always likes to talk about are a tiny minority on Comcast 's network , but the company punishes their entire customer base to deal with a few " problem customers . "
This , even after the company has a track record of dealing with users who consume " excessive " bandwidth .
So what is the real agenda here ?
To control " abuse " on their network which they were already doing , or attempt to manipulate the marketplace with caps , limits , and new revenue streams , particularly impacting the potential competition the video side of their business faces from a next generation Internet with high quality video streaming .
jc10098
join:2002-04-10 jc10098 to nasadude
Member to nasadude
Here 's the striking part .
Bandwidth is becoming increasingly cheaper , while companies make it out to be more expensive .
Sure , you got network costs ( infrastructure , maintenance , etc ) , but better technology has still DRIVEN that down versus up .
If it were me , I think this would be a better method .
THROTTLING .
Set a Cap , 250GB .
Then throttle people 's speeds after that to a point .
SO someone has 10/1 .
If they exceed 250 GB give them 2/1 instead for the remainder of the month .
While not ideal , it slows down the user , freeing up " bandwidth " on the network for others .
Seriously , ISPS need to upgrade to keep up with demand , but since that wont happen , THIS WOULD BE he next best thing .
Couch Potato
What ?
Premium Member
join:2004-08-29
Statesville , NC Couch Potato Premium Member Re : our competitive market said by jc10098 :
Here 's the striking part .
Bandwidth is becoming increasingly cheaper , while companies make it out to be more expensive .
Sure , you got network costs ( infrastructure , maintenance , etc ) , but better technology has still DRIVEN that down versus up .
If it were me , I think this would be a better method .
THROTTLING .
Set a Cap , 250GB .
Then throttle people 's speeds after that to a point .
SO someone has 10/1 .
If they exceed 250 GB give them 2/1 instead for the remainder of the month .
While not ideal , it slows down the user , freeing up " bandwidth " on the network for others .
Seriously , ISPS need to upgrade to keep up with demand , but since that wont happen , THIS WOULD BE he next best thing .
Here 's the striking part .
Bandwidth is becoming increasingly cheaper , while companies make it out to be more expensive .
Sure , you got network costs ( infrastructure , maintenance , etc ) , but better technology has still DRIVEN that down versus up .
If it were me , I think this would be a better method .
THROTTLING .
Set a Cap , 250GB .
Then throttle people 's speeds after that to a point .
SO someone has 10/1 .
If they exceed 250 GB give them 2/1 instead for the remainder of the month .
While not ideal , it slows down the user , freeing up " bandwidth " on the network for others .
Seriously , ISPS need to upgrade to keep up with demand , but since that wont happen , THIS WOULD BE he next best thing .
I do n't like this alternative either as I currently have 20 / 1.5 sold to me as unlimited service .
why would I buy limited unlimited service ?
I do suppose it 's better than just shutting down my modem but still ...
miscDude
@208.17.34.x miscDude to jc10098
Anon to jc10098
Didn't I see someplace that that is kind of along the lines of what Comcast was proposing .
If you exceeded the cap they would throttle you to " better than dsl speeds " ?
Iria
@good.com Iria to jc10098
Anon to jc10098
It 's all about the money , for corporations .
Maximize profit , right ?
nukscull
@rr.com nukscull to jc10098
Anon to jc10098
said by jc10098 :
Here 's the striking part .
Bandwidth is becoming increasingly cheaper , while companies make it out to be more expensive .
Here 's the striking part .
Bandwidth is becoming increasingly cheaper , while companies make it out to be more expensive .
You can buy all the 10gbit or 40gbit circuits to the Internet you want , but that is n't going to give a node more than the 42 mbit / sec that is available with DOCSIS 2.0 .
So while you can probably get wholesale Internet bandwidth for $ 3 - $ 5 / mbit per month , that is n't going to help someone who is on a node with someone that uses their full 10 - 15 mbit / sec 24x7x365 .
But running new fiber and adding new nodes to neighborhoods to fix the actual bandwidth choke points is a lot more expensive than buying more bandwidth from an backbone provider .
You can buy all the 10gbit or 40gbit circuits to the Internet you want , but that is n't going to give a node more than the 42 mbit / sec that is available with DOCSIS 2.0 .
So while you can probably get wholesale Internet bandwidth for $ 3 - $ 5 / mbit per month , that is n't going to help someone who is on a node with someone that uses their full 10 - 15 mbit / sec 24x7x365 .
iansltx
join:2007-02-19
Austin , TX · Time Warner Cable
iansltx Member Re : our competitive market
In most cases , Comcast 's highest residential tier is $ 62.95 for 8 Mbit /s .
This is $ 8ish mer megabit , sustained transfer .
COmcast may or may not have to even pay for bandwidth on the headend ; they probably just peer or charge other comapnies (! ) for access to their network ( take FDCServers. net for example ) .
Yes , they may have capacity issues at the node level , but bandwidth is dirt cheap on the internet side of things to the point that a user with an 8 Mbps connection COULD NOT push Comcast to a loss from a perspective of sheer bandwidth costs , unlike what might happen with a smaller ISP .
SpaethCo
Digital Plumber
MVM
join:2001-04-21
Minneapolis , MN SpaethCo MVM
Re : our competitive market
All the bandwidth at the head - end does n't change the landscape at the edge where technology is more limiting , just as all the food in the US does n't help people starving in Africa .
iansltx
join:2007-02-19
Austin , TX · Time Warner Cable
iansltx Member Re : our competitive market Bbbbut I recently realized that my router was the bottleneck on my connection : I can get 15 - 25 Mbps on PowerBoost on my connection .
That means at any given time 30 - 50 % of the node is open , and we 're talking about a town where most college kids live off - campus and as such have to get internet of some sort .
As such , they get Comcast for higher speeds generally .
I have no problem with throttling down users equally during peak periods , so long as the throttling merely zeroes out PowerBoost during the affected times , and maybe reduces throughput by 25 % on long downlods .
Just being reasonable here .
But anything more ... gimme a break ... and caps ?
Tech .
If I get a ComCall I 'm switching ISPs .
Or maybe asking Cogent what local loop would cost for a 100 Mbit circuit .
Or mayne just using a wireless link to get the service .
SpaethCo
Digital Plumber
MVM
join:2001-04-21
Minneapolis , MN SpaethCo to jc10098
MVM to jc10098
said by jc10098 :
Here 's the striking part .
Bandwidth is becoming increasingly cheaper , while companies make it out to be more expensive .
Sure , you got network costs ( infrastructure , maintenance , etc ) , but better technology has still DRIVEN that down versus up .
Here 's the striking part .
Bandwidth is becoming increasingly cheaper , while companies make it out to be more expensive .
Sure , you got network costs ( infrastructure , maintenance , etc ) , but better technology has still DRIVEN that down versus up .
There is no upgrade in the DOCSIS world that gives a 1000 + % bump in capacity , nor is the DOCSIS marketplace anywhere close to being as fiercely competitive as the Ethernet / SoNET / Carrier world .
The same factors that make bandwidth cheaper at the top unfortunately do n't exist at the edge ; at least not today .
The cost of physical connectivity is actually going up slightly , not down .
The reason bandwidth is getting cheaper at the top is on that same physical run instead of just 1 GigE you can run 10 GigE or N*10 GigE on the same physical fiber run if you use a WDM solution .
There is no upgrade in the DOCSIS world that gives a 1000 + % bump in capacity , nor is the DOCSIS marketplace anywhere close to being as fiercely competitive as the Ethernet / SoNET / Carrier world .
The same factors that make bandwidth cheaper at the top unfortunately do n't exist at the edge ; at least not today .
NOCMan
MadMacHatter
Premium Member
join:2004-09-30
Colorado Springs , CO NOCMan to nasadude
Premium Member to nasadude
And so much for online backup services such as Dropbox , Mozy , iDisk , and whatever M$ calls their service .
fiberguy2
My views are my own .
Premium Member
join:2005-05 - 20 fiberguy2 Premium Member Re : our competitive market said by NOCMan :
And so much for online backup services such as Dropbox , Mozy , iDisk , and whatever M$ calls their service .
And so much for online backup services such as Dropbox , Mozy , iDisk , and whatever M$ calls their service .
... for one , you can still use the service .
If you go over , you pay .. pretty simple .
Do n't back up every drive you have on line .
... another reason , you do n't need to do full backups all the time .
Even at 250 GB , you have PLENTY of space .
Like they say about anything ..
everything is good in moderation - do n't throw everything at it at once .
If you need to back up , use a 20 cent DVD perhaps and keep a local copy or two .
... do incremental backups ..
This is n't like traditional backups where you have to periodically perform a full back up to standard media which is subject to degeneration where a periodic full back up was required .
Get your back up done and do incremental .
If you want to use that much internet , then you SHOULD be paying for it .
if you 're using that much all the time and 250 is not enough , honestly , I 'm glad you 're not on my node .
So what you 're saying is that if you can't have it all for one flat rate , it must not be worth it ?
Before online back up , what did you do ?
.. you paid for a storage device , right ?
That meant you had to pull money out of your pocket to use a feature .
For a while , you got a nice ride , and honestly , you still do .
the 250 GB bucket is n't going to hurt you , to be honest ..
( and , I 'll tell you why NOC man .. remember the NOC part of your name ) ... for one , you can still use the service .
If you go over , you pay .. pretty simple .
Do n't back up every drive you have on line .... another reason , you do n't need to do full backups all the time .
Even at 250 GB , you have PLENTY of space .
Like they say about anything ..
everything is good in moderation - do n't throw everything at it at once .
If you need to back up , use a 20 cent DVD perhaps and keep a local copy or two .... do incremental backups ..
This is n't like traditional backups where you have to periodically perform a full back up to standard media which is subject to degeneration where a periodic full back up was required .
Get your back up done and do incremental .
If you want to use that much internet , then you SHOULD be paying for it .
if you 're using that much all the time and 250 is not enough , honestly , I 'm glad you 're not on my node .
NOCMan
MadMacHatter
Premium Member
join:2004-09-30
Colorado Springs , CO NOCMan to nasadude
Premium Member to nasadude
Also be interested in how this changes telecommuting .
This would be a step backwards if companies just tell you to come to work rather than paying for your internet .
jsz0
Premium Member
join:2008-01-23
Jewett City , CT jsz0 to nasadude
Premium Member to nasadude
The real issue is congestion at the node level ( between you and the headend ) not really the Internet side .
Internet bandwidth is cheap for a huge company like Comcast who can negotiate on a very large scale .
Many cable companies have their own fiber back bones so they can actually purchase bandwidth hundreds of miles away from the node level to find the best deal .
They 're not limited by what they can get locally .
At the node level you 're dealing with 38 mbit QAM256 downstreams that serve hundreds of customers .
With DOCSIS 2 you can do multiple downstream channels load balanced but you need to have room for them .
Customers want more VOD , more HD channels and do n't want to give up analog .
So where does that bandwidth come from ?
Once they can ditch some analog channels , improve compression methods it 's viable to do DOCSIS 3 and bond many downstreams together .
However ... you 're talking about a brand new $ 250 + modem for every single customer along with hundreds of millions of dollars of CMTS / EDGE QAM hardware nationwide for a company like Comcast .
They 'll do it eventually but prices need to go down before it 's really viable on a large scale .
There 's also no reason to believe that heavy bandwidth users wo n't simply consume more bandwidth if it 's available .
So Comcast could do this massive nationwide upgrade costing probably billions of dollars and end up with the same exact problem in 5 years .
As a for - profit company Comcast does have an obligation to their share holders to turn a profit .
fatmanskinny
Premium Member
join:2004-01-04
Wandering ·Vonage
· Comcast XFINITY
· AT&T U - Verse
3 edits fatmanskinny Premium Member Hmm ....
Hit them in the pocket and drain the blood ( money ) out of them .
So I guess I will be going here on Sept 30th , 2008 .
Well , I may not download 250GBs yet but I guess I will hang in there until I get that first notice of the overcharge and then , off to another provider .
Hit them in the pocket and drain the blood ( money ) out of them .
cybercrimes
join:2003-12-24
Honey Brook , PA 1 edit cybercrimes
Member fios alot of you will leave comcast i bet
Dogfather
Premium Member
join:2007-12-26
Laguna Hills , CA Dogfather Premium Member FAP and cap
Why both ?
FAP by design would control traffic .
If people are not in a congested area , you do n't need to cap them .
mbkowns
Got Bandwidth ?
join:2003-07-01
Riverside , CA mbkowns Member Direct CAPs are gay Good to know if I ever moved I would n't use there service .
burgermeister
All Computers Are Junk
join:2000 -10-23
Utica , MI 1 edit 1 recommendation burgermeister Member Re : Direct CAPs are gay Caps are not happy nor do they seem to prefer the company of same - sex caps .
Please explain .
Rob2647
join:2008-08-12
Rochester , MI Rob2647 Member
Fine with me I 'm leaving Crapcast for U - verse in a week anyway .
I 'm not a bit torrent user , but they already have my speeds " DSL like speeds " .
Caps are a the trend of the year now .
FFH5
Premium Member
join:2002-03-03
Tavistock NJ 1 edit FFH5 Premium Member Upload is the problem more than download " As far as I am aware , uploads are not affected , at least not initially . "
At first I heard that the cap was based on upload & download combined and not just download .
And since upload capacity is the choke point for cable companies , why not cap upload ?
Besides the throttling , it would make more sense to surcharge heavy uploaders more than anyone else .
At first I heard that the cap was based on upload & download combined and not just download .
And since upload capacity is the choke point for cable companies , why not cap upload ?
Besides the throttling , it would make more sense to surcharge heavy uploaders more than anyone else .
fancydancer
Perception is just your reality
Premium Member
join:2002-08-28
Springfield , IL fancydancer Premium Member
The glass ceiling has been " painted "
So I wonder if Comcast will provide each customer their badnwidth usage on their bill or will we just know when we go over the limit ?
So I wonder if Comcast will provide each customer their badnwidth usage on their bill or will we just know when we go over the limit ?
Bobcat79
Premium Member
join:2001-02-04 1 recommendation Bobcat79 Premium Member 8 GB per day
Who downloads an average of 8 GB per day ?
That 's 6 to 12 pirated XviD movies a day !
fatmanskinny
Premium Member
join:2004-01-04
Wandering 1 edit fatmanskinny Premium Member AT&T and Verizon merge with Verizon running the ship ...
Then , Verizon agressively install FIOS in all Comcast / A&T overlap markets .
This would definitely make Comcast change their tune .
Well , you can dream , right ?
hottboiinnc4
ME
join:2003-10-15
Cleveland , OH hottboiinn c4 Member Re : AT&T and Verizon merge with Verizon running the ship ... overlap ?
HA !
keep dreaming !
they over lap here in some areas I do n't see VZ doing anything here .
Hell they have no plans actually to deploy any FiOS here .
ATT is putting in those big ugly boxes on the corners but have been for years - they have no plans on turning them on any time soon .
VZ may have plans to cap as well .
You know how companies work right ?
they do the wait and see game .
If it works without a problem others will soon follow .
VZ doesnt care about the customer .
Their FiOS network was only built to kick 3rd party companies such as DSLExtreme , Earthlink , Sonic.net and every other ISP and telco off the network .
So why they 're add it they added a faster speed of Internet .
And to top it all off they 're prices for TV are n't cheaper as they claimed they would be either .
Evdo User
@dal.net.va.gov
Evdo User Anon Verizo Caps 250 gb cap ....
I have Verizon 's EVDO service ... only thing I can get without having a 3 second ping .
I have the " Unlimited " plan .
I was originally told it had a cap of 5 gb / month and that anything above this would cost me .49 c / Mb afterwards .
On a few occasions I went above the 5gig and was n't charged .
I contacted Verizon and they said that I was on the unlimited plan and that meant that nothing would happen until I got around 8gig and then they 'd throttle it down ( I average around 700 KB downloads )
hottboiinnc4
ME
join:2003-10-15
Cleveland , OH hottboiinnc4 Member Re : Verizo Caps .49 c huh ?
you know how much that really is ?
And as we see it !
The news report was true the other nite about gov't employees .
cornelius785
join:2006-10 - 26
Worcester , MA 1 recommendation cornelius 785 Member what is so wrong with 250 GB ?
what are you people doing that you require + 250 GB every f'ing month ?
i only use ~500 MB a day , probably closer to 700 MB when fedora updates are fixed .
so that is minimum 15 GB / month just for me .
right now , i do n't have an remorse for those that use more than 250 GB / month and get cut off or forced to pay up .
if they complain that ' it 's not fair ' , all i have to say ' CRY ME A RIVER ' .
Trinijoy
Premium Member
join:2005-09-12
Brick , NJ Trinijoy Premium Member Ummm ...
Seriously if you are a heavy online gamer this will kill you , and if you like to stream HD movies online , LEGALLY this is really bad ... bad ...
I could understand to stop pirates but this is just silly , do they want to lose a lot of customers ?
Chiyo
Save Me Konata - Chan
Premium Member
join:2003-02-20
Charlotte , NC Chiyo Premium Member Business class / Extreme Tier ?
so how does this affect us who either have the extreme teir or the business class ?
badtrip
Premium Member
join:2004-03 -20 badtrip Premium Member Re : Business class / Extreme Tier ?
I was told by a comcast business salesman a few months ago when I was calling about getting business class internet that there will never be a monthly cap on usage , up or down .
However , since it came from the mouth of a salesman that was only interested in getting me to sign a 2 - year commitment , I would take that information with a pile of salt .
Cjaiceman
MVM
join:2004-10-12
Castle Rock , WA ( Software ) pfSense
Ubiquiti UniFi UAP -AC -PRO
Cjaiceman to Chiyo
MVM to Chiyo
If your on the extreme tier you still on the residential side , so probably the 250 GB cap will be in place on it .
I hope that comcast will upgrade the caps on their extreme tier to something more reasonable for those speeds , like 400 GB / month , but I 'm not holding my breath .
I 'm glad that I have their business class internet if there wo n't be any caps enforced now .
I do about 300 - 350 GB / month on my 16/2 ( which is the fastest I can get ) .
battleop
join:2005-09-28
00000 1 recommendation battleop Member Stop your whining .
Good grief .
So everyone bitches because Comcast wo n't admit to the 250 Gb cap .
So now they get what they want , Comcast admitting what the cap is .
What does everyone do ?
Why the bitch about it .
Be careful of what you wish for .
aaronwt
Premium Member
join:2004-11-07
Woodbridge , VA 901.8 127.8
Asus RT - N56U
Asus RT - ACRH13
aaronwt Premium Member
I hope they have a way to keep track of usage I hope they have a way to keep track of usage .
I used to be on Comcast before FIOS .
I have over 3 dozen devices connected to the Internet so I never know exactly my usage .
Although it 's usually between 800GB and 1.3TB a month .
I 'm glad I do n't still have Comcast .
I download too much HD content to have a 250 GB cap .
badtrip
Premium Member
join:2004-03 - 20 badtrip Premium Member Call Comcast now Call Comcast now if you are a customer and ask for information regarding this .
Tell them in person how you feel about this , whether you agree or disagree .
gate1975mlm
Premium Member
join:2001-09-30
Philadelphia , PA 1 edit gate1975 mlm Premium Member bandwidth - usage tracking system ?
If comcast is going to have this 250GB cap then I really hope they add a bandwidth - usage tracking system icon on the comcast .
net page !
Onat
@comcast.net Onat Anon
How about happy hours I am a comcast customer and even though it is very cool to hate them I am actually happy with them .
The 250GB cap does n't bother me but later on they should come up with happy hours and maybe do n't count any downloads toward the limit that were done between 12 am to 7 am or something .
nasadude
join:2001-10-05
Rockville , MD nasadude Member Re : How about happy hours said by Onat :
I am a comcast customer and even though it is very cool to hate them I am actually happy with them .
The 250GB cap does n't bother me but later on they should come up with happy hours and maybe do n't count any downloads toward the limit that were done between 12 am to 7 am or something .
I 'm a comcast customer and I do n't have any problems ( actually , my connection is quite good mainly because two years ago I gave them so much trouble , I think I got on their " keep that damn guy satisfied " list ) , but I still hate them .
It sounds like you are lucky enough not to have ever had a problem that required you to deal with their customer service .
some of you guys seem to think this is really about congestion - IT'S NOT ABOUT CONGESTION .
This is about comcast creating artificial scarcity to justify tighter control of their monopoly over the last mile connection .
One can see they got in trouble with the FCC and congress when they decided to block applications that could compete with comcast video products ( and do n't forget their web portal they are dying to monetize ) .
fresh from that debacle what do we get ?
Caps and throttling .
Since these will be protocol agnostic and applied only during periods of congestion ( so they say ) , it avoids the trouble they got into for blatantly interfering with P2P applications .
But it gives them the same result - limits what the customer can do with the connection they are paying for , without the hassle from the govt .
whether you have good service from comcast or not , there are plenty of reasons to hate them .
I 'm a comcast customer and I do n't have any problems ( actually , my connection is quite good mainly because two years ago I gave them so much trouble , I think I got on their " keep that damn guy satisfied " list ) , but I still hate them .
It sounds like you are lucky enough not to have ever had a problem that required you to deal with their customer service .
some of you guys seem to think this is really about congestion - IT 'S NOT ABOUT CONGESTION .
This is about comcast creating artificial scarcity to justify tighter control of their monopoly over the last mile connection .
One can see they got in trouble with the FCC and congress when they decided to block applications that could compete with comcast video products ( and do n't forget their web portal they are dying to monetize ) .
fresh from that debacle what do we get ?
Caps and throttling .
Since these will be protocol agnostic and applied only during periods of congestion ( so they say ) , it avoids the trouble they got into for blatantly interfering with P2P applications .
But it gives them the same result - limits what the customer can do with the connection they are paying for , without the hassle from the govt .
whether you have good service from comcast or not , there are plenty of reasons to hate them .
UPDATE : Was it the shock of learning they had acquired an Obama bumper sticker ?
The Straight Talk Express bus crashed into a minivan in Miami today .
Does this mean they will take away McCain ’s driver ’s license ?
UPDATE 2 : US News & World Report has a hilarious report on the bus accident in ( of all places ) their Automotive News site .
Taking a break from hitting Senator Barack Obama , Republican presidential candidate John McCain hit a minivan yesterday .
Ironically , the Straight Talk Express had trouble turning right .
To justify the report , they finish it off as follows :
The bailout failed in the House by a vote of 227-206 .
The House Republicans will ultimately face the blame .
House Minority Leader John Boehner ( Republican , Ohio ) blamed the defeat on a partisan speech delivered by House Majority Leader Nancy Pelosi preceding the vote .
Rep. Roy Blunt ( Republican , Virginia ) later commented in a press conference that " a dozen or so votes " were lost due to this speech .
The Republican machine is running with this talking point .
It can however be easily rebutted and was by Rep. Barney Frank ( Democrat , Massachusetts ) who said " Well if that stopped people from voting , then shame on them .
If people 's feelings were hurt because of a speech and that led them to vote differently than what they thought the national interest [ wanted ] , then they really do n't belong here .
They 're not tough enough . "
The Republican wing is also criticizing Nancy Pelosi for bringing a bill of such magnitude to the floor without the requisite votes for passage ; the problem with this logic is that she had the votes .
Nancy Pelosi , on Sunday evening , went to Republican leadership and said " I need 80 votes ; " Rep .
Roy Blunt stated that this threshold was deliverable , well it was n't .
Only 65 Republicans voted for the measure , 15 shy of expectations .
The House Republican 's will however share the blame , with John McCain .
John McCain , sensing the gravity of the situation issued the following statement on the matter :
" Senator Obama took a very different approach to the crisis our country faces ... at first he did n't want to get involved , then he was monitoring the situation .
That 's not leadership that 's watching from the sidelines . "
This statement comes in stark contrast to a statement McCain made earlier :
" I went to Washington last week to make sure that the taxpayers where not left footing the bill of mistakes by Wall Street and the evils of Washington . "
Well John , the taxpayer wo n't be left footing the bill , for the moment .
Based on his supreme support of a bailout bill the logical conclusion follows that if not this bill , another .
Will you suspend your campaign again to focus on the now amplified situation , or is that not politically convenient anymore ?
John McCain must re-suspend his campaign in order to validate his prior suspension , because nothing has changed .
The entire affair contributed to the single greatest point drop in the history of the Dow Jones Industrial Average ( - 777.68 ) .
Update [ 4:17 CT ] : McCain 's giving a press conference right now .
He just looks and sounds sad .
His performance is almost robotic .
John reads about five words , looks up , and then looks down again .
He blamed congress for failing to pass the bailout while accepting no responsibility his inability to negotiate a bipartisan solution .
At the first presidential debate , the candidates of the Left - Right Party Ra’ed the bailout , Ra’ed the war , and Boom - di - A ’ed the Warfare - Welfare State of America .
But that boat ’s sinking fast .
The fundamental effectiveness of our military prowess has long been in doubt , and its displays are way past dismaying .
We spend and spend , bomb and bomb some more , kill , maim and murder our " enemies , " research and deploy all kinds of defensive and offensive technologies .
Yet Americans feel less safe and more hated than ever .
It turns out people fight best and longest for reasons of the heart , and the heart can not be broken .
This is why we will ultimately leave Afghanistan , we will leave Iraq , and we will abandon the rest of our imperial outposts , with nothing to show for it but some formerly enriched American companies and some formerly enriched people , their parasitic success diminished by constant fear of prosecution and the realities of contract cancellation .
Ultimately , Americans resent money spent abroad , and the people who spend it .
McCain with his strange " Country First " slogan and Obama with his domestic - welfare - through - more - state - spending message are both trying to appeal to this sentiment — even as they remain wholly accountable to pro-war commentators and donors .
The state will attempt to solve the current dilemma by bringing its military - security –prison spending home .
It ’s already happening , with Blackwater in Juneau , and on the continental US , and in a hundred other ways , only some of them involving tasers and concertina wire .
The M - S - P complex is one unhappy group of voracious and powerful parasites , and they wo n’t be satisfied as easily as the current crop of needy investment banks .
There is an important bitter lesson in the weekend ’s Wall Street bailout — one Americans need absorb slowly , completely , and thoughtfully .
The bailout , a completely counterproductive expenditure of our futures by non-representative tyrants , could have been prevented by small " r " republicanism .
For a brief moment , the Party Republicans in the House rediscovered their Paulian core , and resisted , for a whole half weekend , the paper pump priming compulsion of Our Government and Its Allies .
They had a flash of strength thanks to that antiquated and magnificent republican mechanism — the people ’s voice !
The common men and women of this country , young and old , white and black , poor and not poor , communicated consensus to Washington .
That consensus was " NO ! "
Their antipathy for any bailout of Wall Street ranged from a common sense of " NO ! " to a more righteous justice sense of " NO ! " to a scholarly and economic logic sense of " NO ! "
It was an interesting conundrum for Washington .
The American people lost that battle .
Inflationary theft of current resources and future prosperity of the great mass of Americans who understood and opposed the bailout was the order of the day .
Yet , the collapse of the warfare state , and the evaporation of the current sheen of domestic tranquility and prosperity are coming .
Yes , the government and its business and media partners , like all parasites faced with starvation and scratching will tighten their grip , profusely irritating the host , weakening our resolve .
The Ron Paul Revolution will seem not to have worked , as we watch a presidential campaign narrowed down to earnest Tweedle - Dee and earnester Tweedle - Dum .
But sometimes appearances deceive .
In fact , the Ron Paul Revolution continues to grow — and the latest financial crime against the people has served well to broadly expand awareness of the wisdom of sound money and transparent constitutional government .
The blatant fecklessness of Washington insiders and controllers in this pseudo - crisis has helped people get smarter about the state , its imbedded cronies , and their dangerous capabilities and intentions .
My question is this :
At this time , with an awakening American populace — sharpened by their own growing financial insecurity , intellectually honed by exposure to the logic and truth of the Paulian message — who the heck really wants to be President ?
McCain blindly lifted two Ron Paul planks as his own ( Prosperity and Peace ) and chose a solid anti-abortion , regular - folk vice president who was n’t Ron Paul .
He did this because he wanted to win votes , at least before last week .
But now conservative media and his own staff , through idiotic press strategies and pre-debate vacillation , seem determined to sink Palin and McCain .
Americans do n’t like Hamletian candidates — McCain and his people know this , so one must assume this was a political Freudian slip .
Then you have the poll leader , the friendly face of socialist warmongering , who cannot even garner the support of the royal Democratic family , which seems to prefer Palin - McCain , at least for the next four years .
Obama ’s own party , having made its name in racial division , simultaneously embraces that pretext for failure .
In the race for the presidency , what we are really seeing is a race to lose the presidency .
And while it may not be immediately apparent , this is a total win for the American people , and the country .
A reluctant president , barely elected by voters and clearly refused by the vast majority of Americans who either voted otherwise , or voted " none of the above , " is a lot different than the current tyrant .
While Bush 43 was electorally rejected by the majority of Americans , this living proof of the Peter Principle actually wanted to do his god ’s work in the oval office .
The next president will be infused with doubt , not fervor .
The next president will face a panicked Congress that has tasted blood — some of it their own .
The next president — having sold themselves as competent and " Not George W. Bush " will be assaulted on all sides by a reality not fashioned by their advisors .
The next president will be ripped apart by the rapacious demands of the M - S - P beast and a new reality blasted out for them by inflation - pinched , angry Americans no longer in awe of their stupid king , or his complacent , genuflecting Congress .
No matter who " wins , " both candidates now understand that there will be no bread .
They do realize , however , that the circuses will be held as scheduled , in a certain oval arena .
No one , not even battle scarred McCain and the shining breastplated Palin , want to play that gig .
The Best of Karen Kwiatkowski
by JS O’Brien
Political polls give us joy or despair .
Rabid sports fans understand this .
They often subject themselves to emotional roller coaster rides , watching games where the score is too close even for desperate toilet breaks .
For those of us following this year ’s presidential election closely , each morning can bring good or bad news as the latest national polls are posted .
In the fever sweats over which candidate has posted a 2 % lead across the nation today , it ’s all too easy to forget that presidential elections are won in the Electoral College .
Candidates must win states .
They can win most states by a single vote ( theoretically ) and take all its electoral votes .
They can lose the popular election count and win the White House , as George W. Bush did in 2000 .
What really counts is how the polls add up to enough electoral votes to win .
So , today , I take a close look at what Obama and McCain must do to win sufficient electoral votes ( 270 ) to take the White House , some of the scenarios that can get them there , the odds , likely campaign strategies going forward , and who is really in the lead .
Take a look at the electoral map from FiveThirty Eight , above .
It ’s a pretty fair representation of how the races in various states look today .
Using data from Real Clear Politics , which is a bit more conservative in assigning leans , we convert Virginia , Pennsylvania , Minnesota , Wisconsin , Indiana , and North Carolina to “ toss - up , ” which gives us 228 electoral votes solid or leaning towards Obama , and 174 solid or leaning towards McCain .
I ’m going to use these electoral numbers as starting points , recognizing that some of the remaining leans may flip to the other side , but one needs to start somewhere or the possibilities become endless .
I ’m also going to make the assumption that , of the “ toss up ” states in gray on Real Clear Politics ’ map , there ’s no way on God ’s green earth that Indiana is going to vote for a Democratic candidate , no matter what the polls say .
( According to news reports , McCain is so concerned about Indiana that he has no campaign staff there and is buying no advertising . )
This puts Indiana ’s 11 votes in McCain ’s column , raising his current number from 174 to 185 .
I ’m also going to assume that North Carolina , home of favorite son Jesse Helms , will vote for McCain , bringing McCain ’s number to 200 .
With the map in mind , and adding North Carolina and Indiana to McCain , let ’s look at several election - night scenarios and what they mean for both campaigns .
For Obama
The solid South goes for McCain :
This scenario assumes that Florida , North Carolina , and Virginia all vote for McCain , which is not at all far fetched , since these states have voted for the Republican candidate in the last two elections .
If this happens , then Obama must win Pennsylvania or Ohio , plus Minnesota and Wisconsin , and either New Hampshire or Nevada , to win .
If he wins Pennsylvania with its 21 votes , but not Ohio with its 20 , then Obama can force a tie ( which would most likely make him president ) at 269 votes by winning Wisconsin and Minnesota .
If Obama loses BOTH Pennsylvania and Ohio , stick a fork in him .
About the best he can hope for is matching Al Gore ’s 267 votes by winning both Nevada and New Hampshire .
In other words , if he loses both large states , he has to win Indiana ( start the hysterical laughter here ) to have a chance .
So , on election night , if it ’s a solid South for McCain , it ’s all about Pennsylvania and Ohio .
Obama has to win one of those states , and preferably Pennsylvania .
The solid South goes for McCain except for Florida :
If this happens , Obama ’s chances of winning the election bump up close to 90 % .
Florida ’s 27 votes would leave Obama only 15 votes short of the 270 he needs , and there are so many scenarios that give him these 15 votes that it ’s hard to imagine a way in which he does n’t get them .
If Obama takes Florida , it ’s pretty much over .
The solid South goes for McCain except for Virginia :
This scenario leaves Obama 29 votes short of the 270 he needs , which means it becomes possible to tie the election while losing both Pennsylvania and Ohio .
He can do this by winning Wisconsin , Minnesota , Nevada , and New Hampshire , which is difficult but not impossible .
This means that it ’s a good idea to keep an eye on New Hampshire early on election night , since a McCain win there and in Florida means that Obama must still win either Pennsylvania or Ohio , even IF he takes Virginia .
Of course , taking Virginia would mean that a win in either Pennsylvania or Ohio , coupled with a win in either Wisconsin or Minnesota , allows him to take the election outright .
The solid South goes for McCain except for Florida and Virginia :
This scenario puts Obama only one toss - up state from victory .
Any state .
He ’ll get that .
If Obama wins both of these Southern states , look for an electoral landslide .
For McCain
The solid South goes for McCain : McCain ’s campaign staff will be breathing a sigh of relief if this happens .
If McCain ’s chance of winning in Florida is 70 % , and in Virginia is 70 % , then the probability of winning both is only around 50 % .
Even if McCain does win the solid South , though , he still has his work cut out for him to get the additional 30 votes that he needs .
Of course , one way to do this is to take BOTH Pennsylvania and Ohio .
That would be more than enough .
But if he loses , say , Pennsylvania , then he needs to find 10 more votes from Minnesota , Wisconsin , Nevada , and New Hampshire .
That means he needs either Minnesota or Wisconsin , neither of which have voted for a Republican presidential candidate since 1988 .
If he loses those two states and wins New Hampshire and Nevada , he would tie at 269 , but probably lose the presidency in the House .
Put another way , the electoral map does n’t look good for John McCain unless he wins the entire South plus Pennsylvania and Ohio , or one of two states that almost never votes for the GOP candidate .
That ’s a tough row to hoe .
The solid South goes for McCain except for Florida :
That would mean that McCain has to find 57 votes from the remaining toss - up states , and that means winning Pennsylvania and Ohio , either Minnesota or Wisconsin , plus Nevada and New Hampshire .
Of course , he could win Pennsylvania , Ohio , Minnesota and Wisconsin , which would mean he would n’t need Nevada or New Hampshire , but that seems a remote possibility .
In other words , McCain simply must have Florida .
If the numbers hold up as they are now , Obama can win without Florida , but McCain almost certainly can’t .
The solid South goes for McCain except for Virginia : McCain would need 43 additional votes to win in this case .
He would have to win both Pennsylvania and Ohio plus one other state , or either Pennsylvania and Ohio , both Minnesota and Wisconsin , andeither Nevada or New Hampshire .
That ’s a tall order .
McCain can win without Virginia , but the odds begin to work heavily against him .
The solid South goes for McCain except for Florida and Virginia :
In this case , McCain is cooked .
He would have to win every other toss - up state , which is a miserably small probability .
What to expect from campaign strategies going forward
McCain must win Florida and either Pennsylvania or Ohio to have any kind of shot at victory .
To have a good shot , he needs to take all three .
Of the three states , Florida is the most important .
It ’s hard to imagine , in even the most treasured GOP daydreams , that McCain can win without Florida .
He has an outside shot at winning if he loses either Pennsylvania or Ohio , but not Florida .
Obama , on the other hand , must win only one of those three .
That ’s the reality both campaigns understand , and it will drive spending and appearances for the rest of the election .
Obama will attempt to make Florida so competitive that McCain will have too little time for Pennsylvania and Ohio , and almost no time for Minnesota and Wisconsin .
He will try to force McCain to spend so much time and treasure in Florida that he is bound to lose either Pennsylvania or Ohio , and maybe both .
McCain will hope for enough of an opening to try to make Michigan more competitive to force Obama to spend time there , but it seems unlikely that he ’ll be able to spare the time and resources .
In essence , he ’s on the defensive , and Obama knows that .
Since Obama does n’t have to win Florida , he probably wo n’t .
If he can force McCain to overspend in Florida , he ’ll concede a close race .
He can then spend more resources than McCain solidifying Pennsylvania , Minnesota , and Wisconsin , go hard after New Hampshire and Nevada , and have a decent shot at taking Ohio .
Of course , this can all change .
If Michigan tilts back towards McCain , if North Carolina starts showing a legitimate opportunity for Obama , if Wisconsin and Minnesota begin to appear as though they wo n’t stay in the Democratic camp , then the probabilities and strategies change .
But for now , given the current polls and electoral map , it appears that Obama is in the catbird seat .
BBC freelance foreign correspondents are refusing to sign new contracts .
Freelances around the world claim that their incomes are being savaged by a perpetual round of financial cuts .
They also claim that many programme producers have failed to pay freelances for work they have already commissioned and broadcast .
One veteran broadcaster said : " Jonathan Ross has no trouble getting his £ 18 m , but he and all the BBC fat cats are having their obscene salaries and bonuses subsidised by freelances , whose precarious existence is exacerbated by the scandal that they are frequently cheated out of legitimate fees . "
The issue reached a head when the BBC news division circulated an email ( the full version can be found here ) saying that new freelance contracts were imminent .
Freelancers bombarded the contracts department with complaints about non-payment .
The department head promised to address the issue , but it is claimed that nothing has been done .
New contracts have now been sent out individuals .
" This is a typical management tactic to try to isolate freelances and intimidating them into signing , " said a source .
" Mark Byford , the deputy director general , is always banging on about the importance of people having trust in the BBC .
But we can not trust them to pay our earnings . "
The rebellion is being orchestrated by Malcolm Brabant , the award - winning Athens stringer .
He sent an email to colleagues and to the head of the contracts department , which has been sent on to me this morning .
It begins by quoting from the BBC memo to freelances .
' It is understood , of course , that you will be working as a journalist offering material to other organisations , but we do not want you to do so for any which are in direct competition with any part of the BBC ' s output . '
Then Brabant 's email , which includes some fairly fruity ( and entertaining ) language , reads :
" In layman 's terms , what it means is that the BBC is offering freelances absolutely nothing and yet is restricting our ability to earn a living .
At the moment , with the current BBC orthodoxy of only covering ' headline ' news , it is becoming increasingly difficult for freelances in unusual parts of the world to get good stories on the air .
" In addition , given the job cuts , which have removed experienced personnel from news and commissioning desks , there are some extremely poor decisions made in London about which stories are worthy of being transmitted .
" It has reached the bizarre stage where foreign based freelances of many years experience are having their ideas rejected by very junior journalists who would n't recognise a story if it fellated them and called them Doris .
" Now just because some junior Johnny in short trousers rejects a freelance idea , it does n't mean it is not a story .
And in the current climate , where the BBC states that the contract provides no guarantee of work , then surely it is not in a position to dictate whether a freelance can offer a story to a rival network , if one of its so called commissioners has rejected that idea .
" Not only is the BBC offering nothing … but when you actually do get a story commissioned … you do not get paid for it .
And the last time I looked , there had been no resolution of the non payment issue .
" So as I said before , this contract needs to be renegotiated and in its current form should be completely ignored . "
I 'll try to get a BBC reaction to this as soon as possible .
Hello ,
We are glad to announce the new release of Guriddo jqGrid JavaScript version 5.5.0 .
This version is a minor release and add improvements in TreeGrid , local exporting , unary searching , new method max grid height and much more .
The version has a numerous bug fixes .
For a full list of additions and fixes look below :
Additions and Updates
Added is a informative row in case no records are in the grid .
Uses emptyrecords property from language file .
See https://github.com/tonytomov/jqGrid/issues/950
Disable freeze menu ( in column menu ) when subgrid , treegrid , celledit are on
Add forcePgButtons parameter to force creation of pager buttons in responsive mode .
Update Italian language file .
Support of select
All option in colmenu columns option .
New option in coloptions object in colModel – columns_selectAll – default false .
See docs .
Add aria - sort attribute to support section 508 when sorting a column
Add options sortTreeByNodeType ( false / true ) default false , sortTreeNodeOrder ( asc/ desc ) to sort the tree by node type .
I.e first node with children and then leafs or vice verso .
Add option FullTreeSearchResult ( false / true ) default false to show the full tree node on found item in tree .
In case of grouping headers set the columns to contain the parent and child names in searching dialog .
Add support for hyperlinks in excel export
Disable sorting in column
Menu when sortable options in colModel is false and enable sorting only when this option and sorting option in colmenuoptions is true
Add option navigationDisabled to disable navigation dynamically in aria module .
Add Support new line in textarea in cell editing when alt +
Enter is used in order to prevent saving data .
Add new option in getRowData method to indent the expandColumn in case of treeGrid .
Default is false .
Add new option in all export modules treeindent to indent the expandcolumn when treegrid is exporting .
Add options includeHeader in all export modules ( exportToCsv , exportToPdf , …. ) in order to support header row option when set .
Default is true .
Add method maxGridHeight to set and remove maximum height of entire grid
Add option viewselected in viewGridRow method .
If multiselect is true and this option is true viewing is enabled only to the selected grid rows in view grid mode .
Bug Fixes
Fix local sorting in case date srcformat = newformat .
Fix clearsearch values in filterToolbar
Fix border - bottom in case of searchtoolbar and jQuery UI css
Fix horizontal scroll bar in case shrinkToFit is set to false and no records are available .
Fix pager in case it contain special characters .
See https://stackoverflow.com/questions/57792149/jqgrid-pager-doesnt-display-when-its-id-has-special-characters
Fix centering subgrid icon .
Fix for the subgrid icon in Chrome
Fix calculating autosize when Bootstrap is used
Fix position of column menu when used jQuery > 3.x . See https://github.com/tonytomov/jqGrid/issues/951
Fix export modules to read correct complex data structures in data
Fix sorting a tree after search
Fix setCell and setRowData methods to use the cellattr event in case of updating data .
See : https://github.com/tonytomov/jqGrid/issues/953
Fix editing module to use cellattr correct having all the needed data .
See https://github.com/tonytomov/jqGrid/issues/953#issuecomment-554935412
Fix formatting numbers in footer when colTotals is on in pivot grid https://github.com/tonytomov/jqGrid/issues/952
Fix edit forms when jQuery UI CSS is used again with installed latest Bootstrap .
Removing not needed css property zoom from bootstrap
Fix hideCol / showCol to work correct with groupHeader
Fix ( Rework ) setSortIcon method to better display left sorting icons
Fix treeGrid to work correctly with local data
Fix add serializeRowData in inline edit when clientArray is set as url
Fix grid.utils.js module only to be run correct with jQuery .
Fix delete norecs row in loadState after first initialization .
This will be added correctly after calling updatepager
Fix edit null line in inline edit .
See https://github.com/tonytomov/jqGrid/issues/954
Fix position of column menu when grid inside within element with left property
Fix alert dialog position in navigator when grid is in bottom of the page in the scrolling window .
Fix frozen columns ( outherheight on row ) to be compatible with jquery 3.x
Fix sending correct sortnames and order to server when sorting and grouping is on and no sortname is set
Fix grouping headers when it is set and autoresize is on
Fix in all export methods to correctly export a treegrid .
Fix getRowData , setRowData , editRow , saveRow and restoreRow to work correct only with single level down the DOM tree of table cell not including elements of other ( sub ) grids in the cell See https://github.com/tonytomov/jqGrid/issues/969
Enjoy the new version
Happy coding
Guriddo jqGrid Team
In an interview on certainly the toughest of political pundit shows , “ The View ” , John McCain looked nothing short of bewildered .
The ladies asked McCain why he would put out attack ads that are blatant lies .
McCain responded by claiming that they were not lies .
Barbara Walters added that McCain had used the “ lipstick on a pig ” metaphor himself once , and thus it would seem strange that he would attack Obama about that .
McCain defended himself by saying that Obama “ chooses his words carefully ” and that there is simply no explanation other than sexism .
The most worrying part of this for me is McCain ’s claim that Obama chooses his words carefully .
Does that mean McCain does n’t give a damn what he says ?
I think he ’s proven himself to not be great at planning out what he ’s going to say and then sticking to that plan , but come on .
Also , it bothers me that McCain continues to bring up Obama ’s “ lipstick on a pig ” metaphor .
McCain cannot claim that his real interpretation of it is purely sexism .
John McCain is a lot of things , but he is not stupid .
He knows exactly what Obama meant , and he knows that Obama made a valid point against his policies by use of the metaphor .
Did n’t John McCain promise us a clean campaign at one point ?
I miss those days …
Two influential US senators got “ VIP ” loans from a leading subprime mortgage lender that saved them tens of thousands of dollars , it was reported last night .
The Democratic pols , Chris Dodd of Connecticut and Kent Conrad of North Dakota , both received the highly favorable loans under the designation “ Friend of Angelo , ” a reference to embattled Countrywide head Angelo Mozilo , Condé Nast Portfolio reported .
Dodd is chairman of the Senate Banking Committee , while Conrad is chairman of the Budget Committee and a member of the Finance Committee .
The two senators refinanced properties through the VIP program in 2003 and 2004 , the report said .
Others who received “ FOA ” loans include Alphonso Jackson , the secretary of Housing and Urban Development under President Bush who resigned in April , and Donna Shalala , who was secretary of Health and Human Services in the Clinton administration .
The report came one day after Democratic heavyweight Jim Johnson stepped down as chief of Barack Obama ’s vice - presidential search committee after revelations he ’d gotten Countrywide loans at very favorable rates because of Mozilo .
Citing company documents and e-mails , the report says the FOAs paid lower fees , and if rates fell while a loan was pending , the VIPs would get a free “ float - down ” while regular customers had to pay a surcharge .
Dodd reportedly received two loans through the program in 2003 – $ 506,000 to refinance his Washington town house , and $ 275,042 to refinance a home in Connecticut .
The more favorable terms saved him about $ 70,000 , the report says .
The company has also contributed $ 21,000 to Dodd ’s campaigns since 1997 , but the senator proposed a bill last year that was averse to the company ’s lending practices , the report noted .
Conrad borrowed $ 1 million to refinance his vacation home , and saved at least $ 10,000 .
Conrad said he never met Mozilo , and “ I never asked for , expected or was aware of any special treatment . ”
Dodd had no immediate comment , but his wife told Portfolio two other lenders they ’d checked with offered comparable interest rates .
Jackson took out loans totaling $ 653,331 in 2003 and 2004 while he was deputy HUD secretary , with the latter loan coming through a week before he was named secretary .
dareh.gregorian@nypost.com
[ social_buttons ]
Previously believed to be a food - borne disease , researchers have discovered that some cows are genetically predisposed to contract bovine spongiform encephalopathy .
The report shows that up to 48,000 cattle in the United States alone could carry the gene .
The study concludes that even under the best grass - fed , grazing conditions , cows could still contract the fatal disease .
“ Our findings that there is a genetic component to BSE are significant because they tell you we can have this disease everywhere in the world , even in so - called BSE - free countries , ” said Juergen A. Richt , the professor at Kansas State University ’s College of Veterinary Medicine who conducted the study .
If the spinal chord or brain matter of an diseased cow is consumed , a human will contract BSE in the form of Creutzfeldt - Jakob disease .
The human form can also be genetic , which led Richt to compare genes from these cases to the genes from a 10 - year - old infected cow from Alabama — as it turned out , they shared the same protein gene mutation .
Richt has created and submitted a patent for a test to detect genetic BSE that could be given to all bulls and cows before they are used for production .
In the meantime , this is another reason to cut down on the beef , or at least lay off the cabeza at your local taqueria .
Photo Credit : Jdickert on Flickr under Creative Commons license .
Other Posts Relating to Health & Diet :
VIEWPOINT
Peter Baker
Reforming the economics of food production and supply would be beneficial for a number of environmental and social problems , argues Peter Baker .
A key issue , he says , is understanding the energy involved in putting food on your plate .
Tomato production in the US consumes four times as many calories as the calorific value of the tomatoes created
Global development , global debt , global warming , food miles , food security , food riots , peak oil , peak water
What 's this got to do with small farmers and global food chains ?
The answer is that all the issues mentioned above intersect over small farmers .
If we can't quite get a grip on what is happening to the world , we wo n't be able to do a good job for them , and we 'll waste a lot of resources in the process .
It 's perfectly reasonable to want to assist farmers to build a better life by adding value .
It 's also perfectly reasonable to expect their produce to be fresh and non -toxic .
And it 's only natural to want to facilitate this process through aid , technical assistance , capacity building and the like .
But the road to hell is paved with good intentions .
Maintaining order I had originally planned to call this article Supermarkets , Smallholders and the Second Law of Thermodynamics .
The Second Law is about order ; the Universe is inexorably heading to increased randomness and disorder .
For practical purposes , this does not have to be a problem because we can increase order locally by hard work , by expending energy .
But in the process we create greater disorder ( heat and waste ) elsewhere .
Higher fuel prices could eliminate two - way food journeys
If there is plenty of energy and plenty of " elsewhere " , then we do n't have to worry .
Indeed , for our whole existence , we largely have n't worried ; in fact the whole world order , built on trade and economics , has n't worried .
Biological systems know all about thermodynamics .
All living things are highly ordered assemblies of molecules continuously battling against disorder .
Commodity chains must also obey the Second Law ; in a sense , they are living things , creating highly ordered products and emitting significant waste and heat in the process .
For example , a recent study looking at Nicaraguan coffee production and processing showed that the total energy embodied in coffee exported to several countries - though not all - was not compensated by the dollar price paid for that energy .
Essentially , the conclusion was that the country is exporting subsidised energy .
It could well be that coffee is still the best way for farmers to earn a living and that the available energy could not readily be put to a better purpose .
But it should at least make a country 's decision - makers wonder about the long term policy , the true value of exported products and how sustainable a country 's commodity chains will be in an energetically expensive future .
Look too at a modern high value vegetable chain .
The orderliness required to plant , grow , harvest , process , pack , store , monitor , administer , transport , display and sell the produce in a supermarket is simply staggering , and the expended energy intense .
As an example , tomato production in the US consumes four times as many calories as the calorific value of the tomatoes created .
The point of this article may now be apparent .
We are intervening , politically and normatively , in very complex systems that we only partially understand .
Waste of energy
This is not a tirade about supermarkets ; no one is forcing farmers into these chains .
Indeed , the retail sector has only done its job : ordering and quantifying according to its own criteria , to a state of near optimal efficiency .
It 's just that the rest of us have not been able to match its brilliance .
At some point , it no longer makes any sense to simultaneously export and import food high in embodied energy
And it 's not about food miles .
The argument about the cost to the environment versus the gains to poor rural farmers has its pros and cons .
Instead , it 's about different sorts of sustainability and the clash of very different interests .
The economic argument , revealed through agribusiness plans , may well be very strong .
But these are inevitably rather short - term positions , and the funds invested may be hedged for exchange rate changes , freight costs and other risks .
When these are just stand - alone business operations then we could leave it at that - they invest their money and take their chances .
But it 's no longer a matter of a few agribusiness operations in a few developing countries .
With the EU's Economic Partnership Agreements now being signed , for instance , countries in the Africa , Caribbean and Pacific ( ACP ) group are on course to completely open their borders to food trade , and will be encouraged to export whatever products they can to the EU .
Foreign investment will descend on certain countries and will look for good deals on infrastructure .
Politicians there may feel obliged to provide subsidised water , road and other infrastructure to secure new export initiatives , and they in turn will look for donor support to carry them through .
Trade departments of development banks and other donors will examine the short - to - medium - term economic argument , but may not adequately determine whether this is sustainable into the long term .
Hence , before significant public funds are assigned to this end , we must do our utmost to ensure they are well spent .
Thinking locally
Getting back to the Second Law ; agribusiness operations in under - developed countries are highly ordered physical and information entities producing products with high embodied energy .
They exist in a landscape of increasing disorder caused by growing populations and a degrading environment .
Could locally - produced cassava flour substitute for wheat flour imports ?
Trucks carrying away the produce along bumpy rural roads sometimes pass food aid trucks coming in the opposite direction .
For example , some $ 45 m ( £ 22.5 m ) of food aid came from the US to Kenya last year .
Even before its sea voyage , the calorific value of US wheat is only twice the amount of calories expended to produce it .
Compare this with cassava production in Tanzania where 23 times the calorific value is gained for each calorie of human energy input .
Is it energetically sound , socially advisable and economically sensible in the long term to encourage and sustain such long two - way supply chains that evolved in a low - cost energy era ?
CARE
International has recently declined the food aid it gets for Kenya , suggesting that it is distorting local agriculture .
Are they right ?
How can they and donors make the right decisions ?
Could it be more sustainable and cost effective for donors to pay farmers a " fair " price to develop food production for local markets - based on costs of fuel , importing food , the risk of the supply chain collapsing or moving to another country , and so on ?
There are many possibilities and a large number of variables , but the most important is to find out how close to the margins of impossibility any business plan might approach .
Surely at some point , let 's say between $ 50 and $ 500 per barrel of oil , it no longer makes any sense to simultaneously export and import food high in embodied energy .
But we simply lack the user - friendly models and metrics that decision - makers need to calculate such figures and project them into the future .
So private standards are fine ; but there should be public standards too , or at least a set of criteria based on the most fundamental laws of physics and biology , before significant public funds are spent .
Dr Peter Baker is a commodities development specialist at CABI , a not - for - profit agricultural research organisation The Green Room is a series of opinion articles on environmental topics running weekly on the BBC News website Do you agree with Peter Baker ?
Does our current system of food production and distribution make sense ?
What are the factors preventing reform ?
Should the price of food products reflect the energy involved in making them ?
His arguments are totally cogent and I agree with them .
However , there is this old saw - Give a man a fish and you will feed him for a day .
Teach a man to fish and he will sit on the river bank and drink beer all day !!
Ishkandar , London
Want to eat local ?
Come to Texas : I picked fresh oranges off the tree in my front yard on Christmas day !
Not only did I get fresh fruit : I got it while dressed in shorts and sandals on a 70 - degree day in the middle of " winter " !
Jason , Houston , TX , USA Thanks Peter , your article makes sense thermodynamically .
I think , the supply chain inefficiencies are due to external factors such as consumption - driven economic development , international politics , etc .
No matter what , we will always be more efficient by reducing the disctance between the point of production and the point of consumption .
Accordingly , if we eat the corn directly without feeding it to cattle and then eating them , we will be more environmentally - friendly and sustainable .
Sahdev , Bangkok , Thailand
No one ever thinks of the real cost of bringing bananas to northern countries .
Agribusiness is in the business of making money and the food they produce is a byline .
They have to satisfy their shareholders .
Consumers are secondary .
What happens to countries where monoculture has replaced native food production .
This is the price for cheap food we get in North America .
The cost to others is immeasurable .
Serbianbelle , Toronto , Canada
Wow , this really has us all thinking .
Thanks every one .
sue , Reno Nevada US
I rent 4 garden plots at under 100 a year .
I can walk to them but prefer to drive as I am 73 and retired .
In one area I have 8 trees ( 2 pear , 4 peach , 1 nectarine and 1 apricot ) .
In the other areas I have tomatoes , beets , beans , garlic , peas , flowers , cucumbers , pumpkin , radishes , onions , raspberries , potatoes and sometimes other things .
As it is a Mediterranian climate I can grow something all year long and do .
I eat as much of it as I can and share some with family and fellow gardners as do they giving me eggplant and zucchini etc from their plots .
I put in a few hours a week , try not to over water and freeze much of it for later use .
It is a lot of work but it is a healthy enjoyable pastime also .
The flowers , which I do not eat but enjoy , probably give me so much joy that I stay healthy enough to continue gardening for the food products .
The grubbing around in the dirt in the cool hours of dawn and sunset are part of the joy of gardening .
I use worm droppings for fertilizer and the tools are provided by my garden club , keeping to a minimum my costs ( my ammenities fees monthly pay for them mostly ) .
The only problems are cute little bunnies , various bugs and human thieves , as well as a few sore muscles when I over do it .
I wish more people would do this , but they wo n't .
Last year my friend picked 1,500 tomatoes from his patch and donated some to others and to the local Orange County Outreach ( they maintain a food bank for those down on their luck temporarily ) .
Some older people have been found dead in their gardens with a smile on their face as they were doing what they most enjoyed well into their 90's .
I see myself in this article and sense that there needs to be a change in our general outlook on life before much of it goes through any changes .
The golf players nearby are having fun in their own way .
To each his own , live and let live is great , but when it comes right down to it , destroying the world to have quick big bucks will destroy me too and I do not like that at all .
Soon our plots will be taken away and cost effective money making residences will replace them .
The food , the joy , the exercise , the health and the happiness will not matter in the equation .
Values differ .
Housing and money in the bank usually wins out and the power seekers are strong enough to win most of the time .
Patricia Gothard , Laguna Woods , CA
Is it a problem that the tomato that I just enjoyed took a lot of energy to produce ?
Will it stop me having another delicious tomato tomorrow ?
Not until the price changes to reflect the energy expended ?
What proportion of the price is energy - related ?
Probably the square - root of not a lot .
Most of the other costs are reduced by mass - production which implies specialisation which drives the existence of global cash crops .
The underlying cause that is driving this energy inefficient model is the labour - cost difference between the first world and the third world .
The solution would be either to abandon the minimum wage in the first world or implement it in the third world .
How do you do the later ?
Implement it through the leading Bourses .
You cannot raise capital on NYSE , LSE , NASDAQ , .. etc unless you abide by ethical standards .
i.e. pay > US$ 1 / hour Capitalism works really well so let 's just make it ethical .
Chris Reynolds , Auckland , New Zealand
Water too must be taken into account .
Acquifers are being pumped dry around the world .
We are exporting virtual water , as well as energy , with the production of food .
Judith , Fullerton , California usa
In the final analysis , I think it all boils to this :
We have become greedy & stupid .
Greedy people get greedy government and polices .
A century back , our society was largely " needs based " .
It was carefully manipulated to become a " desires based " society .
Anyone who has seen " A Century of Self " documentary made by BBC's Adam Curtis would agree .
Regards , aidroos
Al Aidroos , Hyderabad , India " It 's not just the calories " People need vitamins , minerals , fiber , you name it too .
However , it may take 18 kilos of grain for a kilo of beef , or 8 kilos of grain for a kilo of pork , or 4 kilos of grain for a kilo of turkey , ... why do n't we just eat the grain .
Problem with that is people evolved 5 million years as hunter gatherers : vegetables , roots , fruits , nuts , lean game when they could catch it .
Result : we do n't make Vitamin C or folate , that 's from the veggies , we need B vitamins from the game .
Looking at the dentition they did n't grind grain with their teeth - grain came up very recently , 10,000 years ago or so , along with diabetes , obesity , and overpopulation ..... oh , by the way , no dairy either .
Jerry Amos , Hollis , NH , USA " Biological systems know all about thermodynamics . "
Obviously the biological system that wrote this article did n't !
Thomas Goodey , Cuxton - upon - Medway , Kent , ENGLAND
As the cheap energy runs out , people here will go from being able to afford mangoes shipped from thousands of miles away to being unable to afford a turnip grown just up the road .
Dr Baker is absolutely right about the urgent need to start thinking about food in terms of energy returned on energy invested ( EROEI ) .
In fact , we need to start thinking about * everything * in those terms while there is still time to develop alternatives to a system where everything relies on fossil energy .
Very few people understand how close we are to a terminal decline in global oil output ( which will hasten the depletion of gas , which is the primary substitute ) .
As fossil energy diminishes - almost certainly faster than renewables can be ramped up - it wo n't be just those who are currently poor who face starvation or death .
P. Coyle , Glos , England
In a truly " free market " economy , the thesis makes no sense .
Energy is part of the cost of production ; therefore , energy expended in fertilizer production , transport , packaging , display , preservation , advertisement , etc. all go into the cost of the food produced .
If locally produced goods are produced using less energy and hence at lower cost inputs , then they will compete and WIN , discouraging wasteful production .
The problem is that we are not in a truly free market economy ; it is distorted by such things as subsidies , protectionist policies , and food " aid " .
CARE is perhaps right to reject imported wheat from the USA , but only if it has an alternative solution .
In fact , it makes more sense to subsidise African production for African food aid , as that is more efficient .
But there 's a catch : you can't wait a growing season or more ( after all it takes time to ramp these things up ) to deliver food aid ; the need is immediate and critical .
But it does make the case for long - term investment in local production to head off famine more efficiently .
Regrettably , with both US and European agricultural production distorted by subsidies and supported by powerful agricultural lobbies , all the while wasting taxpayer money , intelligent policy will take back seat to politicians ' need to get elected and re-elected .
In sum : truly free markets would account for and regulate the energy that goes into production , but they do not exist -- and will not exist until we develop the political will to make it so .
John Wendt , Kampala , Uganda
The article definitely provides a large amount of food for thought , although I do n't understand the point on some of its arguments .
Having lived in the U.S for many years , it was always a surprise to see Bananas from Costa Rica being sold for 30 cents a pound , or California grown Lettuce or Strawberries going for so cheap in Michigan .
Having moved a lot , I used the Banana cartons occasionally as they are quite sturdy , and were in my opinion as valuable as the Bananas they contained .
In the case of Californian products , obviously having access to cheap foreign labor was a key factor there .
I do n't agree with completely going local either .
Having some local products is fine , but you can't force it .
Would n't it be boring to only consume local ?
What 's wrong with having a Banana here in the UK ?
At the end of the article Dr. Baker poses questions to be answered before public funds are being spent on agriculture .
I believe this is exactly the root source of all the problems he talks about earlier .
If there were no public funds being spent on agricultural products , and there were no government intervention in the economy , then every country and every region would adjust to what they can produce best , and the disorder Dr. Baker is trying to talk about would give its place to order and sustainable production .
Kian Mehravaran , London , UK " Guy Gordon , Atlanta , USA writes : Thermodynamic Energy and Entropy ( which Baker confuses in the article ) are not the same as Power and Money .
For example , in physics Energy is conserved .
In economics Power is generated and spent .
Power has an average cost , and a marginal cost " H Zaidi , Virginia , USA writes : " what am I missing here ?
Being a Physics graduate student , I do n't understand how you can create more output energy than the input energy . "
These are two absolutely fundamental points - which seriously question the very nature of economic thinking .
" Energy " and " Money " are two completely different ( unrelated ) concepts .
They appear to be linked via the " energy market " - but this is an arbitrary relationship becuase the values of the currencies involved have no objective value .
If calculations are made on the basis of " energy use " ( joules , calories , etc ) the outcomes are presumably constant for all identical calculataons because the variables remain unchanged - while any calculations based on the " monetory value " ( dollar , euro , etc. ) of energy will vary ( minute to minute ) with the market price .
So underlying the problem is the conceptual relationship between " economics " ( which might basically be concerned with the outcome of wealth , or energy , flows ) and " accounting " ( which is basically concened with the nature and relationships of the varianbles within the various equations used to calculate the outcomes ) .
Presumably , it is bad " accounting " that causes us to believe in " cheap " food - when the real ( social - economic ) costs are extremely high ( probably , for all of us ) .
However , this still leaves us with the problem of what exactly " economics " deals with :
Most economists seem to believe that economics is concerned with the generation of " wealth " - but cannot really define what exactly " wealth is ( except in subjective terms based on the concept of " money " , which has an arbitrary value ) .
So how does " wealth " relate to " energy " ?
If wealth is directly related to energy then presumably it connot be increased or reduced but only conserved .
Then economies can only distribute and not create wealth - unless the laws on thermodynamics are themselves not properly understood , or have limited application .
However , if " wealth " is a purely monetory concept - then because money ( after being removed from the gold standard ) has no real value outside the currency market , " wealth " is surely an illusion kept only alive by the currency traders .
Somebody once told me that in Communist Europe , the problem was not a lack of money - but a lack of goods to buy .
This is surely the bottom line :
Ultimately , one cannot eat money :
One always has to exchange the money ( if one has it ) for the essential products one needs to survive - which also have to be available .
Bizarrely , it is the unavailability of these products that increases the price and decreases the value of the money that might have been used to buy the products - had they been more available .
So the best way to become rich for essentail commodity holders is not to produce more - but to reduce the supply well below levels of demand .
This increases " wealth " for a few - but drives the rest into poverty .
So perhaps the real problem is that postmoderist socio-economic theories have persuaded us that conceptual money is the same as physical goods .
As a result , the ( post ) modern Marie Antoinettes all cry " Let them eat Simulacra ! " .
So no wonder we are all dying of intellectual and physical malnutrition .
Trevor Batten , Manila , ph
It is complicated by all these subsidies , direct and indirect ( transportation infrastructure ) and the most complex subsidy , Mother Earth .
Without these , we would get a better idea of the true cost of foods .
The local apples will look a much better deal than those Florida oranges .
But we see what happens at the WTO when we confront big business ( aka government ) with removing these subsidies .
Ray Powell , Victoria , BC , Canada First
I want to say good morning and I say that because it is and it's essential to this discussion .
Too often people lose hope .
Too often people think how increasing entropy in a closed system is upon us and it can't be overcome .
It 's counterproductive and just not true to think this and I want to thank the author for not taking a defeatist attitude .
Seeing things like that almost makes it so .
If I remember correctly the second principle of thermodynamics only holds in a closed a system but I submit there is a powerful new force that keeps it from truly being a closed system .
The collective voice of millions of people and their ability to communicate in ways not even imaginable not long ago .
As long as that remains open there is hope .
Modern communications and the increasing willingness of people to work together to solve things brings a huge new force to bear .
By taking stock of what 's happening to the planet and ourselves as well we essentially give voice on this planet to all the living things that together try to hold back physical principles long enough for life to continue let alone advance .
The increasingly complex matrix of life on this planet that has stood so valiantly all this while against what is now called the second principle of thermodynamics now has voice .
The power of communications in getting people to work together is huge .
As long as people have a shared willingness to ask for help when they need it even from wisdom of other generations and nature itself and do n't go off half cocked on a road to war there is hope to find answers to the pressing issues that are truly upon us .
So on this day , a day when Russia says it 's going to stop fighting and games are going on in Asia , those things that have protected the common good for so many ages stand a good chance of being protected and surviving .
As far as food is concerned I 'd say people need nutrition to be able to think straight and the value of getting what 's needed where it 's needed can't be measured in calories .
Dale Lanan , Longmont , Colorado , USA
Some of this article makes sense .
It would be great to produce locally and suply locally .
A leading country in this area is Cuba .
Having had to put up with an embargo for so long they 've had to become more or less self sufficient .
As a result everyone 's turned to producing food on large and small scales , in urban as well as rural areas .
But we have to be realistic , we can't be 100 % self sufficient but we can at least try to reduce the amount of food imported .
Vicky , Reading , UK
It is probably much wiser to stick to discussions centred on the application of the First Law of TD , although it must be said that is precisely here that economic gurus seem to falter , so its clearly a challenge .
Going deeper too soon , carries the risk , apparent in financial circles at the moment , of using higher layers of elucidation as a smoke screen to hide the almost obvious .
peter , swansea gb
There are simply too many people chasing too few resources - this looks set spiral in line with global population .
In 50 years we will all starve so lets not get carried away with using science and aid to artificially enhance the problem at the expense of all our childrens future .
Population control is the key to sustainability .
jim , glos
There is a solution to this complexity : a carbon or energy tax collected at point of first use .
Then the economic systems we have developed will work to help us to a solution .
Instead of having to worry about whether that paper bag or coffee is higher or lower CO2 than the alternative , the price will tell us .
The accountants will help us " go green " .
The challenge is how to get it to happen .
In an ideal world , it would be a uniform global tax .
But we do n't live there .
So the practical route is for Europe to impose the tax - and CO2 based tariff barriers *.
Otherwise , we 'll just send the manufactuing to China , along with the CO2 production .
Big problem for politicians is that such a tax has a disproportionate impact on the disposable income of the poor .
But that 's reasonably simple to fix - raise the income tax thresholds so that more poor folk are low tax , cut VAT a bit and increase basic state pension & unemployment benefit a bit and it would be fair .
* If we offered to " match EU tax " on anyone who was to CO2 audit their imports to the EU or came from a country with a similar CO2 tax , this could be WTO compliant as it aims to create a level playing field rather than " favour the locals "
Piers Mahon , London " Surely at some point , let 's say between $ 50 and $ 500 per barrel of oil , it no longer makes any sense to simultaneously export and import food high in embodied energy .
But we simply lack the user - friendly models and metrics that decision - makers need to calculate such figures and project them into the future . "
No we do n't : it 's called money .
When transport costs get too high , there will be financial incentive to produce more locally - as Dr Baker has just said himself !
If you want policy , you can preemptively incentivise local consumption by imposing huge import tariffs .
I expect developing world farmers would react very positively to that .
Mark , Surrey , UK
When the recently leaked World Bank report shows over half of the current world food crisis is caused by Europe 's demand for biofuels ...
The discussion chain around food and energy gets much much shorter for many
At the end of the day the rich are getting richer , our caviar costs more , but then we can afford it as we drive to the supermarket in our nifty biofueled energy efficient vehicle , to restock our highly disposable 5 star fridge .
Meanwhile out here in the boondocks , ( Indonesia ) the price of rice and oil have doubled , the price of fuel has as well and in the more remote regions small children starve to death , because they can't out bid mum and dad in the suburbs for the price of fuel for their bellies over the price of fuel for our greeny 's suburbanites car ... the energy debate gets shorter as does the road to entropy Dave Hodgkin Indonesia
Dave Hodgkin , Yogyakarta , Indonesia
The issue is treated with an open mind , using questions rather than definite statements .
The approach to the problem is scientific .
Under present economic " laws " such issues cannot be solved and the market only works short term .
The second law is usually ignored by economists .
Georgescu Roegen is not very popular with the Chicago Boys .
Let hope more people start thinking like Dr. Baker
We have not much time left to propose a systemic economic model adapted to our small planet .
Reality does n't give rewards or punishments , only consequences .
Michel Ickx , Montmorency France Peter Baker makes a number of interesting points .
He suggests that producing food for consumption locally will reduce energy wastage by cutting the use of oil , etc for transport .
This seems eminently reasonable .
One might add that local production might be better targeted to local needs and thus less food wastage from damage and rotting .
He also recognises that the agribusiness operates in a very complex environment that is poorly understood and that different groups of people within that environment have many different , often conflicting , interests .
However , his suggestion that we should measure the effectiveness of the food chain by the foods energy content as a proportion of the energy needed to produce and deliver it to the consumer is very questionable .
Who drinks coffee for its calorific content ?
Surely it is for the flavour and its stimulant effect .
And likewise tomatoes which also provide essential vitamins , minerals , etc. Equally Peter Baker 's invocation of the laws of thermodynamics appears misplaced .
Yes of course it applies ; they can not be avoided .
Without energy input everything will degenerate into chaos .
But there is an input from the sun which can ' sustain ' something we might regard as ' order ' on earth .
It begs two questions : What order do we want ?
And , how should we maintain it ?
History suggests that civilisations rise and fall .
Small local groups of people develop modes of survival for a time , then fade away .
Darwin's law of survival of the fittest applies to groups of people too though the issue is complicated by the interaction and competition between such groups .
Local production for local consumption might contribute to survival and reduce energy consumption in the world .
It might contribute to reducing greenhouse gasses and consequent global warming .
But in a world populated by competing politicians , economists , large business organisations and a discourse set on globalisation it is not going to happen .
J I SANDER , Sidlesham , Chichester , UK This article promised to be good .
I stopped reading when I got to " the Universe is inexorably heading to increased randomness and disorder " .
Only one question Dr Baker - how could you ever know ?
Susie Squeegee , Leicester , England A very confused article .
There may be an interesting argument in there somewhere , although not one I fully agree with .
Of course firms take energy and transport costs into account .
If , in a free market , production and trade occur it means there are private , and usually social gains to be had .
As pointed out , this may not be the case if governments heavily distort markets , by subsidizing fuel for example - and I do not advocate such a policy .
But removing trade barriers is not an example of distorting market forces , just of allowing them to operate fully .
And investment in roads and infrastructure is inadequate in almost all developing countries , anything that improves this situation will be a positive step .
It is likely that traditionally energy scarce societies will have developed more energy efficient agricultural sectors , as the example of Tanzanian cassava would seem to suggest .
This makes the potential gains from trade , as measured by the author 's criteria , even greater .
The author 's main point seems to be that economic rationale does not take proper account of the longer term picture particularly regarding the use of energy , and that governments and donors need to intervene to correct this .
Why free markets are efficient in the short run but flawed in long run is not explored .
More importantly , the cost of energy is just one of many constraints that farmers and food exporters operate under , and not the single most important - at the optimum this constraint is not necessarily binding .
Even if it were possible , forcing private agents to minimize energy use for a given level of output will not necessarily lead to the socially optimum outcome .
Of course governments should intervene where markets fail .
One failure of the free market is that it does not take into account the social costs of fossil fuels - such as pollution and global warming .
This means these sources of energy should be taxed .
If the tax is set at the right level , private firms should be allowed to maximise their profits - what private firms do best - in this higher energy cost environment .
Over much of the last two centuries western entrepreneurs have been operating in an energy abundant environment .
This era may come to an end eventually , and the energy constraint begin to bind although this looks to be some way off - there is still plenty of oil left .
Around 200 years ago the basis of economic activity began to shift from solar , water and wind energy to fossil fuels .
We may be in the early stages of a similar paradigm shift today .
Science has already found the solution to a potential economic problem .
The similarly slow take up of coal powered steam engines two centuries ago and nuclear power today is striking .
Peter Richens , Phnom Penh , Cambodia the market works because it all will seek the lowest input costs and sell at the highest possible market price .
by factoring in calories / energy expenditure amounts , will only lead to more government ' for the good of the people ' interference of the natural flow of the market .
Does anyone remember the food control place upon Britain in ww2 until the fifties .
or the soviet and chinese versions of socialism inspired food control .
It was a disaster and led to less food produced the market wanted and more of what the state wanted .
The subsidy to support unwise operations and dreams , etc. trust me the if some sort of control issue forth to do the green work of the lord ( so to speak ) , government and it power hungry minions will usurp it for their own and never willing give it back .
A good example is the Canadian Wheat Board or the Dairy council in Eastern Canada , where once setup not even the elected government of the day with the mandate from the people , can change their mandate or close them down .
The special interest groups see to that it not only protected , but expanded and further enriched .
I could on and point US subsidies to it's own farmers , etc .
The road to hell is paved with GOOD intentions !
And is a good intention we should ran away from .
No , I do n't support the above ivory tower call to arms to save the world from ourselves .
A good is only worth what two people agree to exchange it at each based on each own needs and wants .
Lastly , after working in Africa , grain is seen as luxury good with good status images attached to it for the local .
Cassava is the have not and lower status local .
White crusty french loaves are for the elite .
So change the image of better for the world products and you will solve more problems than you will create with ' calories ratio controls ' and other government acts .
stephen elliott , Montreal , Canada
Very good ; finally we are getting to think ; the thing that is so difficult to explain to people is how incredibly simple the whole ball of wax approach is ;
But then that is - using the biology analogy - usually the way ; once you have figured out what is going on ; even the most complex issue is elegantly simply .
I entirely agree with Peter Bakers request that we " think locally " - that is after all where " we " are ; we have never been this far away from the stuff we need to survive ; besides our food , our medicine , our knowledge , even our values often come from " miles away " - yet for millions of years our " stuff " ; food , knowledge , health care ; values where here with us in our own village ;
Having our stuff presently so far away ; over the sea , over the internet ; miles away over the Telivision - it makes us extremely vulnerable - we no longer know how stuff works , and if the technology in between runs out of fuel ; we are stuffed - that is why we are in a very vulnerable time ; we have never been this far away from the basics of survival at any time in our human past .
Be aware of that vulnerablity .
We have forgotten how ecosystems work ; we live in a semi- detached in a city - but we still go off and smash up an ecosystem 9,000 miles away - because we export our " forgotton the knowledge " behaviour round the globe .
The problems are elegantly simple ; I can explain it all in 5 seconds with a bar graph of kiddies shoes through the ages ; I can explain it all with an abandoned car , over grown with a huge bramble bush at the end of a garden .
The problem is elegantly simple ; it 's " us " We have had 300 brief - very brief years of running amok ; " more more more " - we 've been drunk , had a wild night ; bust a few things ; now we have the hang over ; the question is ; are we going to learn our lesson and say " never again " or are we going to drink our selves to death .
The problem - and the solution , if we want it ; is elegantly simple ; we need to think , and the first question is " what do we want the human race to be and do " . . . over to you 6 billion people .
Cheers Steven
Steven Walker , Penzance
It does n't make sense to me that England is exporting home grown sugar to other parts of the world and importing " fairtrade " sugar .
Surely it would be better to use the local sugar beat grown in the fenlands of England rather than sugar cane from Malawi ?
Chris , Sheffield
There is definitely a good point in paying local growers to produce food for local markets .
Taking produce the equivalent of three times round the country , or the world , is plain ridiculous & should be discouraged .
Besides which , nothing can beat the flavour of home grown veg & fruit .
It 's the only way to grow runner beans .
On a more serious note , it makes a lot of sense for countries in the Developing World to grow food for their own populations rather than for export & then have to import food Aid .
As well as being better for the world in general .
Sharon , Portsmouth
This article certainly goes beyond the food cost / mile or the pollution by export / mile .
Is there any chance Peter Baker can have a little stay at UC Berkeley ?
give a little speech perhaps .
The topic will certainly attract a large audience since Berkeley is a very " gree " and eco-conscious local .
Katherine , Berkeley , CA , USA Cutting through the convoluted language the message seems to be this : if we allow energy prices to be forced sufficiently high the world food supply system will fail and we will have to go back to the local production like we had in the middle ages .
Firstly I would question the envirosocialist assumption that this is a good thing .
The last famine in England was in the late 1600s - personally I do n't want to go back to a system where heavy rain one summer means I starve .
Secondly I would question the assumption that energy costs must inevitably rise .
If we are willing to challenge the envirosocialists then we are quite capable of developing new sources of oil , biofuels , hydrogen , nuclear power etc. etc .
It is only the politics of people who WANT to take us back to the middle ages which is stopping this at the moment .
John , England
An excellent article overall !
Although I disagree with the analogy to the second law of thermodynamics , the article articulates well the inefficiencies of a colonial mindset to providing aid .
Anirban , Bangalore , India Absolutely spot on .
If you artificially inflate food production with energy from a finite resource , then you can expect a crisis of falling output and rising costs when the energy runs out .
Worst case scenario - if you cannot replace the energy input you will have a famine on your hands .
We need to pay more attention to food production .
We do n't even need advanced technology or science to achieve this or even huge investment - just a change of thinking .
For an example of what can be done and succesfully so when cheap temporary energy runs out
Arwyn Lloyd , Llanelli
I do n't think we should be allowed to legally buy New Zealand lamb when we have British meat so readily available , and I do n't think I 've ever noticed a difference in taste .
Same with buying water in bottles from France or Fiji - it does n't make any sense to me .
CHRISTINA , Stockport Sick of seing farmers / producers throwing away on motorways their products which do n't sell , sick of seing the " Distribution " dictating its law to suppliers and killing small businesses hence decreasing the variety of products available , sick to see non reusable seeds on the market , sick to see that the need for humanitarian aid has become permanent in some countries and is overall growing constantly , sick to see the appropriate responses are not there ...
Yes to an increased awareness of actual cost and actual value of nutritional resources , and YES to clean and ethical trade , including to more control or constraints if necessary ...
Relate this to the increasing cost of food basket for vegetarian families ( french survey ) , to the energy invested in biofuels , in surplus meat production .
Nothing much will happen unless there are will and means to regulate the food chain across nations .
How much can this be isolated from developmental issues in emerging countries ( or should we sa !
y sinking ? )
Unfortunately the power of lobbies is unbalanced , but I hope a " clean / green " thinking will be empowered .
Joelle , Pertuis , France I heartily disagree .
You can not compare apples to oranges or a t - shirt for that matter .
If one was to buy into this argument , then any NON food item produced in the world that is not designed to produce at least some kind / amount of energy , is a complete waste of the energy used to produce it .
Give me a break !
I suppose he would have us all starve since eating grass would be a no no probably since one can imagine the waste of all that sun that grew the grass .
Get real !
Thomas , Rome , Italy
The value of this article is hugely reduced by Dr Baker 's reference to the 2nd Law of Thermodynamics .
Far too many people think they understand what " disorder " in the thermodynamics sense means .
Please rewrite after doing some research and proper thinking .
Robert , Slough
As long as we want to eat out of season foods and those not available locally ( indigenous ) we will continue to eat irrationally .
The " salary - calorie " link should not be dismissed either .
Eating " richer " does n't always mean eating better .
Nick Allen , Ras Al - Khaimah , UAE
In the major food exporting countries , the entire process is heavily subsidized throughout the entire process , whether it is agricultural subsidies or tax loopholes for the oil companies .
When Burger King charges one dollar for a double cheeseburger , the real price is much , much higher .
When huge subsidies are given to agri-business , that cost is hidden .
You have already paid for the thing before you even see it , via taxes which are diverted for subsidies .
Another tragedy is how food aid is apportioned to the starving nations .
American aid policy works like this : Say 100 million dollars in aid is granted to Somalia .
We do n't just hand over the cash , we deposit it in an American bank , and we require the aid recipients to spend the money here in the US .
What this really is is another subsidy for American farmers .
Instead of taking that money and spreading it around where it will do the most good , building infrastructure and creating wealth , it simply goes back to where it came from , the American taxpayer .
So instead of actually helping Somalia , we are just making a few bucks off of them .
A bushel of wheat produced locally benefits everyone involved , whereas a bushel of wheat transported 10,000 miles only has benefits for the sellers , and only drives up the price .
Remember the story of a young African woman whose family was able to send her to an American university because a private aid group gave her family a goat .
They were able to turn that goat into more goats , sell the milk , and as if by magic , a family business is born .
That is how food aid should work .
Unfortunately , this is a problem that can not be solved with the current system in place .
To solve this problem would mean abolishing ALL agricultural and energy subsidies in the developed world .
Here in the US , the multi-national food corporations and the oil companies have a stranglehold on the electoral process , through the corrupt campaign finance system .
As recent history clearly shows .
I work in an upscale grocery store that mouths hippie platitudes about sustainability , environmental concerns , workers rights , animal welfare , etc .
One of our key corporate values claims to be " buy local " .
And yet we sell a huge number of products from overseas .
The organic frozen spinach from China is a good example .
How sustainable is that ?
Or eggs from New Zealand ?
I know we have chicken farms here in the US .
My personal favorite item is the oranges from Australia .
Do n't we grow oranges in California ?
I wonder about the environmental cost of these things .
I think more people would question the status quo if they were better informed and had a government that represents the people , and not just big business .
Michael Williams , Los Angeles USA
An absolutely brilliant article .
It really makes no sense to carry food over long distances , when perfectly sound production opportunities exist at the destination .
While food remains the most important basis for life , there is no need to consume South African grapes in the UK , Californian wine in Germany or Finnish strawberries in Singapore .
Higher energy prices increase costs for transport and fertilisers .
This in turn promotes local agriculture and ecological farming .
The benefits are not only in energy savings and local economics , but also in global security as supply dependencies are reduced .
Henri Horn , Jyvaskyla , Finland
All of these metrics are based on oil prices and / or electricity production costs .
Once more renewable energy sources are in the supply chain and new fuel cell technology in automotive vehicles is employed these figures look very different .
Our dependence on harmful fossil fuels is still the root of these economic and agricultural problems .
Gary , Den Haag / Netherlands
Our current system only makes sense in a world of cheap , readily accessible oil and for which both are becoming steadily less true as time goes on .
Since oil has a high calorific value itself , it enables all these lengthy journeys for our foods .
Without it , there exists no alternative save for sailing ships to transport across the globe .
Peter , Watford , UK " But we simply lack the user - friendly models and metrics that decision - makers need to calculate such figures and project them into the future . "
Just introduce a complex currency .
The real part is what you as " buyer " pay directly now .
The imaginary part is the prediction by the " seller " of expected inflation / deflation .
Products using many endangered natural resources ( atoms ) should be given a large negative imaginary value , products relying on intelligence ( bits ) should be given a large positive imaginary value .
It should then be up to national and international political decision makers to define a current i-value of commodities like oil .
I can recommend that Peter Baker continues to study the second law of thermodynamics , which is probably the least understood of all physics laws .
Niels Kjaer , Frederiksberg , Denmark
It is the prime duty of the country to provide food , cloth and shelter to the people .
As such , the price of food and cloth should match with the purchasing power of the people .
Even if the cost of production and distribution of the food system is high , the government should bear the difference amount of the cost of the production and the price his people could afford .
Only after that comes , cloth , and other necessities like transportation etc .
akhila , Salem , Tamilnadu , India I think it would be wiser to look at the whole picture , rather than study each product on its own ( e.g. the example with the tomatoes ) and make sure that the price / energy balance is there .
It 's probably right to make sure this balance is there for a country or region 's OVERALL agrobusiness .
Even the most successful enterprises often have ' loss - makers ' in their product or service range .
They are offset by the winners , but their contribution is to provide a comprehensive range , which is a selling point and will ultimately increase business and profitability .
DM , Nicosia , Cyprus
Most certainly a more realistic view of the relative prices of foodstuffs in terms of the cost of inputs per calorie produced should be considered by trade policy makers .
Cheaper and cheaper coffee , tea , and cocoa for example are enjoyed in the developed world at the cost of local food production in the countries where they are grown .
It is time to reconfigure global trade and a good starting point could be to stop trading food , i.e. corn , wheat , soy , etc. on the commodities exchange in Chicago .
Aleksandra , Fredericton , Canada Bravo .
Dr Baker cuts through a lot of the emotional pleading with his logical approach .
Let us have free trade in food and stop the destructive forms of aid / subsidies / protection that distort markets and penalise efficient long term production .
russell , France
We produce food for reasons that have nothing to do with energy yet it would be sensible to allow prices in the markets to reflect energy values .
The most energy efficient food products may not be the most popular taste varieties .
CLIVE RICHARDSON , BKK Thailand
How about not supporting out of control human population growth , instead of complaining about tomatoes ?
Gah
Earth Ling , Earth
Thank you for this vitally important message .
For many decades , subsidised farmers in the developed world have undercut subsistence farmers in developing nations , putting them out of business and promoting food dependency .
The true costs of energy are now emerging , and are forcing food exporting nations to adopt more realistic prices .
Developing countries need to reinvigorate their agriculture quickly , or face deeper poverty and starvation .
We are training our people to grow their own food ( http://diepsloot.org), but it 's a race against time .
We need clear thinking on these issues , and your article is very insightful .
Trevor Turton , Johannesburg , South Africa
In India in the name of Special Economic Zone , the Govt. and Multi National Companies are buying fertile agricultural lands and convert them into satellite towns , Industries and thus polluting as well as reducing the existing food production .
Presently in India most of our farmers are under debt because using vigoursly genetically modified seeds in cotton , wheat , rice etc. , which not only failed the farmers also turned their fertile land into den .
SIVARAMAN , Chennai , India Several years ago ( on JuryFury ) I published and article claiming that " energy " and not money should be the basis for economics .
Also , for cultural reasons , we focus on a " dead " physics ( with " animism " removed ) - but " organic systems are anti-entropic .
Inorganic systems decay but organic systems grow .
So by thinking organically ( and in terms of synegetic energy ) we get an economy of pleanty insterad of the economy of scarscity used to bully us now .
Trevor Batten , Manila , ph Part of the problem is EU & USA .
The USA particularly , for political reasons has to subsidise and support farmers .
This causes overproduction and to prevent the local markets from getting flooded by really cheap product , they send food aid to third world countries which further destroys the agriculture there .
This has been well documented in Ethiopia .
Another example was in the 70's India used to get wheat from the US in Aid.
Indira Gandhi stopped the aid and a few years later the country was able to become self sufficient .
Prashant , Jersey City , USA
It strikes me that this guy is writing for an audience of peers - peers with whom he was discussing the very same subject about half an hour ago !
It would sit better in some obscure section of the Economist or Nature than behind a prominent link on the BBC website .
Do n't you have editors at the BBC anymore ?
He makes far too many assumptions about what the audience knows .
I tried quite hard to follow him as it's a subject that I 'm quite interested in .
But do I agree with him ?
I would n't know !
If you really want to engage people on this subject - try breaking it down into some mini articles .
Put some pictures , diagrams , real life examples and supporting evidence .
Matt Bounds , Melbourne
The problem is we do n't hear these words from government , the very place we should be hearing this from and lots more like it on every topic .
Peter for PM !
Frank , USA
Do you agree with Peter Baker ?
Avsolutely Does our current system of food production and distribution make sense ?
Not a lot .
Being from an island , thousands of miles away from the Mainland US , we witness the pressure and impact of gasoline driven delivery firsthand .
What are the factors preventing reform ?
Simple .
It 's not time for most of us to plant a garden .
Although expensive , store bought produce / goods is very attractive to most of us because of our conditioning to it .
However , when the time is right and food is scarce or much more highly priced , more gardens and growing facilities will flourish locally .
However , Should the price of food products reflect the energy involved in making them ?
Absolutely .
We run a small food business and understand what this question means in depth .
Most raw materials must be flown n from an average of 6000 miles away .
( PA to HI ) .
On our wholesale shelf , they have already been thru the various stages of plant , grow , harvest , process , pack , store , monitor , administer , transport , and THEN we take it over and further add our energies to it .
All in all , a phenomenal amount of energy is involved on both our parts ( to those who handled our product in its raw form , and to us , who purchased it at high prices and further added our energy to it )
You may ask ...
Why do we do it ?
Why not grow our own Garbanzo beans ?
Why not grow our own sesame seeds and grind to a butter ?
these are great questions to be answered by someone who can fulfill the farmers end .
Adil Ghiasi , Hilo Hawaii
A tedious piece of gobbledegook .
What is Dr Baker getting at ?.
Should now be the time that Big Brother starts handing out the Soylent Green , perhaps padded out with Cassava flour ?.
Karachi Frog , Karachi , pakistan
It was a good example of why the science has trouble getting through .
It was virtually unreadable .
Rambling , all over the place .
Be concise , get to the point .
daniel , Perth hi , actually i agree with the writer 's perspectives , on the other hand i also think that it 's understandable that the current system of producing and distributing food produce does incur a lot of energy wastage ; since in the process of food production , food producers only consider the cost that actually involves in production and neglect the external cost and energy wastage that generated to the environment , for example air pollution , etc during the production process .
and it is hard to ask them for compensation as there 's no way to force them to internalise such external cost .
in the sense of external cost , i think it will be much fairer to reflect the actual cost and energy of food produce in it 's price tag since in this way excess production could be prevented and the issue of further energy wastage in food production could be dampened .
rocky , hongkong I agree .
Here in Canada we buy fish caught in Canadian waters but processed in plants in China and then retailed back in Canada .
This makes even less sense than importing most of our fruit and vegetables from far flung countries .
Thousands are unemployed in Atlantic Canada and receiving benefits and retraining while the fish companies receive direct and indirect subsidies as a result .
Can we trust the safety of processing in China where all corners are cut to save pennies ?
Our family has stopped buying products like these which are over - processed anyway .
But with other products such as fresh food how can we save money when costs are rising substantially due to transportation costs and increased shareholder payouts or competition from megastores like Walmart which competes with " unfair " practices like using the same size box as other stores but not filling it as much and hiding the content sizes ?
Living in a city isolated from main centres and farms and in a country with a long cold winter makes it very difficult to grow our own food .
If we followed the 100 mile diet about 80 % of our food would disappear .
Our produced in Canada energy is higher priced than in the US .
Our best food is exported to Asia and Europe while we pay higher prices for subgrades .
Basically , we are still a colony of the former ( and still ) colonial powers .
It is very hard to know what to do .
Peter Hecht , Ottawa Canada
Buy into it already - can't believe we 're so far backwards in subsidies , genetically modified foods , nutrient - depleting fertilizers , and demanding our fresh pineapple in Alaska in the middle of winter - that this opinion article seems so far out of touch .
We need more articles published like this on a routine basis so people start understanding and accepting this concept .
Local farmers are my heroes - they give me 3 square meals a day .
It 's a shame my neighbors eat shrimp from the other side of the earth and tomatoes from what was the Amazon rain forest .
Buy local .
Buy seasonal .
Pay for food that is sustainable enough to be here for 7 generations after us .
Try it - it 's the thing that will re-connect you with your community - guaranteed ...
Scott Francis , Seattle , WA , USA I am not up on the physics and biology of food growth and its energy expenditure .
I think giving food or selling food to other countries on a non ending basis for the last 30 years is pointless .
Continue feeding the people for now but give them the tools and equipment they need .
teach them to farm and help them feed themselves .
Give them the tools and teach them to build dwellings that will continue to stand .
Give them the tools to build the fresh water wells and show them how to use them .
Help them to stand as human beings and to stop forcing them to beg for food to just stay alive another day .
Linda Spalding , Huron Township
I partly agree with this , however , it does n't allow for how efficient the local farming practices are .
For example , lamb from England or France may have a shorter route to the supermarket than lamb from New Zealand .
However , farming in New Zealand is so much more efficient than that of Europe that the actual overall environmental impact is still less overall than if you had bought locally
Howard , Christchurch , New Zealand
It makes little sense to carry food and drink products halfway round the world in all directions - such as oranges from Florida , apples from California , bananas from the Caribbean , kiwi fruit and tea from China , wine from South Africa , lamb from New Zealand , beef and coffee from Brazil .
The list is enormous .
We live in a global market but it is global madness to spend billions of dollars on moving food and drink round the world , increasing green house gases , so that people can eat seasonal fruits out of season , drink Californian wine with their turkey at Christmas , and have a fruit salad containing fruits from 9 or 10 countries below the equator , while fields are left fallow in the EU to support farmers to grow weeds .
So what will impede reform ?
GREED .
STUPIDITY .
VESTED INTERESTS .
The latest mind numbing crass stupidity encouraged sanctioned and subsidised by various governments is biofuels , replacing food crops to grow crops to fill gas tanks , so the rich countries can drive 4x4's while the children of the poor die of starvation .
Brilliant , really brilliant joined - up thinking .
The simple stark reality is that there are too many people on this planet consuming depleting resources , even the UK it guilty having a population twice its realistic self - sustaining level .
There are limits to growth - and we are reaching them quicker than ever .
jim barin , middlesbrough , uk I agree in principle with Peter Baker 's final comments , but the example that he uses , of the efficiency of Tanzanian production of cassava , is not appropriate , IMHO .
It is a little too sensational to be helpful .
There are other comments I could make about that example , but suffice to say that his case is not helped by such examples .
Better by far , I believe , to provide references to fully documented cases and to let the interested readers further their own knowledge separately .
Claude Tamplenizza , Sydney , NSW , Australia
I agree that shipping food all over the globe is unsustainable and invites disaster during the next world oil shock .
Heavy government subsidies to farmers in the USA and the EU have caused the current situation where their farmers are sending their cheap produce all over the world , undercutting African and Asian farmers .
Japan also heavily subsidizes its farmers , but more to keep them alive ( Japan 's domestic food production is only 40 % of food consumption ) .
Buying locally produced food must become a priority .
Hokkaido is one of Japan 's most important agriculture areas , so this is not difficult for me .
If cutting farm subsidies is political suicide , then at least use the subsidies to direct production toward biofuels .
While the energy efficiency of biofuels is also hotly debated , at least Asian and African farmers will not be undercut and higher prices will encourage local food production .
Stuart M. , Kushiro , Japan
I think his considerations make a lot of sence .
I hope his ideas get through to those who make decisions .
vilma lessmann , São Paulo , sp. Brasil
If growth , production , and distribution were based on natural growths by season and location ; then , we would decrease all of the combined costs associated with transport but we would not have the varieties currently in the food rich countries .
When the cost of transport gets too high , food cannot come in from other areas .
We need to feed the whole world .
jvplanet@comcast.net
jvplanet@comcast.net , jvplanet@comcast.net
The costs of all economic activity , including agriculture have got to include the costs of externalities ( the ' free ' serevices provide by nature ) , ie the costs of countering ( by sequestration or some other method ) CO2 or cleaning polluted water supplies or protecting endangered marine environments from pollution and unsustainable fishing .
A carbon tax is an essential first step with regard to CO2 , as the market alone will react too slowly .
Only when we price externalities into the costs of our consumption will the true market value be realised and the market will clear accordingly .
David Topping , Wadhurst , East Sussex , England
What an eye opening article .
I 've always enjoyed local produce because of the freshness and better flavor .
Seeing the bigger picture of food production answers several questions I 've had through the years .
For instance , why in a country as fertile as Kenya do they need food from relief programs ?
Thanks for the education .
Dotti , Port Orange , Florida , USA
A movement toward local markets for most foods is the way toward basic sanity , globally .
This would actually make it easier for a wider variety of foods to reach people in regions where abundance of food is short .
Grant Vecera , Indpls. , IN , USA wake - up people , the ( sub ) humans of monetary , materialistic and consumptive society have to release their IRON GRIP in the world , there is no second place for the truth , without it there is no JUSTICE and without JUSTICE , life is not LIFE , only this unbearable round of destruction and chaos all chosen by man as a result of his actions , yawn , yawn , your higher self awakens to destroy your lower selves of sin .
THE WAY OUT - WWW .
THULEA.COM
knight of sub - human doom , london - u. k the money made by the food being sold is all that matters .
steve
steve , crystal beach tx .
I absolutely agree .
It makes no sense for countries to export produce while they rely on food aid imports !
Not only is this an environmental travesty , it also undermines local self - sufficiency and , obviously , long - term food security .
Global security in all senses of the word depends on sustainable economic and environmental systems ( which are in fact intimately intertwined ) .
It is largely short - term political / economic gain by the few that skews our food sources -- and markets -- toward globalization .
Especially as fossil fuels become scarcer and more expensive , we will all do better to appreciate and nurture the small producers nearby .
Thank you for this interesting perspective on the subject .
Fawn Bilgere , Madison , Wisconsin , USA
I totally agree that one of the most significant and pressing problems facing our era is the globalization of the food production process .
Like many other problems we currently face , it comes down to the impact that large - scale companies ( e.g. multi-nationals ) have had on processes which for generations were taken care of at local and regional levels .
It has lead to a Western World that does not know how to farm , how to raise and slaughter , and how to even identify what they are eating .
Kudos to Peter Baker for adding his voice to those already crying out for a better way of food production , with the interests of everyone at heart , not just those companies which control global markets .
I would hope that people throughout the Western World would understand the true impact brought about by their desire for out - of - season produce ...
Chris , New York New York USA
Of course , Peter is right but the solution may be more tricky than paying farmers of Kenya or any third world countries higher price .
The farmers of U.S will be up in arms as their subsidized wheat and corn will find no ready customers !
Instead Europe , U.S and FAO should train every year thousand farm scientists from third world countries in latest crop technology and the latest cost effective & relevant farming tools available world over .
Sid Delhi
Sid , Delhi , India THE ENERGY YOU WATSED IN WRITTNG YOUR ARTICLE , THAT SPEAKS IN TERMS , WAY OVER EVERYBODY'S HEAD IS NOT WORTH THE ENERGY TO READ ; HOWEVER ; IF WRITTEN SO THAT PEOPLE COULD UNDERSTAND YOUR IDEAS ; YOU MIGHT HAVE A POINT !
DAVID A. PACE , HILLSBORO , OREGON , USA
This article is brilliant , and a way of looking at food imports and exports of which I would have never thought .
It is a funny thought to import energy in the form of food , but it makes sense .
Food is energy for people , yet we sit in the middle of an energy crisis .
It is probably too simple to see food as equal to energy , but the thought has its merit .
Justin K , Gettysburg , PA , USA Brilliant !
The trouble with the modern western economy is it is entirely based upon excessive consumption to sustain itself .
It is like the metabolism of a morbidly obese individual , who must consumed thousands of excessive calories just to maintain its own massive body weight , a downward spiral of waste until eventual death .
This modern world economy must go on a strict diet for health and safety and preservation !
Long term vs short term ...
Habte Selassie , Los Angeles !
This is a bit daft really .
The value of food , or other crops for that matter , is not solely the energy stored in it ; the cost of it is not solely the energy input to produce it ; and the energy eventually stored is not a factor solely of some abstract human - produced energy input which could be expended equally anywhere .
On the other hand , if you were looking at biofuels crops , and comparing them to other fuels , the argument would make a lot more sense ...
Even then , the environmental cost of even the human - mediated part of the energy input ( vs. solar energy input to crops , for example ) depends very much on the circumstances and how the fuel or electricity is produced , so comparing energy input and content is likely to be at least as misleading as the ' food miles ' concept .
Nick Clarke , Wellington , NZ
There may be something here to consider , but the necessary economic parameters are confusing .
" As an example , tomato production in the US consumes four times as many calories as the calorific value of the tomatoes created ....
Casava production in Tanzania ... where 23 times the calorific value is gained for each calorie of human energy input " seems nearly 100 times as human energy efficient .
But perhaps the total energy of tomato production is only 10 % of the value of the commodity versus perhaps 50 % of the value of the Cassava if grown with Western type agriculture , versus 1 % if grown by a subsistence farmer in Africa .
I can't do the math , but it may be that it still is better for each to import from afar .
More examples are needed to understand the problem .
Another factor may be the amount of water required .
The irrigation in Africa may be far more ( or less ) available than in the west .
Another factor may be fertilizer .
And so on .
I 'd like to see something akin to paying for carbon pollution applied to agriculture .
But we need to consider more than energy .
We need also to consider other resources : land , water , sun , soil conservation , vitamin and mineral content of the product , tilling techniques ( are bacteria and worms thriving , and do they help ) , and most likely many others that I am not aware of .
Who has a handle on this whole picture ?
It seems that we subsidize , encourage , and hype the products that we make money on , to the detriment of thinking of the whole system 's needs .
Everett Senter , Wailuku Hawaii US of A
It is an interesting concept and one we may have to do more to save energy .
Michael Charton , Tucson , USA
Since when was capitalism meant to make any sense ?
Our system is largely based on supply and demand , not prices fixed by government eggheads .
Communism tried to manage and organise everything in the food chain based on various assumptions , and eventually they could n't even feed their own people on anything better than canned spam , cabbages and turnips .
Unable to even feed people properly , their system collapsed within a decade .
Food price inflation , when it arrives , again , will force change , again , like the last time during the 1970s .
Playing with the food supply chain , especially one that works , is playing a dangerous game .
Every country on the planet is about ten bellyfulls of food away from a revolution .
ady , edinburgh
On being wasteful : Corporations inhale profits and exhale products at an ever accelerating pace .
The sad thing about this is that we all jump on the Green bandwagon and say we want to do something about upward - leaping food prices , and all the CO2 being emitted into our nonrenewable atmosphere all the while driving in SUVs comparable in girth to the M1A2 Abrams , and throwing garbage out of our car windows on our way to work at Exxon Mobil 's Corporate headquarters .
As an American I genuinely hope to see the day when we stop acting like the arrogant kids on the block who think they own it and more like the fun yet responsible neighbors the next street over ( in reference to our omnipresence in world affairs ) .
Jose Quintana , Orange County , Ca , USA
The article possibly inadvertently exposes some of the complexities in the argument about the growing and transport of food .
In talking about the calorific value of tomatoes for example , it possibly misses an important point that we do not eat tomatoes for calories .
We eat them for a whole range of other constituents such as vitamins etc which have a much higher value to the consumer than the simple calories themselves .
The fact that the calories consumed are higher than the calorific value of the output is therefore irrelevant .
Unless we can put all the attributes of tomatoes on a common basis , just looking at one element runs the risk of distorting the assessment of alternatives .
As an economist , I would suggest that the value that the consumer attaches to the tomato , which takes into account all these factors may be the most useful measure of its worth .
However this is not to say that distortions in input prices should not be recognised , but we need to be careful ab ! out too broad generalisations .
Richard Paling , Auckland New Zealand
The cost of food already reflects the cost of growing it unless it is distorted by government subsidies .
If I want fresh tomatos and I can afford them what do I care about the calorie value required to produce them ?
I 'm eating them because they taste good .
Mr. Baker 's work is interesting but I hope it is n't used as an excuse to tack on more fees and tariffs in an attempt to " balance " the market for tomatos or coffee ; consumers are quite capable of doing that on their own .
Scott W , Port Orchard , USA
Why is there no mention of the huge waste of energy that is raising cattle ?
Rainforests are being turned into grassland and pasture to raise cattle or grow corn and soybeans to feed them .
Soil nutrients are being depleted due to the high demand for corn causing farmers to plant the same crop over and over again .
Then it all needs to get hauled to feed a cow that will produce , as unhealthy , fatty meat , a tiny fraction of the energy that was required to make it .
Stop raising livestock ( cows , pigs , kangaroos even ? ) .
Start hunting MODERATELY if you really do n't think you can give up your steak .
Feed more people .
Live longer .
Feel better .
Uzumaki , San Diego , California , USA Great article .
Finally somebody who acknowledges the importance of the real Master of the Universe : the 2nd principle of thermodynamics .
Everything , from economics , to biology , to emotions , to obviously , information , should be read in this perspective .
Lorenzo , Los Angeles , USA Central to any conversation about the efficient use of resources in agriculture needs to be the topic of livestock .
Not only does it take a significant amount of food and water to ' fatten ' an animal , but their output in terms of food energy is minimal by comparison .
Additionally , the land used for livestock could easily be put to use in growing more food and they collectively pose a bigger threat in regards to global warming than transportation does .
Jenifer Mainetti , New Haven , CT USA
Its as well to invoke the 2nd law , however going a little further , individual corporations may be highly ordered and efficient , but the second law indicates this would create more disorder in the economic system as a whole .
Bill Higgs , Ladysmith Canada
The cost of meat is a factor that needs to be discussed .
Using 10 times the wheat , 40 times the water of a vegaterian diet is not sustainable nor efficient .
Asking people to pay the real costs of meat without subsidy would be a real start .
Ankur Sethi , sterling , va Right on , Peter .
Along the same lines , I always wonder why politicians promote expensive mass transit for people to travel relatively long distances to works at low paying jobs , rather than promoting closer " work development " parks .
We have the " SMART " train plans in north California - all to take a projected 2500 people 63 miles to another poorly terminated work location dead end .
For about 1 billion dollars ........
For a billion dollars , I 'm sure that you could develop more than a few profit generating " work parks " within 10 miles of anybody on the money losing " SMART " train line ..........
Great writing - keep it up !
Thanks -
Marc
Marc Salvisberg , San Rafael , California USA
Well , Cassava flour is lousy nutritionally .
And why do you show a poor Black farmer as an example of saving energy ?
Why not show a middle class agribusiness farmer in Africa who is exporting fruit to Europe and enriching the entire region ?
As for supermarkets using energy : Yes , in the PHilippines , our full time maid has time to go to the palenke and spend an hour each day looking for local food , one from each vendor .
But in the US , I had to shop after a 50 - 60 hour work week , trying to fit shopping for food into a busy schedule .
I could do that at in our supermarket in one hour ...
You forgot to calculate the time and energy spent by consumers in your shopping calculation .
Living primitive sounds fine , but it translates to making women household drudges .
Nancy Reyes , Gapan City Philippines
I raise chickens and corn on Cebu Island , Philippines .
I also have a trucking business that hauls chicken food and corn to and from the mills .
What I wonder about is the efficiency of the traditional farming methods , with reasonable amounts of both chicken manure and commercial fertilizer , using either water buffalo or small tractors for plowing , compared to the gigantic farming implements and massive fertilization in the US .
Yields are good here , and it seems far more energy efficient than in the US .
It has to be , to keep food affordable .
Richard Stone , Cebu , Philippines " . . . the margins of impossibility . . . "
This is deep .
simon , here !
The human race as a group is mostly illogical , selfish and greedy .
Almost all activities could operate with much improve efficiency if only governments had the nerve and will to make the changes .
I am afraid its not going to happen until it starts to hurt the hip pocket .
The most serious problem we have yet to face is over population - over consumption
Barry Bligh , Warrnambool Australia
I do n't know what the point about tomato calorific values is supposed to show , when they are a product eaten more for their vitamin and other nutrient contents and valued most for their contribution to low calorie diets .
If the argument is about hidden environmental costs and the distorting effects of subsidies and taxes then it could be made more clearly .
For the cost of energy to reflect the environmental costs ( according to some mathematical model agreed by all governments ) then presumably this would mean all energy would have to be taxed at the same rates worldwide before any trading was allowed .
Otherwise a horrendously complicated tariff system would need to be set up to bring the embodied energy costs of each product to comparable levels , to allow fair trade to occur .
Is Dr Baker proposing we should have a worldwide planned economy ?
That has n't proved particularly successful in the past .
Paul Wotherwell , Crawley , England
The subject of the world 's human population is not being addressed adequately , relative to climate change .
Nature in it 's infinative wisdom controls numbers , of all life forms , ( Other than human ) by controlling the food supply .
Yet huge efforts are put into increasing the food supply for humans to support an ever increasing human population .
Not enough attention is being paid to solving the problem of our " Throw away society " and it 's total impact on our environment .
And what about the capitalist / profit motive , system itself ?
Without which little or nothing can be achieved .
It 's the antithisis of conservation and consumption control .
We have to find another way of making things happen .
colin mountford , Brisbane Australia
While this is certainly on the right track I think we should all know that counting calories is not the full story .
There are many other factors to be considered .
Some are the relative nutritional quality of foods and the overall health and environmental consequences of their production , storage , and distribution .
I suggest everyone read the FAO report Livestock 's Long Shadow for a broader perspective on the cosequences of livestock production in particular .
You should be able to easily find the report online .
Stan Thomas , Salt Lake City , Utah I think he 's on to something .
It explains why agri-business developed so many energy inefficiencies and paradoxes .
Just understanding that it 's been skewed by the availibility of essentially free ( or cheap ) energy is interesting .
I 'd like to here more about his metrics and his thoughts about where to go from here .
matthew avalos , Los Angeles USA
I used to work in the fruit - n- veg section of a big supermarket ; in the warehouse there was a poster that read " For every calorie of fruit we sell , it takes 100 calories of jet fuel to bring it to the store " the upshot being , do n't drop the fruit .
This is probably far more shocking these days than it was when the poster was printed a few years ago - but Peter 's point stands .
Melons in December are not natural , nor a smart way to apportion limited energy resources .
But I disagree with his tomato point :
All large - scale food production costs more calories than you get by eating them .
He could have pointed to beef , which has a ratio of more than 10:1 because you need several kilos of grass / corn to get a pound of meat .
Casava may yield more than it consumes ( ratio 1 : 23 ) but the fact that Kenya needs food support demonstrates how unreliable a source this is .
The reality is that the price of food already reflects the value of the energy contained - and energy is cheap .
When something is cheap , we waste it - as it goes up , we 'll be more careful .
Joseph Walsh , London , UK
The road to hell is paved with good intentions .
I can't find a more apt metaphor for this article .
Has the author given thought to the possibility that the reason the locals export cassava flour and import wheat flour is because of preferences ?
Consumer tastes and preferences inform their spending choices , consumption choices , which in turn inform the demand and supply in local markets which determines the levels of imports , if any .
One thing to be granted is that local markets are definitely distorted by subsidy aids to poor countries ( It is economically more sound to give cash - vouchers for food ) and to simultaneously subsidize farming in places like Japan , the EU and the US where crop production is generally more expensive than third world countries .
But apart from this , the existing systems and supply chains in the world reflect the direction of trade .
If the cost of energy in transportation is increasing , then supply chains will take note of it and less will be demanded on the other side to compensate for more expensive transport .
The agricultural economy is well suited to handle increases in costs and changes in demand .
It is only undermined by government intervention in fixing floor prices and establishing trade controls .
Sriram Subramanian , Bombay , India I do n't understand how evolution can be compatible with those same laws of thermodynamics which state that the universe heads towards disorder , and not order ( our planet and our bodies ) .
Lewis , Aberdare , Wales
Yes , it seems short termism has to be reformed from both ends of the political & financial ( including the WB , IMF & other dev Banks ) systems & the food supply chains .
But this needs an abundance of good will , and a long term vision based on sustainability principles not the next 3 or 4 election term .
the paradox of countries once self sufficient in local , diverse , resient food sources now due to WB prompting and bribery ( inter - generational Debt actually ) these nations are now tettering on social & political collapse due to reliance on imported food staples .. ie the Philippines now has displaced a self suffiency in rice with an export crop , cotton , which is crippling farmers , due production costs equalling international prices .
greenhornet , Noosa , Australia
It is best for health to consume foodstuffs grown locally anyway .
Statistics show national health is degrading fast because of processed foods and imported foods , both of which are the result of the communications / transportations technologies , both of which consume a large percentage of the aggregate energy output of this planet .
It 's an extremely powerful wheel in fast motion that will require some powerful force (s ) to redirect .
Perhaps bumper stickers on cars would help make a start .
Caroline G. Attri , Oakland CA
Would have liked to see a mention of the costs of producing meat products as well as vegetables , since the ' hidden ' costs are so much greater .
Ron Reed , Seattle , WA , USA
Whether we agree with Peter Baker would seem to be largely irrelevant , since bandying opinions back and forth and trying to substantiate them irrationally would probably require the consumption of ego - driven energy - of a relatively high calorific value - rather than critical thinking - with arguably a lower calorific value .
Who is to say which opinion ( his or ours ) has the highest calorific value ?
Is not the giving of our opinions merely playing a zero-sum game , where the BBC is the winner , having tricked us into expending some portion of our cognitive surplus in recording our opinions ?
In the end , is it not just a load of hot air ?
Iain Barraclough , Auckland , New Zealand .
I AGREE BIG TIME
Luke Smith , Manchester
Food could be marked with some kind of " efficiency factor " : a number which informs the buyer of the ratio of total calories used in producing and supplying a given product to how many it contains .
In this way the public could make informed choices when shopping .
Mike , Aberdeen Scotland I once saw a fast food advertisement comparing one of their " healthy food " products versus the competitor 's offerings .
In the ad , the competitor 's product had nearly twice the number of Calories as the advertised product -- for the same price .
Clearly , the competitor had the edge by providing more " bang for your buck " in terms of Calories , right ?
Of course not , because that would be ridiculous , almost as ridiculous as the calorie - based scheme proposed here .
Because it 's not about calories , it 's about * food . *
Why is it these environmentalists think of the worst possible metrics to gauge " fairness " and " compensation " by ?
More pollution credits for having * larger populations * ( Kyoto Protocol ) ?
So we encourage countries to have larger populations for more credits , irrespective of whether the citizens derive any " benefits " of that pollution ?
Now some scheme to reward exporters of foods with the highest caloric values ?
Shall we simply ship refined sugar as " food " across the planet now ?
Even better , how about pure oils and fat ?
This almost makes the worst fast - foods the most attractive export for country .
Chris C , Salt Lake City , UT , USA .
I broadly agree with Dr Baker - as soon as I saw his reference to the 2nd Law of Thermodynamics I thought " Here 's a Peak - Oil aware commentator " .
The groundwork laid by Howard Odum through eMergy ( embodied energy ) metrics is already there ; but it will be distorted so long as we use a fiat currency approach to measuring value .
While our economic system can create " value " out of thin air , our chances of applying an energy accounting across the economic realm are low .
I have been trying to find public domain materials related to the attempts by the Allende regime to establish a fusion between market demand and state supply through an early computer network .
I am sure the now - delayed TEQs have been designed with such an aim in mind .
Rob Lauder , Leominster , UK
It 's axiomatic , common sense ; things are as they are ; but greed and ignorance create consensus illusions ; only the blind and the deaf are not aware of the destruction of a planet .
N. Hammer , Horby , Sweden Comparing calories expended to calories produced is silly .
Energy sources are not fungible ( you can't eat petroleum ) , and different types of energy vary in price .
Thus the cost of the energy inputs for that tomato may be offset by the price of the tomato , if tomato - calories are priced higher than fertilizer - calories .
There need be no trick or subsidy to make that true : we just value tomatoes higher than we value the equivalent caloric amount of manure .
Climate change is coming - which is precisely why we need agribusiness in Africa .
Subsistence farming , always a crapshoot , is becoming ever more tenuous as drought cycles worsen .
The subsistence farmer does n't have the resources to handle risk without starving , the capital to extract more food from his land , or the expertise to respond nimbly to environmental change .
Big agribusiness companies - much as we hate them - prosper because they can do those things efficiently .
And let 's stop romanticizing it : given the choice , subsistence farmers the world over eagerly switch to cash crops or move to cities for work .
That 's because money in the pocket is a much surer safeguard against famine than grain in the barn : money does n't rot or flood or wither away ; money lets you buy food from wherever it 's cheapest .
One of two things will happen with climate change : either we all die , in which case our policy choices now hardly matter ; or we do n't all die , but some parts of the world become much nicer to live in than other parts of the world .
Assuming the latter ( since there 's no point in planning for the former ) , we need to make it easier for people who get stuck in the bad parts to move to , and support themselves in , the good parts .
That means more infrastructure , more urbanization , more and better markets where we can all exchange money for food .
Suzanne , New York , NY
This is one of the most intelligent opinion about energy consumption since " Without the hot air " .
Thank you for publishing this astounding piece of good sense instead of letting it rot in a drawer for a few years .
Albain de Saint Martin
de Saint Martin , Brussels , Belgium I agree with Peter Baker , but something that we no longer discuss is the carrying capacity of the land .
I believe that we feel that it is no longer PC to talk about zero population growth , or being able to feed your children with local crops .
Mary Wood , North Bend OR USA Mr. Baker did n't spell out where he was going with this concept , but I 'm guessing the USA would be affected in a negative way , cause we be ' da bad guy .
jbeegood , Mpls , USA
Yes I wholly agree with Peter Baker .
Knowing the true cost and energy that went into our food should be displayed for people to know how much corn goes into a hamburger , as well as all the antibiotics that are fed to the cows .
Chethan Sarabu , Ithaca , NY , USA Peter Baker must be joking ... academics and bureaucrats to decide on the ' most efficient ' distribution patterns ?
It 's been shown many times where that leads ... to famine .
Read history .
' The Market ' is not perfect , but it is many times better than any other method of allocating engery and effort , and producing food .
Fred , Auckland , NZ Dr Baker 's article is very much commendable and indicates how intricated food as a commodity remains .
As the auther has tried to highlight , agricultural hence food production systems vary a great deal with in and with out geographic as well as cultural entieties .
That makes it difficult to creat a universal model to fit one and all .
However from the global food production point of view one could hypothesise that each production system is a sub-set of the union sharing some if not all the phenomena that interact to the food - commodity value .
The value attributed to food and its sustainability issues so far tend to rely on the interest and the field of concerned individuals , organisations and / or country policies .
Lack of comprehensive approach to analise food production systems is one of the major drowbacks in devising meaningful long term solutions to the problems .
A multidesiplinary approach to understand what the problem is and equally importantly genuine and open minde !
dness to appreciation and intiate participation of the indeginous knowledge base might be helpful .
Mega - programmes designed top - down for poverty reduction by increasing food production are usually very expensive both financially and environmentally with near to insignificant returns as was attests with the green revolution in many developing countries .
Most of all we need many more Bakers who I beleieve transcend the tradition of most senior academics ' who provide us with prescriptive remedies .
Perhaps the international politics , overt and covert policies that affect shifting of any sort of commodity in the world maket does not make the issue as simple and straight forward as it should have been .
Well done Dr Baker I hope your contribution to environmental litracy would be appreciated by many .
Debebe Dessalegne , London , UK " the calorific value of US wheat is only twice the amount of calories expended to produce it " what am I missing here ?
Being a Physics graduate student , I do n't understand how you can create more output energy than the input energy .
the other statement " As an example , tomato production in the US consumes four times as many calories as the calorific value of the tomatoes created . " is valid at least from the point of view of Physics .
It seems to me that the use of Physics is only a distraction from the real subject of the article .
H Zaidi , Virginia , USA I speak as a professional environmental scientist , and previous author of a Green Room article .
This artlcle is incredibly boring , disorganised , badly written , and unclear in its message .
Assuming it is saying the energy balance of food is wrong , that 's an okay point , but it 's not actually very relevant : we can not eat oil , or sunlight , or any other form of energy .
Can you offer a clearer definition of what you are aiming for ?
By your argument , you seem to be suggesting that massive farms , ' efficient ' by an ' energetic ' ( pretentious concept ) yardstick are the answer ?
If this is the environmental message - vague , pro-agribusiness , mealy - mouthed - we 're in trouble .
John M , Stockholm
You would do better to use common sense than bad Physics analogies .
Physics makes a bad analogy for Economics .
Thermodynamic Energy and Entropy ( which Baker confuses in the article ) are not the same as Power and Money .
For example , in physics Energy is conserved .
In economics Power is generated and spent .
Power has an average cost , and a marginal cost .
Some forms of power are cheaper , some are ephemeral , most are non-transportable , etc .
Also , beware of unnamed " studies " claiming to measure the " energy " in crops .
Are they counting the sunlight used by the plants ?
Should they ?
Are they counting the " energy " in the fertilizer ?
Is the producer using compost or guano or Ammonium Nitrate ?
Did they count transport costs as energy ?
How do they know that ?
So tomatoes use 4 x the energy as their calories , eh ?
So what ?
I can't eat " enery " .
How does that 4 x value compare to cheese or beef ?
Who is being quoted ?
Without anything to compare it to , and not knowing how they arrived at it , that number is useless and misleading .
Economics is more complex than Physics .
Because of its simplicity , physicists can create equations and measurements of great accuracy .
Economists cannot borrow the esteem and accuracy of Physics to justify any conclusions of Economics .
Guy Gordon , Atlanta , USA
The image of aid trucks passing export trucks is brilliant .
Any animal that expends more energy to get its food than it receives will inevitably die .
What humans have to their advantage is cheap oil .
We eat it , wear it , live in it and ride it .
The days of cheap energy are dwindling , and we will be pushed back into Thermodynamic realities .
We may as well be prepared .
Tom , Victoria , Canada
This is an incredibly well - written and researched article .
I commend Dr. Baker .
Kenneth Martin , Ithaca , New York , United States of America
How succinctly stated and eloquently phrased .
Bravo Dr , Baker - I just hope there are some people in positions of power ( especially in the developing countries ) following your arguments ?
qfrog , los angeles , ca hi everyone , after i read this i feel i have made a lot of mistakes .
i feel that what peter baker said was right .
pavithiraa , kuwait Dr Baker is certainly on the right track .
A basic problem is that the discipline of economics has not caught up with the crucial need to factor in energy in calculating cost / benefit .
A second problem , almost entirely unrecognised , is that the decision making systems in balancing internal national food production against importing food have very slow response times for feedback when such decisions turn out to be inappropriate for a particular countries circumstance
richard sadleir , Lower Hutt New Zealand
The argument , as I am reading it , makes sense .
It just sounds silly , to be sending food to a country that is exporting food out of it .
The Green Revolution has forced countries into a system that does not make any sense .
Feeding one 's country a variety of goods will save on energy costs , rather than producing one crop , which is then exported , and the money used to purchase food from another country .
The system is flawed , and something needs to be done to fix it .
Mandy , Red Creek United States
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
An anonymous commenter says the tail - recursive loop in my previous post would be clearer with loop .
I agree in principle : recursion is more general than needed , so a loop should be clearer .
Should be .
But Common Lisp is not especially great at expressing iteration .
( loop for c = ( peek - char nil stream eof - error - p ) while ( whitespacep c ) do ( read - char stream ) finally ( return c ) )
I 'm one of those “ knee - jerk anti- loop ists ” , so maybe I 'm reading this with unfriendly eyes , but it does n't look any clearer to me .
It saves a line of explicit recursion , but spends one to explicitly return the result ( but maybe I just do n't know how to use loop ; is there a better way ? ) , which makes the control flow a little odd .
Plus I do n't like having to parse an S - expression !
What about ordinary do ?
( do ( ( c ( peek - char nil stream eof - error - p ) ( peek - char nil stream eof - error - p ) ) ) ( ( not ( whitespacep c ) ) c ) ( read - char stream eof - error - p ) )
As usual , do has more non-form parentheses than I 'd like , but it would be considerably shorter if it were n't for the hideous repetition of ( peek - char nil stream eof - error - p ) .
This is an unfortunate side - effect of a feature ( not stepping variables with no step - form ) I rarely ( never ? ) use - if I wanted a non-stepping variable , I 'd use let .
In my opinion do would be much more useful if it handled the common case instead , and made a two - element binding clause ( var step ) equivalent to ( var step step ) .
One could also reduce the mystery parentheses a bit ( and increase generality ) at the cost of only a little verbosity , by making the end - test a standalone form :
( defmacro until ( test & body result - forms ) " Terminate a loop if TEST evaluates to true . " `( when , test ( return ( progn , @result - forms ) ) ) ) ( do ( ( c ( peek - char nil stream eof - error - p ) ) ) ( until ( not ( whitespacep c ) ) c ) ( read - char stream eof - error - p ) )
That 's not so bad .
I 'm not the first Common Lisper to complain about the lack of iteration facilities .
Jonathan Amsterdam 's answer is iterate , which is basically loop with parentheses and more features - including one , finding , for writing this sort of loop .
Here 's the ( untested ) iterate version :
( iter ( for c next ( peek - char nil stream eof - error - p ) ) ( finding c such - that ( not ( whitespacep c ) ) ) ( read - char stream eof - error - p ) )
It would be a two - liner , except that ( finding ... such - that ( complement #' whitespacep ) ) does n't work - that shortcut only works if the right side is a ( function ... ) form .
That functional bit is a reminder that I 'm going about this the wrong way .
None of these loops approaches the clarity of the functional way .
If the sequence functions worked on streams , reading characters as needed , we could just do something like :
( find - if ( complement #' whitespacep ) stream )
and unread the character afterward , if we got one .
Or , if peeking returns a derived stream which delays removing each character until the next one is needed :
( find - if ( complement #' whitespacep ) ( peeking stream ) )
MANILA ( Reuters ) - The United Nations has called on more Asian leaders to agree to a plan to end deforestation by 2020 to slow down the destruction of plants and animals , a top official said on Friday .
About 80 percent of the world 's known biodiversity could be found in forests , where about 1.6 billion people also depend for their survival , Ahmed Djoghlaf , executive director of U.N. Convention on Biological Diversity ( CBD ) , told a news conference in Manila .
! ADVERTISEMENT !
" The project to stop deforestation by 2020 is feasible , it 's doable , " Djoghlaf said .
In a meeting in Germany in May , 65 countries committed to support a call by the Worldwide Fund for Nature for a zero net deforestation by 2020 , but only two -- Cambodia and Vietnam -- were from Southeast Asia .
Djoghlaf said the world was losing around 13 million hectares of its forest cover every year , about the size of 36 football fields a minute .
About 95 countries have totally lost their forests , he said .
In Southeast Asia , forest fires destroyed about 10 million hectares between 1997 and 2006 .
More trees were being felled due to shifting agricultural practices , illegal lumber trade and large - scale mining , he said .
At the current rate of deforestation , said Rodrigo Fuentes , head of Southeast Asia 's Center for Biodiversity , the region would lose three - fourths of its 47 million hectares of forest and up to 42 percent of its biodiversity by 2100 .
Djoghlaf and Fuentes said the destruction of biodiversity would also impact global security and the world economy due to rising competition for scarce food and fuel resources .
( Reporting by Manny Mogato ; editing by Carmel Crimmins and Roger Crabb )
An Introduction To Gen_Server Erlybank
Website scripting is n’t necessary .
The user interface is simple to use .
There is also the possibility of managing the site remotely , albeit slightly more advanced .
On board Mrs Palin 's campaign plane , journalists were told by stewards that she was watching in the VIP section of the charter 's satellite TV system .
As reporters howled with laughter during the five - minute skit , there was reportedly silence from the front of the plane .
Since 1992 Dr. Ballitch has served Mansfield , Ashland and the surrounding area .
He established Advanced Eye Care Center in 1997 to serve the residents of the the Mansfield , Ohio area with the latest in state of the art technology .
Our medical office and AAAHC certified surgery center 's professional staff and doctors strive to provide patients with the most advanced and highest quality medical and surgical care available .
We participate in most insurance plans including Medicare and vision insurance .
It has now been confirmed that Bank of America has bought Merrill Lynch for $ 44 billion .
Originally , Bank of America had been in the running to buy Lehman Brothers but balked at Lehman ’s black hole of a balance sheet .
The U.S. Government was offering no backstop for a Lehman purchase as it had for Bear Stearns .
Merrill shrewdly dialed up Bank of America , in fear for their own continued existence .
They have been able to strike a deal – and at a decent price .
Notch one up for John Thain .
Bank of America made a big mistake in buying Countrywide Financial — one that they will regret for years .
Buying Lehman Brothers would have been even more disastrous given their exposure to Commercial Real Estate .
But , this deal is good for several reasons .
It is better for Merrill than BoA though , as it is a premium to book value and the current stock price .
The Merrill deal is much better than a potential Lehman deal .
Merrill has a much better Investment Banking franchise ( the former BofA and the former Nations Bank that comprise BofA ahave no IBD prowess to speak of .
Merrill has much better distribution in its retail brokerage operation .
This will be huge in terms of raising capital .
Merrill has already booked over $ 50 billion in writedowns whereas Lehman has less than $ 20 billion on the books .
( see the writedown league tables here )
Merrill is not leveraged to Commercial Real Estate like Lehman .
This is another bubble that is in the process of popping .
You have been warned !
Here is what Bloomberg has to say about the deal .
Bank of America Corp. reached a deal to acquire Merrill Lynch & Co. for about $ 44 billion , the Wall Street Journal reported , after shares of the third - biggest U.S. securities firm fell by more than 35 percent last week and smaller rival Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. neared bankruptcy .
The boards of Merrill and Bank of America approved the transaction this evening , the Journal reported , citing unnamed people familiar with the matter .
Discussions about a transaction unfolded after Bank of America , the biggest U.S. consumer bank , and Barclays Plc , the U.K. ’s third - largest lender , abandoned talks to buy Lehman earlier today .
The $ 29 a share purchase price would be 70 percent more than Merrill ’s closing price of $ 17.05 in New York trading on Sept. 12 .
Such a deal would value the firm at more than $ 40 billion .
Merrill employs the largest U.S. brokerage force .
Bank of America , based in Charlotte , North Carolina , has maintained its AA credit rating as other U.S. financial institutions , including Merrill , faced downgrades .
Merrill ’s stock plunged last week after Oppenheimer & Co. analyst Meredith Whitney predicted a $ 6.87 billion third - quarter loss and investors speculated that New York - based Merrill may sink along with Lehman .
“ A merger between Merrill and Bank of America is a good idea , ” said Richard Bove , an analyst at Ladenberg Thalmann & Co. in Lutz , Florida .
“ If Lehman fails , the next bank to be attacked would be Merrill .
They are attempting to forestall that attack by linking with Bank of America . ”
Thain , Paulson , Geithner Merrill spokeswoman Jessica Oppenheim declined to comment .
“ We do n’t comment on speculation , ” said Bank of America spokesman Bob Stickler .
Merrill Chief Executive Officer John
Thain , 53 , was among the Wall Street chiefs who gathered the past three days for a series of meetings at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to discuss a resolution for Lehman .
U.S. Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson and New York Fed President Timothy Geithner summoned the executives to the weekend meetings .
Bank of America representatives skipped the initial sessions because the bank was bidding for Lehman .
Bank of America has rallied 82 percent since reaching a low on July 15 .
On Sept. 12 , the shares climbed 68 cents , or 2.1 percent , to $ 33.74 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .
Merrill shares fell 12 percent on Sept. 12 to $ 17.05 , the first close below $ 20 a share in a decade .
Source
Bank of America Said to Reach $ 44 Billion Deal to Buy Merrill – Bloomberg
We ’ve rounded up some of our favorite stay - at - home activities to inspire you and help you continue to find joy in the space around you !
The report seeks to answer some specific questions about the changing face of motherhood and determine the extent to which modern ‘ solutions ’ to motherhood are more or less beneficial than the solutions of the past .
more
This report is , as far as we know , an account of the first ever study that has been commissioned by Freemasons from a non-Masonic body .
None of the SIRC members involved in the project are Freemasons , a fact that evoked surprise and welcome in equal measure from the Lodge members we met .
more
The accompanying reports combine a review of existing literature with an analysis of original quantitative data derived from a poll of 9,582 mothers from 12 countries in Western Europe , making it one of the largest studies of this kind ever conducted
Perhaps a true challenge to pro-ana sites would be to explode the myth that dietary restrictions are the only fair measure of a person 's capacity for self - control .
If we continue to equate fat with laziness and thinness with strength and morality , even subconsciously , then the pro-ana movement cannot be blamed for effectively taking this train of thought to its logical conclusion .
Totally In Control
- The rise of pro-ana / pro-mia websites .
This is a gathering point for sentient individuals who are working to cause changes to occur in body in conformity to will .
There are no victims here .
This is not a place for the faint - hearted , weak , hysterical , or those looking to be rescued .
This is not a place for those who bow to consensus definitions of reality or who believe in the cancerous fallacy that there is any other authority on earth besides their own incontrovertibly self - evident , inherent birthright to govern themselves .
This is a place for the elite who , through personal success in their ongoing quest for perfection , demonstrate daily the power and results of applying will , imagination , creativity and effort toward meeting their goals .
( ana 's underground grotto )
Type anorexia or bulimia into an Internet search engine and the results will typically consist of help , information and support for people who are suffering from or know someone who is suffering from an eating disorder .
Type in " pro-anorexia " , or " pro-ana / pro-mia " , and a very different picture emerges .
With titles like Starving For Perfection , Anorexic Nation , 2 b - Thin and Totally in Control , pro-ana sites are the antithesis of self - help websites for recovering anorexics .
So much so that every site has a disclaimer on the front page :
This site does not encourage that you develop an eating disorder .
This is a site for those who ALREADY have an eating disorder and do not wish to go into recovery .
If you do not already have an eating disorder , better it is that you do not develop one now .
You may wish to leave .
( ana - by - choice.com )
**DiScLaImEr : ThIs iS a PrO - eD SiTe… iF yOu Do NoT hAvE aN eAtInG dIsOrDeR oR aRe YoU aRe In ReCoVeRy YoU sHoUlD NoT vIeW thIs sIte ….. i Am NoT ReSpOnSiBLe FoR yOuR aCtIoNs .. LeAvE iF yOu CaNt HaNdLe iT ***
( 2 b Thin )
Pro-ana sites are emphatically not for those who are in recovery , regard themselves as victims , or even regard themselves as ill .
They are targeted at those who " believe that the Ana way is the only way to live " , who feel that anorexia is the right lifestyle choice for them , and will allow them to achieve happiness and perfection .
Statistically , eating disorders are most common in young women ; sufferers are often portrayed as hapless victims of a ruthless consumer culture .
Victim is the key word here ; it is generally thought that nobody wants to be anorexic , that anorexia is a disease , and that sufferers want to get better .
Pro-ana sites turn these preconceptions on their heads .
One site goes so far as to distinguish " anorexics " from " rexies " , the idea being that if you identify yourself as an " anorexic " then the site is not for you :
" You may already know the difference between us rexies and anorexics !
If u want sympathy for your " disease " , you are anorexic .
If you want respect and admiration for your lifestyle of choice , you are a rexie .
Anorexics die .
Rexies do n't .
Have we understood the difference ?
This site is for us rexies , who are proud of our accomplishments , and the accomplishments that lie ahead .
we will never die . "
( Rexia - World )
The emphasis is moved from self - destruction to self - control ; in the words of one " rexie " , " A good ana does n't die " .
If you are using anorexia as a means of self - destruction then , according to these girls , you simply are n't doing it right .
Key ideas are strength , will , achievement , fulfilment ; eating disorders are portrayed as a means of achieving perfection and of forming an elite , a group of humans who have successfully " mastered " or " governed " their bodies .
Unsurprisingly , these claims to strength , independence and health fail to ring true when a small but significant minority of sites are left unattended because their controller is " having to take it easy for a bit " or " has gone into recovery " .
In one case , an online journal , message board and support group was being maintained from a hospital bed .
In light of this , the protestation " we will never die " sounds more like a cry of rebellion than a promise .
While a number of sites claim to subscribe to the view that good anorexics " do n't go too far " , some contain material that would suggest the opposite .
Almost all have a " thinspiration " picture gallery , displaying photographs of stick - thin models and ana beauty ideals .
Most feature Kate Moss at her thinnest and a decidedly emaciated Jodie Kidd as examples of " perfection " .
A significant minority go further , providing pictures of women in the last stages of anorexia , hollow - cheeked and utterly fleshless .
Pro-ana artwork is similarly varied .
One picture in particular , which appears on a number of sites , features a fairy - like , unearthly creature amid a mass of psychedelic blue swirls .
The caption reads :
" Infinity is so damn sweet
Your mortal earth cannot compete
Starving for the other shore
I will not eat !
Say it loud
& say it now
I 'm anorexic
& I'm proud . "
( ana 's underground grotto )
This kind of material renders the noisy preaching of the gospel of " empowerment " by the rexie - sisterhood crew a distasteful joke .
Pro-ana websites are a mass of contradictions ; with every supportive post on a bulletin board about the dangers of excessive purging ( " try washing your mouth out with bicarbonate of soda afterwards , it 'll protect your teeth from the acid in your puke " ) , there is another entitled " Please somebody help me " , " I really need to die " or " My parents are forcing me to go to hospital and I 'm scared I 'll get fat " .
Despite extensive media coverage , an air of mystery still hangs around pro-ana / pro-mia websites .
This is perhaps because the most basic questions about their existence are often ignored in favour of more sensational material .
The following questions and answers are an attempt to make sense of the wealth of contradictory material that is the web based pro-ana / pro-mia movement .
What does pro-ana / pro-mia mean ?
Pro-ana stands for pro-anorexia
Pro-mia stands for pro-bulimia .
" Pro " does not mean , " supports the promotion of " .
Most disclaimers contain something along the lines of " If you do not have an eating disorder then it is better for you if you do not develop one " , although the more hard - line sites often use challenging language , such as " If you ca n't handle it , leave " .
mean , " supports the promotion of " .
Most disclaimers contain something along the lines of " If you do not have an eating disorder then it is better for you if you do not develop one " , although the more hard - line sites often use challenging language , such as " If you ca n't handle it , leave " .
Pro-ana sites are for those who are already anorexics , who want to be " triggered " and are looking for advice , tips and support from fellow anorexics to help them become " better " anorexics .
anorexics , who to be " triggered " and are looking for advice , tips and support from fellow anorexics to help them become " better " anorexics .
" Pro-ana " symbolises the choice not to go into recovery ; if you are pro-ana then by definition you have chosen to live wholeheartedly as an anorexic , at least for the time being .
What is new about the message projected by pro-ana sites ?
The emphasis on superiority , empowerment and pride through self - control .
As one site puts it , in response to a number of complaints about its pro-ana content and picture gallery :
" The difference is that you lot moan about your fat thighs and then sit on the couch eating cookies .
We moan about our fat thighs and then go out for a lovely long run . "
The use of political language .
Many talk of anorexics as " the elite " , and present the anorexic lifestyle as a rejection of conventional , " weak " values .
Are militant pro-ana sites primarily concerned with self - harm ?
No .
Most pro-ana sites claim to be concerned with self - control and achievement , although some material suggests that this should be taken with a pinch of salt .
Pro-anas claim that most people want to be thinner , and that they are just making that wish a reality for themselves , rather than engaging in a form of self - harm .
Ultimately , anorexia will always be self - destructive ; whether it is recognised as such by the sufferer is another question .
Why do some anorexics visit pro-ana sites rather than seek help and support from their family , friends or doctor ?
Most of those who visit pro-ana sites do not want to go into recovery .
There are few other places where an anorexic could be honest about this without causing distress .
Pro-ana sites encourage pride and a sense of belonging to a community .
Some want to be " better anorexics " , to get thinner with the help of tips and support from fellow anorexics .
Some feel persecuted and misunderstood everywhere else for not wanting to go into recovery .
The websites also have a certain underground cachet .
They allow the anorexic to feel like a pro-active rebel rather than a walking disorder .
Are pro-ana sites being censored ?
Some servers , e.g. Yahoo , have simply stopped allowing certain sites to function in response to complaints and extensive media coverage on the issue of pro-ana .
While this has prevented further complaints about the servers , it has proved ineffective in its primary goal of getting rid of pro-ana material on the web .
Some sites now claim to be " diet sites " rather than pro-ana , yet contain the same material , tips and so on .
Pro-ana sites pose a problem for non-anorexics .
They especially pose a problem for those who care for someone with an eating disorder .
This is because they allow people with eating disorders to get together and support each other in their struggle to achieve their goals , not towards recovery but towards thinness , " perfection " , and " the perfect body " .
Knowledge of their existence entails a dilemma – is it ethically acceptable to allow sites which encourage unrealistic aspiration towards self - destructive goals to continue to function ?
We may as well censor the pages of the major fashion glossies , with their features on " How star x slimmed to x stone one month after the birth of her first child " , or " The latest diets to help you fight the flab " .
Fashion magazines will often provide advice on exercise and " healthy " eating alongside pictures of genuinely underweight models , many of who appear on the " thinspiration " sections of pro-ana websites .
To censor pro-ana sites in the face of this kind of material seems hypocritical , to say the least .
Yet the feeling that there is something " not quite right " , maybe even immoral , about their continued existence persists .
Contrary to popular misconception , volitional anorexics possess the most iron - cored , indomitable wills of all .
Our way is not that of the weak .
If we ever completely tapped that potential in our midst , and applied it to other areas outside eating habits and body sculpting , the fact is , we could change the world .
Completely .
Maybe even rule it .
Is THAT what they are so afraid of ?
. Could it simply be that those who wield their pathetic little naked - emperor reign so irresponsibly and selfishly do NOT want word getting out to " the masses " of how simple a matter it is to throw off their chains and exist self - directed ? "
( ana 's underground grotto )
This voice is articulate , strong , and most of all rebellious .
In borrowed political rhetoric , the anorexic 's impulse to control is inflated into a quality that could change the world .
It is fair to argue that the anorexic capacity for will power and self - control is truly remarkable .
If harnessed for different purposes , that capacity could arguably produce some impressive results .
However , it is unlikely that any anorexic , before recovery , would be capable of devoting the same level of time and attention to any area other than their own weight control .
The anorexic 's dedication and perfectionism is born of obsession , which is in itself a product of various highly complex factors , internal and external .
To interpret anorexia as a demonstration of nothing more than admirable self - control is to subscribe to the myth perpetuated by the pro-ana movement that anorexia is a display of strength , rather than illness .
The answer to the pro-ana challenge , " Is THAT what they are so afraid of ? " would have to be a resounding " NO " .
We are not scared that anorexics will take over the world .
We are not scared that their eating habits will expose the " pathetic little naked - emperor reign " of non-obsessional eating for what it " really is " .
What is scary is the way that pro-ana sites present themselves as having some kind of political content .
The pro-ana movement is its own cause celebre ; pro-ana websites portray anorexics as an oppressed minority , rather than a group of unwell young people .
To be anorexic is to subscribe to an alternative lifestyle , to reject standard values , to rebel against everything .
But what could be more conformist than to render yourself weak and helpless through self - denial , to reduce the very substance of yourself in pursuit of an externally imposed model of " perfection " ?
Anorexia could be described as pathological conformity ; as Naomi Wolf puts it in The Beauty Myth , " Dieting is the ultimate in being careful , and checking into a hunger camp offers the ultimate in care . "
To present eating disorders as counter - culture , rebellion through calorie counting , is a dangerous fallacy , as testimonies from recovering anorexics and those close to them would show .
Anorexia is not a lifestyle choice .
It is an illness .
The pro-ana claims to political minority status are disturbing and delusional .
That is not to suggest that anorexics , even pro-anorexics , should be deprived of a platform on which to communicate .
Censorship of pro-ana sites is inappropriate and ineffective , especially when the infinitely more disturbing material that can be found on the web – pro-handgun lobbies , cam girl sites , fascist propaganda – is considered .
What is worrying is not the existence of pro-ana sites , but the way that these sites present eating disorders as an alternative lifestyle choice , and encourage both those who suffer and those who do n't to subscribe to that myth .
The softer sites use the language of " girl - power " , the more militant sites use the language of Marx .
Both display the horrific irony of women rendering themselves weaker in the name of strength .
Perhaps a true challenge to pro-ana sites would be to explode the myth that dietary restrictions are the only fair measure of a person 's capacity for self - control .
If we continue to equate fat with laziness and thinness with strength and morality , even subconsciously , then the pro-ana movement cannot be blamed for effectively taking this train of thought to its logical conclusion .
As long as it is considered normal to speak of food in dualist terms – sinful , wicked , good , pure – then the quasi-religious philosophy of the pro-ana movement can be justified .
" I believe in a wholly black and white world , the losing of weight , recrimination for sins , the abnegation of the body and a life ever fasting . "
( Anorexic Nation )
We have hopefully developed beyond the time of fasting female saints , when self - starvation was lauded as a sign of religious purity .
We have no need , therefore , of the accompanying concept that thinness is a sign of personal rectitude .
Maybe this is why pro-ana sites are so very disturbing .
What they reveal is nothing new ; existing trains of thought about food are magnified by obsession , not newly invented .
Their philosophy is based on overblown versions of preconceptions that can be found in any glossy women 's magazine .
Pro-ana sites force us to confront these preconceptions by forcing them into our faces .
Why is eating only fruit for a week dangerous if it's a diet but ok if it 's a detox ?
Why is the Atkins diet a safe and healthy way to " slim up for summer " when it causes acne and constipation ?
We should be glad of the insights that pro-ana websites offer us into the anorexic psyche .
Not only do they allow non-sufferers a new perspective on eating disorders , but also they reveal some of the delusions and hypocrisies that underlie accepted attitudes towards food and dieting .
Perhaps it would be more constructive to tackle our own preconceptions about weight before publicly condemning pro-ana sites for their encouragement of delusional and dangerous aspirations .
Video :
Watch footage from the research team ’s expedition to get samples from the vents .
Deep - sea hydrothermal vents look like alien worlds , their landscapes and fauna unlike any on Earth .
Now a new study suggests that life works differently there too .
While studying the viruses that inhabit the scalding waters surrounding a vent in the Western Pacific , Eric Wommack noticed that a large proportion turned out to be docile tenants that lurk inside their bacterial hosts without causing much trouble .
Marine phages – the viruses that parasitise bacteria and archaea in the sea – tend to infect their hosts , divide and burst them like balloons .
“ We ’ve never see that before anywhere else we ’ve looked in the ocean , ” says Wommack , a microbiologist at the University of Delaware in Newark , who built a device that sinks to the ocean floor and , with the help of a remote submarine , ferries 120 - litre samples of water to a waiting boat .
Advertisement
Instead of hijacking bacteria to spawn offspring , these cell - splitting – or lysogenic – viruses insert their short genomes into the bacteria ’s own , endowing it with potentially useful genes .
Survival genes
“ Maybe the viruses that these bacteria are harbouring have genes that are aiding the bacteria in surviving in this harsh environment , ” Wommack says .
During times of stress , the phages awake and churn out copies of themselves .
During this awakening , viruses can mistakenly encapsulate bacterial genes and pass them onto new microbes .
For now , it ’s unclear what sorts of genes the hydrothermal vent viruses shuttle between hosts .
Of the 258 viral sequences Wommack ’s team recovered from a thermal vent 2,500 m below the ocean surface , about 800 km west of Costa Rica , only a quarter matched known gene sequences .
Hydrothermal vent viruses could offer bacteria genes that help them cope with high heat , which deforms proteins , Wommack explains .
Viruses could also help cells make a living by metabolising alternative sources of energy , such as sulphur , by shunting key metabolism genes from place to place .
To get a better handle on the lives of the viruses , Wommack plans to collect additional samples for further DNA sequencing .
His team will also sample viruses from another vent off the coast of Baja , Mexico to see if the docile life is common to other locations .
Curtis Suttle , an expert on marine viruses at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver , agrees that lysogenic marine viruses could transfer novel features to bacteria .
The bacteria that cause cholera , he notes , only causes disease when infected with a virus .
“ There ’s roughly Avogadro ’s number ( approx . 6 X 1023 ) of infections going on in the ocean , and every one of those interactions can result in the transfer of genetic information between virus and host , ” he says .
Journal reference : The ISME Journal ( DOI : 10.1038/ismej.2008.73 )
Evolution – Learn more about the struggle to survive in our comprehensive special report .
Genetics – Keep up with the pace in our continually updated special report .
Mysteries of the Deep Sea - The deep sea is one of the harshest habitats on Earth , but is home to many remarkable creatures .
Learn more in our comprehensive special report .
RICHMOND , Va. —
The Virginia Supreme Court declared the state ’s anti-spam law unconstitutional Friday and reversed the conviction of a man once considered one of the world ’s most prolific spammers .
The court unanimously agreed with Jeremy Jaynes ’ argument that the law violates the free - speech protections of the First Amendment because it does not just restrict commercial e-mails .
Most other states also have anti-spam laws , and there is a federal CAN - SPAM Act as well .
The Virginia law “ is unconstitutionally overbroad on its face because it prohibits the anonymous transmission of all unsolicited bulk e-mails , including those containing political , religious or other speech protected by the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution , ” Justice G. Steven Agee wrote .
In 2004 , Jaynes became the first person in the country to be convicted of a felony for sending unsolicited bulk e-mail .
Authorities claimed Jaynes sent up to 10 million e-mails a day from his home in Raleigh , N.C .
He was sentenced to nine years in prison .
Jaynes was charged in Virginia because the e-mails went through an AOL server there .
The state Supreme Court last February affirmed Jaynes ’ conviction on several grounds but later agreed , without explanation , to reconsider the First Amendment issue .
Jaynes was allowed to argue that the law unconstitutionally infringed on political and religious speech even though all his spam was commercial .
Jaynes ’ attorney , Thomas Wolf , has said sending commercial spam would still be illegal under the federal CAN - SPAM
Act even if Virginia ’s law is invalidated .
However , he said the federal law would not apply to Jaynes because it was adopted after he sent the e-mails that were the basis for the state charges .
Post by techknott » Sat Jun 28 , 2008 6:56 am
Yes I used an original xbox game as its all i had at the time .
Shoot me .
In fact I completely forgot i made this vid , so enjoy .
Hello everyone , first time poster , long time reader .
Very nice polite forum so I just had to register .
Anyway thought id share with you my project which I completed a couple of days ago .
Im rather pleased with it but could have probably done better .
Still needs a bit of a clean in places but works like a charm .
My story : I wanted to make a portable but did n't really fancy making something i could emulate on the psp .
Im a bit of a next gen freak so X360 or PS3 came to mind .
Bearing in mind that I never get to play on mine because the missus is the boss of the TV in our house , so , I came up with this .
Runs on 7.5v( 2x2600mAh ) and the whole thing sucks about 500 mA in total .
Full recharge circuit built in so you can charge while you play and has an indicator led for charging ( red ) and full charge ( green ) .
It has 4xLED modded backlight , is 1 " thick and is really solid and comfy .
Made entirely from brushed aluminium .
Wireless Visual InterfaceComments and critisisms are most welcome .[/img ]
Eight American bloggers detained in Beijing Reuters
Published : Thursday August 21 , 2008
Print This Email This By Ralph Jennings and Lindsay Beck
BEIJING ( Reuters ) -
At least eight American blogger - activists and several other foreigners have been detained in Beijing as the government intensifies a crackdown on pro-Tibetan protests in the home stretch of the Olympics , rights groups said on Wednesday .
Students for a Free Tibet earlier said authorities detained five self - styled " citizen journalists " who were in Beijing to promote Tibetan freedom on Tuesday .
The New York - based group said activist - artist James Powderly had also been nabbed .
Later on Wednesday , the group said four more protesters , including two Americans and a British national , were also detained after unfurling a Tibetan flag outside the National Stadium , or " Bird 's Nest . "
The Beijing Olympics have not been dogged by the widespread demonstrations that authorities had feared .
Several protesters advocating for Tibet independence have nonetheless managed to breach tight security , in one case hanging a " Free Tibet " banner outside the headquarters of the state broadcaster .
China is particularly sensitive to criticism of its rule in Tibet , the far - western region Communist troops entered in 1950 .
" In relation to foreigners holding demonstrations in Beijing in support of Tibet independence , competent authorities have the right to handle these things according to law , " Foreign Ministry spokesman Qin Gang told a news conference on Wednesday .
" I 'd also like to emphasize that in China , activities that support Tibet independence will be strongly condemned by the Chinese people and will not be welcomed . "
WEB SITES BLOCKED
The Committee to Protect Journalists said China had blocked more than 50 Web sites carrying news or advocating on behalf of pro-Tibetan groups , including the group 's site ( http://www.cpj.org), before the Games began , reneging on pre-Olympics promises of Internet freedoms .
A member of Students for a Free Tibet said the group had experienced cyberattacks aimed at making its U.S. Web site hard to use .
New York - based Human Rights in China says 24 protesters -- critics of the Communist Party and their family members -- were detained or put under watch before the Olympics opened .
Beijing resident Dong Jiqin said his wife Ni Yulan was jailed in April when authorities began clearing out activists and others they felt may draw media attention away from the Games .
" I cannot watch the Games , " Dong said from his cluttered apartment in the heart of the capital .
" I 'm afraid my wife is n't safe .
We think the Olympics should be held , but I am just not in the mood to watch it . "
In another case , petitioners Wu Dianyuan , 79 , and Wang Xiuying , 77 , were sentenced to one year of " re-education through labor " after repeatedly applying to demonstrate in areas set aside for protests during the Games , Human Rights in China said .
" In China , as in other countries , applications for demonstrations must go through legal procedures , " the Foreign Ministry 's Qin said when asked about the two petitioners .
None of dozens of applications to protest has been approved .
" They wanted to see us stuck in jail so the Olympics would look better , " Dong said .
( Additional reporting by Gary Crosse in New York )
The father of two children shot to death by Canadian troops in Afghanistan said Thursday he would " kill the Canadians " if he gets the chance .
Rozi Mohammed — who lives in the town of Chalaghor , southwest of Kandahar City — was interviewed by reporters about Sunday 's incident .
His daughter Mulkia , 5 , and son Thor Jan , 2 , died when Canadian troops opened fire on a car they feared was about to attack their convoy .
The military said the taxi did not slow down and ignored repeated signals to keep a safe distance away .
Mohammed gave a different account of events .
" I got in taxi with my wife , daughter and son .
The convoy was coming .
The taxi pulled out after the second vehicle passed and the third vehicle fired on us , " he said , speaking through an interpreter .
Reporters said Mohammed had not slept in days and was in a trance - like state when he was interviewed .
" I got injured .
I was unconscious , " he said .
" After some time I woke up and the Canadians were giving me treatment .
I got up and started to collect the body parts of my children . "
" If I ever get the chance , I will kill the Canadians , " Mohammed said .
He said his message to the Canadian government is that " they should avoid shooting innocent people . "
Mohammed described himself as a poor man who only had enough money to pay for the taxi ride to Kandahar and said Canadians should help him out .
: : : : : : : : : :
The news is slow in Europe today .
Or , more likely , I am so used to the daily dish of killing and get killed , starving and get starved and double - crossing and getting duped , I am by now too weary to write about that .
Today ’s round - up will bring us to Venezuela , Iran , Iraq and Berlin .
Let ’s start with The Independent .
Johann Hari points to one remark Ingrid Betancourt made , shortly after being freed .
Among the people she thanked for her liberation was – Hugo Chavez .
As Ingrid Betancourt emerged after six - and - a- half years – sunken and shrivelled but radiant with courage – one of the first people she thanked was Hugo Chavez .
What ?
If you follow the news coverage , you have been told that the Venezuelan President supports the Farc thugs who have been holding her hostage .
He paid them $ 300 m to keep killing and to buy uranium for a dirty bomb , in a rare break from dismantling democracy at home and dealing drugs .
So how can this moment of dissonance be explained ?
Yes : you have been lied to – about one of the most exciting and original experiments in economic redistribution and direct democracy anywhere on earth .
And the reason is crude : crude oil .
The ability of democracy and freedom to spread to poor countries may depend on whether we can unscramble these propaganda fictions .
( read more )
You will find in this story , if you care to read on , that 59 percent of Venzuelans are quite happy with their democracy .
Compare that to the US .
Look at The Guardian .
Simon Tisdall reminds us , that the focused propaganda we hear about Iran and their nuclear program leaves out many political developments in a very complex country :
Yet as often in the past , unfavourable estimations of Iranian intent fail to take into account the fierce , contradictory political forces at work in one of the world ’s least reported , least understood major countries .
As Iran ’s domestic problems including high unemployment , inflation and corruption intensify , and as next year ’s presidential election comes into contentious focus , battles for control and influence are raging on several fronts .
( read more )
One thing is for certain , any military strike against Iran will strengthen President Ahmadinejad .
People tend to rally behind their leadership in times of war .
Why should the Iranians ’ reaction be different to the 2004 Presidential election in the US ?
Even The Times deserves a closer look .
There must be a timetable for US withdrawal from Iraq !
Says who ?
Well , the Iraqi Prime Minister :
[ … ] the Shia prime minister who last week boasted he had crushed terrorism in Iraq , suggested it was time to start setting timelines .
“ The current trend is to reach an agreement on a memorandum of understanding either for the departure of the forces or a memorandum of understanding to put a timetable on their withdrawal , ” said Mr al - Maliki during a visit to the United Arab Emirates .
He rejected efforts by Mr Bush to hurry through an agreement on vital issues such as the immunity of US troops in Iraq and use of the country ’s airspace .
And , there ’s more .
Not only the major oil companies wo n’t have the free access to Iraqi oil , they have dreamed of , or were promised , there may not be immunity for US troops either :
Mahmoud Othman , an independent Kurdish MP , said the issue of immunity for US forces had become a particularly sensitive subject for Iraqis .
“ We have suffered so much from immunity .
Immunity equals committing crimes , that ’s what we have seen these five years .
… In the name of immunity they have killed people , committed crimes , they have their own prisons , they captured Iraqis .
We ca n’t continue like this , ” he said .
( read more )
I doubt this is what Bush , Cheney and their cronies had in mind when they brought democracy to Iraq .
The Iraqis doing a Chavez and keeping the good stuff for themselves .
Barack Obama will be in Germany on July 24th , it seems .
But will he speak at the Brandenburger Tor ?
Not likely , says Der Spiegel :
However , the source , who asked not to be named , was reserved about the prospects of Obama holding a speech before the Brandenburg Gate . ”
“ The Brandenburg Gate is the most famous and history - rich site in Germany , ” the Chancellery source said .
In the past , the location has only been used on very special occasions for political speeches by world leaders .
And it has been reserved for use only by elected American presidents , not candidates .
The decision on whether the Democrat can speak at the location ultimately lies with the Berlin state government .
Chancellery officials are concerned that the Brandenburg Gate could be turned into an “ arbitrary stage ” that other campaigns could also seek to use in the future .( read more )
Germans are huge fans of Barack Obama , they would overwhelmingly vote for him if they could .
Honestly , McCain is no match for him in our view .
We feel as much as Americans do , the need for politicians who are able to solve the problems of our modern age .
And we do feel Obama is the closest we can get there .
You can count on our continued interest .
Have a good start into another week .
Stay healthy and safe !
Efforts to protect the critically endangered North Atlantic right whale from being killed by ships are being blocked by Vice President Dick Cheney according to leaked documents .
A behind the scenes struggle is raging between the White House and US government scientists who want to force ships to slow down near the calving grounds of the almost extinct right whale .
The right whale controversy is the latest example of the Bush Administration sidestepping the advice of its on scientists which are aimed at protecting endangered species or threats to the environment .
On Monday , a judge had to order the administration to release its much - delayed decision aimed at protecting the polar bear under the Endangered Species Act .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Only 350 of the whales remain in Atlantic waters off America 's eastern seaboard and they are considered one of the most endangered species on Earth .
Government scientists warn that the loss of just one more pregnant female is enough to doom the species , which was almost hunted to extinction in the 19th century .
Every year around three right whales are either injured or killed in collisions with ocean - going vessels like containerized cargo ships even though they are protected under the Endangered Species Act .
Right whales frequently wash up on shore bearing deep scars from being struck by ships propellers .
To reduce ship strikes the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) decided that ships should restrict their speed to 10 knots or less near whale feeding and calving grounds during parts of the year .
But Mr Cheney 's office , which tends to operate in secrecy , sent letters repeatedly questioning whether the rule was needed according to leaked documents .
Flatly contradicting the scientific research Mr Cheney 's staff argued , " that we have no evidence that lowering the speeds of ' large ships ' will actually make a difference . "
A critique of the scientists analysis by the administration led to a strongly worded reply in which they said : " The basic facts remain that there is a direct relationship " between a vessel 's speed and the likelihood of death or serious injury to the whale , and " at vessel speeds at or below 10 knots , the probability of death / serious injury is greatly reduced . "
There was , the scientists wrote , " no basis to overturn our previous conclusion that imposing a speed limit on large vessels would be beneficial to whales . "
Congressman Henry Waxman who publicised the correspondence said it was " the latest instance of the White House ignoring scientists and other experts . "
A number of European shipping companies have strongly opposed the NOAA proposal , saying slowing their vessels will hurt the economy and cost the industry money .
But while the World Shipping Council wants to block the rule , but the largely US Chamber of Shipping of America is in favour and its director of maritime affairs , Kathy J. Metcalf has told the White House that " the economic impacts " of cutting shipping speeds " are well worth the benefits . "
The right whales migrate from the Gulf of Maine to warmer waters off Florida and Georgia to give birth .
The exhausted mothers , which have not eaten for weeks , then make their way slowly up the coast with their young , passing close by busy shipping ports off Georgia and Massachusetts .
Since NOAA scientists first tried to order ships to reduce speed , at least three right whales have died from ship strikes and propellers have wounded two .
Voluntary efforts to get ships to look out for whales known to be in their area have been a total failures , according to scientists who can log their progress by monitoring GPS satellite data .
Beth Allgood , of the International Fund for Animal Welfare , said the refusal by the White House to implement the new speed restrictions were " not a huge burden on industry ; it 's a huge burden on the whales . "
This release is available in Spanish .
A research group of the Departments of Applied Physics and Electromagnetism of the University of Granada ( Spain ) , directed by Professors Jorge Andrés Portí , Alfonso Salinas and Juan Antonio Morente , have taken a step forward with regard to one of mankind 's biggest dreams and challenges , often tackled by fiction writers and film makers : invisibility .
Scientists of the UGR have managed , by means of a numerical technique known as Transmission Line Matrix ( TLM )
Modelling method , to hide an object or make it invisible in a certain frequency , inside an electromagnetic simulator .
Such studies are the germ to achieve invisibility to radars and even to the human eye .
This relevant scientific work has been carried out in collaboration with researchers of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , and has been recently published in two papers in the prestigious journal Optics Express , the journal with a higher impact index of the Optics group in the Journal Citation Reports .
This research work is part of the doctoral thesis carried out by Cedric Blanchard , another researcher of the UGR who is finishing off his education in the United States .
According to the scientists of the University of Granada , the growing interest for electromagnetic invisibility has been partly driven , in the last years , by the existence of powerful computer resources that allow to carry out specific numerical studies of such phenomenon , avoiding the use of commercial software unadjusted to the new research works .
A new technique
This research work has developed a new condensed TLM node to model meta-materials and has managed to make invisible certain objects in conditions difficultly reachable when using commercial software .
The researchers have proposed a TLM simulation of hiding structures , composed of alternating isotropic layers , imitating an anisotropic frame .
They had previously implemented a new technique to simulate meta-materials with the TLM method .
" This new prospect - the authors of the project say - leaves the usual TLM process virtually untouched ; specifically , the delivery matrix is exactly the same used in classic environments , which provides a lot of flexibility when it comes to program " .
This way , this research has proved that it is possible to improve the effectiveness of hiding if the electromagnetic parameters of the frame are judiciously chosen .
###
Reference :
Prof. Jorge Andrés Portí Durán .
Department of Applied Physics of the University of Granada .
Phone number : +34 958 249 098 . E-mail : jporti@ugr.es
Prof. Juan Antonio Morente Chiquero .
Department of Applied Physics of the University of Granada .
Phone number : +34 958 243 229. E-mail : jmorente@ugr.es
Accessible on Science News - UGR
Versión española
Version française
New technology is being used to obtain images of planets around other stars .
One day we may be able to detect signs of plate tectonics on these distant worlds .
Astronomers have taken what may the first picture of a planetorbiting a star similar to the sun .
This distant world is giant ( about eight times the mass ofJupiter ) and lies far out from its star ( about 330 times the Earth - Sun distance ) .
But for all the planet 's strangeness , its star is quite like our own sun .
Previously , the only photographedextrasolar planets have belonged to tiny , dim stars known as brown dwarfs .
Andwhile hundredsof exoplanets have been detected by noting their gravitational tug on theirparent stars , it is rare to find one large enough to image directly .
" This is the first time we have directly seen aplanetary mass object in a likely orbit around a star like our sun , " saidDavid Lafreni?re , an astronomer at the University of Toronto who led the teamthat discovered the star .
" If we confirm that this object is indeedgravitationally tied to the star , it will be a major step forward . "
Further study will be needed to prove that the planet is infact orbiting around the star , as opposed to the possibility , however unlikely , that the two objects just happen to lie in the same area of the sky at roughlythe same distance from us .
" Of course it would be premature to say that the objectis definitely orbiting this star , but the evidence is extremelycompelling , " Lafreni ?re said .
" This will be a very intensely studiedobject for the next few years ! "
The researchers used the Gemini North telescope on Mauna Kea in Hawaii to glimpse the planet and its star , 1RXS J160929.1-210524 , which liesabout 500 light - years from Earth .
Though the star has about 85 percent the massof the sun , it is younger than our star .
In order to image the far - flungsystem , the team utilized adaptive optics technology , which uses flexiblemirrors to offset the distortion light suffers as it passes through Earth ' satmosphere .
The strange planet so far from its parent star is unexpectedbased on current theories of star and planet formation .
For comparison , thefarthest planet in our solar system , Neptune , lies only 30 times the Earth - sundistance away from the sun .
" This discovery is yet another reminder of the trulyremarkable diversity of worlds out there , and it's a strong hint that naturemay have more than one mechanism for producing planetary mass companions tonormal stars , " said team member Ray Jayawardhana , also of the University of Toronto .
The distant exoplanet , at about 1,800 Kelvin ( about 1,500 ? C ) , is also much hotter than our own Jupiter , which has a temperature of about 160 Kelvin ( - 110 ? C ) .
The team discovered the new planet as part a survey of morethan 85 stars in the Upper Scorpius association , a group of young stars formedabout 5 million years ago .
The researchers have detailed the study in apaper submitted to the Astrophysical Journal Letters and also postedonline .
" This discovery certainly has us looking forward towhat othersurprises nature has in stock for us , " said University of Toronto team member Marten van Kerkwijk .
Pale specks on the surface of this meteorite are among the oldest minerals in the solar system .
An odd mix of oxygen atoms within these minerals has puzzled scientists for decades .
Credit : Susan Brown
A strange mix of oxygen found in a stony meteorite that exploded over Pueblito de Allende , Mexico nearly 40 years ago has puzzled scientists ever since .
Small flecks of minerals lodged in the stone and thought to date from the beginning of the solar system have a pattern of oxygen types , or isotopes , that differs from those found in all known planetary rocks , including those from Earth , its Moon and meteorites from Mars .
Now scientists from UC San Diego and Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory have eliminated one model proposed to explain the anomaly : the idea that light from the early Sun could have shifted the balance of oxygen isotopes in molecules that formed after it turned on .
When they beamed light through carbon monoxide gas to form carbon dioxide , the balance of oxygen isotopes in the new molecules failed to shift in ways predicted by the model they report in the September 5 issue of Science .
" It 's solar system forensics .
We 're understanding a little about how it got made , " said Mark Thiemens , Dean of the Division of Physical Sciences and a professor of chemistry and biochemistry at UC San Diego , who directed the project .
The results pare down the potential explanations for how gas and dust coalesced to form the planets and will help this team and others interpret samples of the solar wind returned by NASA 's Genesis spacecraft .
Atomic Shield
This is how gases became dust and then larger minerals that collided and continued to build to form the planets .
Oxygen , the most abundant element in the solar system , is a player in almost all of these reactions .
Each oxygen isotope responds to a unique set of light wavelengths .
An abundance of a particular oxygen isotope within in a cloud of gas molecules will quench the light at its preferred wavelengths , shielding gas molecules farther along the light 's path .
Other wavelengths , including those that dislodge different oxygen isotopes , will continue unimpeded , favoring the inclusion of these rarer isotopes in new molecules .
The balance of oxygen isotopes found in the Allende meteorite is tipped toward the most abundant one , 16O .
Planetary rocks have relatively more rarer heavier oxygen isotopes , as though rare isotopes were preferred as the planets formed .
Photo Effect
" We decided to directly test this idea that photoshielding could change the isotope ratios , " said Subrata Chakraborty , a postdoctoral fellow at UC San Diego and first author of the paper .
The team focused an intense beam of far - ultraviolet light generated by the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory 's Advanced Light Source into a tube filled with carbon monoxide gas .
The light knocked some of the oxygen atoms free , allowing them to recombine with other carbon monoxide molecules to form carbon dioxide .
Chakraborty then collected and analyzed the carbon dioxide to determine the balance of oxygen isotopes in the new molecules .
By precisely controlling the wavelength of the light , the scientists were able to set up conditions that should have resulted in oxygen isotope mixes that matched either those found on Earth or in the Allende meteorite .
Wavelengths known to be absorbed by 16O should result in carbon dioxide molecules enriched with the heavier forms of oxygen .
They tested two of these wavelengths : one enriched the mix ; the other did not .
Wavelengths not absorbed by 16O should result in a mix that matched that found in the Allende meteorite .
Again , of the two the team tested , one did and one did not .
" Some process is altering the mix , but it can't be photoshielding , " Chakraborty said .
Original Mix
Several other models have been proposed to explain the anomaly -- including the idea that an exploding star could have blasted in an extra dose of 16O - - only to have been discarded when experimental evidence showed them to be unlikely .
The only one left standing , according to Thiemens , is an idea called molecular symmetry that says an atom flanked by two oxygen isotopes is more likely to become a stable molecule if the two isotopes are mismatched .
This quieter process would also favor the formation of molecules that included rarer oxygen isotopes .
" There 's no violence , " Thiemens said .
" It does n't require a star blowing up or turning on to cast a nebula - wide shadow .
It 's symmetry . "
Source : University of California - San Diego
Explore further Understanding ghost particle interactions
Judiciary Committee Says Former Ohio SoS May Actually Show Up This Time After Previous Snubs
GOP Vote Suppressors Called , But No Witnesses On E-Voting or Student Voting Concerns in ' Final ' Election Hearing Before ' 08 , Notes Activist ...
Brad Friedman Byon 7/22/2008 , 5:57 pm PT
The U.S. House Judiciary Committee 's subcommittee on the Constitution , Civil Rights , and Civil Liberties will be holding a hearing this Thursday on " Lessons Learned from the 2004 Presidential Election . "
Though no press release has yet been sent out by the Committee , and the link to the hearing 's page at the Judiciary website is currently broken , The BRAD BLOG has both good news and bad news to report here .
The good news : Ohio 's former Sec. of State J. Kenneth Blackwell has been invited to testify and has confirmed that he will actually show up this time , according to several Judiciary sources .
Blackwell had previously snubbed the committee 's earlier invitation to testify back in February about the myriad crimes that were committed on and by his watch in the 2004 Presidential Election .
Following his last refusal to appear --- when he responded to the committee claiming " my schedule will not permit me to attend the hearings " --- Judiciary Committee spokesperson Jonathon Godfrey hinted that a subpoena might be forthcoming if Blackwell continued to refuse to appear .
This time , at least as of today , it looks like he 's coming , according to confirmation by Godfrey this afternoon .
Thus guaranteeing what should be a very lively hearing .
More good news : Shameless GOP " voter fraud " zealot and disgraced former FEC chair Hans Von Spakovsky will also be appearing .
By invitation of the Republicans on the committee , amusingly enough .
What were they thinking in inviting this embarrassment ?
Beats us , but we 're happy to hear he 'll be back on the Congressional hot seat .
Thanks Repubs !
And then there 's the bad news ...
The rest of the witness list has some enormous holes in it , particularly when it comes to the issues that will be of greatest concern this November .
Moreover , sources tell
The BRAD BLOG that , given a busy legislative schedule , this may well be the final hearing on elections in the committee prior to November .
Matthew Segal , Executive Director of the Student Association for Voter Empowerment ( SAVE ) , told The BRAD BLOG this afternoon that he was disappointed that nobody seemed to be invited to this perhaps final hearing prior to the '08 election to speak on either e-voting or youth voting issues .
" There is no one on electronic voting , no one on student voter access , and , basically , no one from any groups or organizations that really represent any grass roots constituencies , " he told us in a phone call today .
Rounding out the witness list will be election law and voting rights professor Daniel Tokaji of Ohio State 's Moritz College of Law and the Baltimore School of Law's Gilda Daniels , formerly an attorney at both the DoJ 's Civil Rights Division , Voting Section , and at the Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights .
Both were invited by the Democrats on the committee .
In addition to von Spakovsky , the Republicans have scheduled campaign finance and lobbying attorney , GOP " strategist " Cleta Mitchell ( watch her get spanked madly by our friend Cliff Schecter during an appearance on MSBNC just prior to the 2006 election , wherein Mitchell attempted to downplay the myriad GOP scandals , such as Mark Foley's , as little more than " politically motivated " ) .
Sadly , as Segal noted , there will be nobody to discuss the fact that it 's strictly impossible to know if any vote ever cast on a touch - screen ( DRE ) voting machine --- in the past or in the future --- has been recorded accurately , as per the voter 's intent .
There will be nobody to discuss the fact that even paper ballots , counted by electronic systems , cannot be presumed to have been accurately tabulated , since optical - scan systems are prone to failure , easily hacked , and almost never verified as actually able to count ballots as they were cast .
Moreover , despite thousands , even millions , of students in Ohio and elsewhere being tossed off of voting rolls , denied the right to vote where they go to school , and required to wait in line until 2 am to cast a vote back in 2004 --- as Segal can testify firsthand , based on his experience at Kenyon College in Ohio in ' 04 --- there will again be nobody to represent the concerns about the Youth Vote , even in a year when student turnout will be so critical to Democrats .
Finally , if , in fact , this proves to be the last election - related hearing in Judiciary prior to November , that means the GOP / White House / Rove top - dog , go - to voter suppression / vote - caging attorney / snake - oil salesman Mark F. " Thor " Hearne , will never have been held accountable for his years of " voter fraud " propaganda since 2004 --- despite the mountains of material we 've reported on him for the past four years --- nor will he have to answer to exactly who supplied the nearly $ 1 million he received to run his " non-partisan , " tax - exempt , American Center for Voting Rights ( ACVR ) anti-democracy scam .
Well , I ’m about 1/2 done with adding multi-players to Galcon - iphone .
I figured I ’d stop for five minutes and note down some things I noticed during my porting experience .
Obviously , C and python are different , but here are a few of the ways I ’ve FELT the difference .
C does n’t have garbage collection .
I ’ve managed to avoid doing much manual GC by having everything in a single big struct that keeps the entire state .
The only place I use malloc / free is when I ’m downloading web data .
So it has n’t been a big deal for this project .
Speaking of web data , C does n’t have a built in urllib .
I wrote my own awful HTTP 1.0 page fetcher .
On the plus side , I was able to make it work * exactly * how I wanted it .
No threads , non-blocking 🙂
Although not “ built in ” I found enet , which was a thin layer above UDP for networking .
I found this incredibly much easier to use than python sockets were .
( Yes , I could have used some other python lib , but I did n’t . )
C is really fast .
Thankfully , since I originally dev’d Galcon in python , I was “ forced ” to get my algorithms pretty good to keep the speed reasonable .
By porting everything to C , I ’ve now got amazing speed .
I think I could host 100 + servers on a single CPU easily .
Managing strings in C is an ordeal .
It ’s just not pretty , so I try to avoid doing much with them .
OpenGL seems pretty painless in C . I have n’t done any notable OpenGL stuff in python , so I ca n’t really compare the two .
No exception handling makes me have to code things more carefully .
In python , I could parse an incoming networking packet , and just wrap it in a “ try : ( parse stuff ) except : pass ” block .
If something was bad about the packet , it would just move on .
In C , I have to check everything carefully so that I do n’t create some kind of segfault by accident .
In my case , serializing data is easy in C . I can just save a structure to a file ( or send it in a net packet ) and load it back later .
In python this is much more complicated .
( Especially since Galcon - shareware is n’t pure - python . )
By using C , I do n’t have to deal with some awful FFI .
That is a HUGE time - saver .
I must admit , I LOVE python ’s indents .
But I also must admit , now that I ’m back into C coding , I do n’t miss them as much as I thought I would .
I still dislike header files .
I wish C magically generated them or something instead of making me write them .
I learned about writing tests in python .
I ’m doing that in C for my networking code .
I run the tests as part of my build process , and it saves loads of time by catching all the bugs for me 🙂
Automatic type checking is sort of nice .
Having the compiler tell me I did n’t do anything incredibly stupid is sort of nice .
( Although in some cases , it can get a bit annoying . )
Well , that ’s about all I can think of for now .
Draw your own conclusions .
Coffee grounds can be an excellent addition to a compost pile .
The grounds are relatively rich in nitrogen , providing bacteria the energy they need to turn organic matter into compost .
About 2 percent nitrogen by volume , used coffee grounds can be a safe substitute for nitrogen - rich manure in the compost pile , explained Cindy Wise , coordinator of the compost specialist program at the Lane County office of the Oregon State University Extension Service .
" A lot of people do n't want to use manure because of concerns about pathogens , " said Wise .
Contrary to popular belief , coffee grounds are not acidic .
After brewing , the grounds are close to pH neutral , between 6.5 and 6.8 .
The acid in the beans is mostly water - soluble , so it leaches into the coffee we drink .
Since 2001 , Wise has trained and coordinated OSU compost specialist volunteers .
They have collected and composted nearly 200 tons of coffee grounds from 13 coffee shops and kiosks in Eugene , Springfield , Florence , Cottage Grove and Veneta .
That 's the equivalent of about 25 large dump trucks full of coffee grounds .
Lane County alone is estimated to generate a million pounds of used coffee grounds per year , said Wise .
advertisement
" Recycling this valuable soil amendment and compost ingredient makes sense both economically and environmentally , " she said .
Wise is encouraging gardeners and those that compost in other communities to arrange to collect coffee shop grounds for composting .
But be sure to make prior arrangements with a coffee shop to collect grounds .
Then , take a clean five - gallon bucket with a lid , label it with your name and telephone number on the bucket and lid and leave it at the shop and then pick it up at the shop 's convenience .
Here are some suggestions for using composted grounds in the yard and garden from the OSU Extension compost specialists :
Mix grounds into soil as an amendment .
Make sure to keep them damp .
Add some nitrogen fertilizer if you do this , as coffee grounds encourage the growth of microbes in the soil , which use up nitrogen .
While microbes are breaking down the grounds , the nitrogen will provide a source of nutrients for your plants .
Spread grounds on the soil surface , then cover them with leaves or bark mulch .
advertisement
Add grounds to your compost pile , layering one part leaves to one part fresh grass clippings to one part coffee grounds , by volume .
Turn once a week .
This will be ready in three to six months .
Or , put them in an existing unturned pile .
Just make sure to add a high carbon source , such as leaves to balance it .
Grounds may be stored for future use .
They may develop molds but these appear to be consumed during the composting process .
Or a large plastic bag works for storage as well .
Paper coffee filters may be composted with the grounds .
Keep in mind that uncomposted coffee grounds are NOT a nitrogen fertilizer .
Coffee grounds have a carbon - to - nitrogen ration of about 20 to 1 , in the same range as animal manure .
Germination tests in Eugene showed that uncomposted coffee grounds , added to soil as about one - fourth the volume , showed poor germination and stunted growth in lettuce seed .
Therefore , they need to be composted before using near plants .
Wise and her composting protégés have been conducting informal research on composting coffee grounds .
So far , they have observed that coffee grounds help to sustain high temperatures in compost piles .
High temperatures reduce potentially dangerous pathogens and kill seeds from weeds and vegetables that were added to the piles .
They have noticed that coffee grounds seem to improve soil structure , plus attract earthworms .
When coffee grounds made up 25 percent of the volume of their compost piles , temperatures in the piles stayed between 135 degrees and 155 degrees for at least two weeks , enough time to have killed a " significant portion " of the pathogens and seeds .
In contrast , the manure in the trials did n't sustain the heat as long ..
" We were amazed at the results we got with coffee grounds when we did the trial , " said Wise .
Jack Hannigan , an Extension - trained compost specialist , is pleased with the results he gets from the coffee grounds he collects from the Fast Lane Coffee Company in Springfield to use on his farm in Pleasant Hill .
" I make hotbeds that run about 150 degrees , " Hannigan said .
" It kills the weeds .
I can get the piles hotter and break down the compost better with coffee grounds than I can with manure .
It works great . "
Coffee grounds also can be added directly to soil but the grounds need a few months to break down , Wise said .
" We 're not certain about how coffee grounds act with the soil , but anecdotally people say they do dig it into the soil , " she said .
An additional benefit of diverting coffee grounds from the landfill is that it helps cut greenhouse gas emissions , said Dan Hurley , waste management engineer for Lane County 's Short Mountain Landfill .
" To keep organics out of the landfill is a good thing for reducing greenhouse gas emissions because organics decompose and produce methane .
Methane is about 25 times as bad as carbon dioxide , a greenhouse gas , " said Hurley .
Recycling coffee shop grounds also fosters interactions between community residents and local businesses .
The coffee grounds stay in their communities , meaning that fuel is n't being used to truck them from far - flung areas of the county to landfills
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE : September 15 , 2008
CONTACT : Josh Dorner , 202.675.2384
Hurricane Ike Stokes Gas Price Gouging Fears
John McCain Sided with Bush , Big Oil to Oppose
Price Gouging Protections for Consumers
Washington , D.C. — Despite falling oil prices , gas prices have jumped in the wake of Hurricane Ike .
As many Texas refineries remain shutdown , gasoline prices on the spot market have jumped more than $ 1.50 a gallon and worries about price gouging along the Gulf Coast and in other areas have emerged .
Yet , even after the serious problems following Hurricane Katrina in 2005 , John McCain voted AGAINST protecting consumers from price gouging during energy emergencies .
And just this summer as gas prices skyrocketed , John McCain continued to oppose legislation that included price gouging provisions .
It comes as no surprise that McCain would join President Bush and Big Oil in opposing these measures .
He 's also filled his campaign with lobbyists who 've been paid millions of dollars by Big Oil and its front group , the American Petroleum Institute , to oppose protections for consumers , block clean energy , and stop efforts to repeal billions in government giveaways to the oil industry .
Statement of Cathy Duvall , Sierra Club National Political Director
" Just two months after the turmoil and dramatic spike in gas prices caused by Hurricane Katrina , John McCain voted against protecting consumers from price gouging during energy emergencies .
If that was n't outrageous enough , when gas prices skyrocketed this summer , John McCain sided with Big Oil and Wall Street speculators by opposing legislation that would 've protected consumers and cracked downed on the rampant speculation that independent experts now blame for the run up in oil prices .
This is just one more troubling example of McCain siding with President Bush and Big Oil instead of American consumers .
" It should come as no surprise that John McCain sides with Big Oil on this issue and so many more .
John McCain and the Republican National Committee have received millions in campaign cash from Big Oil and the lobbyists running his campaign and planning his administration have been paid millions by the oil industry in order to oppose price gouging protections , clean energy legislation , and other measures to free us from Big Oil 's chokehold .
" John McCain should be ashamed of himself for promoting billions in government giveaways to Big Oil while voting against protecting consumers from price gouging at the pump .
John McCain : right for price - gougers , wrong for America . "
John McCain voted AGAINST protecting consumers from price gouging during energy emergencies .
( 2005 Roll Call Vote # 334 )
protecting consumers from price gouging during energy emergencies .
( 2005 Roll Call Vote # 334 ) John McCain strongly OPPOSES a bill that would protect consumers from price gouging , crack down on speculators , repeal billions in government giveaways to Big Oil , and invest in renewable energy ( S.2991 , Consumer - First Act ) .
a bill that would protect consumers from price gouging , crack down on speculators , repeal billions in government giveaways to Big Oil , and invest in renewable energy ( S.2991 , Consumer - First Act ) .
John McCain 's campaign is full of more than two - dozen Big Oil lobbyists , chief among them Nancy Pfotenhauer ( Sr. Advisor ) , Wayne Berman ( Finance Co-Chair ) , John Green ( Capitol Hill liaison ) , and William Timmons ( leader of the transition team ) .
Berman and Green both were lobbyists for Chevron , Hess , and the American Petroleum Institute .
They both specifically lobbied against the Price Gouging Prevention Act.
Senate records show that from 2002 - 08 , Berman brought in $ 1.1 million from API and Green brought in an additional $ 1.4 million .
# # #
During the last few years of real estate boom the prices were rising like fanatical and mortgage finance was simple to come by .
However , things are now started to cool off so most banks and financial institutions have stiffened their mortgage lending practices .
Most significant , interest rates are rising very slowly for a last few months .
This might actually not look like a real deal if you are new in the practice of house buying industry .
But on a big home finance even a tiny interest rate boost could create a very huge difference to the payment you make .
In usual cases the interest rate could further make the disparity among being established or discarded for a home mortgage proposal .
That is because with the intention of qualifying for a home mortgages your capability to pay for the payment is one of the most vital criterions for getting sanction .
And any higher interest rate might simply put the imbursement impractical .
Here the best option is to get in touch with experienced and trained mortgage broker who has qualified Certificate in Mortgage Advice training .
No matter what you do , do n’t just begin making home mortgage choices until you link up with somebody who has a great experience in the field of mortgage .
Find a mortgage advisor who has dear knowledge of present real estate and home mortgage states and further also has entrée to many required alternatives .
This would more often than not be your welcoming area banker .
Banks effort with their own services and are not paying attention in making you conscious of other available products , which might offer a superior deal to you .
Read
If you carry a good quality credit rating you will almost certainly get a superior deal than the one your bank is set to offer .
Alternatively , if you carry negative credit problems or require some resourceful suggestions , you would almost certainly not get them at least from the bank .
They desire you to be conventional to their needs and rules .
So actually the time you must use a bank is only when you are not worried with receiving a superior deal .
The best option is to locate a home mortgage advisor who understands the market in and out and who also carry access to several alternative solutions from many alternate sources .
There may not be peanuts and pretzels anymore on airplanes , but someday there may be algae oil .
Solazyme - a South San Francisco startup focused on producing oil from algae - said Tuesday that it had produced the world 's first algal - derived jet fuel .
Company officials said that their algae - based fuel had been tested by one of the nation 's leading fuel analysis laboratories and had passed eleven tests necessary for use in aviation .
" This is not like conventional biodiesel , where you can take french fry grease from McDonald 's and turn it into oil in your garage , " said Harrison Dillon , president and co-founder of the 50 - person company .
" Planes will fall out of the sky if you do n't have a high - quality fuel that meets strict standards .
...
What Solazyme has done is demonstrate the first - ever manufacture of high - quality jet fuel from algae . "
Solazyme has been experimenting with different strains of algae since 2003 in an effort to develop renewable alternatives to petroleum for use in transportation , cosmetics , cooking and manufacturing .
The company genetically modifies algae from around the world to consume a wide range of feedstocks , such as wood chips , switchgrass and sawdust .
When the algae consume more of these substances than they immediately need , they produce oil as an energy storage mechanism .
Last winter , Solazyme produced fuel that powered a Mercedes diesel car around the Sundance Film Festival .
Its initial output of jet fuel was a modest 5 to 10 gallons - just enough for lab testing .
But Dillon said that the potential output will only be limited by the availability of feedstock .
" You wo n't replace 100 percent of fuel with biofuel for a long time , but this is not something that is going to top out at half a percent of all jet fuel , " he said .
" It 's got a lot of potential . "
Dillon predicted that Solazyme will be able to bring production costs down to a point where its fuel will be competitive with $ 40 - to $ 80 - per - barrel oil in two or three years .
Before then , though , there is a lot more testing to do .
So visitors to this year 's Sundance Film Festival are not likely to be able to fly there in an algae - fueled plane .
" There is a pretty stringent process for bringing new jet fuels to market , " said Dillon .
" I can't give you an exact date when we are going to fly a plane on this stuff , but we are in active conversations with oil companies as well as aviation companies . "
No peanuts and pretzels , and no algae oil - yet .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
More than 200 people have gathered outside the US embassy in Zimbabwe seeking refuge or assistance .
Many of them are carrying small bundles of possessions and say they were displaced in electoral violence .
" We are working with international organisations and local partners to look for safe places to take them , " an embassy spokesman told Reuters .
On Wednesday , Zimbabwe 's opposition leader rejected talks on a government of unity , saying the violence must end .
Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) leader Morgan Tsvangirai pulled out of last Friday 's presidential run-off , which President Robert Mugabe won unopposed , citing state - sponsored political violence .
House burned
Zimbabwean journalist Brian Hungwe says those gathered outside the embassy in the capital , Harare , say they have nowhere else to go .
He says they have not been let inside the embassy grounds .
One man said his house was burned down in Mtoko , north - east of Harare , after the first - round vote .
After he left hospital he took refuge at the MDC 's headquarters in Harare , but was evicted by police last week .
Since last Friday 's run-off , the MDC says nine of its supporters have been murdered , hundreds more beaten and forced to leave their homes .
Almost 100 people have been killed and 200,000 left homeless since the MDC won the March vote , the opposition says .
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
Google co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin , along with Google ’s energy gurus Dan Reicher and Bill Weihl , have so far served as the search giant ’s most outspoken representatives of its plans to create new energy solutions .
But at a dinner for the Corporate EcoForum on Monday night , Google CEO Eric Schmidt outlined a plan to wean the U.S. off of foreign oil , fight climate change and create green jobs .
And Schmidt took direct aim at world leaders , contending : “ We have a total failure of political leadership , at least in the U.S. , and perhaps the world . ”
In his speech , Schmidt called for 100 percent of U.S. power generation to come from green power in about 20 years , as well as the replacement of half of the nation ’s traditional cars with plug - in hybrids .
Cleaning up the power grid would lead to the creation of 500,000 jobs in wind alone , Schmidt claimed ; his plan would also allegedly reduce emissions by half .
Schmidt also spoke at length about the antiquated power grid : “ We ’ve got to solve the grid problem , ” he said , noting that 9 percent of efficiency is lost in the current architecture .
And like most infotech titans , he called for integrating technologies borne out of the Internet revolution to the grid ; sophisticated routing , switching and networking technologies did n’t yet exist when the grid was built .
The opportunity to remake the grid is not unlike the opportunities of the Internet and the PC , he said .
Schmidt was most passionate , however , when he chided political leadership for a failure to act .
There is a lack of understanding about how technology can change the dialogue , he said .
The government is about to pass a massive stimulus package , so instead of randomly handing out cash to the all the usual suspects , “ Why not retool the energy infrastructure in the U.S ? ”
When we asked Schmidt if , given his concern over a lack of leadership , he was looking to either of the presidential candidates ’ energy solutions as a better option , he declined to back one candidate over the other .
He said simply that he would urge politicians to stop looking at the near - term energy options and look instead at the bigger energy picture .
Schmidt ’s speech reminded us of a more business - savvy amalgamation of the calls for action put out by former Vice - President Al Gore and former Intel ( s intl ) Chairman Andy Grove .
Gore has called for 100 percent of electricity to come from clean power , but in a decade — roughly half the timeline that Schmidt laid out .
But Gore in that latest speech , did n’t really address the issue of transportation .
Grove , meanwhile , has called for 10 million plug - in hybrid electric vehicles on the roads in four years — somewhat different than Schmidt ’s vision — but has been similarly vocal about the need to recreate the PC - and Internet - type revolutions for energy , noting , in particular , that the aftermarket for plug - in conversions is not unlike that of PC hobbyists back in the day .
Schmidt distinguished himself from those two by urging corporate America to view energy efficiency as an opportunity to reduce costs and increase return on investment .
Google has create a scorecard to help boost energy efficiency , particularly in buildings — it was easy to do and saved the company money , he stressed .
So far Google has been by far the most committed company in the Internet sector to investing in renewable energy , energy efficiency and green transportation .
The search engine giant has committed to hundreds of millions of dollars for research and investment into clean power , including recent investments in wind , enhanced geothermal and plug - in vehicle startups .
Google has even recently patented a floating wave - powered data center as a way to both get data centers closer to users while utilizing clean power .
Schmidt said he thought putting data centers on floating barges was a clever idea , adding with a shrug , “ You never know . ”
More
»
School 's president reacts to incident
» Minority students upset with effigy
» Archive : Reed College incident
» Student Republicans condemn effigy hanging
»
Students react to attention
»
Photo gallery
NEWBERG -- Students and campus leaders at George Fox University denounced the hanging of a life - size cardboard cutout of U.S. Sen .
Barack Obama on campus , vowing to work together to fight racism and intolerance .
A custodial crew at the 3,355 - student Christian university found the Obama likeness hanging by fishing wire from a tree at 7 a.m.
Tuesday and tore it down before students arrived for classes .
A sign taped to the cutout said , " Act Six reject , " referring to a scholarship program for Portland students , many of whom are minorities .
President Robin Baker , standing with dozens of Act Six students and student leaders in front of a packed auditorium Wednesday morning , urged students to show the incident has no place in Christian ideals .
" We absolutely cannot hate those around us and say we love God , " he said .
" It is not possible .
" Yesterday was not a good example of what it means to follow Jesus , " he said .
Quoting the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. and Abraham Lincoln , Baker said the university has long had difficulties recruiting students of color , and his dream has been to help create a university that " more broadly represents the kingdom of God . "
Students said they were shocked and angry when they learned of the stunt in an e-mail Wednesday morning .
They said the incident was isolated and did not reflect the beliefs of students on the predominantly white campus .
" Obviously , it 's not something you 'd expect for a Christian campus , " said Jared Rogers , a 21 - year - old senior .
" To me , it 's completely inappropriate and ridiculous . "
Baker said the incident was a blow to efforts over the past several years to recruit more diverse students by developing relationships with minority groups in Portland .
This fall , 25 percent of the 390 freshmen are students of color , up from 16 percent in 2005 .
The Act Six program , which started last year , provides full scholarships each year to as many as 10 students chosen for their leadership potential from Portland high schools .
" The reason we had n't been successful at recruitment in the past is there was n't a relationship , " Baker said after his speech .
" Those communities need to trust you , so this one incident could mess up our entire trust network . "
The Obama image at George Fox is the third publicized incident on Oregon college campuses in the past year involving racist images hanging from trees .
At Oregon State University in Corvallis last fall , a noose was left hanging from a tree after a fraternity Halloween party .
And at Reed College in Portland , a Halloween display last year included dummies , supposed to represent ghosts , hanging by nooses from trees on campus .
In both incidents , students said they did n't intend the images to be racist .
At George Fox , Baker said he did n't know how to interpret the political connection to Obama .
" We just thought it was a student making a comment about our efforts to recruit . "
But the tone of the display brought underlying political and racial conflicts to the surface in a historic election involving the first African American presidential candidate from a major party .
University leaders are planning a series of forums for students to discuss the issue .
The campus has a Republican student group but not an organized group of campus Democrats .
John Archibald , chairman of the College Republicans , said in a statement that forming a Democratic group should be pursued " now more than ever . "
" What happened on campus this week is disheartening to American politics , " he said .
" Regardless of your politics , this act of hate cannot be tolerated . "
Katlyn Search , a 21 - year - old senior from Battle Ground , Wash. , who works as a custodian to help pay for college , said she was on the crew that found the cutout .
They took it down immediately , wanting to remove it before classes started at 7:40 a.m .
" I was offended for the Act Six students and for ourselves , " she said .
A campus investigation is under way as part of the university 's judicial process , and Newberg police have been notified .
Mitchell Whitehurst , whose son Cole Whitehurst is an Act Six scholarship recipient , said he drove to George Fox from Portland to hear the college president speak because he wanted to support his son and the school 's other minority students .
Whitehurst , dean of students and athletic director at Jefferson High School , said students in the Act Six program have received a lot of leadership training since they arrived at school .
" This is an unbelievable early test for them , " he said .
Whitehurst , who was one of a few African American students at Linfield College in nearby McMinnville , said his 19 - year - old son is up to the challenge of confronting racism .
-- Noelle Crombie and Helen Jung of The Oregonian contributed to this story .
-- Suzanne Pardington ; spardington@news.oregonian.com
About Check BioTech
We live in a day and age of Google , Amazon , and private citizens launching rockets to the space station for delivery !
How do consumers keep up with what ’s real , and what is fake ?
How can we expect our government to change and keep up with the speed of technology , science , and the Internet ?
Simple answer is we can ’t , not right now …
So we ’re going to have to come up with ways to double check and verify and validate what ’s true and what ’s not .
Check Biotech is a platform designed to bring talented and smart people around common goals and causes to help change the world for better .
Trending BioTech News
Recent Posts
Built on a family friendly platform brought to you by Incline Media , check biotech is our medical , technology , biosciences , and wellness platform created for education and engagement for hot topics like Stem Cells , Biofeedback and Electrical Medicine .
We have some of the top individuals , scientists , graders , and technologists in the world as contributors and moderators to help individuals and families find answers to many of today ’s questions with an unbiased result .
We have several speciality portals related to Green Biotechnology and BioEnergy !
We know there are powers that be out there in big Pharma , politics , and other organized groups that will probably go against or disagree or disapprove of some of the stances and or positions we take .
We suggest that you educate yourself when it comes to medicine , technology , and your own wellness …
Validate , educate and then make a wise choice .
We are just here to help guide you and give you choices and thoughts from some of the top minds in the world that share your same value and moral compass .
Back Pain | Bioengineering | Biofeedback | Bioprinting | Biotech Investments | Biotechnology Companies | Biotechnology Jobs | Chiropractic | Electrical Medicine | Health Insurance Marketplace | Medicare | Natural Medicine | News | Pain Management | Palliative Care | Stem Cells | Stock | Stress Relief | Best Eye Doctor Near Me | Stem Cell Therapy
This is a free service for all to share .
If you are a thought leader in the space and share our family friendly values please contact us if you have something to share .
KNOWLEDGE IS POWER , designed to be shared .
A Rising Tide Lifts All Boats
[ the - post - grid id = ” 24888 ″ title= ” ” ]
Driving has become a touchy subject with the Americans over the past few years .
Where we once were symbolized by our powerful cars and open roads , we now worry about carbon dioxide emissions , greenhouse gasses , miles per gallon , and the rising price of gasoline .
Is there any relief in sight at the pump ?
Are we going to permanently ruin our air quality by pumping out more and more Hummers and other SUV vehicles ?
Do n’t despair–the hero of the environment , Al Gore , is here to tell us what to do or , more specifically , what to drive .
Ford Focus
Maybe you thought every car that was environmentally friendly was going to be an expensive hybrid , but this is n’t true .
The Ford Focus is an old - fashioned , gas - powered car that is efficient and produces low emissions .
The Focus has some of the best air pollution and greenhouse gas scores of any gas - powered vehicle .
It also gets 27 city miles to the gallon .
If you are n’t in the mood to deal with elaborate hybrid technology , then maybe the Ford Focus is for you .
Its base price is only $ 13,995 .
Al Gore ’s Rating : Makes Polar Bears Happy
Mercury Mariner Hybrid SUV
Your eyes do not deceive you ; there is a fuel - efficient , environmentally - friendly SUV on the market !
The Mercury Mariner Hybrid SUV is perfect for those who want to protect the environment and still bus their family around .
Its base price is only $ 26,430 , and it gets 32 city miles to the gallon .
Al Gore ’s Rating : Saves the Rainforest
Tesla Roadster
Who says you ca n’t drive an electric car and still look darn good ?
The Tesla Roadster is one of the world ’s sleekest - looking electric sports cars .
The car can go from 0 - 60 in 3.9 seconds , has a top speed of 135 mph , and can travel up to 220 miles on a single battery charge .
It gets 4.7 miles to the kilowatt hour , which is equivalent to a car that gets 135 miles per gallon .
If you want to look good and save the environment , then this one ’s for you !
Al Gore ’s Rating : Does Not Melt Ice Caps
Toyota Prius
Perhaps the world ’s most famous and popular environmentally - friendly hybrid vehicle , the Toyota Prius just sold its one millionth unit this past month .
The Prius switches between a gas engine and an electric motor engine at varying speeds , making it ideal for saving you money at the pump and saving the environment .
The car gets an amazing 48 city miles per gallon .
It is currently retailing at a base price of $ 22,325 .
This is one hybrid that is not inconvenient to drive .
Al Gore ’s Rating : Patches Up the Ozone Layer
Smart Car
If you want to get a fuel - efficient car to the extreme , then the Smart Car just may be your cup of tea .
The Smart Car conserves gas , gets 40 city miles to the gallon , and also makes life easier with its compact size .
You can park almost anywhere !
It also retails at an incredibly low $ 11,000 .
If you want to have a positive impact on the world ’s environmental situation , look into a Smart Car today .
Al Gore ’s Rating : Gore - Tastic !
SEPTEMBER 19 -- In recognition of Wall Street 's bailouts and bankruptcies , this week 's mug shot roundup kicks off with a Texas perp whose soccer jersey carries the logo of one fallen financial giant .
And keep this in mind : 1 ) The gentleman advertising his guns on page # 9 was nabbed for breaking into a Michigan ice cream shop ; 2 ) No , the men on page # 13 were not arrested for that .
They were nabbed last month while demonstrating during the Democratic National Convention ; and 3 ) Since the distinctive t- shirt worn by the Floridian on page # 17 was carelessly cropped by a sheriff 's employee , we 've included a photo of an identical shirt for reference .
And , no , we have no idea what that giraffe line means .
( 18 pages )
This is a great primer for those just getting started in the study of Japanese .
Of course , it 's " dirty " as in " quick and dirty , " not as an " grotesque " or " sexual . "
Sorry to disappoint !
Anyway , it 's an excellent overview of the high - level concepts of Japanese grammar , and definitely worth a read .
When you 're finished , you might be interested in my general for beginners section .
Pics of Biggest Rally in AK history ... anti-Palin by unknown
Friday Sep 19th , 2008 6:10 PM
[ The ] Alaska Women Reject Palin rally was to be held outside on the lawn in front of the Loussac Library in midtown Anchorage .
Homemade signs were encouraged , and the idea was to make a statement that Sarah Palin does not speak for all Alaska women -- or men .
I had no idea what to expect .
The rally was organized by a small group of women , talking over coffee .
It made me wonder what other things have started with small groups of women talking over coffee .
It 's probably an impressive list .
These women hatched the plan , printed up flyers , posted them around town , and sent notices to local media outlets .
One of those media outlets was KBYR radio , home of Eddie Burke , a long - time uber - conservative Anchorage talk show host .
Turns out that Eddie Burke not only announced the rally , but called the people who planned to attend the rally ' a bunch of socialist baby - killing maggots , ' and read the home phone numbers of the organizers aloud over the air , urging listeners to call and tell them what they thought .
The women , of course , received some nasty , harassing and threatening messages .
I felt a bit apprehensive .
I 'd been disappointed before by the turnout at other rallies .
Basically , in Anchorage , if you can get 25 people to show up at an event , it 's a success .
So , I thought to myself , if we can actually get 100 people there that are n't sent by Eddie Burke , we 'll be doing good .
A real statement will have been made .
I confess , I still had a mental image of 15 demonstrators surrounded by hundreds of menacing ' socialist baby - killing maggot ' haters .
It 's a good thing I was n't tailgating when I saw the crowd in front of the library or I would have ended up in somebody 's trunk .
When I got there , about 20 minutes early , the line of sign wavers stretched the full length of the library grounds , along the edge of the road , 6 or 7 people deep !
I could hardly find a place to park .
I nabbed one of the last spots in the library lot , and as I got out of the car and started walking , people seemed to join in from every direction , carrying signs .
Never , have I seen anything like it in my 17 and a half years living in Anchorage .
The organizers had someone walk the rally with a counter , and they clicked off well over 1400 people ( not including the 90 counter - demonstrators ) .
This was the biggest political rally ever , in the history of the state .
I was absolutely stunned .
The second most amazing thing is how many people honked and gave the thumbs up as they drove by .
And even those that did n't honk looked wide - eyed and awe - struck at the huge crowd that was growing by the minute .
This just does n't happen here .
Then , the infamous Eddie Burke showed up .
He tried to talk to the media , and was instantly surrounded by a group of 20 people who started shouting O - BA - MA so loud he could n't be heard .
Then passing cars started honking in a rhythmic pattern of 3 , like the Obama chant , while the crowd cheered , hooted and waved their signs high .
So , if you 've been doing the math …
Yes .
The Alaska Women Reject Palin rally was significantly bigger than Palin 's rally that got all the national media coverage !
So take heart , sit back , and enjoy the photo gallery .
Feel free to spread the pictures around to anyone who needs to know that Sarah Palin most definitely does not speak for all Alaskans .
The citizens of Alaska , who know her best , have things to say .
Politicians , FEMA blame each other for relief missteps
It did n't take long for the finger - pointing to begin .
The Federal Emergency Management Agency came under fire Sunday as emergency workers were left undernourished and dozens of trucks of water and food had yet to be set up at distribution centers around Houston and surrounding communities .
And no sooner had the agency — widely condemned for its glacial response to suffering after Hurricane Katrina in 2005 — drawn sharp criticism as its leaders and spokesmen began to say it was someone else 's fault .
Earlier in the day , a FEMA spokesman said delays in setting up staging points to hand out needed provisions had been caused by blocked roads .
By the evening , Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff said it was the fault of state officials who handed his department the " unexpected challenge " of having to prepare distribution points in addition to delivering supplies .
Taking sides
State officials said that was a local responsibility , which came as a surprise to Houston Mayor Bill White and Harris County Judge Ed Emmett
" If I could have known something 18 hours ago , we could have made plans to pick up something a lot quicker , that 's a fact , " White said .
But he added : " Whatever the little drama was is only a matter of hours , not days . "
Emmett agreed , calling the flap " much ado about nothing . "
The state could not set up the centers because it was overwhelmed in other areas , he said .
Several local and federal elected officials from opposing parties had a different take .
" I disagree with the leadership of the state in not participating in the ( point of distribution ) program going on tonight , " said state Sen.
Mario Gallegos , D - Houston .
" I saw it in lines today at Galena Park .
People are frustrated , they 're scared , they 're upset . "
U.S. Rep. Nick Lampson , D - Houston , said he was told before the storm by FEMA officials that there was food and water already staged at the Ellington Air National Guard base .
" Now it 's on the way ?
That does n't make any sense to me , " he said .
" I do n't know what happened ...
The storm 's been over for 30 hours .
" I hope some heads will roll in this , " he said later , adding that the efforts of local mayors , judges and emergency responders should be applauded .
U.S. Rep. John Culberson , R- Houston , said he was " outraged " at the agency because first responders at two staging areas are without food and water .
Stratford High School 's Tully Stadium and Spring Forest Middle school are staging areas for Texas Department of Public Safety officers and Texas State Guard and Texas National Guard troops .
" It 's just outrageous , " Culberson said , calling on residents near those sites to share food and water with the emergency crews .
" I think it 's inexcusable .
... I was horrified to discover that our first responders needed our help . "
Some were more circumspect , chalking up the delays to the intense pressure faced by government officials of all stripes in meeting the challenge of cleaning up after severe damage and rendering aid to 5 million people without power and access to clean drinking water .
They held out hope that FEMA 's 5 million liters of water and 5 million meals would soon be available to those in need .
Local officials said they expected some distribution centers to be announced late yesterday evening .
" None of these operations are perfect .
There are always ways to do it better , " Gov. Rick Perry said shortly after landing at Ellington after an aerial survey of the storm damage .
He said he was generally satisfied with the post - hurricane recovery effort .
Reporter Mike Glenn contributed to this report .
carolyn.feibel@chron.com
bradley.olson@chron.com
So Hurricane
Ike did n't do as much damage as experts feared to the nation 's oil - refining complexes .
That does n't mean U.S. drivers are out of the woods yet .
Expect more ( AP )
The big fear was that Ike 's storm surges would lead to serious flooding damage to area refineries that provide about a quarter of U.S. gasoline supplies .
That did n't happen , apparently �most area refineries came through the storm unscathed .
But ...
Digital Transformation – Engage , Enable , Innovate
Services for Digital Transformation
The world - renowned technology research firm , Gartner , defines Digital Transformation as ‘ the changes associated with digital technology application and integration into all aspects of human life and society .
It is the move from the physical to digital ’.
Our team , our services and our solutions are designed to enable integration of digital technology to support all aspects of a business and to inform processes and activities with data literacy , and to enhance operations and provide premium value to customers .
As your partner , we understand the cultural shift required to encourage continuous improvement , and continually challenge status quo by enabling prototyping , theorizing and experimenting to achieve the best results .
ï »¿
Small Room Acoustics
( Sound Theory )
Last updated on 4/13/07
( hints section edited )
The most commonly overlooked aspects of a recording studio is the acoustics .
Without good acoustics it is almost impossible to get a good recording .
Of course the most important factor is the source of the sound , meaning the musicians and their instruments .
But of course the next thing between the source and the pickup device ( i.e. the microphones ) , is of course the room itself .
If you have a bad sounding room , it will destroy the sound of the guitarist 's great $ 1,800 amp no matter how good your microphone is .
A bad room will make a $ 5,000 drum set sound played by the world 's greatest percussionist sound like an amateur playing on a $ 200 S - mart set .
If you need proof , listen to Metallica 's " Saint Anger " album .
And that was actually a fairly good room .
However , in order to have a stellar sound , you must have a stellar room .
Because after all , the sound must filter through the room to get to said microphones and there 's no way to get rid of the room sound once it is there .
What exactly makes a good room though ?
Some aspects of acoustics are purely subjective and up to personal taste .
Other aspects are seemingly universal .
There are so many factors involved in the quality of a room it is almost impossible to describe in any detail .
There are literally volumes of books covering the science and art behind acoustics .
Never - the - less , some concepts are fairly simple to grasp .
Hopefully , a vague idea behind the subject can be understood at least enough to allow one to chose their rooms and room treatments effectively enough to be usable for their intended purpose .
At the very least , one can use the knowledge to chose somebody to handle those details on their behalf .
Regardless , acoustics are one of the largest contributors to both live sound and recorded sound whether on the recording side or the playback side .
Reflections are probably the single most important aspect of acoustics .
Reflections , of course , are sound waves bouncing off of an object .
Note that the angle of reflection will always be the same as the angle of attack just like light to a mirror .
Since no surface is perfect , however , there will always be some “ blurring ” of the reflection .
A reflections are the cause of echoes natural cases but echoes can be simulated by other means .
Reflections can cause a lot of harm for many reasons but they can also be a good thing .
Reflections can obscure the true source of a sound under certain conditions and can harm intelligibility .
From 10 ms - 40 ms ( 20 optimally ) , though , reflections can actually help one localize the true source of a sound .
In fact , echoes within this range can be up to 10 dB louder than the original source and not obscure the source sound .
This is called the Haas effect and many studios actually have secular reflectors called “ Haas kickers ” in place to deliberately cause this effect .
The Haas effect is best used in moderation though and is most effective when at least 10 dB BELOW the direct sound in volume .
Short reflections , even within the range for Haas effect can cause other problems .
On another note , a parabolic dish can be mated with certain kinds of microphones to focus the mic ’s pickup pattern to a pinpoint over long distances .
The dish reflects a wide area of sound into a small area for the sake of intensifying it just as satellite dishes focus radio waves from long distances into an antenna .
These are commonly used in sporting events where one may want to focus on a certain player or a certain sound source .
The Regardless , reflections are a part of everyday life and help us comprehend our location , the distance of objects , the source direction of objects and so forth .
But as previously stated , they also cause a lot of problems particularly where intelligibility is in question .
Longer echoes are generally a lot less offensive than shorter echoes .
Extremely short echoes ( less than 20 ms ) cause phase cancellations , or more specifically stated , 2 or more similar sounds passing the same point at slightly different times interfere with each other .
Some sounds get reinforced while others get cancelled .
The effect is called “ comb filtering ” and is almost always undesirable as it obscures detail and harms intelligibility .
A flanger effect , relies on a continuously varied short delay to cause phase cancellation .
In this case it ’s a desired special effect .
Generally speaking though , delays of less than 5 ms are particularly harmful and if they ca n’t be avoided , one should at least take care to minimize the effect by careful placement of objects in relation to boundaries and microphones .
Having several open microphones in a given environment can have the same effect as a reflection .
For instance , if more than one instrument is being recorded at a time , then there will likely be several mics in the same general area .
Multiple in -use microphones can produce results similar to reflections except there is no time for the sound to return to a source so a mic 5 ’ behind another will add about a 5 ms delay whereas a wall 5 ’ behind a microphone will cause a 10 ms delay as it takes time for the sound to bounce back to the first microphone .
Based on the rule of thumb for sound traveling at 1,130 ’ per second , the distance between microphones in relation to the sound source alone will determine the delay between signals .
So if a microphone is 1 ’ away from a guitar cabinet and there is another microphone 5 ’ away for another guitar cabinet , then there will be a delay of approximately 4 ms between guitar mics .
Sometimes it ’s impossible to avoid delayed signals between microphones but the effect CAN be reduce by carefully regulating the distance between sound sources and microphones .
It may be necessary to get a mic closer to its intended sound source to either allow the volume of that source to be reduced and thus reduce bleed into another mic OR so the intended source is louder in the microphone thus reducing leakage from another source .
One can also use baffles to reduce the direct sound from one source accidentally getting received by an unintended receptor .
In case of the use of baffles , it is important to angle the baffles to avoid reflecting a sound source directly into a nearby microphone as this can be equally damaging or worse than bleed into another microphone .
On a side note , a given person can only be in one part of a room at a time .
By having many microphones in different parts of a room or worse yet , in different rooms , it becomes subconsciously disturbing to a listener who hears a recording made in this fashion as they are hearing ambience of different environments at the same time which does not occur in nature .
It is for this reason that the most natural sounding recordings tend to be recording using a single stereo pair of microphones in a fixed position of a given room .
Also this is why using multiple artificial reverberators is generally not a good idea unless they are blended together in some fashion .
The first and most important aspect of acoustics is the size and shape of the room itself .
Shape is as important as size but in some ways it is more important than others .
When a room has parallel walls ( like almost all rooms ) , sound gets caught bouncing back and forth between all the parallels walls .
Some sound waves are cancelled out by their own reflection of the walls while others are reinforced .
This interference changes according to the position of the sound source and the listener ( microphones included ) .
That stated , having a room where all would - be 90 degree angles are offset by 10 - 20 degrees will drastically reduce the redundant reflections between walls and thereby almost eliminating " standing waves " or waves that are reinforced to the point they create a " boomy " sound .
It is not recommended to have angles of less than 70 degrees because low frequencies like to congregate in corners .
The tighter the corner , the more bass tends to build up in them .
There is an entire industry built around sound absorption just for corners but this will be covered at a later time .
To further explain standing waves , it is said that a sound traveling from the speaker past the listener and bouncing off the back wall will come back past the listener increasing the volume at that particular frequency by 3 Decibels ( AKA dB ) .
Decibels are a parabolic function of sound energy where 3 dB equals a factor of 2 .
That is , a sound increased 3 dB in sound is doubled in power .
This is of course an ideal which is physically impossible because after all no reflection of energy is 100 % efficient but the effect can be drastic enough that rounding to 3 dB is acceptable .
What most people fail to realize is that the standing wave will also reflect off of the front wall and back to the listener causing the overall sound to be further reinforced .
This back and forth motion will reach a point of diminishing return of course but the standing wave itself can still be over 9 dB louder than non-standing waves in extreme cases .
These standing waves are a function of the room 's dimensions measured against the speed of sound .
Since the frequency of the standing wave has a direct correlation to the distance the sound travels within the room , it is commonly called a " room mode " .
One can determine room modes by dividing the speed of sound by the room dimension in question .
This will show which frequencies in that environment will be standing waves .
If the speed of sound is 1130 feet per second and your room is 30 feet long , the equation will be 1130/30=37.667 .
So 37.667 Hz will be the mode of that room .
Remember that multiples of all frequencies are also modes of a given room .
Therefore , 37.667 is only the fundamental room mode and room modes occur at this number times 2 , times 3 , times four and so on indefinitely .
Believe it or not but the previously mentioned " spikes " in frequency response are the less offensive of room mode problems .
In fact , while the effects of positive reinforcement within given wavelengths can severely increase the amplitude or volume of that sound , negative reinforcement can cancel out certain wavelengths altogether .
This happens because when a sound wave is traveling , it consists of " crests " and " troughs " just like waves in water .
When such waves bounce of walls or other object in a room , the waves will cross back over themselves .
In some instances , a trough may cross a crest .
Negative energy cancels out the positive so - to - speak .
Now the positive vs. negative reinforcement is dependant on the position of the sound source in the room and the listening position .
A listener may sit in one position of the room and hear say , 120 Hz 3 dB louder than the real source and if the listener moves over a few feet , there wo n't be any sound at 120 Hz at all .
This is probably the largest source of mixing problems in home studios and even many professional studios .
If the mixing engineer cannot properly perceive the information coming out of the monitors , then they will make poor adjustments .
It will also make a large difference in capturing original audio because of the room 's interaction between a sound source and the microphone (s ) .
This is only looking at one room dimension .
Standing waves can occur between any of the three dimensions of a given rectangular room .
It is quite common for studio control rooms to be bilaterally symmetrical pentagons , hexagons or octagons where two or more walls are significantly longer than the others .
The front wall which usually contains the studio window is the smallest and angled slightly downward from the perspective of the listening position .
The ceilings are quite commonly angled as well to prevent standing waves between the floor and ceiling .
Generally speaking , the front wall containing the window will be the lowest point for the ceiling and it gently slopes upward toward the back walls .
Rectangular studios are acceptable under the pretense that the ratio of length to width to height are appropriate and that it is large enough to allow standing waves to diffuse naturally over a short enough period of time .
If there are redundant dimensions or evenly divisible room dimension ratios , this problem can be compounded .
Reverberation ( reverb for short ) is defined as multiple random echoes which are so dense , individual echoes cannot be distinguished .
Under that definition , a small room such as one found in a recording studio cannot possibly contain a reverberant field because small room echoes never become completely diffused enough so that they are indistinguishable .
However , this is a flaw in the definition of the term " reverb " because as the size and shape of the room change , so does the diffusion of echoes within that room .
There is therefore , no definite way to differentiate between flutter echoes , that is , echoes which occur at rapid predictable intervals , and true reverb as this line is very fine from the beginning .
Flutter becomes fully diffused eventually due to anomalies in the surfaces of objects and the nature of the way sound travels , it 's just a matter of when .
It may take a 90 dB drop in volume before that flutter echo environment becomes diffused .
That would without a doubt NOT be reverberant though .
But since a reverberant field is timed by how long it takes the sound to decay 60 dB of its original volume , what if the flutter echoes become diffused after the echoes decay to 59 dB lower than the initial volume ?
Does it then qualify as reverb ?
Never - the - less , flutter echoes are universally undesirable and reverb is almost universally desirable .
Go into a normal room in a house such as a living room or bedroom and clap your hands crisply once .
Most likely you will hear your clap sustained as a fluttering or " robotic " sound in such a room .
That is a flutter echo .
Now repeat the same process in a gymnasium or a concert hall and you will hear the sound decay in a smooth way .
This is reverb .
Hear the difference between a small room with a flutter problem verses a small room with a well diffused reverberant field .
In the posted links above , one can clearly hear that one sample is well diffused and would consider it reverb and the other simply flutter .
Both samples were taken of the same room treated differently .
However , traditional definitions will deny that either of them can be called reverb simply because they were made in a small room .
Room size itself is a great contributor to overall sound quality .
The reverb time for a room is a parabolic function of volume .
So as the volume doubles , so does the reverb time .
Small rooms by definition do not have a true reverberant field because the reflections never become completely dispersed by the time the echoes have sufficiently decayed .
Larger rooms , on the other hand , tend to have a very long Rt60 ( the time for the ambient field to drop by 60dB ) so a sufficiently dispersed reverberant field is much more possible .
Of course , small rooms can quite possibly have large room characteristics and large rooms can have small room characteristics .
Now the actual Rt60 is based not only on volume but also the reflection coefficients of the walls ( the ability to reflect sound ) and the presence of other objects in the room with it .
A large room can be treated with sound absorptive materials in such a way that only a few echoes can be heard before it decays completely or a small room can be of material and shape ( such as a cement pentagon with a slanted ceiling ) and sound scattering devices called " diffusers " so that it will have a true reverberant field before decaying completely .
Since the development of reverb is a parabolic function of a given room 's properties depending on not just size , but also shape and reflectivity .
The conundrum becomes apparent because of the common statement that small rooms do not have reverb but large rooms do .
Room ratios play heavily into the overall quality of sound obtainable .
It is imperative to avoid redundant and multiples of dimensions .
It is logical to assume that a room 10 ' x 8 ' x 10 ' will sound far worse than a room that is say 12 ' x 10 ' x 8 ' because standing waves would otherwise be compounded .
Not only that , but it is much less likely for a reverberant field to develop in a room with redundant ratios .
A room with equivalent multiples such as 10 x 20 x 8 will also be a problem because 20 is evenly divisible by 10 and therefore will have the same problem with standing waves as a 10 x 10 x 8 room .
Although it will not be quite as bad in the 10 x 20 room because the modes within the room are factors of 2 and therefore only half the standing waves bouncing back and forth between the 20 ' walls will match up with the standing waves bouncing between the 10 ' walls .
One way to find out if your room has acceptable ratios is to measure the room in all its dimensions then try to divide each dimension by the others .
So if you have a room that is 28 ' by 23 ' by 8 ' , follow the process where 28/23=1.22 , 28/8=3.5 and 23/8=2.88 .
The ratios of this room are 1 x 2.88 x 3.5 .
Since none of these ratios are close to being even factors , this room will be acceptable .
Certain ratios of room sound better than others even though they all may be mathematically acceptable .
The reason for this is due to the natural overtones of sound .
A single note played on an instrument actually contains many tones at a time and even though the fundamental frequency of such a note may not create a standing wave , its overtones might .
Not only that but a chord may contain several wavelengths which coincide with modes of two or more room dimensions .
Therefore some more complicated theory is needed .
Ancient Greeks found that rooms with the ratios of 1 x 1.62 x 2.62 sounded universally good .
Though these ratios are not perfect in all cases , they are good in general .
In the case of our 28 x 23 x 8 room , there are only two coincidental modes which is quite good .
You can calculate redundant modes by plotting out all possible modes and then finding which ones coincide .
There are , however , many online resources that will plot them for you .
A good resource is the " Room Mode Calculator " at http://www.realtraps.com/modecalc.htm.
This will only calculate axial room modes .
That is , it will only calculate and chart modes between any one room dimension .
There are also tangential and oblique mode which are modes between two and three dimensions respectively .
These modes tend to be less intrusive than axial modes but are important never - the - less .
Since there are no known resources for calculating all three mode types together and charting them visually , one must hand chart them .
A good resource is http://www.marktaw.com/recording/Acoustics/RoomModeStandingWaveCalcu.htmlfor calculating all three types of modes .
All that having been stated , naturally bad sounding rooms can be treated or " tuned " to give acceptable results using a combination of diffusers and absorbers .
Learning to properly set up these materials can take a lifetime but a few simple principles can be followed to gain a basic understanding .
Absorbers , like one can guess are intended to absorb sound to reduce echoes within a room .
Diffusers scatter echoes rather than absorbing them so that instead of having a single large echo off of a single surface , many small echoes are achieve which will hopefully go in several directions .
Of course all absorbers and diffusers work on different principles and thus behave in different ways .
Due to the long wavelengths , low frequencies are particularly difficult to absorb or diffuse and therefore typical absorptive materials are not generally effective for low frequencies .
Though common acoustic treatments such as Auralex or Sonex are VERY good absorbers at high frequency but low frequencies tend to just pass right through them and bounce off the treated boundary unscathed .
In order to effectively damp low frequencies , the absorber / diffuser must be dense enough that it impedes the motion of the free field sound and also must be at least 1/4th the depth of the desired effected wavelength .
Waves are measured in degrees where a full wavelength is 360 degrees .
All waves are at a complete standstill when reaching a boundary because the wave compresses the air in front of a boundary , the air then acts as a spring board sending the wave away from that boundary .
A wall will thus always be 0 degrees in relation to any waves hitting it .
The most absorption occurs between 45 degrees and 135 degrees as 90 degrees is the peak of the waves energy ( 1/4 wavelength ) .
There is another peak ( AKA trough ) at 270 degrees also but this is less relevant to the subject .
So in order to absorb the longest wavelength of human hearing sufficiently , the absorber must theoretically be at least 14 thick .
The formula is stated as 1130 ( feet per second ) / 20 Hz= wavelength of 56.5 feet .
1/4th of 56.5 feet would then by 14.125 .
The results in practical function are not totally true as one may suspect because extremely low frequencies ( below 30 Hz ) tend to simply pass through gypsum covered walls and are thus less of a factor .
Also , a sufficiently dense object placed away from the wall can act as an absorber for specific wavelengths .
This is called a diaphragmatic Absorber .
The idea is to have a semi flexible material spaced from a wall so that the material moves with the initial sound .
The reflected sound from the wall which is now traveling the opposite direction of the direct sound is met by the diaphragm still moving primarily in coincidence with the direct sound and is thus severely reduced in power .
An absorber for a specific frequency is as follows 170 divided by the square root of Md.
So M is the density in pounds per square foot of the material used and d is the depth of air space in inches between the material and the wall .
So if you have a piece of plywood that weighs lb per square foot and space it 3 " from the nearest wall , the absorption frequency will be 139 Hz .
The absorption only reduces the amplitude ( power at a given point ) of the wave but it does have the advantage of making room modes broader and less extreme .
Taking this into a step further lets us use this principle for broadband absorption .
If one were to use a porous material that is both dense and flexible , much broader ranges of wavelengths can be absorbed .
A very common material and one of the best , is semi-rigid fiberglass .
Typical acoustic foam 2 " thick has a density of 2lbs per cubic foot and is made to be applied directly to a wall .
Fiberglass products such as Owens - Corning 703 is closer to 5lbs per cubic foot , is fairly solid and is sold in large sheets making it ideal for mounting on stands , suspended from the ceiling or using small spacers to stand it away from walls .
This is a great compromise because getting the material away from the wall allows the material to be closer to the free - field motion of waves in a given room making it far more effective at absorbing low frequencies .
Since it 's a porous material , the diaphragmatic absorption equation is " fudged " by 2 " ( or whatever the thickness of the material is ) so that everything between the front surface and back surface of the material factors into the equation .
Also , due to the porous and dense nature , high frequencies are absorbed very effectively ( though not quite as well as acoustic foam ) as well .
The idea , though is to make the absorbers work as evenly across the spectrum as possible .
So even though typical acoustic foam may have an absorption coefficient of 1.2 ( 1 means 100 % of sound is absorbed ) , that pertains primarily to high frequencies while the frequencies below 250 Hz or so are often less than .2 .
With semi-rigid fiberglass , .9 for high frequencies is typical but .8 is common for low frequencies .
Beware that when acoustic tests are done , they only account for the front surface area of the material which is why you see absorption coefficients ( also called Noise Reduction Coefficient or NRC ) above 1 .
The testing facilities fail to factor in back , side , top and bottom surfaces and thus a huge error in testing is common .
Never - the - less , double layered 2 " O - C 703 mounted away from walls slanting away from walls will absorb across the audio spectrum QUITE evenly and is quickly becoming the preferred method of room treatment .
The slant makes for a varied distance from the wall in order to increase the width of it absorption range .
Please note , it is best to not “ kill ” an entire wall but to place absorption in key , but scattered places around the room .
Treating scattered small areas rather than large areas can increase the efficiency of the absorption by up to3 fold .
This is because sound travelling through a given space has more likelihood of hitting absorption rather than bare wall and also allows for more surface area because the acoustic treatment is exposed on the sides .
With diffusion , similar principles apply as to absorption .
However , the idea is to scatter sound and not absorb it and there are again , many ways to do this .
The most simple way is a convex curved surface .
However again , it must be sufficiently dense otherwise low frequencies pass right through it and bounce of the wall behind it .
There 's several commercially available diffusers on the market from many different manufacturers .
Some of them rely more on curved surfaces to cr eate a reflection to spread throughout the room while some rely on " phase reflective diffusion " which means the object is to have many small parallel reflective surfaces to create reflections of different timing to reduce the hard apparent echo from the untreated surface .
There has been a new kind of diffuser in the last few decades called a " Reflective - Phase Grading " diffuser which uses multiple reflective surfaces divided by thin walls to create " wells " of varying depths .
This creates small resonant pockets of air that compress and scatter throughout the room as well as having several small reflections instead of one large one .
The most effective versions of these diffusers are " Quadratic Residue Diffusers " and " Primitive Root Diffusers " .
These are all based on the same basic principles but the math behind determining the depths of the wells is different .
It should be noted that Auralex seems to prefers the " Golden Ratio " for making diffusers .
The Greek 's theoretical ideal room ratio of 2.62:1.62:1 is applied to the depth of the surface of the diffuser in addition to some other types of surface variations .
While this is not known to be the best , it is inexpensive to manufacture and when treated further to increase density ( they 're made of thin hollow plastic ) , can be very effective for a significantly lower cost than RPG diffusers .
Another factor is that most RPG type diffusers only scatter sound in 2 dimensions while Golden Ratio diffusers such as the Auralex T'fusor scatters in all 3 dimensions .
It should be noted that PRDs can also come as a simple RPG style without dividing walls to create a less expensive 3D diffuser called a " Skyline Diffuser " though is still quite costly at several hundred dollars USD for 4 square feet .
There is also something called a " Binary Diffuser " which is essentially a flat board with holes in it to allow some wavelengths to pass through it while reflecting others .
The surface behind the diffuser then reflects the sound .
This is a cost effective low profile way to diffuse sound but is not nearly as effective as the QRD .
When treating a room , some people try to simply " kill " all reflections using absorption in a given space .
This does not work as it is impossible to completely kill all reflections especially in the lower frequencies .
Even if it were possible to remove all reflections , it would leave a very unnatural sounding room which would create sonic results that would not translate well to a real world environment .
Pure diffusion without absorption can also create many problems as simply scattering sound can lead to a cluttered environment where clarity of sound is impossible to achieve .
Most studio control rooms are based on the LEDE method of controlling sound .
LEDE means " Live End , Dead End " .
The room from the front wall where the monitors are up to the point of the listen position has primarily absorption while from the listening position to the back of the room is left live and usually incorporates diffusion .
A pure LEDE environment is incredibly dangerous as it does n't exist in the real world and again it is almost impossible to absorb far enough into the low frequencies .
Instead , broad band absorbers are put in all corners to reduce bass resonance in the room while spot treatments are placed on the ceiling and on the walls between the monitors and listening position as well as on the wall directly behind the monitors .
This creates a " Reflection Free Zone " of sorts where the listening position is intended to be relatively low in early reflections .
Early reflections are the first reflections to be heard by the listener before the reverberant field forms ( usually within 20 ms - 40 ms ) .
Diffusion is used to prevent any hard echoes from reaching the listener and hopefully create more of a reverberant field than a flutter echo .
It has been said , though , that if the boundary in question is within 10 ' of the listener ( be it human or microphone ) then absorption should be used instead of diffusion as diffusers need space to scatter the sound sufficiently .
In a recording situation there is no dedicated listening position so an even spread of diffusion and absorption with gaps in between treatments is ideal .
Spot treatment is also a great idea if there are designated areas for certain applications such as putting absorption on the wall behind the drum area and on the ceiling over it .
In the natural world without walls or ceilings , the " First Significant Reflection " will always come from the ground .
The FSR is the first reflection within 6 dB of the loudest reelection in an ambient field .
The reason this is important is humans subconsciously use the FSR to determine distance from an object .
When an object is very close , such as a person speaking to a listener from 2 ' away , the initial sound will take about 2 ms to reach the listener while the FSR will be about 11 ms , which is perceived as 9ms by the listener once the initial time delay between production of sound and hearing of sound is subtracted .
If the speaker is 10 ' away , the FSR will be about 5 ms .
So the further away the listener is , the shorter the " Initial Signal Delay " gap , or the time difference between the direct sound and the FSR is .
If one is in a situation where the FSR is very short , it obscures detail due to phase shifts , that is 2 identical sounds arriving at one point at different times interfere with each other creating what 's called a comb filter effect where some frequencies are reinforced while others are cancelled .
In addition to comb filtering , the subconscious assumption is that the sound seems distant even if it 's less than a meter away .
This applies to both recording and listening situations .
So in an ideal situation , the FSR will be greater than 15 ms or 20 ms would be even better .
These time delays between direct sound and reflected sound can be calculated using Pythagorean Theorem .
But a great trick is to have a friend move around the room area between the monitors and the listening position with a mirror .
For instance , if they place the mirror on your desk and you can see the monitors in the mirror from the listening position , this will be a significant reflection and should be treated .
Any place between the listening position and the monitors where the speakers in the monitors can be seen in the mirror should be treated especially the ceiling .
Of course one cannot put acoustic tile on their mixing board so instead , the monitors and board position should be adjusted so that the reflection from the board should stay below neck level .
The object is to redirect the reflection in a in a direction that will not allow it to be heard .
Do n't neglect the fact that a reflection from the ceiling will also reflect off of the board making the ceiling that much more important to treat .
The LEDE idea originally came from the notion that the listening position should be completely devoid of early reflections so that the early reflections coming through the mics in the recording room can be heard .
However , no normal room is devoid of early reflections so a better idea is to extend the ISD gap for the FSR to 5 ms .
In addition , reducing the amplitude of early reflections to be more than 10dB - 15 dB below the direct sound is a good compromise over the LEDE technique .
In recording , treatment should be used between microphones and the sound source .
In the case of a small amplifier where the speaker center is 1 ' off the ground and the microphone is 3 " from the speaker at the same height , the ISD will be 2.03 ms .
So either very heavy absorption needs to be placed there or the amplifier and mic need to be raised off the ground to avoid phase shifts .
In recording , it is desirable to have the ISD gap to be greater than 5 ms for maximum clarity .
Please note that the listening position should cover a range of motion .
In a small mixing room , it will be difficult to get a decent ISD gap because object in the room must be so close together .
However , since a small room will likely have fewer listeners in it , an RFZ of 4 square feet may be satisfactory while a large mix room should go for an RFZ of more like 25 square feet or more to hold more people .
Resonance can be a huge and often overlooked problem .
Even if great care is taken to avoid all kinds of modes , the various materials and even the room itself can vibrate on their own .
The classic clich of an opera singer shattering a glass with their voice is no joke but rather a reality .
Everything resonates to one well or another .
Resonance is the frequency at which a specific object vibrates when struck .
It goes beyond that though , if a certain object resonates at 1KHz and something else is producing that frequency nearby , the first object will actually vibrate in coincidence with the sound and even amplify it .
If the source sound is loud enough and close enough to the resonant frequency of another object , it can actually destroy itself .
Never - the - less , an object subject to resonance can cause sonic artifacts similar to standing waves in a room .
Acoustic instruments rely on resonance to amplify the low volume sound of their actual sound sources such as the body of an acoustic guitar amplifies the sound of the strings .
Drywall , while not a very good soundboard can resonate as well .
Putting sound damping material on these types of objects should do well to reduce resonance .
It can be a big problem for monitors to transmit vibration down through the objects on which they sit causing it to resonate as well .
Isolation is the answer in this case .
If the monitors are on a large surface , they should be moved and placed on speaker stands which are not as apt for resonance or hang them from the ceiling .
Even at that , many people find it necessary to have sound absorbing material on the stands between the platforms and the monitors .
It 's generally a good idea to put instrument amplifiers on sound damping material as well as the floor can add to resonant problems .
This is good general practice even if the floors are not apt to resonate as it can add a little extra height to reduce phase problems from sound reflecting off the floor .
As previously stated , the room itself can resonate .
In larger rooms this usually is n't a problem but all rooms have specific volume and the air inside that room is elastic in nature making it ideal for resonance .
A cavity that contains a specific volume of air intended to vibrate is called a Helmholtz resonator .
A good example of a Helmholtz resonator is an ocarina or blowing across the mouth of a bottle .
The air gets compressed inside the object and when it reaches a critical pressure , expands again even if the air is still getting some compression .
Since it 's still under compression , the air gets compressed again when the pressure is relieved from the cavity containing the air .
A room can act as a Helmholtz resonator but strangely , such resonator covered with a thin membrane can be added to a room with a resonance problem to actually REDUCE resonance in such a room by displacing the problem frequency into the resonant cavity .
Though it 's almost impossible to completely get rid of resonance , just like reflections , this problems can be tamed by treatment .
Materials good for reducing resonance are generally very dense and extremely flexible such as rubber or once again , compressed fiberglass .
Transmission is a great issue for isolation purposes .
Though beyond the scope of this article , a lot of money goes into reducing transmission of sound through walls in studio situations .
All objects transmit sound but some are better at it than others .
Isolation booths are often placed on small pieces of rubber which does not transmit sound very well .
Rubber is also often placed between wall surfaces such as gypsum board and their supporting studs to reduce transmission through the studs themselves .
Minimal numbers of screws or nails are used as they transmit high frequencies very well .
Air is a great insulator so by using as few studs as possible and using very broad studs such as 2x6 instead of the usual 2x4 , isolating one room from another is much easier .
In fact many recording rooms are actually smaller rooms placed inside larger rooms where the larger room is generally a large rectangular prism shape while the room inside it is suspended ( usually at an angle to the surrounding room to reduce standing waves and resonance between walls ) with cables or placed on thick rubber feet similar to isolation booths .
Fiberglass is a good insulator and can reduce resonance when used properly .
In general , thermal insulation material is also good sound insulation and electrical insulation .
Some materials are simply more prone to transmit energy in general than others .
An exception to this is the expanding foam that many people use for insulation of houses .
The reason is , even though it 's a highly porous material , it dries hard and is thus subject to resonance itself at a multitude of frequencies .
Hard objects generally transmit energy better than soft objects .
Soft , dense objects tend to absorb vibrations because they can compress and stretch with air while density adds to their ability to " catch " vibrations instead of simply letting the vibrations pass through them .
Refraction is yet another phenomenon of acoustics .
Though it 's not normally a problem , sound can be bent with changes of density in air just like changes of density can bend light like through a lens .
Sound does not always travel at the same speed .
Things like humidity , air pressure and temperature greatly effect the speed of sound and when high humidity meets low humidity , cold air meets hot etc , the direction of sound gets skewed .
A room with a cold floor and a hot ceiling will cause sound to bend as it travels through the room .
While this can be a very large issue outdoors , it 's not normally a problem in studios .
In the morning when the ground is getting hot but the air is still fairly cool , sound tends to bend upward .
The PA system at the famous race car track in Indianapolis actually has the speakers pointed below the audience because most races are in the morning .
Thousands of dollars are saved by relying on this fact .
In the evening , it 's best to have the speakers set fairly high or pointed slightly over the audiences head so the cooling ground with warm surrounding air will cause the sound to bend downward into the audience .
One of the famous sermons from Jesus was made at the BOTTOM of a hill while the audience was on higher ground instead of the expected other way .
Jesus was addressing a very large audience that would otherwise be unable to hear him speak if he had been on high ground or if it were evening but since this was in the morning , the audience was in the optimal position to hear him speak .
While this may seem like a complex and somewhat exhaustive essay on the basics of acoustics , learning acoustics takes a lifetime and even at that , many properties of sound are yet to be discovered .
So there will be some errors in the aforementioned information as well as a lot of information missing .
As always , one is welcome to E - mail the author to make suggestions for improvement .
In the mean time , some helpful hints .
Bass tends to collect in corners , especially acute angles ( less than 90 degrees on the inside of the angle ) .
Keep listeners , microphones and sound producing objects out of corners .
A common trick is to draw a picture of the room and use a digital pain program like MS Paint to draw an oval inside the drawing .
The oval should barely touch the walls of the room drawing .
Any area that falls outside of the oval should not be used for audio purposes .
Below is a possible arrangement for a set of monitors , mixing desk and chair for the operator .
Notice how everything falls inside the oval and that the listening position is slightly forward from the half way point to avoid redundant reflections from front and back wall .
Keep sound sources and sound pickup devices away from boundaries such as walls .
Monitors should be meter away from the nearest wall to avoid phase shifts and exaggerated bass .
Remember almost all sound sources radiate low frequencies equally in all directions so object behind speakers will reflect low frequencies .
Try to stay away from any kind of redundant or evenly devisable factors in any kind of measurements .
20x10 is not a good ratio for a room as 20 is evenly devisable by 10 .
If your monitors are meter from the front wall , do n't let them be meter from the side walls , .66 meters is better .
When in doubt , stick to prime numbers .
So the bass amp can be 5 meters from one wall and 7 meters from another which will place it 3 meters from the ceiling .
Prime numbers are almost always safe .
Avoid small rooms with parallel walls .
If building an isolation booth , 5 or more walls is desirable to avoid acute angles .
Avoid redundant or near - redundant dimensions .
Overall , size is often more important than shape .
A room that 's 8 m x 6 m x 3 m is most likely better than a room that 's 6 m x 5 m x 2 m even though the ratio of the second room is better .
Though some ratios are fairly universally better such as the Golden Ratio of 2.62:1.62:1
Bass is the most difficult to control as far as sound goes .
Treatment to reduce bass problems should be addressed first and high frequencies are usually sufficiently tamed simply as a byproduct .
Packing foam and normal fabric may seem to be adequate at reducing high frequencies but are no where near dense enough to control low frequencies .
Using these types of materials for sound absorption will cause more problems than they solve because human perception is more tuned to high frequencies .
They will will make for a dead sounding room but low frequency problems will be disproportionately exaggerated .
Placing the monitors in the room and calibrating them is more important than WHAT type of monitors are used .
Most professional monitors are accurate to 3 dB from 50 Hz - 18KHz while poor placement and poor room treatment can cause the sound to be skewed as much as 40dB .
So spending $ 1,200 on monitors is a waste , you'd be better spending $ 500 on monitors and spending another $ 500 on room treatment and proper speaker stands .
In many cases , $ 500 monitors simply placed well will be better than a $ 1,200 set of monitors in the corners of the same room as or on top of a mixing desk .
Using an EQ to " tune " a room will not work because it is not fine enough to tackle standing waves nor will it take into account different problems at different places in the room .
Furthermore , even if you manage to use a 24,000 band FFT EQ to cut problem frequencies in the room , the accuracy of the direct sound from the monitors will be severely compromised .
People are far more sensitive to the quality of the direct sound than the reflected sound of the room .
Monitors should be placed at head level with your ears falling BETWEEN the level of the tweeters and woofers .
It 's generally best to have the tweeter set above the woofer rather than to the side .
This is to avoid compromising phase shift and skewed stereo imaging
Monitors should be behind the mixing desk and not on top of it to avoid both resonance and phase problems of the hard reflective surface .
Monitors should form an equilateral triangle with the listener as in the illustration .
Ceilings do n't normally exist in the natural world , try to either utilize a room with a high ceiling or make the ceiling sound as if it's not really there with broadband absorption .
Ceilings harm more drum and vocal recordings in home studios than anything else aside from poor mic placement .
Floors are often an issue .
Most higher end studios have tile , wood or cement floors each having their own unique sound .
What you want to avoid is carpet because it absorbs high frequencies much better than low frequencies .
This is n't as much of an issue in control / mix rooms as it is recording rooms where microphones are often close to the floor .
Vaulted ceilings or any concave surfaces tend to focus sound with great intensity .
If you ca n’t avoid these , treat them heavily with diffusion or better yet , absorption .
There 's no substitute for moving air .
Simply plugging an instrument into a mixing board will sound unnatural regardless of how it is processed .
Additional reading
http://www.ethanwiner.com/acoustics.html for info on rigid fiberglass
http://www.saecollege.de/reference_material/pages/Coefficient%20Chart.htm for many other absorption coefficients .
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acoustics for general acoustics information .
To E-mail , just type what you see in the image below into another window .
Sorry for the inconvenience but it prevents Spam bots .
Main Index
Lee Adler
I ’ve been publishing The Wall Street Examiner and its predecessor since October 2000 .
I also publish LiquidityTrader.com , and was lead analyst for Sure Money Investor , of blessed memory .
I developed David Stockman 's Contra Corner for Mr. Stockman .
I ’ve had a wide variety of finance related jobs since 1972 , including a stint on Wall Street in both sales , analytical , and trading capacities .
Prior to starting the Wall Street Examiner I was a commercial real estate appraiser in Florida for 15 years .
I was considered an expert in the analysis of failed properties that ended up in the hands of bank REO divisions , the FDIC , and the RTC .
Remember those guys ?
I also worked in the residential mortgage and real estate businesses in parts of the 1970s and 80s .
I have been charting stocks and markets and doing analytical work since I was a teenager .
I 'm not some Ivory Tower academic , Wall Street guy .
My perspective comes from having my boots on the ground and in the trenches , as a real estate broker , mortgage broker , trader , account rep , and analyst .
I 've watched most of the games these Wall Street wiseguys play from right up close .
I know the drill from my 55 years of paying attention .
And I 'm happy to share that experience with you , right here .
View all posts by Lee Adler →
You can help get the word outto your fellow citizens .
Policy makers have signaled that they are not willing to provide financial support for a takeover of Lehman , as they did with Bear Stearns .
Unlike Bear Stearns , which lost many clients and its access to money markets in just a few days , Lehman has been able to finance its business , especially after investment banks were allowed to borrow directly from the Fed .
But the quality of the securities it owns are still in question .
The Fed and Treasury continue to insist that Wall Street firms find a way to rescue Lehman because their own companies might be next .
But the Lehman crisis comes at a time when many of them are also short on capital .
Entities that do have cash ready to invest , namely private equity firms , are not at the table .
That is because regulators do not want those firms , which borrow money to buy companies , controlling major financial institutions that provide the financing for their acquisitions .
Many foreign investors , for their part , are reluctant to buy now after having seen earlier investments drop sharply in value .
The decision by policy makers sets up a crucial test for the financial system :
Can the market resolve the panic by pairing Lehman with a willing and strong suitor , or will the company be forced to liquidate ?
Whatever the outcome , there is a growing consensus on Wall Street that the government may not be able to save every big firm whose failure would pose a risk to the system .
Image Investors on the New York Stock Exchange , where Lehman Brothers is traded , were wary of banks and insurers last week .
Credit ... Kate Glicksberg for The New York Times
“ The too - big - to - fail mantra or concept or government policy is , in my opinion , off the table and we have to deal with that , ” said David H. Ellison , president and chief investment officer at FBR Funds , a mutual fund company .
“ They are not going to save these companies . ”
And better still , he has been meeting with numerous financial heavyweights on both sides of the isle and will deliver his program on Friday .
The same old thinking and the same old people who created this mess have to go .
It ’s not a matter of giving the boot to one or two people .
The problems in our financial system are much broader than that and go layers deep .
Of course , we could say the same about all of the Bush - McCain people who have been running the country .
Their half - baked theories are bringing us all down .
Obama also mocked McCain ’s promise to fire the head of the Securities and Exchange Commission if elected .
“ I think that ’s all fine and good but here ’s what I think , ” Obama said .
“ In the next 47 days you can fire the whole trickle - down , on - your - own , look - the - other way crowd in Washington who has led us down this disastrous path .
“ Do n’t just get rid of one guy .
Get rid of this administration , ” he said .
“ Get rid of this philosophy .
Get rid of the do - nothing approach to our economic problem and put somebody in there who ’s going to fight for you . ”
Obama came up with yet another way to poke fun at McCain for his comment Monday that the fundamentals of the economy were strong .
“ This comment was so out of touch that even George Bush ’s White House could n’t agree with it when they were asked about it .
They had to distance themselves from John McCain . ”
Examples using SMS tools
These sound examples were done using the SMS software that was running on NeXTStep in the early 1990s .
Examples from the PhD Thesis
All these examples are part of the PhD thesis and are described there .
Danger Shield v1.0
Introduction
The Danger Shield is an add - on for the Arduino micro controller board .
It contains a variety of fun and useful electronic circuits that you can use to do fun and useful things .
It is a fully self - contained shield .
You plug it into your Arduino , and you can immediately start using it .
No extra things to hook up , no external components .
Just a really rad board ready to rock .
What is it for ?
Whatever you want to do with it !
Some of the features of the board are :
3 x linear sliders w/ integrated LEDs ( each independently hooked up to PWM )
3 x pushbuttons
2 x indicator LEDs ( each with a PWM )
1 x piezo buzzer ( for making noise ! )
1 x temperature sensor
1 x light sensor
1 x knock sensor
1 x 7 segment LED ( with shift register )
power LED and reset button
Get It !
PCB
This is the Danger Shield PCB .
Components
Make It !
Insulate USB Connector
To protect from accidental shorts from the pins sticking out of the Danger Shield , put a couple pieces of electrical tape over the USB Connector on the Arduino .
DON'T SKIP THIS STEP !
Prepare Arduino Headers
The easiest way to ensure a proper mount between your shield and your Arduino is to fit the shield onto the Arduino , then solder .
Insert the long ends of the headers into the Arduino receptacles .
Solder Arduino Connectors
Put the Danger Shield over the Arduino so all the pins are sticking through the board .
Once they are all in place , solder the pins to the Danger Shield .
When you are done , you will have a properly fitting Danger Shield !
10 K Ohm Resistors
Solder the resistors into the appropriate places .
Orientation does not matter .
1M Ohm Resistor
Solder the resistor into the appropriate place ( next to the knock sensor ) .
Orientation does not matter .
560 Ohm Resistors , Part 1
Solder the resistors into the appropriate places .
Orientation does not matter .
LDR ( Light Dependent Resistor )
Solder the resistor into the appropriate place .
Orientation does not matter .
Buttons
The buttons snap into the socket .
Orientation does not matter .
Be gentle with the pins .
Solder the buttons into the appropriate places .
Make sure to clip the pins of the leftmost button to prevent shorts with the USB Connector
Temperature Sensor
Follow the silkscreen .
The flat side should face the outside of the board .
DIP Socket
Solder the socket into place with the semi-circle on the socket lining up with the semi-circle on the silkscreen .
It should be facing the bottom of the board .
Piezo Buzzer / Knock Sensor
The Buzzer and Knock Sensor are the same component , just wired differently .
Solder them into the board as shown .
7 Segment LED
The 7 - segment LED has a notch on one corner .
This should line up with the notch on the silkscreen .
The LED also has a decimal point that should be towards the bottom of the board .
Make sure you solder it in properly .
LEDs
The base of the LED will have a flat side .
Match this up with the silkscreen .
If there is no flat , the shorter leg goes in the hole closest to the flat on the silkscreen .
Make sure you solder it in properly , LEDs have polarity and will only work in one direction .
580 Ohm Resistors , Part 2
These resistors are for the 7 - segment LED .
They are soldered vertically .
Bend the leads on one side of the resistor all the way over .
Insert them so the leads face the 7 Segment LCD .
You may want to solder them in sets , as the legs get crowded and make soldering tricky .
Shift Register Headers
Optional
The board contains headers that allow you to chain additional shift registers to the board .
Solder them into place if you wish .
Sliders ( Linear Potentiometers )
These sliders can only be inserted in one orientation .
Insert all 3 sliders .
Carefully flip the board over and solder them into place .
Insert 74HC595 Chip
Insert the shift register chip .
Line up the dimple on one end of the chip with the dimple on the socket ( and the dimple on the silkscreen ! ) .
Carefully insert the chip .
Once it is seated , press harder and fully insert it .
Plug It In !
Plug your Arduino into your USB port .
Assuming everything went okay , your power LED should light up .
You may want to program it with one of our Danger Shield firmwares to start playing !
Use It !
The Danger Shield provides many cool inputs and outputs .
We 'll cover how to use each output in your own program .
Its up to you to combine them and create your own awesome programs .
Almost .
We do provide some cool pre-made programs you can use =)
Sliders
The sliders are actually 2 components in one : Each slider contains a Linear Potentiometer and an LED .
The linear potentiometer is hooked up to an analog pin , and the LED is hooked up to a digital pin with pulse width modulation ( PWM ) capacity .
From a programming and electronics perspective , these are two completely independent circuits .
Here 's how you read the slider 's value :
int value = analogRead ( SLIDER1 _PIN ) ;
more information on arduino.cc
Read below to learn how to control an LED .
LEDs
LEDs are Light Emitting Diodes .
When you give them current , they emit light .
All the LEDs that are hooked up to pins on the Arduino are hooked up to pins that can function as both digital as well as PWM pins .
To control the LED digitally , you can turn it on or off .
digitalWrite ( LED1 _PIN , HIGH ) ; digitalWRITE ( LED1 _PIN , LOW ) ;
To control the LED with PWM , you give it a value .
The led will pulse between on and off rapidly based on the value .
The higher the value , the more time the LED is on , the brighter it will appear !
The value must be in the range of 0 -255 .
analogWrite ( LED1 _PIN , 255 ) ; analogWrite ( LED2_PIN , 128 ) ; analogWrite ( LED2_PIN , 32 ) ; analogWrite ( LED3 _PIN , 0 ) ;
More information on Arduino.cc
Buttons
Buttons are hooked up to digital inputs .
When a button is pressed , it sends a HIGH signal .
When a button is not pressed , it sends a LOW signal .
These correspond to 1 and 0 , or true and false .
Here 's how you use it :
boolean value = digitalRead ( BUTTON1 _PIN ) ;
More information on Arduino.cc
Light Sensor
The light sensor is hooked up to an analog pin .
You can read from this pin and get a value representing the amount of light hitting the sensor .
The value is in the range of 0 - 1023 with low values representing low light , and high values representing brighter light .
int value = analogRead ( LIGHT_SENSOR_PIN ) ;
More information here
Temperature Sensor
The temperature sensor that the Danger Shield uses is an [ LM35 ] .
Unlike thermistors , this sensor is very easy to use , and its output is linear with temperature .
Here 's how you use it :
int raw = 0 ; float voltage = 0.0 ; int celsius = 0 ; int fahrenheit = 0 ; raw = analogRead ( TEMP_SENSOR_PIN ) ; voltage = ( raw * 5.0 ) / 1024.0 ; celsius = voltage * 100 ; celsius = ( 5.0 * analogRead ( TEMP_SENSOR_PIN ) * 100.0 ) / 1024.0 ; fahrenheit = ( celsius * 1.8 ) + 32 ;
More information here
Buzzer
The buzzer is a piezo buzzer .
It acts just like a speaker .
When you give it voltage , it flexes .
If you rapidly switch between voltage and no voltage , it will vibrate .
If you do this at the proper frequency , it will make a noise .
This is exactly how speakers work .
Here 's how to make a simple tone :
digitalWrite ( BUZZER_PIN , HIGH ) ; delayMicroseconds ( 1000 ) ; digitalWrite ( BUZZER_PIN , LOW ) ;
More information on Arduino.cc
7 Segment Display
A 7 segment display is simply 8 LEDs combined into one package .
They are arranged in such a way that each LED represents a segment .
When the proper LEDs are lit , the display can be interpreted by humans as a letter or number .
The tricky part is that in our situation , we do n't have 8 free digital pins to hook up individually to each LED .
Instead , we need to use a shift register to expand the number of pins we have available to us .
Here is a simple example that will turn all the LEDs on :
digitalWrite ( LATCH_PIN , LOW ) ; shiftOut ( DATA_PIN , CLOCK_PIN , MSBFIRST , 255 ) ; digitalWrite ( LATCH_PIN , HIGH ) ;
More information on Arduino.cc
Knock Sensor
A piezo can be used in 2 ways : when a voltage is applied , it will flex .
When the piezo is flexed , it will generate a voltage .
We can use this to our advantage and turn a simple piezo buzzer into a sensor !
The knock sensor is a piezo wired up to an analog pin .
When you knock on the piezo , it generates a small voltage , depending on the piezo and strength of your knock .
To use it , we simply read the analog value and if its above a threshold , we consider it a knock .
int value = analogRead ( KNOCK_SENSOR_PIN ) ; if ( value > 100 ) { }
More information on Arduino.cc
Files
All of the latest , up - to - date files are stored in Subversion
Schematic
Eagle Files
The files used to make this board are available from SourceForge
They contain :
Eagle schematic and board layout
GERBER files used to manufacture board
3D rendering of circuit
POVRay scene file of circuit
PDF outputs of circuit
PS outputs of circuit
PNG outputs of circuit
Example Code
Various firmwares written for the Danger Shield are available from SourceForge .
Make sure you download the latest v1.0.x version of the software .
This code contains a variety of cool and interesting firmwares that will make your Danger Shield do many cool things .
You do n't have to write a single line of code !
Want to do more ?
Here 's something new : Danger Shield to the World !
This page explains how to use those light and temperature sensors to send readings to a webpage , and share them with the world !
Say What ?!
" The people in Missouri say , ' Well , Frankfort thinks that they 've got the body of Daniel Boone .
They got his large bones .
But we got his heart still here in Missouri . ' " — Sam Compton , President , The Boone Society
Explore more in
Explorer Daniel Boone Blazed a Trail to the American West
80 more things that make men cry Real men do n't cry ?
Tell that to Michael Vaughan , Gazza , Jeremy Paxman or Mike " The Streets " Skinner .
What makes the male tear duct well up ?
It is never easy to give up a job you love .
But after five years as captain of the England Test cricket team , Michael Vaughan has stepped down after a lack of runs on the pitch .
After a list of thank yous , his voice caught as he paid tribute to his family .
Flashbulbs popped as he blinked back tears .
Once a solely private activity , what makes men weep in public ?
1 . Making parents proud .
" I know how proud my mum and dad have been , " a visibly overcome Vaughan told the assembled journalists at his resignation press conference .
" I spoke to my dad this morning and he said ' you know can walk away a proud lad because you 've given it everything ' and that 's all he ever asked me to do . "
Anyone else need to dry their own eyes after that ?
2 . Birth of first child - or grandchild .
Now that men are routinely present for this everyday yet momentous event , tears in the birthing room are not uncommon .
Not only is this the fruit of a man 's loins , the progeny that will carry his name ( perhaps ) , but he has just witnessed his beloved partner undergoing the agonies of childbirth while he stands by , unable to contribute much beyond encouraging words and a toot on the gas and air .
The consultant obstetrician who delivered Gordon Brown 's son , John , said both the PM and wife Sarah " wept tears of joy " at his birth .
His great grandmother lost poor relief after having an illegitimate daughter 3 . Tribulations of loved one .
Newsnight 's Jeremy Paxman does n't do emotion , beyond irritation .
But while filming genealogy show Who Do You Think You Are , he welled up on discovering the hardships suffered by his poverty - striken forebears .
And blokes do n't come much blokier than former Australian prime minister Bob Hawke , who liked to characterise himself as " Australia 's mate " .
But this carapace cracked during a 1985 television interview in which he spoke tearfully about his daughter 's drug addiction .
4 . Letting a loved one down .
Rough , tough Mr Hawke again shed tears on TV in 1989 as he admitted cheating on his wife of 33 years .
Playing the " I 'm only human " card , he wept as he vowed constancy .
He later divorced his wife and married his long - term lover Blanche d'Alpuget .
And cried at how beautiful she looked .
5 . Saying sorry .
It 's a hard word to get out .
In his resignation speech last May , there was a watery shine in Tony Blair 's eyes as he thanked the British people and said " my apologies to you for the times I have fallen short " .
Bill Clinton , a habitual crier , wept at the White House 's annual prayer breakfast in 1998 .
Held the day the Starr report was released , the then President of the United States told the assembled clerics that he had sinned : " It is important to me that everybody who has been hurt know that the sorrow I feel is genuine . "
6 . Letting yourself down .
Footballer Paul Gascoigne famously welled up after he was booked in the 1990 World Cup .
Not only did that yellow card mean he would not be playing in the final , none of his teammates would either , as England was beaten 4 - 3 by West Germany on penalties .
Mike Skinner 's ballad of lost love caught the mood in summer 2004 7 .
Being dumped .
In his hit single Dry Your Eyes , Mike Skinner - aka The Streets - sings of a young man 's pain as he tries to persuade his girlfriend not to dump him ( " We can even have an open relationship , if you must " ) and his mate 's efforts to bolster a beaten man ( " Dry your eyes mate / I know it 's hard to take but her mind has been made up " ) .
Released as Portugal sent England crashing out of Euro 2004 , it soundtracked thousands of shattered sporting hopes .
Which leads us to ...
8 . Beaten in a hard - fought game .
Footballers habitually cry after missing a crucial penalty .
Tennis genius Roger Federer , more used to smiling through his tears as he hoists yet another winner 's trophy aloft , welled up as he clutched the loser 's plate in Wimbledon 2008 .
Dry your eyes , mate 9 .
Winning a hard - fought game .
After gruelling close encounters with Sharon Osbourne and Simon Cowell , Shayne Ward shed tears as he was named the winner of X Factor 2005 .
Making a virtue of this , his subsequent hits included I Cry and Some Tears Never Dry .
Another to cry a river upon winning was flamboyant snooker player Alex Higgins , who battled his way to win the 1982 World Championship .
He wept as he beckoned for his wife and daughter to share in his triumph .
10 .
These are n't tears .
It 's just bits of dust .
Below is a selection of your comments .
You missed out " hearing tales of great bravery , endeavour , or sacrifice " .
Make all the Freudian jibes you like , but I still well up at rocket launches because I know the people inside are risking instant annihilation to do something important .
Ernest Adams , Guildford , UK Seeing a female cry makes me well up , as long as its the real thing , not on TV .
Also Schindler 's list at the end .
Mark , Guildford
A wife that 's six months pregnant .
Not only brings tears to my eyes , but brings me to my knees .
Three months to go .
Anyone got any hankies ?
Keith , Britain Music .
Especially organ music .
I defy anyone to listen to Bach 's Jesus Bleibet Meine Freude arranged for the organ and not to weep at its sheer beauty .
Chris , Brussels , Belgium I will admit to non-manly tears at the DVD of Brief Encounter and Coram Boy at the National Theatre a couple of years ago .
Michael Hall , Croydon , UK I was n't even born at the time , and am not fussed about football , but the words " There 's some people on the pitch ... they think it 's all over ... it is now ! " can still make the room turn suddenly dusty .
Paul , Fareham , Hants Seeing my father cry .
One think I could never cope with .
That and moments of monumental loss .
Family , friends ...
D , UK Re Dry Your Eyes " released as Portugal sent England crashing out of Euro 2004 , it soundtracked thousands of shattered sporting hopes . "
Very true .
I remember when it was played on Radio 1 the morning after .
A sad , sad moment .
Tobs H , Cardiff Animals that have been run over .
My other half got a bit teary when a cat looking very similar to one of ours was run over near the house and gave lots of extra attention to ours when he came in .
And my dad 's still not got over the hedgehog he ran over four years ago in Crete .
Rachael , London Watching my 3 year old daughter do a show with her ballet friends .
It made me cry with laughter ( and a good dose of pride ) .
Simon , Etchingham
The bit at the end of the film Babe when the farmer turns to the little squeaker and says three simple words - " That 'll do pig " .
Get 's me every time .
So simple and so so meaningful .
Richard , London , UK
What a load of wimps .
Real men , like myself , only cry at the sight of quiche .
Oh , and on hearing O Mio Babbino Caro .
Oh , yeah , and at several places when watching Gone With The Wind including every time the theme music starts .
JoJo , Caterham , England For me , it is Conan the Barbarian .
In particular , when the hero 's girlfriend makes a deal with her own life to bring him back from the grave , and tells him : " All the gods they cannot sever us - if I were dead and you still fighting for life , I 'd come back from the darkness , back from the pit of hell to fight by your side . "
Gets me * every * time - in fact I 'm welling up just recalling it .
I 've tried to tell my wife that it is the most romantic film ever made .
And tried to include that speech in our wedding vows .
But she remains unconvinced ...
Jon C , Southampton , UK Dutch research a few years ago showed that there are some movies that even make guys cry .
The absolute number one tearjerker ( for blokes as well as girls ) turned out to be Once Were Warriors .
I have n't seen this film , so I 'm curious to know if anyone agrees .
Jantien ( a girl ) , The Netherlands Once Were Warriors - must be the scene near the end where they find the daughter in the garden .
Ian , Milton Keynes Warriors - I cried almost throughout the whole thing , just so much suffering .
Ian , Shrewsbury , UK Witness the scene in Whale Rider where Pai cries on stage in front of her whole school ; something about children being scared / embarrassed enough to cry is enough to set me off .
Marts , Bristol 1 hour 3 minutes and 57 seconds into The Crying Game .
Enough to make any man cry .
Voice of Raisins , Here and there Men do n't cry watching movies .
They just rub their eyes and complain " It 's a bit hot in here . "
The Battle of Britain always does it for me ; great action , rousing score and the knowledge that this little island once was REALLY great .
Rob Neal , United Kingdom
Three songs / theme tunes make me cry and these are 1 .
Band of Brothers ' theme tune 2 . The Last Post 3 .
Art Garfunkel singing Bright Eyes .
Greg , UK I think it 's been thus far overlooked that the single most common reason for publicly crying , in this day and age , is an instruction to do so from the producer of whichever reality show the crier happens to be on .
Paul , Lancaster Rick nodding agreement to the band striking up La Marseillaise in Casablanca , followed by the whole cafe drowning out the Germans - always brings a lump to my throat .
Bob T , London , UK
My husband cried on our wedding day because one of his mates started crying and it set him off too .
Debbie , Chesterfield , UK
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
New York , NY ( Sept. 4 , 2008 ) - A new study finds hospitals can save more than $ 300 a day taking care of seriously ill patients while giving them even better care .
The Archives of Internal Medicine will publish the study by the Center to Advance Palliative Care and National Palliative Care Research Center in its September 8 issue .
With the aging of the population , especially the baby boomers , hospitals are caring for an increasing number of patients with advanced illnesses , such as cancer , heart disease and kidney failure .
Palliative care programs provide a way for hospitals to meet the needs of these patients while staying financially viable .
" Americans are aging with serious , chronic illnesses , " said Dr. R. Sean Morrison , director of the National Palliative Care Research Center and the study 's lead author .
" But despite enormous expenditures , they still get uncoordinated care , extreme burdens on their families and poorly managed pain . "
According to the study of eight very different hospitals :
Hospitals saved from $ 279 to $ 374 per day on patients in palliative care programs .
Hospitals saved $ 1700 to $ 4900 on each admission of a palliative care patient .
Savings included significant reductions in pharmacy , laboratory and intensive care costs .
This means savings of more than $ 1.3 million for a 300 - bed community hospital and more than $ 2.5 million for the average academic medical center .
" The potential to reduce the suffering of millions of Americans is enormous , " said Diane Meier , MD , director of the Center to Advance Palliative Care , a national organization based at Mount Sinai School of Medicine .
" This study proves that better care can go hand in hand with a better bottom line . "
Until a decade ago , palliative care in the U.S. was typically available only to patients living at home and enrolled in a hospice program .
By 2006 , more than 41 % of U.S hospitals reported having a program .
###
About Palliative Care
Palliative care is the medical subspecialty focused on relief of the pain and other symptoms of serious illness .
Palliative medicine treats serious illness regardless of prognosis .
Patients can receive it at any point in their illness , with or without curative treatment .
CAPC and the NPCRC are national , non-profit organizations located at Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York City .
www.capc.org www.npcrc.org
1. The Father of a Modern Movement
In many ways , being green has never been easier , especially for politicians .
The vast majority of Americans now say environmental protection is important to them , and few would vote for a leader who explicitly claims to be " anti-environment . "
But America 's highest office has long had a relationship to the planet that is anything but straightforward .
Given enormous social , economic and political changes in our nation 's history , ranking presidents on green criteria is no easy task .
This list could n't possibly reflect all the issues involved , but it is a subjective look at highlights in the evolution of environmental policy and protection .
To begin , when most Americans think of green presidents , they probably envision Theodore Roosevelt ( 1901 - 1909 ) .
" TR " consistently lobbied Congress for wilderness protection , used the Forest Reserve Act of 1891 to set aside 150 million acres of timberland as public domains , and oversaw creation of the U.S. Forest Service .
Roosevelt also created 50 wildlife refuges and five national parks .
Beyond those accomplishments , TR is well remembered as popularizing the ideas of good resource stewardship and respect for nature .
That 's not to say everything was idyllic in those years of heavy logging , mining , urbanization and rapid human expansion , but seeds of consciousness were sown .
Note :
This is long - since solved , but leaving the page up for context , since many sites linked to it .
-rc
I ’ve given up trying to work with Yahoo , which represents the largest domain subscribed to True .
There are more than 20,000 addresses within the Yahoo.com domain on True ‘s distribution ( plus a couple thousand more on variants such as yahoo.co.uk , yahoo.ca , etc . )
But most of them are not getting True anymore : Yahoo has blocked us .
Why ?
Because of idiots ( dare I call them “ yahoos ” ?
Filo and Yang chose “ yahoo ” as their name because it meant “ rude , unsophisticated , uncouth ” — and it fits ) .
These are yahoos who ask to be put on True ’s distribution , then confirm that request , and … then click the “ This is Spam ” button when they do n’t recognize the mailing or simply do n’t want it anymore .
Yes , those yahoos have screwed thousands upon thousands of others who really do want my newsletter .
Too bad :
Yahoo is listening to the yahoos instead : they ’re blocking it .
To them , we ’re “ spammers ” — and of course , no protestations from “ spammers ” count .
Clicking “ Not Spam ” Helps
As far as I can tell , there ’s only one group of people with Yahoo addresses who are still getting their issues : those who have at one time found True in the “ spam folder ” and clicked the “ Not Spam ” button .
But for the rest it ’s too late : we ’re now blocked , and you will not find issues there so you can hit that button .
As of now , about 70 percent of the Yahoo addresses are blocked .
That ’s more than 15,000 folks .
That ’s more than 10 percent of my entire distribution .
And that ’s catastrophic : it has the potential to kill True ‘s newsletter .
Nearly 15 percent of my audience , as of this week , which means 15 percent of my revenue , including 15 percent of my ad revenue , has suddenly stopped .
It ’s the biggest crisis in True ‘s more than 14 years online .
And it ’s ( sigh ) right in the middle of a worldwide economic slowdown .
What lovely timing .
Yahoo is over - represented in my distribution because True is so old : it ’s been publishing since 1994 , when Yahoo was a little collection of links .
They did n’t get their millionth page view until late 1994 ( according to Wikipedia ) , well after I had over 100,000 online readers every week , some of whom had to go through a lot of effort to get their issues ( through BBS gateways , UUCP bang addresses , and other now - archaic means ) .
True : Older than Yahoo Mail
Yahoo mail opened to the public in 1997 ( when it acquired Rocketmail ) .
That was after I first editorialized on what a problem spam could become — what ’s now the Spam Primer .
I take no solace in the fact that I was right about spam ; it has grown so much that the world ’s first for - profit entertainment email publication is having massive delivery problems because its shiny little jewel ca n’t stand out among the garbage .
Yeah , I ’m mad : it ’s my own readers who have done this .
Addled idiots can’t click “ unsubscribe ” after they asked to get these issues , lumping the white hat guy who warned them about spam in with the criminals who send spam .
But they ’re gone now : they do n’t see the carnage they caused , even if they liked , even loved , True .
It ’s like shooting a gun into a crowd of people , then walking away before seeing what happened .
I ’ve had occasional problems with other big mail sites too , like AOL , Hotmail / MSN , and more , usually because of those same false “ this is spam ” complaints .
Currently , I think all those other problems are cleared up , but I ’m already seeing a revenue slide .
It will likely get worse over time .
Can I reverse it and keep True going ?
I ’m not sure .
It ’s possible True will become Premium - only ( plus the few newspapers who carry it ) , which would certify you all as victims of the spam war .
Can You Help ?
Yes .
Complain to your provider every time you miss an issue .
Tell them you asked to get True and responded to a verification request , and that no one can get on the distribution without both of those steps .
Spammers do n’t do that : they add you whether you want their mail or not .
( And when was the last time you wanted spam ? ! )
If you complain , maybe they ’ll get the message that their customers really want True and other legitimate email publications .
But if they do n’t listen , give your business to someone else !
Next , help me replace those tens of thousands of lost readers .
I ’ve asked you again ( and again and again ! ) to help “ spread the word . ”
Few have bothered .
If you really ca n’t be bothered , you may lose True forever .
Please tell at least 50 friends now !
I need them more than ever .
Please promote
True on your web site or blog .
Reporters : I need articles in print publications .
I can help you with pretty much any angle you want .
And if you have a few bucks to spare , help prove that True is worthy of your support : upgrade to a Premium subscription ( I just hope you have a non - Yahoo address for it ) .
Or sign up for two years and get the second year for a discount .
( And yes , sales of “ Get Out of Hell Free ” cards and related products help too , not to mention True book collections . )
If you ’ve done any of these things , Thank You : you helped .
If you have more than that to spare , consider sponsoring issues , either with ads or replacing the ads with a sponsorship message ( contact me with your offer ) .
You can also sponsor
True ’s online archive or this blog — again , contact me with your offer .
It is possible to turn this disaster into a new start , but only with help .
If you care about True , I need your help right now .
Just close this page and True may go away , or do something yourself , rather than hope someone else does .
Really ; it ’s that simple .
Do you care ?
Update : Bloggers Take Up the Cause
I ’ll post just some of the links to bloggers around the world who are working to increase awareness :
Update !
I heard from a senior tech at Yahoo at the end of the day on August 5 : “ Your IP [ address ] should have no issues delivering now . ”
Short , sweet , to the point .
Now the work begins to restore all the “ held ” subscribers , and with luck we ’ll have all 15,000 back by Friday ’s issue .
[ Accomplished !
See full update . ]
Alec Baldwin , who stars in “ 30 Rock , ” the NBC sitcom that has revived his career and done nothing to lift his spirits , has the unbending , straight - armed gait of someone trying to prevent clothes from rubbing against sunburned skin .
He is fifty years old , divorced , and lives alone in an old white farmhouse in the Hamptons and an apartment on Central Park West — feeling thwarted , if not quite persecuted .
In conversation , he lets out an occasional yelping laugh , but he is often wistful , in a way that is linked to professional and romantic regrets , and to a period of tabloid notoriety last year , when an angry voice mail that he left for his daughter , who was then eleven , became public .
He is very conscious of what is lacking in his life — a spouse , for example , and a film career something like Jack Nicholson ’s , and the governorship of New York — and his rhetoric can sometimes bring to mind a scene from “ 30 Rock ” in which Baldwin , in his role as Jack Donaghy , a shameless but astute TV executive , stares at an equestrian painting by Stubbs and , in a growled whisper of longing , says , “ I wish I were a horse — strong , free , my chestnut haunches glistening in the sun . ”
According to Lorne Michaels , the executive producer of “ Saturday Night Live ” and an executive producer of “ 30 Rock , ” Baldwin “ guards against enjoyment . ”
( Michaels is a friend of Baldwin ’s and was a model for the Donaghy character . )
“ I ’ll say , ‘ Alec , you have one of the best writers in television ’ ” — Tina Fey — “ ‘ writing this part for you .
It ’s shot in New York , where you chose to live .
You work three days a week , you get paid a lot of money , you ’re getting awards .
It ’s a great time in your life .
It ’s an all - good thing .
And , if you were capable of enjoying it , it would be even better . ’ ” Or , as William Baldwin , one of Alec ’s three younger brothers , said recently , “ There ’s always something for him to fucking whine about . ”
Relentlessly self - critical , Baldwin says , “ I do n’t think I really have a talent for movie acting . ”
Photograph by Martin Schoeller
On a Friday afternoon in April , at the end of a week making “ 30 Rock , ” in a studio in Queens , Baldwin was on a quiet suburban driveway in northern New Jersey , moonlighting on a low - budget independent film being made by friends of his .
The production did not have the funds to produce Hollywood bustle : the loudest sounds were birdsong and a distant wood - chipper .
Baldwin was wearing hunting gear — a bright - orange vest and camouflage pants — and this disguised him ; throughout his career , he has typically been seen in fitted suits that signal a menacing delight in the exercise of power — perhaps most famously in “ Glengarry Glen Ross , ” which he made when he was thirty - three .
( “ Third prize is : You ’re fired . ” )
Today , he was playing the owner of a suburban property business , a man in a troubled marriage .
When I sat with him , he said , “ I ’m so fucking tired . ”
Besides performing in “ 30 Rock ” and in this film , called “ Lymelife , ” Baldwin had just finished writing a book on divorce and the law — part memoir , part polemic about the legal barriers sometimes put between a divorced parent and his children — which drew on his bruising experience after separating from the actress Kim Basinger , eight years ago .
He said that he had been falling asleep at night with a laptop on his chest .
Tiffany Nishimoto , Baldwin ’s assistant and producing partner , handed him a phone , and he immediately began speaking into it : “ It sounds to me like you want to . . . ”
Then he stopped and started again : “ First of all , hello . ”
He has a fast , heavily stressed , highly enunciated speaking voice , punctuated by frequent throat clearings — this can give the impression that you ’re hearing a warmup rather than the event itself .
When he had finished , he asked about other messages .
“ What else ? ” he asked .
She told him .
And then : “ What else ? ”
Turning back to me , he said of the film , which he was helping to produce , “ This kind of stuff , it ’s so hard ” — the tiny budget , the tight schedule , no more than two or three takes .
“ It ’s a domestic drama , and , as you might suppose , I ’ve had my fill of that subject .
This is the last time , in this movie , I assure you , you ’re ever going to see me arguing with a spouse . ”
For a moment , he imagined life at the center of a big - budget drama , and remembered watching Leonardo DiCaprio at work in the lead role in Martin Scorsese ’s “ The Aviator , ” in which Baldwin had a supporting part .
“ To be Leo ! ” he cried out .
( Baldwin can be quite earnest , even as he keeps an ironic eye on his earnestness . )
“ To have a huge role like that !
To play the role that is the fizz in the drink , you know what I mean ?
You are the movie !
I wish I could play the lead role in one movie , one great movie . ”
According to Baldwin , “ The Insider ” was the most recent “ great opportunity ” for an actor of his kind .
“ It was smart , it was relevant , it was topical , ” and the part went to Russell Crowe .
He was called to work , and rather stiffly walked a few paces into the house , where he directly began playing a tense family scene with Jill Hennessy , in the role of his wife , and Rory Culkin , as their son .
Baldwin then returned to the driveway , to sit near a full - sized stuffed deer that was part of the apparatus of the film .
“ Maybe one will lead to the other , ” he said .
“ Success begets success .
I ’ve been offered a lot of movies now that ‘ 30 Rock ’ has been successful . ”
In that show , Baldwin — carrying two hundred and twenty - five pounds , like an athlete in his sportscaster years — plays the corporate overseer of a fictional TV sketch - comedy show made at 30 Rockefeller Plaza , the headquarters of NBC .
Donaghy has the calm joy of someone who knows that nothing matters in life but ambition ; Baldwin brings deadpan gravitas to a giddy parody of business egomania .
( Explaining a tuxedo worn in the office : “ It ’s after six .
What am I , a farmer ? ” )
His performance has been widely recognized : last year , he won a Golden Globe and a Screen Actors Guild Award , and was nominated for an Emmy .
This year , he received the same three nominations : he won the SAG Award , and on September 21st he will learn if he has won an Emmy .
Although ratings for “ 30 Rock ” have been modest , the show has been celebrated by critics .
To all of this , Baldwin ’s response has largely been :
Where did everything go wrong ?
“ On a television show , precise acting is n’t the order of the day , ” he said to me .
“ It ’s a sitcom .
The idea is to hit certain beats , and we do it cleverly .
But , you do a television show , you become a pastry chef .
I ’m a pastry chef now ; I ’m not the big chef at the big restaurant .
I ’m not Daniel ” — a brief pause , then he jutted out his lips in a way that was familiar from his movies , and almost shouted the next word — “ Boulud .
You know ? ”
He laughed .
“ I know how expensive women ’s shoes are , but take the goddam jewelry ! ” Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
“ I always think , What if you just took your hand off the wheel , and slowly , over time , it all went away , and your life became about , you know , ‘ Is the mail here yet ? ’
I always think about that . ”
But this dream of disengagement quickly gave way : in the space of a few minutes , sitting in weak sun on a New Jersey driveway , smoking a cigarette , Baldwin imagined himself as the restaurant critic of the Times ; the proprietor of an inn near Syracuse ; and the presenter of a classical - music show on public radio .
“ I could do that , ” he said , and he was n’t exactly joking .
He cares about classical music ; he began to take an interest in his twenties .
( Perhaps not surprisingly , he adores Mahler and ca n’t quite see the point of Mozart . )
“ To sit there in the studio and just say ” — a rich radio voice — “ ‘ And now Tchaikovsky ’s Symphony No. 6 , with Charles Dutoit and the Montreal Symphony Orchestra . ’
Click .
Hit a button , and then you sit back and listen , and they pay you for that .
And I ca n’t imagine they pay you as much as the movies , but to me it ’s getting to that point where there ’s just something else I want to do .
I do n’t know what it is .
I ’m tired of being somebody else .
I spend the waking hours of my life saying things that other people think and say and do .
And behaving as someone else .
I ’m tired of it .
I want to be me !
I want to be myself ! ”
Alec Baldwin once wrote a screenplay for a Western , derived from “ The Fastest Gun Alive . ”
He and his three younger brothers — Daniel , Billy , and Stephen , all of whom have had acting careers in film and television — were to portray a family of unnaturally skilled gunfighters .
As Billy Baldwin , who appears in “ Dirty Sexy Money , ” the ABC drama , recently recalled , “ Basically , it was : Daniel ’s the outlaw ; I ’m the riverboat gambler who gets all the pussy , the shallow , good - looking sap ; Stephen ’s the village idiot ; and he ’s the fucking hero !
He ’s the one who saves the day at the end ; he ’s the Clint Eastwood .
If you ’re looking for how my brother thinks about his brothers , and how he always felt about his brothers , that ’s it .
That ’s the movie he wanted to make with his brothers . ”
The four Baldwin brothers , and their two sisters , grew up in Massapequa , on the south shore of Long Island , an hour ’s train ride out of Penn Station .
“ It was a checkered neighborhood , ” Alec Baldwin said .
“ The waterfront south of the highway was doctors , lawyers , and then , north of the tracks , very working - class : cops , firemen , tough kids .
I definitely wandered between those two worlds . ”
The Baldwins were not among the wealthy : Baldwin ’s father — also Alec — was a high - school teacher of history and social studies , and a football and riflery coach ; Carol , his mother , who had worked as a substitute teacher , stayed at home .
It was “ an Irish - Catholic , rowdy , rambunctious upbringing , ” in Billy Baldwin ’s phrase .
He described Alec as smart and disciplined but noted that “ he ran in a crowd that was a little rougher than I did . ”
He was a good athlete , “ but nothing special — I may hurt his feelings saying that . ”
Alec ’s tales of boyhood , delivered with uncannily precise sound effects of the everyday ( screen doors , beer cans ) , sometimes place him in cars and on furiously pedalled bicycles , on his way to settle , with violence , points of teen - age honor .
“ I had three younger brothers committing me to things , ” Baldwin said , laughing .
“ It was ‘ My brother Alec ’s going to kick your ass ! ’
“ My father was tough , ” Baldwin told me .
“ No .
I want you to know something : My father was tough .
My father would chaperone at high - school dances , and the toughest guy in the high school used to want to fight my father .
My father broke his hand on a guy ’s head once in school .
The kid was drunk ; it was a big masculine challenge for him to pick a fight with my father .
My father was n’t a violent or mean - spirited person , but he was a very strict disciplinarian in school and he knew that some of these kids only understood one thing .
. . .
The older I got , I learned to behave as he did , which was to not be afraid of anybody .
And I ’m not afraid of anybody .
Wherever I go , I do n’t have a drop of fear in my whole body .
Never . Never . ”
According to Billy Baldwin , “ Alec put my father on a pedestal .
He really idolized him . ”
Alec Baldwin said that he deliberately molded a relationship with his father ( who died , of lung cancer , in 1983 , when he was fifty - five and Alec was twenty - five ) , in a way that the others , who were younger , did not : “ If you wanted to communicate with my father , you had to share his view of politics and culture .
He was very well read , a very bright guy ; you had to watch Cronkite , and ‘ How Green Was My Valley , ’ and after that five other Donald Crisp movies . ”
His brothers “ did n’t meet him halfway .
They ’d go out the front door and play Wiffle ball . ”
Baldwin speaks fondly of his siblings , despite the potential sources of friction .
( Daniel Baldwin — “ Homicide : Life on the Street , ” “ Born on the Fourth of July , ” “ Celebrity Fit Club , ” “ Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew ” — has had long - term problems with drugs ; Stephen Baldwin , now a born - again Christian , has come to hold some conservative views , whereas Alec Baldwin is an active , highly informed Democrat and a regular contributor to the Huffington Post . )
Nevertheless , for all his affection , he also calls them “ very different people . ”
If a generation gap opened up when they were children , it expanded in adulthood , when the younger brothers — gate - crashing Stooges — joined him in the profession for which he had trained .
“ My brother Stephen , for example — this is not meant as a judgment on him , or to malign him — but , like a lot of young actors , they do n’t have a lot of training , ” Baldwin said .
( In recent summers , Baldwin has given a weeklong acting class in East Hampton , where he urges students to “ muscularize ” their lines , or genially condemns their torpid delivery : “ I wanted a meteor to come out of the sky and crush this whole building . ” )
Billy Baldwin told me , “ I think he thinks we felt , ‘ If that idiot can do it , I ’ll give it a shot . ’
And on some level that ’s sort of true . ”
Alec Baldwin began at George Washington University in 1976 , with the idea of going into law and becoming President of the United States .
At the end of his junior year , he split up with a girlfriend and lost a student - body election .
Feeling underappreciated , he transferred to N.Y.U. and began studying at the Lee Strasberg Theatre Institute .
Baldwin did not graduate at that time ( many years later , he did ) .
He was lean and intense , and had chest hair in which one could lose a telephone , and within a year he was in the New York - based daytime soap opera “ The Doctors . ”
In 1983 , he moved to Los Angeles and was soon offered a role in “ Knots Landing , ” the hit spinoff of “ Dallas , ” on CBS .
His father died around this time .
Billy Baldwin tentatively connects that blow — along with later career and relationship difficulties — to a general darkening of Baldwin ’s mood , and an occasional habit of “ grenade launching . ”
Alec Baldwin does not regard himself as unusually volatile — one wonders if his verbal facility has sometimes stood in the path of introspection — but he acknowledges that he used to have a sunnier self .
His memory is that it survived until the end of the decade : “ Pre -1990 , I was just candy canes and lollipops and ice - cream cones and unicorns ; I was happy - go - lucky ! ” ( This timing is challenged by an interview that he gave in 1990 , when , looking back at recent years , he said , “ I was Mr. Telephone Thrower ” and “ My whole life was agony . ” )
“ Forever Lulu , ” Baldwin ’s first film , in 1987 , was bad .
But within a couple of years he had played six memorable supporting roles in six better - than - average movies —
“ She ’s Having a Baby , ” “ Beetlejuice , ” “ Married to the Mob , ” “ Working Girl , ” “ Talk Radio , ” and “ Great Balls of Fire ! ” — with some beguiling note of severity , even cruelty , in each .
Baldwin had a precise , self - contained style : his performances suggested that although he might accept an audience ’s attention , he cared little for its approval .
Even in “ Beetlejuice , ” some inner killjoy seemed to pull against the innocent , newlywed scampering required of Baldwin ’s character .
This was the last time a director asked Baldwin to play a blameless square — a Darrin Stephens — and one can survey Baldwin ’s twenty - odd - year film career without finding a fully persuasive rendering of happiness .
One has to be satisfied with flared nostrils and a dangerous flash of teeth .
“ It saves energy and makes me feel holier . ” Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
In 1990 , in a big step up , Baldwin played Jack Ryan in “ The Hunt for Red October , ” the submarine thriller .
The film eventually made two hundred million dollars .
That success brought Baldwin the first of many invitations to guest - host “ Saturday Night Live ” — so launching an admired secondary career as a mimic , and a parodist of such alpha males as Robert De Niro .
( For many years , this skill was quite segregated from his day job as an alpha male . )
In Hollywood , the success of “ Red October ” earned him “ an all - access pass that lasts for five years , ” Baldwin recently said .
“ You have to capitalize .
And , if the movies you make do n’t make money in that period , your pass expires . ”
In Baldwin ’s estimation , it did expire .
First , “ Patriot Games , ” the sequel to “ Red October , ” slipped away from him — he had a conflicting offer to play Stanley Kowalski in “ A Streetcar Named Desire ” on Broadway , and , as Billy Baldwin described the negotiations , “ to a certain extent , he played chicken . ”
Alec Baldwin ’s view is that he was n’t reckless ; rather , the sequel ’s producers already had their eyes on another actor .
Either way , in both “ Patriot Games ” and “ Clear and Present Danger , ” Jack Ryan was played by Harrison Ford .
( In the Times , Frank Rich described Baldwin ’s Stanley , in “ Streetcar , ” as “ the first I ’ve seen that does n’t leave one longing for Mr. Brando . ” )
A newspaper publishes its views on current events -- both local and national -- on its editorial page .
This is where letters to the editor , political cartoons , and editorials -- unsigned commentary that reflects the collective position of the newspaper 's editorial board -- appear .
Letters are often among the best - read section of any newspaper , for this is where readers express their opinions .
Some newspapers limit letters to a certain number of words – maybe 150 or 300 -- while others publish letters of virtually any length .
Editorials are not news , but rather reasoned opinion based on facts .
For example , editorials may criticize the performance of public officials such as the mayor , the police chief or the local school board ; conversely , editorials may praise others for their civic contributions .
Whatever the topic , newspapers hope their editorials will raise the level of community discourse .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Also under the " editorial " umbrella are the op - ed pieces .
Op-ed is a contraction of " opposite the editorial " page ( not " opinion editorial , " a common misconception ) [ source : Boston Globe ] .
Op -eds run on the page opposite the editorial page and often publish opinion articles written by people not employed by the newspaper [ source : Boston Globe ] .
For instance , The Wall Street Journal published an op - ed by U.S. President Barack Obama in January 2011 that discussed his administration 's views on government regulation , and the world learned of actress Angelina Jolie 's double mastectomy via an op - ed she wrote for The New York Times in May 2013 [ sources : Parramore , Jolie ] .
The editorial pages are under the direction of an editor outside the news division .
Newspaper people call this " separation of church and state , " meaning there is a line between news and opinion that must not be crossed .
To do so strips a newspaper of its most valuable asset -- credibility .
For that reason , editorial - page editors at some large newspapers report to the publisher , who is the chief executive officer of the company , and not to the executive editor .
Other newspapers may have their editorial - page editor reporting to the executive editor .
Whatever the organizational model , though , neither department can tell the other what to publish in the newspaper .
Which brings us to another insulated department in newspaper publishing : advertising .
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet
Monday , September 29 , 2008
Congresswoman Marcy Kaptur boldly slammed the bailout bill this past weekend as the work of criminal insiders who have shut down the normal legislative process to commit “ high financial crimes ” and defraud the American people , while Rep. Michael Burgess warns that “ martial law ” has been declared .
The two Congress members are part of a growing minority of representatives sounding the alarm about the dictatorial nature of the bailout bill , which is expected to be up for a vote in the House today , with most in Congress having not had the opportunity to even read the legislation .
The bill is expected to reach the Senate on Wednesday as a raft of outraged politicians cry foul about being strong - armed and accused of being unpatriotic for opposing the carte - blanche passage of a piece of legislation that fundamentally centralizes control of the financial infrastructure of the country into the hands of the government and the Federal Reserve .
“ We are Constitutionally sworn to protect and defend this Republic against all enemies foreign and domestic .
And my friends there are enemies , ” Kaptur told the House floor .
“ The people pushing this deal are the very ones who are responsible for the implosion on Wall Street .
They were fraudulent then and they are fraudulent now . ”
“ My message to the American people do n’t let Congress seal this deal .
High financial crimes have been committed , ” added the Democrat from Ohio .
“ The normal legislative process has been shelved .
Only a few insiders are doing the dealing , sounds like insider trading to me .
These criminals have so much political power than can shut down the normal legislative process of the highest law making body of this land , ” Kaptur concluded .
Elsewhere , Rep. Michael Burgess ( R - TX ) said that the only information he had received about the bailout was what talking points to use on the American people and that he had been thrown out of meetings for not blindly supporting the bill .
Ominously , Burgess also comments , “ Mr. Speaker I understand we are under Martial Law as declared by the speaker last night . ”
Absent any proper hearings concerning the legislation , Burgess called for the legislation to at least be posted on the Internet for 24 hours so that the American people could “ see what we have done in the dark of night . ”
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
( Natural News ) Toxic chemicals used in nonstick coatings and stain - resistant fabrics were found in the breast milk of every woman tested in a recent study conducted by researchers from the University of Massachusetts at Amherst .
Researchers tested the milk from 45 different nursing mothers for two different varieties of perflourinated compounds ( PFCs ) : perfluorooctane sulfonate ( PFOS ) and perfluorooctanoic acid ( PFOA ) , also known as C8 .
PFOA is used in nonstick coatings such as Teflon , while PFOS is an ingredient in stain - resistant fabric .
PFCs were found in the milk of every woman tested , at an average concentration of 131 billionths of a gram of PFOS and 44 billionths of a gram of PFOA per liter .
The researchers said that this concentration would expose infants to PFC levels below the maximum set by the British Food Standards Agency Committee , but noted that infants may also be exposed to PFCs from other sources .
" Breast milk should be considered as an additional source of PFCs when determining a child 's [ total ] exposure , " researcher Kathleen Arcaro said .
She urged parents to keep in mind that breastfeeding still provides important nutritional and immune system benefits to infants .
The researchers also found that concentrations of PFCs in the milk of women who were nursing for the first time actually increased during the first six months of nursing .
" This may be related to increased food intake to meet the energy demands of nursing , and changes in food consumption patterns , " said Arcaro .
" In a Canadian study , diet was shown to contribute 61 percent of a person 's total daily [ PFC ] intake . "
PFCs are persistent organic pollutants that resist environmental breakdown and instead accumulate in the bodies of living beings , including humans .
Research has linked them to cancers , birth and developmental defects and disruptions of the hormonal system .
They have been found in the blood of most adults tested around the world .
Prior studies have also found that unborn children may absorb PFCs through their mother 's blood .
The United States has not set any regulations for exposure to PFCs .
Sources for this story include : wvgazette.com .
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
The sex and drugs scandal revealed earlier this week at the Interior Department may be just the start .
A Government Accountability
Office study set for release Friday says the department lacks basic procedures for monitoring the oil industry , and that these shortfalls could be cheating taxpayers out of billions of dollars in revenue .
CNN received a draft of the report on Thursday .
The Interior Department tracks production from the energy industry and collects royalties based on that output .
Oil and gas royalties are the federal government 's second - largest source of revenue , after tax collections .
In fiscal year 2007 , the Department of Interior 's Minerals Management Service ( MMS ) collected the equivalent of $ 9 billion in oil and gas royalties - some of which was shared with states as well as Native American tribes .
On Wednesday , a report by the Interior Department 's Inspector General found MMS staffers in Colorado were having sex and engaging in illegal drug use with employees of some of those oil companies .
The investigation also found an MMS supervisor had sex with two subordinates and engaged in illegal drug use with at least one of them .
But the GAO study suggests that scandal might be more far reaching .
The department 's failure to consistently check oil - company supplied production data , the report found , " raises questions about the accuracy of royalty payments . "
The study 's author , Frank Rusco , acting director of natural resources and environment at the GAO , said , " there are significant risks when you 're relying on self - reported information . "
Rusco added that there is third - party data they could use to check the production amounts .
The GAO report also found MMS is not inspecting many meters that measure oil and gas production , and sometimes does n't know when oil companies fail to submit royalty reports .
" As a result , MMS cannot be entirely confident that it is receiving all the royalties when they are due , " the study concluded .
" This report shows that the U.S. has one of the most lenient royalty collection systems in the world and calls into question whether taxpayers are getting a fair return for the resources they own , " said Rep. Nick Rahall , D - West Virginia and chairman of the House Natural Resources Committee .
GAO previously found MMS failed to properly track precisely how much oil was being transferred into the Strategic Petroleum Reserve .
" We found there is n't good coordination between the Department of Energy and MMS in terms of handover oil and the accounting for how much was handed over , " said Rusco .
De Telegraaf front page says sources inside AVID helped CIA map air attack
Steve Watson
Infowars.net
Friday , August 29 , 2008
The biggest Newspaper in the Netherlands today devotes its front page to news that the Dutch intelligence agency has helped the CIA prepare for an air attack on Iran which it now believes is imminent .
AVID , Holland ’s military intelligence service , has pulled back from operations it was carrying out inside Iran as it believes an American led attack will go ahead within weeks according to De Telegraaf ’s sources .
The headline reads :
“ AIVD is calling back spy because of US plans
ATTACK ON IRAN IMMINENT ”
De Telegraaf reports that the decision has already been made by the U.S .
to attack Iran using unmanned aircraft .
Potential targets are said to be nuclear facilities and military installations .
The latter have been mapped by the CIA with the help of the Dutch secret service .
For the full story , visit Infowars.net .
This article was posted : Friday , August 29 , 2008 at 10:08 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
AHP AlphaTIG 200X Testimonial
AHP is a bit of a failure worldwide of welding .
Still , where they do not have name recall , they offset by getting on the reducing side of innovation .
AHP offers an updated model apparently each year to the factor anywhere they have slowly progressed to grow a market leader , taking the Japanese " Kaizen " method of constant enhancement .
The 2017 AHP AlphaTIG 200X is the ideal blend of quality artistry and advancing current technology .
It is usually utilized when welding thin metals like aluminum .
Pulsing can be done rising use of a foot pedal / lantern button or by a setting the welder itself .
There are many causes why you would require to make use of pulse control .
Using a clutch , you could measure the amperage accurately you 're putting out as you link to make sure the precise quantity is practiced .
Using the oscillation setup you can control the amount of filler metal you include providing visually exciting welds .
If you are welding in an uncomfortable spot with very little room for handling , pulsing is a way to help slide you along the bead .
With plenty of programs , TIG welders could bond at rates of 150 pulses per second .
It can save a ton of time at the end of the day .
When you require obtaining a nice reliable weld on a side , a pulse is a method to go .
The new and enhanced TIG torch is created from regular quality plastic , and the liner is twisted for added durability .
While it 's still not the best high class , it serves .
Both TIG and tig welder
This twin system welder is capable of welding both TIG and sticks , giving it among the most flexible welders prepared today .
The AHP AlphaTIG 200X is capable of welding a substantial variety of elements extending from wafer thin lightweight aluminum foil to 3/8 ″ steel plate .
TIG and stick are significantly various processes , but with this one device , you could weld nearly anything .
Utilized regularly for thin covering irons , TIG welding is one of one of the most challenging statements to find out .
Though , as soon as you recognize ways to do it , you 'll be capable of making aesthetically beautiful welds that look like they belong in a gallery .
The AlphaTIG has an amperage range of 10-- 200 .
Attach -
If you 're welding sturdy steel with little respect to how it regards , the rod is the method to go .
You can use 7018 or 6013 you could weld up to 3/8 ″ mild steel on first order .
Forward inverter latest technology with PWM + IGBT
It is the AHP AlphaTIG 200X truly sparkles .
Ever before question how they can fit a lot of power into such a little box ?
Making use of first inverter technology , this rig can output a constant 200 amps of power while staying as lightweight and compact as ever before .
An inverter varies from a transformer not merely in dimension and movement though even ineffectiveness and amount of energy applied .
In the future , inverter welders are many more compelling .
An artist 's illustration by Mafic Studios , Inc. of a solar power satellite in Earth orbit .
This story was updated at 3:13 p.m. EDT .
WASHINGTON —
A former NASA scientist has used radio waves to transmit solar power adistance of 92 miles ( 148 km ) between two Hawaiian islands , an achievement thathe says proves the technology exists to beam solar power from satellites backto Earth .
JohnC .
Mankins demonstrated the solarpower transmission for the Discovery Channel , which paid for the four monthexperiment and will broadcast the results Friday at 9 p.m. EDT .
His vision isto transmit solar power collected by orbiting satellites as large as 1,102 pounds ( 500 kg ) to lake - sized receiver stations on Earth .
Mankins , who worked at NASA for 25 years and managed the agency 's space - based solarprogram before it was disbanded , transmitted 20 watts of power between the twoislands in May .
The receivers , however , were so small that less than oneone - thousandth of a percent of the power was received , Mankins said .
Theexperiment cost about $ 1 million , and Mankins said largerarrays could be constructed with more money .
Eachof the nine solar panels used was built to transmit about 20 watts of power , but the transmission was scaled back to two watts per panel in order to obtainU.S. Federal Aviation Administration approval for the test .
Despitethe miniscule reception on the receiving end , Mankins said the ground - basedtest proved it is possible to transmit solar power through the atmosphere .
" Thetest was in no way fully successful , " he said .
" I think it showed itis possible to transmit solar power quickly and affordably . "
The Discovery Channel will highlight the solar power beamingexperiment Friday , Sept. 12 in ?
Discovery Project Earth : Orbital Power Plant .? ?
Checklocal listings .
( NaturalNews ) General Motors ( GM ) has invested in a startup company dedicated to the production of ethanol from waste products , chief executive officer ( CEO ) Rick Wagoner announced at the North American International Auto Show in Detroit .
Wagoner said that GM has purchased an equity stake in Coskata , a company that aims to synthesize ethanol from crop waste , scrap plastic , rubber , wood chips and even regular garbage .
He did not say how big a stake the company had purchased .
GM has already invested in the production of so - called " flex - fuel " vehicles , which are capable of running either on standard gasoline , gasoline with 10 percent ethanol , or an 85 - 15 ethanol - gasoline mix .
Coskata says that it has already developed a process for producing ethanol from waste , but has yet to link every step in the process into an industrial manufacturing plant .
A pilot - scale plan is due to be built in Illinois this year .
The company uses a two - step process , which begins when the feedstock ( formerly waste ) is cooked into a synthesis gas , which is made from a mix of hydrogen and carbon monoxide .
This gas is then processed by means of bacteria that consume synthesis gas and excrete ethanol as a waste product .
According to Coskata , this hybrid process produces 100 gallons of ethanol per ton of raw material , a higher output than any other process , and uses less electricity and natural gas .
Other advantages include a much cheaper feedstock than corn , and one that is available all over the country .
This availability would allow for the construction of ethanol plants anywhere in the country , eliminating the high costs and logistical problems currently facing ethanol shipment .
According to Coskata CEO William Roe , " Coskata ethanol should be 50 cents to $ 1 cheaper than gasoline at the pump " once the company has achieved full production .
The company expects to achieve this point by the year 2011 .
- video encodings still in process -
Vietnam Vets Against McCain : For political purposes , McCain wishes to keep info about his POW captivity classified .
McCain also DOES NOT support the ongoing efforts to track down POW 's still kept in captivity .
In contrast , Ron Paul supports the POW's and has been endorsed by John Holland , a co-founder of the Rolling Thunder organization which lobbies in support of POW and MIA American soldiers
Shares of Apple bled more than 17 percent of their value in Monday morning trading on the Nasdaq stock market after analysts for investment banks Morgan Stanley and RBC Capital both downgraded their outlook on the company , citing a worsening consumer environment .
Morgan Stanley
Morgan Stanley analyst Katy Huberty cited three primary concerns while downgrading shares from Overweight to Equal - weight , and cutting her fiscal 2009 per -share earnings growth estimate to 6 percent — 9 percent below the Street 's 15.5 percent consensus target .
First , she said , PC unit growth is decelerating to the point where the remaining growth opportunities largely exist in the sub - $ 1,000 market , a segment where Apple does n't yet compete .
The analyst also outlined a new series of performance scenarios where the best case would have the company 's per-share earnings growth decelerating " meaningfully " from levels reported at the end of the June quarter .
She now expects December quarter per-share earnings to decline 8 percent year - over - year , compared to the 29 percent growth witnessed during the June quarter .
" Lastly , we believe multiples for high growth stocks will continue to compress in the current environment and , in the context of our 6 % fiscal 2009 per -share earnings growth assumption , we donât believe Apple is immune to this trend , " Huberty wrote .
She cut her price target on the Mac maker 's shares from $ 178 to $ 115 .
RBC Capital Markets
Over at the Royal Bank of Canada , analyst Mike Abramsky downgraded Apple shares to Sector Perform from Outperform , citing a " worsening consumer spending environment " that has led to reduced visibility to growth and margins , as well as elevated risk to valuation .
In particular , he pointed to his firm 's most recent Changewave study that shows Mac purchase intentions suddenly moderating , with 29 % intending to purchase a Mac laptop next 90 days ( down from 34 % in August ) and 26 % intending to purchase a Mac desktop ( down from 30 % in August ) .
" These are the biggest declines in 2 - 1 / 2 years , " he wrote , adding that a separate Changewave study of 4,100 respondents revealed that 40 % of consumers plan on spending less on electronics next 90 days , which is " the weakest outlook ever seen . "
While Abramsky is a firm believer that Mac momentum remains strong , he modeled his 3 million unit September quarter estimate down to 2.9 million units , and said he sees elevated risk for disappointing guidance from the company for its holiday quarter .
Still , the analyst expects the company to report sales of 14 million iPhones in 2008 , 24 million in 2009 , and see its shares of the PC market rise to 4.1 percent by the end of 2009 .
Abramsky , who cut his price target on Apple shares to $ 140 from $ 200 , suggested the company could use some of its $ 21 billion in cash to repurchase about 5 percent of its outstanding shares " without significantly impacting its financial position and return to shareholders some of its expected strong fiscal 2009 / 2010 cashflow . "
I spent the afternoon playing around with Google Gears in order to get a basic feel for how it works .
Specifically , I wanted to see how much work it would take to add support for offline viewing for tostring .org ( an online book site ) .
I used the Gears LocalServer API which “ allows a web application to cache and serve its HTTP resources locally , without a network connection ” .
The implementation can be though of as a small web server that intercepts requests for remote resources and serves them ( seamlessly ) from a local cache .
This has a couple of advantages :
Can access content offline
Even when online , content is pulled from cache , so access is very fast
The main disadvantages are related to # 2 .
Since content is pulled from the local cache , even when online , users may view stale content .
This can also make it a bit of a hassle to develop , as you have to remember to clear the Gears cache of the content when trying to view changes .
Gears will periodically check for updated content and sync anything that is updated .
It also provides an API to allow developers to force checks for new content , as well as fine grained control over what content is cached / synced locally .
It took me most of the afternoon to implement the functionality , but the vast majority of that time was spent writing python and Django code ( which I was a little rusty on ) , and learning some of the jQuery JavaScript library which I used to provide visual feedback while the syncing was occurring .
The actual Gears implementation was pretty trivial and took maybe a total of 30 minutes ( which included learning the APIs and implementing them ) .
Here is the complete JavaScript code ( half of which provides feedback to the user while the pages are being synced ) .
function has Gears ( ) { return ( window .
google && google .
gears ) ; } function updateProgressField ( msg ) { $ ( ' # progress ' ) . text ( msg ) ; } function onSyncProgress ( event ) { updateProgressField ( Math . ceil ( ( ( event .
filesComplete / event . filesTotal ) * 100 ) ) + " % " ) ; } function onSyncComplete ( ) { updateProgressField ( " Sync Complete . " ) ; } function onSyncError ( event ) { updateProgressField ( " Error Syncing . " ) ; } function storeForOffline ( ) { var localServer = google .
gears .
factory .
create ( ' beta.localserver ' ) ; var store = localServer .
createManagedStore ( ' tostring - store ' ) ; store .
manifestUrl = ' / gearsmanifest ' ; store .
onerror = onSyncError ; store .
oncomplete = onSyncComplete ; store .
onprogress = onSyncProgress store . checkForUpdate ( ) ; } function onStoreClick ( event ) { event .
preventDefault ( ) ; storeForOffline ( ) ; } function onReady ( ) { if ( has Gears ( ) ) { $ ( " # offline_span " ) . css ( " visibility " , " visible " ) ; $ ( " # offline_span " ) . click ( onStoreClick ) ; } } $ ( document ) . ready ( onReady ) ;
When a user who has Gears installed visits the site they are be presented with a link titled “ Save Offline ” ( top right ) .
Users who do not have Gears will not see this link .
If the user clicks the link , they are presented with a Gears dialog asking for permission ( I can customize this , but did not ) .
If they allow the action , then the Gears library loads a JSON based manifest file with information on how the site should be synced ( including which specific resources should be included ) .
You can view the full manifest for tostring .org at :
http://www.tostring.org/gearsmanifest
Here is a snippet :
{ " betaManifestVersion " : 1 , " version " : " 2008-08-27 14:18:04 " , " entries " : [ { " url " : " / " } , { " url " : " / translating / " } , { " url " : " / about / " } , { " url " : " /dmedia/books/scripts/grids-min.css " } , { " url " : " /dmedia/books/css/styles.css " } , { " url " : " /dmedia/books/scripts/jquery.min.js " } , { " url " : " / books/adobe-air-for-javascript-developers-pocketguide/1.0/sv/introduktion-till-adobe-air / " } , ]}
Gears remembers the version string , and periodically checks to see if it has changed .
If it has , it will resync the content ( you can do some more advanced stuff with server responses to tell Gears that a particular piece of content has not been updated ) .
While the content is syncing , I present a small progress indicator to the user .
Once the sync is complete , the content is viewed from the cache , regardless of whether the user is online or offline .
You can test this in Firefox via File > Work Offline .
All in all , it was very easy to implement and I am impressed with the results .
Couple of issues :
There does not appear to be a way to detect whether the page is running online or offline , and it doesnt look like Google plans to add it .
It is definitely a tricky problem , but I think that Adobe AIR handles it well , and at least makes it easier for the develop .
There is not a way to detect whether content has already been cached ( at least not without prompting another security dialog )
There is no indication or UI indicating whether you are viewing “ live ” content or cached content .
You can only cache / sync pages from the same domain that the web page originated from .
This means is you are loading any remote libraries or resources ( such as remote JavaScript libraries ) , you will need to start hosting them yourself if you want them to be synced with your content .
It seems that calling any of the APIs will result in a security / permission dialog being raised ( even though some of the docs suggest otherwise ) .
Which ist the best experience when using multiple APIs .
One interesting thing about the API is that it can be used for more than just making web content available offline .
You could also use to to cache frequently used assets to :
Speed of loading of web pages and applications
Reduce load and bandwith on the server
Indeed , WordPress is using Gears to help make their admin application more responsive .
The next step will be to add a desktop shortcut for the application using the Desktop API .
This also looks to be pretty trivial although I am concerned that the user might be presented with two permission dialogs .
If you have Gears installed , you can see this example in action at tostring.org .
If you have any questions or suggestions , or find any errors in my code ( likely ) , then post them in the comments .
The band was rehearsing at Andy Warhol ’s place in Montauk , at the end of Long Island , and I went out there for a month or so , and then there was a break and the tour started in June .
I was very naïve .
I brought my tennis racket with me .
I thought that maybe as we went from city to city I would take tennis lessons .
I did n’t know what I was getting myself into .
They were paying me a few hundred dollars a week and I was supposed to create publicity pictures , but I only managed to get a few out the first day and that was it .
I was never up during the day again .
I was always with the band .
At the time , I thought that the way to get the best work was to become a chameleon .
To become so much a part of what was going on that no one would notice you were there .
It was unbelievably stupid of me to pick that situation to become part of .
I did everything you ’re supposed to do when you go on tour with the Rolling Stones .
It was the first time in my life that something took me over .
A rock ‘ n ’ roll tour is unnatural .
You ’re moving through time and space too fast .
The experience is extreme .
There is the bigness of the performances and then the isolation and loneliness that follows .
The band was like a group of lost boys , but their music saved them .
It gave them a reason to exist .
When they were n’t on tour they did n’t spend that much time together .
On the road they worked .
It was the first time in my life — and I ’d been at Rolling Stone for five years by then — that I saw how music is made .
I saw how it is produced organically .
The riffs I heard in hotel rooms during the tour were the songs on the next album — “ Memory Motel , ” “ Fool to Cry . ”
The photograph that is emblematic of the 1975 tour for me is the one of Mick in the elevator .
It was toward the end of the tour , and he was not on the ground .
He was flying .
From another world .
He was the most beautiful object .
Like a butterfly .
Ethereal .
After all the time on the road , his dancing was very loose .
It was almost surreal .
I was always aware of where Mick was .
What might have seemed like a nuisance to him became a source of comfort .
To know that I was somewhere nearby .
It was a subject - photographer relationship of an obsessive kind .
I remember him saying that I should tell him if I wanted him to be at a specific place on the stage at any point in the show , but I found that too daunting .
I could n’t think of anything for him to do that he was n’t already doing .
At the end of the performances , the band would do two or three encores that had been planned .
Nothing was ad - libbed .
They were professional in a way I had n’t seen until then .
They ’d been doing it awhile .
After the last encore , when everyone in the audience thought they were coming onstage again , they would get out of Dodge .
Mick dumped several pails of water on his head every night as part of the show and he would leave the stage totally wet , with his eye makeup running .
He wrapped himself up in towels and jumped in the car .
Usually the band went straight to the plane , but we were staying in town the night I photographed him in the elevator .
The picture was taken on the way up to Mick ’s room .
He and I were alone .
We were on some level out of it .
Not because of drugs , but because of all that travel , and sleep deprivation , and the exertion of the performances .
It does n't matter that Sarah Palin could n't answer Charlie Gibson 's question about the Bush Doctrine , because she is the Bush Doctrine .
Download Download
Stewart : " Now I know her detractors will say that Palin actually supported the bridge until it became a political albatross and ended up keeping a lot of the money for it anyway ;
That she claimed to have visited Iraq when she really did n't ;
Or that she did n't really sell that plane on eBay ;
Or that she left the town she was mayor of $ 20 million dollars in debt ;
And that she made sure that women who were raped were charged for their rape kits . "
[ Audience boos ]
Stewart : " Yea . Yea , it 's f*cking true . "
[...]
HOUSTON 
While most large American cities have started ambitious recycling programs that have sharply reduced the amount of trash bound for landfills , Houston has not .
The city ’s shimmering skyline may wear the label of the world ’s energy capital , but deep in Houston ’s Dumpsters lies a less glamorous superlative :
It is the worst recycler among the United States ’ 30 largest cities .
Houston recycles just 2.6 percent of its total waste , according to a study this year by Waste News , a trade magazine .
By comparison , San Francisco and New York recycle 69 percent and 34 percent of their waste respectively .
Moreover , 25,000 Houston residents have been waiting as long as 10 years to get recycling bins from the city .
Environmental advocates are pleading for municipal intervention .
And some small improvements  an organic waste program , for one  are expected soon .
- Search - Users Labs Protocols News Archive Blog Archive Forum
Search
Firefox
Internet Explorer 7
Safari ( Mac and PC )
You are not using a standards compliant browser .
Because of this you may notice minor glitches in the rendering of this page .
Please upgrade to a compliant browser for optimal viewing :
Press Release
Air - purifying church windows early nanotechnology
Thanks to Queensland University of Technology for this article .
This press release was posted to serve as a topic for discussion .
Please comment below .
We try our best to only post press releases that are associated with peer reviewed scientific literature .
Critical discussions of the research are appreciated .
If you need help finding a link to the original article , please contact us on twitter or via e-mail .
Comments Page : 1
Guest Comment Thu , Aug 21 , 2008 , 10:59 am CDT " volatile organic chemical ( VOCs ) , which may often come from new furniture , carpets and paint in good condition . "
Um , exactly what chemicals were around in medieval times ?
Brian Krueger , PhD
Columbia University Medical Center Columbia University Medical Center Thu , Aug 21 , 2008 , 11:13 am CDT
He said tiny particles of gold , energised by the sun , were able to destroy air - borne pollutants like volatile organic chemicals .
Ancient wood stains may also have VOCs , but maybe that 's a stretch ;) BCL
Guest Comment Thu , Aug 21 , 2008 , 11:21 am CDT VOCs have been around for as long as there has been life on earth ( and even before ) .
Only liberal ecoterrorist fools think that " chemicals " were only invented in modern times by evil scientists .
The gold acts as a a catylist to accelerate the normal breakdown of the chemicals .
No big news here , as that is what would be expected of any noble metal .
Brian Krueger , PhD
Columbia University Medical Center Columbia University Medical Center Thu , Aug 21 , 2008 , 12:51 pm CDT
Well , it 's almost as obnoxious as a story posted above this that 's about " organic " pesticides .
Like chemical pesticides produced by other plants are any less dangerous than human made ones .
GUEST COMMENT said : Well , it 's almost as obnoxious as a story posted above this that 's about " organic " pesticides .
Like chemical pesticides produced by other plants are any less dangerous than human made ones .
Guest Comment Fri , Aug 22 , 2008 , 11:44 pm CDT
When rudimentary things such as makeup as far back as Egypt had things like mercury and white lead in them ( without knowing ) , things such as stains or glues in the Middle Ages would doubtless have some kind of complicated chemicals or some compounds , even if completely misunderstood , in them .
Page : 1 Add Comment ?
Comments are closed 2 weeks after initial post .
This press release has been viewed 14207 time (s ) .
As soon as the alarm is set off , 15 litres of compressed air are injected into the inflatable pads - puffing them up to protect the most vulnerable parts of the body .
* Illustration : Jason Lee * Run : Jogging in place with a Wiimote in your back pocket is n't really going to buff you up anyway , so why not lie on the couch while you " work out " ?
When prompted to run , bounce the pointer end of the Wiimote against your leg at a steady clip .
The Jackknife Crunch :
This move involves lifting your shoulders and legs off the ground — great for the abs .
For a workout you can stomach more easily , sit on the couch with the Wii balance board beneath your soles .
Lift up your feet when prompted .
Bask in the AI 's praise .
Skiing : Zigging and zagging through this slalom course requires great physical agility .
But if you had that , you would n't be inside playing Wii , would you ?
So sit on the balance board and tilt forward until your skier digs in .
Lean left and right to hit the gates .
Your lower center of gravity will help you slice through the powder .
*— *
Play Previous : Ditch the Joystick and Go Voice Commando With Tom Clancy 's EndWar Next : The Anatomy of a Motorcade , from Sweepers to Rear Guard
“ 1984 , ”
“ In order to bring a nation to support the burdens of great military establishments , it is necessary to create an emotional state akin to psychology .
There must be the portrayal of external menace .
This involves the development of a nation - hero , nation - villain ideology and the arousing of the population to a sense of sacrifice . ”
“ This war may last for the rest of our lives . ”
“ national interest . ”
“ labyrinthine world of doublethink …
“ to believe that democracy was impossible , and that the party was the guardian of democracy . ”
" sacrifice our ideals in order to preserve them . "
“ hated ”
“ the threat from Iran is , of course , their stated objective to destroy our strong ally Israel .
That ’s a threat , a serious threat .
It ’s a threat to world peace . ”
“ wipe Israel off the map . ”
“ continuous war ”
HONG KONG 
Faced with increasingly severe fuel shortages and the prospect of power failures during the summer air - conditioning season , the Chinese government unexpectedly announced sharp increases late Thursday night in regulated prices for gasoline , diesel and electricity .
The increases are the latest sign of how China ’s integration into the global marketplace has limited the flexibility of the country ’s leaders in responding to economic crises .
The government has come under intense pressure recently from both environmentalists and other governments to ease up on its fuel subsidies , which are blamed for distorting global markets , encouraging greater consumption and pushing oil prices higher for other nations .
The government , like many around the world , has struggled to keep up those subsidies as oil prices have spiked in recent months .
Finally , despite fears that it will spur inflation , the government raised the retail price of diesel by 18 percent , to the equivalent of $ 3.58 a gallon , and the price of gasoline by 16 percent , to $ 3.83 a gallon .
Electricity tariffs and the price of jet fuel were also raised .
Want the Blog Post Planner and Calendar ?
It ’s in the Content Library of our free Mighty Networks community .
Click here to join !
One of the great things about blogs is that some of the best posts come from the spur of the moment .
An intense idea hits you and you crank it out , hit “ Publish , ” and sit back and watch your page views skyrocket while you enjoy a frothy , calorie - laden beverage .
There are a lot of times , though , where having a general plan for what you ’re going to write can help your blog immensely .
This is especially true if you ’re pressed for time and can only write a few posts a week .
Planning , writing , and preposting allows you to maintain quality in your writing without you pulling your hair out trying to manage your blog and your life at the same time .
It also ensures that your blog has continuity in voice and content .
In other words , planning , writing , and preposting prevents you from having a CrackerJack box of a blog like my own .
You never know what you ’re going to get here until you open the box , and sometimes the surprise is really lame .
I blame the frothy beverages .
I started creating these planners based on my own struggles to keep my posts going at an acceptable level of quality while I was adjusting to my new job .
The basic ideas worked pretty well – the execution of the plan is a completely different matter …
How to Use These Planners
Over in our free Mighty Networks community , you ’ll be able to see and download these planners .
The first is for the Blog Post Planner ( the brainstorming planner ) , the Blog Post Calendar ( the date - based planner ) , and a combo download that has them sandwiched together .
Pick up whichever you ’d like .
They ’re free and you do n’t have to sign up for anything .
A set ?
Why two ?
Because they appeal to different sides of the brain .
Either one could be used independent of the other , but they ’re stronger together .
The Blog Post Planner : Figuring Out What You ’re Going to Write
The Blog Post Planner helps when you have a general idea of what you ’re going to write but do n’t know when you ’re going to write it .
The meat of the this particular aid looks like this :
In the upper right hand corner of the block , you ’ll see “ Category / Type . ”
This could be anything from a category of a post , like Productivity or Flourishing , or it could be a type of post , like a link - bait , how - to , or review .
You choose , based on how you think about the posts you write – but Problogger gives some good ideas for blogging themes .
The lines have “ Topic / Title ” and “ Scheduled . ”
Some folks write posts by coming up with titles first , others write it by topic and figure out a title later ( I ’m in the latter camp ) .
Either way works fine , and this block should have enough information to separate one post from another .
“ Scheduled ” could be either for the date it ’s scheduled ( the mini - calendar at the top should help with this ) or it could be a simple yes / no if you want to leave things open .
Pick the technique that works best for you and run with it .
The little oval check block is there solely for motivation and satisfaction .
When you write the post , check it off , and you ’re good to go .
Satisfaction without stickiness or weight gain – what a steal !
I ’ve tried to leave enough variability on this aid to appeal to different ways of generating blog posts .
Let me know if this is too confusing and I ’ll fix it up in later versions .
The Blog Post Calendar : Figuring Out When You ’re Going to Write That Killer Post
The Blog Post Calendar is for the more left - brained of us .
I use it after I ’ve done the post planner , since it helps me fill in the “ what ” with the “ when . ”
It also has the advantage of being much easier to describe , since all of the terms mean the same things as above .
The most subtle advantage of the calendar is that it gives you the ability to see how posts are linking together .
You may notice that one post would make more sense if it were posted after another one , so you ’ll be able to make the switch before you write about it .
Another added advantage of the calendar is that it allows you to unroll monetization efforts in a steady , non -“ in - your - face - buy - my - stuff - now ” way .
A rare few of you will be upset that I only have one line for one day .
If you ’re writing multiple posts per day , you ’re probably writing news blogs where you really can’t plan for the news that ’s going to break .
Simply put , you ’ll probably need a different kind of aid .
( Send me a comment , though , and we ’ll talk about a solution that works for you . )
The Method to the Madness
The Blog Post Planner has six blocks with seven lines .
Were you to fill every line in every block , you ’d have 42 posts .
What gives ?
The goal is not to max out the posts , but rather to bring a little order to your writing .
If you want to write once per week on a particular category , then all you need to do is fill up four lines in that block .
The rest are extra just in case your muse wo n’t stop tormenting you giving you ideas .
Both aids in conjunction give you the one - two punch you need for a great blog .
The Blog Post Planner helps you come up with great post ideas , and the Blog Post Calendar helps you spread those great ideas out evenly and regularly .
The end result : your blog provides relevant , organized , and well - thought out content on a regular , somewhat predictable schedule .
No more lame CrackerJack surprises !
Are n’t There Already Planning Tools for Bloggers Out There Already ?
At the time I started designing these planners , the link to Andy Wibbel ’s editorial calendar was down .
He ’s created an Excel - spreadsheet based editorial calendar that those of you who like working in spreadsheets may like .
The particular version I downloaded has n’t been updated in a while – but run over and check out Andy Wibbel ’s editorial calendar to see if it fits your needs .
I ’ve made no secret , though , of how I think paper - based tools for brainstorming are better than digital ones , so I designed these to fill that void between the creative mind and the capturing technique needed to channel that creativity .
Want the Blog Post Planner and Calendar ?
It ’s in the Content Library of our free Mighty Networks community .
Click here to join !
Click this image to start demos .
Note that it takes long time to load the page .
Left - click to create an object .
Right - click to show next example .
What 's this
Box2DJS is a JavaScript port of Box2D Physics Engine .
To tell the truth , this is converted from Box2DFlashAS3_1.4.3.1 in an automatic manner .
( The reason why not Box2DFlash AS3_2.0.0 based is simply because I overlooked the renewal . )
How to use
Download a zip file and extract it .
Copy js / and lib / directories from the extracted directory to your app directory .
Copy script tags in the header part of index.html in the extacted directory to your html file where you want to simulate physics .
Because this libray does not have a lazy - loading system now , you should load all classes before starting your simulation .
To make things worse , each library has a bit complecated dependency each other so that loading libraries in wrong order may cause a fatal error .
To avoid such a trouble , it is strongly recomended to copy the header part of this file or `index. html ' including the downloaded zip file .
Utilizing Box2D APIs , simulate the newton world as you like .
The Box2DJS APIs are completely same as those of Box2DFlashAS3 .
Please refer information about it .
Sample code
Create a world
var worldAABB = new b2AABB ( ) ; worldAABB.minVertex.Set(-1000 , -1000 ) ; worldAABB.maxVertex.Set( 1000 , 1000 ) ; var gravity = new b2 Ve c2 ( 0 , 300 ) ; var doSleep = true ; var world = new b2 World ( worldAABB , gravity , doSleep ) ;
Create a circle body
var circleSd = new b2CircleDef ( ) ; circleSd.density = 1.0 ; circleSd.radius = 20 ; circleSd.restitution = 1.0 ; circleSd.friction = 0 ; var circleBd = new b2BodyDef ( ) ; circleBd.AddShape(circleSd ) ; circleBd.position .
Set(x , y ) ; var circleBody = world .
CreateBody ( circleBd ) ;
Create a revolute joint
var jointDef = new b2RevoluteJointDef ( ) ; jointDef.anchorPoint.Set(250 , 200 ) ; jointDef.body1 = world.GetGroundBody ( ) ; jointDef.body2 = circleBody ; world . CreateJoint( jointDef ) ;
Step a world
var timeStep = 1.0/60 ; var iteration = 1 ; world .
Step( timeStep , iteration ) ;
Repeat stepping ( for instance )
var ctx ; var canvasWidth ; var canvasHeight ; function step ( cnt ) { world .
Step ( 1.0/60 , 1 ) ; ctx.clearRect(0 , 0 , canvasWidth , canvasHeight ) ; drawWorld ( world , ctx ) ; // see demos/ draw_world.js setTimeout ( ' step ( ' + ( cnt || 0 ) + ' ) ' , 10 ) ; } Event.observe ( window , ' load ' , function ( ) { setupWorld ( world ) ; // as you like ctx = $ ( ' canvas ' ) .getContext ( ' 2d ' ) ; var canvasElm = $ ( ' canvas ' ) ; canvasWidth = parseInt( canvasElm.width ) ; canvasHeight = parseInt( canvasElm.height ) ; step ( ) ; } ) ;
Dependencies
prototype.js
IECanvas ( when you use a canvas tag to display the result of your physics simulation )
Links
Contact
If you have some requests or find any bugs , please tell me about them .
With financial companies , denying that you have a problem sometimes makes investors even more wary than they otherwise might have been .
But with its stock in a free fall this week , Washington Mutual Inc. may have figured it had nothing to lose :
After markets closed Thursday the Seattle thrift issued a statement insisting that it was n’t facing a financial crisis , and implying that it was confident enough about its outlook to set aside less for loan losses this quarter than in the second quarter .
In an unusual update on its finances , WaMu said it expected its capital levels at Sept. 30 to " remain significantly above the levels for well - capitalized institutions , " and that the firm " continues to be confident that it has sufficient liquidity and capital to support its operations while it returns to profitability . "
Yet within hours of the company ’s statement Moody ’s Investors Service and Fitch Ratings both downgraded WaMu ’s credit ratings yet again .
( As Clare Booth Luce once said , " No good deed goes unpunished . " )
WaMu ’s stock has fallen to multiyear lows this week on fears that further mortgage losses could drive the company into insolvency or a forced takeover .
The shares fell as low as $ 1.75 Thursday , but rebounded late in the session ( before WaMu ’s statement ) to close up 51 cents , at $ 2.83 .
The stock still is down 34 % from last Friday and 79 % this year .
The company on Monday ousted its chief executive , Kerry Killinger , after three quarters of losses stemming from surging mortgage defaults .
He was replaced by veteran banking industry executive Alan Fishman of Meridian Capital Group .
" Short sellers " who bet on falling stock prices have been hammering WaMu :
The number of shorted shares rocketed from 274 million in mid-July to 382 million as of Aug. 29 , according to New York Stock Exchange data .
In Thursday ’s statement , WaMu said it expected to set aside about $ 4.5 billion for loan losses in the current quarter , down from $ 5.9 billion in the second quarter .
The loss provision , while smaller , would be almost twice what WaMu actually expected to charge off in the period , it said .
So its total loan loss reserve should grow to $ 10.3 billion by Sept. 30 from $ 8.5 billion at June 30 , the thrift said .
As for its capital cushion , WaMu said :
The company 's tier 1 leverage and total risk - based capital ratios at June 30 , 2008 were 7.76 % , and 13.93 % , respectively , which were significantly above the regulatory requirements for well - capitalized institutions .
The company expects both ratios to remain significantly above the levels for well - capitalized institutions at the end of the third quarter .
But the market clearly does n’t trust WaMu -- otherwise , the stock would n’t be where it is .
Credit - rating firms do n’t have much faith , either .
Moody ’s on Thursday cut WaMu ’s senior unsecured debt rating to the " junk " level of Ba2 , from Baa3 .
Moody ’s said it acted because WaMu faced " reduced financial flexibility , deteriorating asset quality and expected franchise erosion . "
The bond - rater said it expected WaMu to report " future quarters of large losses . "
WaMu , getting in the last word , then issued another statement saying that Moody 's move was " inconsistent with the company 's current financial condition . "
Photo credit : Ted S. Warren / Associated Press
As the fierce lobbying and politicking proceed on the government ’s proposed bailout of banks and other lenders holding iffy paper ( not necessarily related to mortgages , it now appears ) , one thing is perfectly obvious : if you invite people to steal from their fellows , using the government as a middleman , a great many will avail themselves of this opportunity .
The government ’s proposal was originally aimed at aiding commercial and investment banks , ostensibly to relieve the so - called credit crunch .
Other plutocrats resented being left out , however , and they have quickly marshalled their political forces to gain a piece of the action .
As the New York Times reports today , “ nobody wants to be left out of Treasury ’s proposal to buy up bad assets of financial institutions . ”
So , the Times reports , the Financial Services Roundtable is urging that “ a wide variety of institutions should be able to take advantage of the bailout , and that these companies should be able to sell off any investments linked to mortgages . ”
And why , pray tell , “ should ” they have such a privilege ?
Why , simply because the booty is there for the taking , and no one should get it while others go without !
Already the scope of the government ’s proposal has been widened to allow the Treasury to buy not only mortgage - related paper , but “ any other financial instrument . ”
After all , why be stingy , especially considering that it ’s not the Treasury officials ’ own money they ’ll be spending , but yours and mine , dear taxpayer ?
Small banks want the government to buy “ loans they made to home builders and commercial developers . ”
Big banks want certain accounting rules suspended “ to avoid taking big losses on the assets they sell to Treasury . ”
I want a maid , a gardener , a valet , and a cook , along with a few billion dollars to tide me over until my next mistake .
Other bankers are pushing to include municipal securities in the plundering free - for - all , “ as part of a broader effort to restore investor confidence in money market funds ” — and , by the way , to save their own rear ends .
Big financial firms are angling , too , to become the government ’s agents in handling all the “ securities ” it is about the acquire with the $ 700 billion ( or — do n’t be surprised — more ) it will spend to carry out this travesty of saving civilization .
Not to be outdone , the Democrats , ever the friends of the Little Man , are bleating for a broadening of the bailout to reach distressed homeowners directly .
So , the Treasury should not simply absorb the mortgages and other rotten paper in the lenders ’ possession , but also should suspend the contractual obligations of John Q. Deadbeat , who took on a mortgage he could not afford to pay off under the assumption that house prices would rise forever and , if they did n’t , he would simply walk away from his promise to pay , having no equity in his house anyway .
I hold in my sweaty hands a news release from thirty - five “ leading consumer , labor and civil rights groups ” that advocates : “ bailout must include relief for homeowners facing foreclosure , not just Wall Street . ”
This manifesto , which is addressed to “ Dear Member of Congress , ” states :
The undersigned organizations strongly urge you to include court - supervised mortgage restructuring for American homeowners to allow them to save their homes in any legislation that would use our tax dollars to bail out the financial services industry from its self - imposed crisis .
Purchasing subprime and Alt A private securities will not provide the government with any legal ability to modify loans and keep families in their homes , which is necessary to stop the crisis .
We cannot support legislation that fails to help the millions of families in danger of losing their homes , while spending hundreds of billions of dollars of taxpayer money to bail out those who caused the problem .
In other words , the government ’s humongous bailout for fat cats is a looming disaster ; the only way to make it acceptable is to multiply its disastrousness by a factor of two or three .
As for the taxpayers , let them eat cake .
This letter / press release is signed by the usual suspects on the left , including the AFL - CIO , Consumer Federation of America , NAACP , National Council of La Raza , Rainbow Push Coalition , U.S PIRG , and the National Fair Housing Alliance .
It ’s an almost complete list of the groups that faithfully support the Democrat in every election , no matter who or what he or she may be in addition to being the Democrat — a set of groups , in other words , for whom the currently sitting president has never shed a single tear .
No matter .
At times such as the present , when politicians and well - connected interest groups are attempting to stampede the public into acquiescing quietly as it is being plundered mercilessly , everybody with any political clout is a potential looter .
Come one , come all .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - JPMorgan Chase &
Co said it has racked up $ 1.5 billion of losses so far this quarter on mortgage - linked assets , reflecting deepening turmoil in credit markets .
Shares of the third - largest U.S. bank by assets fell 9.5 percent , as investors grew increasingly disappointed with a bank that had largely sidestepped the worst of the credit crunch , and analysts cut their profit estimates .
Chief Executive Jamie Dimon has kept JPMorgan profitable even as rivals such as Citigroup Inc and Merrill Lynch & Co posted a series of multi-billion dollar quarterly losses .
“ If you ’re a huge global trading house , it ’s very hard to hide from the devastation , ” said Steve Persky , chief executive at Dalton Investments in Los Angeles .
JPMorgan ’s shares fell as the broader financial sector dropped .
Lehman Brothers fell 12 percent to $ 16.21 , while Bank of America Corp , Citigroup , and Goldman Sachs all fell more than 6 percent .
JPMorgan revealed the losses in a regulatory filing late Monday .
The bank said trading conditions have “ substantially deteriorated ” in the third quarter , and mortgage - backed securities and loans have weakened .
The New York - based bank also has substantial exposure to credit cards and other consumer debt that looks increasingly vulnerable as the U.S. economy grows slowly .
The Financial Times said JPMorgan was under pressure to write down mortgage assets , in part because of Merrill ’s decision to sell $ 30.6 billion of repackaged debt to a private equity fund at 22 cents on the dollar .
As of June 30 , JPMorgan held $ 19.5 billion of prime and Alt - A mortgage exposure , $ 1.9 billion of subprime mortgage exposure , and $ 11.6 billion of commercial mortgage - backed securities ( CMBS ) exposure , the filing showed .
People walk past the JPMorgan Chase & Co building in New York March 17 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Chip East
“ These mortgage exposures could be adversely affected by worsening market conditions , further deterioration in the housing market and market activity reflecting distressed sellers , ” JPMorgan said .
Loss estimates exclude hedging , it said .
Trading results could also be hit if the bank ’s own debt became more valuable .
That could theoretically make it more expensive to buy back its own debt , resulting in an accounting charge .
Analyst Richard Bove at Ladenburg Thalmann argued that JPMorgan ’s difficulties raised questions about the reason for the bank ’s current mix of businesses .
JPMorgan , formed through a series of acquisitions over the last decade , was supposed to have consumer banking and capital markets businesses that complemented each other : when one was doing poorly , the other was supposed to be doing well .
“ Unfortunately , the first time this concept was tested , it did not work .
Both ( businesses ) seem to be declining in tandem with each other , ” Bove wrote in a note to clients .
Bove cut his estimates for the bank ’s earnings for 2008 through 2010 .
The bank did return calls seeking comment .
JPMorgan shares fell $ 3.97 , or 9.5 percent , to $ 37.92 on the New York Stock Exchange .
CAUTIOUS OUTLOOK
Last month , JPMorgan posted a smaller - than - expected 53 percent decline in quarterly earnings on resilient stock and bond underwriting revenue but cautioned that the mortgage market and the economy were getting worse .
In the filing , JPMorgan said that it expected continued credit deterioration in its consumer portfolio , requiring more reserves for losses , during the rest of 2008 .
It also said home equity charge - offs could keep rising this year , while prime and subprime mortgage net charge - offs would likely rise “ significantly . ”
It said further mortgage deterioration was likely into 2009 .
JPMorgan held $ 16.3 billion of unplaced loans funding buyouts and unfunded commitments for loans as of June 30 , the filing said .
“ Leveraged loans and unfunded commitments are difficult to hedge effectively , and if market conditions further deteriorate , additional markdowns may be necessary , ” it said .
Lehman Brothers
Inc analysts on Tuesday cut their 2008 profit forecast for JPMorgan to $ 2.30 a share from $ 2.60 , but kept an “ overweight ” rating and $ 50 share price target .
Presumably , if there is some kind of bidding process , those limitations , over which the secretary also has considerable discretion , will not apply .
However , institutions that receive $ 300 million or more from the program would face limitations on executive pay .
One of the most important decisions the secretary will make is the price the government pays for securities .
Here again , there is wide discretion .
He is directed to “ make such purchases at the lowest price ” that is “ consistent with the purposes of this act . ”
Those purposes , however , are expansive and leave him room to pay well over the lowest price available if he wishes to do so .
The act is designed to “ restore liquidity and stability to the financial system of the United States ” and protect homeownership , home values and economic growth .
If he concludes that a higher price is needed to provide stability in the financial markets , that is evidently acceptable .
When the Bush administration submitted its original proposal , there was an uproar over the lack of oversight of the secretary ’s actions .
This bill requires frequent reports to Congressional committees , including a Congressional oversight panel ; audits by the comptroller general ; and appointment of an inspector general for the program .
The bill also sets up an oversight board , which is directed to “ ensure that the policies implemented ” by Mr. Paulson are proper .
Mr. Paulson is to be one of the five members of the board watching over his actions , joined by the chairman of the Federal Reserve , the chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission , the Housing Secretary and the director of the Federal Home Finance Agency .
If Mr. Paulson wishes to use his authority to buy financial assets not linked to mortgages , he can do so after consulting the Fed chairman .
But he does not need the approval of the Fed chairman or the oversight board .
The bill does allow legal challenges , but attempts to assure they are quickly handled and that the most important decisions can be challenged only on constitutional grounds , not on the ground that they conflict with some other law .
While the bill does not drop the accounting rule that requires banks to report on the market value of their assets  a rule that some banks believe has forced them to report excessive losses  it gives the S.E.C. permission to suspend the rule for any individual company if it thinks that is in the public ’s interest .
That is likely to lead to intensive lobbying of the commission .
__
Motorola RAZR VE20 __
No one knows how to polish a turd like Motorola .
For proof , look no further than its latest iteration of the storied RAZR family , the VE20 .
While you would n’t know it by glancing at the handset , it ’s actually been four years since the V3 began seducing phone fashionistas who did n’t mind trading a middling feature set for style .
Since then , of course , Motorola has unleashed a great flood of RAZRs onto the market , each an attempt at correcting one of myriad chromosomal deficiencies that plagued the original and its progeny .
With the VE20 , the floundering handset maker more or less continues this MO , adding yet another hasty paint job to what is essentially the same tired old handset .
Indeed , the first thing you ’ll notice about the VE20 is its uncanny similarity to the original RAZR .
Yup , four years later and we still have a 2.2 - inch inner screen — which , even on a flip phone , looks pitifully small these days — a lackluster camera , and pretty much the same design scheme .
The actual useful features on the phone , be it Sprint ’s streaming TV and radio channels , or the GPS navigation suite , are in one way or another crippled or greatly diminished on the handset due to poor implementation or design or both .
In some cases , the VE20 even takes a bold step backward .
Gone , for example , is Motorola ’s music player , which was n’t all that great to begin with .
Instead , we get Sprint ’s Music Store , which is inexplicably even worse .
Similarly , internet browsing remains laughable on the VE20 and half the time Sprint ’s various services ended up crashing on us .
It ’s a shame , really .
While Motorola ’s recent troubles have been well documented , this would in fact be an ideal time to reinvent the one brand that helped lead the company to success , however fleeting .
Instead , Motorola seems content dragging the RAZR through the gutter and slowly draining what little life force remains in the series .
For now , the VE20 serves as yet another embarrassing reminder of how far the rest of the industry has progressed since 2004 — and how Motorola has become a company content just to spin its wheels .
— Bryan Gardiner
WIRED Setting aside its pretensions as a multimedia phone for a moment , the VE20 does its job as a phone quite well .
Call quality was impressive , and voices rang true even in noisy environs .
Battery life was equally noteworthy , with more than 5 hours of talk time .
TIRED Cloudy front screen makes the VE20 look like it suffers from a rare form of cell phone - based glaucoma .
Half - hearted attempt at touch interface on the front screen feels gimmicky and is completely unnecessary .
Dinky inner screen diminishes most ( if not all ) of Sprint ’s useful services and apps — that ’s when they ’re actually working .
Horrendous internet experience .
For some reason , memory card is stuffed behind battery .
It ’s been four years , Motorola .
Do something substantially different with the design already !
$ 100 ( with contract ) , Sprint
( Image by Motorola )
Lieberman increasingly expecting to lose Senate chairmanship after Obama attack John Byrne
Published : Tuesday September 9 , 2008
Print This Email This Senator Joe Lieberman ( I - CT ) expects to lose his position as chairman of the Homeland Security Committee if Democrats pick up four or five additional seats in the Senate , according to his aides , who floated the claim in Tuesday 's Politico .
According to the Connecticut senator 's staff , Democrats are upset about his speech at the Republican National Convention in which he attacked Sen. Barack Obama ( D - IL ) .
Lieberman was the Democrats ' vice presidential choice in the 2000 presidential election .
" Lieberman returned to Capitol Hill Monday  his first day back since speaking at the convention  and was greeted by the resignation of his $ 120,000 - a- year legislative director , Joe Goffman , " the online political news site reports .
" The 66 - year - old Connecticut independent has said he hopes to stay in the Democratic fold , although people close to him say hes increasingly pessimistic about his prospects of doing so . "
" Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ' had no intention ' of disciplining Lieberman for merely backing John McCain , a Democrat close to the Nevadan said .
But Reid became incensed , the Democrat said , by Liebermans attack on Barack Obamas fitness to serve as commander in chief . "
" While Reid has publicly adopted a wait - and - see attitude on his longtime friend from Connecticut , he has told associates that Lieberman will lose his post ' if we hit 55 or 56 ' seats , a gain of four or five freshmen in November , the person added . "
Read the full story here .
AP
A rosy future for wind
AMERICANS spend $ 700 billion a year on foreign oil .
According to one observer , this is an addiction , a crisis , and a trap .
The country must pursue alternative energy sources as fiercely as it once shot for the moon .
So far , so much liberal boilerplate .
The critic in question , however , is a Republican oilman : T. Boone Pickens .
As he puts it , in an Okie drawl : “ I 've been an oilman all my life .
But this is one emergency we can't drill our way out of . ”
He wants America to make a huge investment in wind - power infrastructure .
During this election season , he will personally spend $ 58 m to make the case .
Mr Pickens 's interest is not solely altruistic .
His company , Mesa Power , has already invested $ 2 billion to build the world 's largest wind farm in Pampa , a small town in the Texas panhandle .
He told a Senate committee in June that he is going to pay for the transmission lines that will carry Pampa 's power to the Dallas area because he cannot wait for the state to build the infrastructure .
As he likes to point out , he is 80 years old and worth $ 4 billion .
So profit is not the only issue , either .
A report from the Department of Energy said in May that America could build enough wind farms to provide 20 % of the nation 's electricity by 2030 .
The Pickens plan calls for America to meet this goal by building wind farms throughout the windy corridor that runs up the country from Texas to the Dakotas .
It would cost $ 1 trillion to build them , plus another $ 200 billion to connect them to places where the power is most needed , which lie inconveniently far away from the corridor .
That is a staggering outlay , but it would free up American natural gas , which now generates 22 % of the country 's electricity , to be used for motor vehicles .
The idea is that Americans could switch en masse to natural gas vehicles , and the country could stop importing so much oil .
As a bonus , says Mr Pickens , the industry would create jobs and revitalise rural America .
He points to the west Texas town of Sweetwater to prove his point .
Ten years ago it was just one more struggling speck on the prairie .
Its only excitement was an annual rattlesnake round - up .
Then the wind industry started to take hold in west Texas and the panhandle .
Locals initially fretted that the turbines would be too noisy .
They also worried that they would mar the vast horizon .
Other west Texans are less enamoured of the original view .
“ The landscape is an eyesore , ” counters a man from Groom .
In any case , the turbines look nicer as the benefits accrue .
In 1999 the state 's wind power capacity was just 180 megawatts .
Today Texas leads the nation with almost 5,000 .
Most of that is concentrated in the north - western quarter of the state .
The economic impact on Nolan County , which encompasses Sweetwater , will be $ 315 m this year .
Wind has brought more than 1,000 new jobs to town .
This boomlet has made an impression on Texans .
Wind power accounts for 3 % of the state 's electricity , compared with 1 % nationwide .
But the tax credit that has been driving its growth is about to expire .
And then there is the question of the creaking grid .
The state is mulling a plan that would enable the transmission of 17,000 additional megawatts at a cost of $ 6.4 billion .
Building wind power capacity will not be an easy task .
But there is an emerging agreement in Texas that it is worth the trouble .
That is where Mr Pickens can make a difference .
His plan is undeniably quirky .
Its emphasis on natural gas is strange , for one thing : America does not have many natural gas vehicles .
But if Mr Pickens wants to use his own fortune to sell the general public on the idea of wind power , that is all to the good .
No one can accuse him of being a soft - headed tree - hugger .
( CNN ) --
The Web site of Iraq 's most influential Shiite cleric was hacked on Friday , with the attackers ' messages saying they are Sunnis upset over fatwas , or edicts , issued on the site .
A entity called Group XP placed a video of comedian Bill Maher making fun of Ayatollah Ali al - Sistani and his advice to the Shiite faithful , as well as posting messages on the site .
The hackers said they are upset at the sexual nature of the advice given to faithful allegedly by al - Sistani through a spokesperson .
Those who have studied the attack believe that the Maher video is meant to illustrate how such advice promotes mockery of Islam .
The communications said it was hacking this and other sites giving a " bad name " to Sunnis .
The messages said Christian sites that insult Islam and sexually oriented sites run by Arab Christians out of Israel were also hacked .
Watch what visitors to the Web site saw »
" We have hacked this site , the head of strife and division that many lost souls , " the message said .
" Farsis and their likes , depend on for guidance . "
News reports link the hackers to Wahhabis , fundamentalist Sunnis who prevail in Saudi Arabia .
All About Shia Islam • Ayatollah Ali al - Sistani
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) --
For the first time in 17 months , hedge funds in July made more bets on oil prices falling than rising , according to the latest government data .
Short positions from noncommercial investors , hedge funds and other large investors that do n't actually take delivery of oil , surpassed long positions in July for the first month since February 2007 , data from the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission showed .
Short positions are bets on falling prices while long positions bet on rising prices .
In a rushed bid to ride out the storm sweeping American finance , 94 - year - old Merrill Lynch & Co. agreed late Sunday to sell itself to Bank of America Corp. for $ 50 billion .
The deal , worked out in 48 hours of frenetic negotiating , could instantly reshape the U.S. banking landscape , making the nation 's prime behemoth even bigger .
Late Sunday night , the companies ' boards had approved the deal , but lawyers were negotiating over last - minute details .
Driven by Chief Executive Kenneth Lewis , Bank of America has already made dozens of acquisitions large and small , including the purchase of ailing mortgage lender Countrywide Financial Corp.
earlier this year .
In adding Merrill Lynch , it would control the nation 's largest force of stock brokers as well as a well - regarded investment bank .
The combination , if approved by shareholders , would create a bank of vast reach , involved in nearly every nook and cranny of the financial system , from credit cards and auto loans to bond and stock underwriting , merger advice and wealth management .
Through the weekend , federal officials , including Federal Reserve Bank of New York head Timothy Geithner , made it clear that they strongly encouraged a deal to sell Merrill .
They worried the firm could be the next to approach the brink of failure after Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. , said people familiar with the matter .
Tape : Top CIA official confesses order to forge Iraq - 9/11 letter came on White House stationery John Byrne
Published : Friday August 8 , 2008
Print This Email This
In damning transcript , ex-CIA official says Cheney likely ordered letter linking Hussein to 9/11 attacks Enjoy this story ?
Get underreported Raw stories before they break .
A forged letter linking Saddam Hussein to the Sept. 11 , 2001 attacks was ordered on White House stationery and probably came from the office of Vice President Dick Cheney , according to a new transcript of a conversation with the Central Intelligence Agency 's former Deputy Chief of Clandestine Operations Robert Richer .
The transcript was posted Friday by author Ron Suskind of an interview conducted in June .
It comes on the heels of denials by both the White House and Richer of a claim Suskind made in his new book , The Way of The World .
The book was leaked to Politico 's Mike Allen on Monday , and released Tuesday .
On Tuesday , the White House released a statement on Richer 's behalf .
In it , Richer declared , " I never received direction from George Tenet or anyone else in my chain of command to fabricate a document ... as outlined in Mr. Suskind 's book . "
The denial , however , directly contradicts Richer 's own remarks in the transcript .
" Now this is from the Vice President 's Office is how you remembered it -- not from the president ? "
Suskind asked .
" No , no , no , " Richer replied , according to the transcript .
" What I remember is George [ Tenet ] saying , 'we got this from '-- basically , from what George said was ' downtown . ' "
" Which is the White House ? " Suskind asked .
" Yes , " Richer said .
" But he did not -- in my memory - - never said president , vice president , or NSC .
Okay ?
But now -- he may have hinted -- just by the way he said it , it would have -- cause almost all that stuff came from one place only : Scooter Libby and the shop around the vice president . "
" But he did n't say that specifically , " Richer added .
" I would naturally - - I would probably stand on my , basically , my reputation and say it came from the vice president . "
" But there was n't anything in the writing that you remember saying the vice president , " Suskind continued .
" Nope , " Richer said .
" It just had the White House stationery . "
" Exactly right . "
Later , Richer added , " You know , if you 've ever seen the vice president 's stationery , it 's on the White House letterhead .
It may have said OVP ( Office of the Vice President ) .
I do n't remember that , so I do n't want to mislead you . "
Suskind says decision to post transcript unusual Suskind posted the transcript at his blog , saying , " This posting is contrary to my practice across 25 years as a journalist .
But the issues , in this matter , are simply too important to stand as discredited in any way . "
It was first picked up by ThinkProgress and Congressional Quarterly 's Jeff Stein .
Suskind 's new book asserts that senior Bush officials ordered the CIA to forge a document " proving " that Saddam Hussein had been trying to manufacture nuclear weapons and was collaborating with al Qaeda .
The alleged result was a faked memorandum from then chief of Saddam 's intelligence service Tahir Jalil Habbush dated July 1 , 2001 , and written to Hussein .
The bogus memo claimed that 9/11 hijacker Mohammed Atta had received training in Baghdad but also discussed the arrival of a " shipment " from Niger , which the Administration claimed had supplied Iraq with yellowcake uranium -- based on yet another forged document whose source remains uncertain .
The memo subsequently was treated as fact by the British Sunday Telegraph , and cited by William Safire in his New York Times column , providing fodder for Bush 's efforts to take the US to war .
The Sunday Telegraph cited the main source for its story on Iraq 's 9/11 involvement as Ayad Allawi , a former Baathist who rebelled against Saddam and was appointed a government position after the US occupation .
Nothing in the story explains how an Iraqi politician was privy to the fake memo , but the New York Times column alluded to Allawi and described him as " an Iraqi leader long considered reliable by intelligence agencies . "
" To characterize it right , " Richer also declares in the transcript , " I would say , right : it came to us , George had a raised eyebrow , and basically we passed it on -- it was to -- and passed this on into the organization .
You know , it was : ' Okay , we gotta do this , but make it go away . '
To be honest with you , I do n't want to make it sound -- I for sure do n't want to portray this as George jumping : ' Okay , this has gotta happen . '
As I remember it -- and , again , it 's still vague , so I 'll be very straight with you on this -- is it was n't that important .
It was : ' This is unbelievable .
This is just like all the other garbage we get about . . .
I mean Mohammad Atta and links to al Qaeda .
' Rob , ' you know , ' do something with this . '
I think it was more like that than : ' Get this done . ' "
Magazine asserts Feith created bogus document Today , The American Conservative also published a report saying that the forgery was actually produced by then - Defense Undersecretary Douglas Feith 's Office of Special Plans , citing an unnamed intelligence source .
The source reportedly added that Suskinds overall claim is correct . "
" My source also notes that Dick Cheney , who was behind the forgery , hated and mistrusted the Agency and would not have used it for such a sensitive assignment , " the magazine wrote .
" Instead , he went to Doug Feiths Office of Special Plans and asked them to do the job .
It was Feiths office that produced the letter and then surfaced it to the media in Iraq .
Unlike the [ Central Intelligence ]
Agency , the Pentagon had no restrictions on it regarding the production of false information to mislead the public .
Indeed , one might argue that Doug Feiths office specialized in such activity . "
More of Suskind 's transcripts are available here .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Nonsmokers married to smokers have a greatly increased chance of having strokes , according to a U.S. study published on Tuesday showing yet another hazard from secondhand smoke .
A smoker lights up a cigarette in a public place near the Stade de Geneve in Geneva , August 22 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Denis Balibouse
Being married to a smoker raised the stroke risk by 42 percent in people who have never smoked compared to those married to someone who never smoked , the researchers said .
This jumped to 72 percent for former smokers married to a current smoker , according to the study published in the American Journal of Preventive Medicine .
Former smokers who were married to smokers had a stroke risk similar to people who themselves were smokers .
“ Quitting smoking helps your own health and also the health of the people living with you , ” Maria Glymour of Harvard School of Public Health in Boston and Columbia University in New York , who led the study , said in a telephone interview .
The study involved 16,225 people aged 50 and up who had never had a stroke .
They were followed for an average of nine years .
Glymour said there is accumulating evidence about the number of health problems linked to secondhand smoke .
Previous research had suggested that secondhand smoke increases the risk of stroke , but Glymour said stroke risk has been studied more extensively in smokers than in people exposed to secondhand smoke .
People who breathe in secondhand smoke also have a higher risk of lung cancer , nasal sinus cancer , respiratory tract infections and heart disease , among other conditions .
A 2006 U.S. surgeon general ’s report said secondhand smoke contains hundreds of chemicals known to be toxic or cancer - causing .
These include formaldehyde , benzene , vinyl chloride , arsenic , ammonia and hydrogen cyanide .
For this study , smoking involved cigarettes and not pipes or cigars .
It looked at health consequences for the spouses of smokers , but not at the long - term stroke risk in children of smokers due to secondhand smoke .
“ We know that there are a lot of undesirable health consequences for kids , especially asthma and breathing problems that are exacerbated by secondhand smoke , ” Glymour said .
TSA ramps up program to psychologically screen airline passengers
Nick Langewis and David Edwards
Published : Tuesday July 29 , 2008
Print This Email This
In addition to having your bags scanned , taking off your shoes and emptying your pockets on the way to your plane , prepare to have an on - the - spot psychoanalysis as well .
The TSA is in the process of training " behavior detection officers " to seek out involuntary physical and physiological signs of " stress , fear or deception " among air passengers to help determine who to subject to additional screening at airport security checkpoints .
SPOT , short for the Screening Passengers by Observation Technique , has so far been tested in major airports such as Boston , Providence , and Minneapolis - St. Paul .
In addition , the Los Angeles Times reported , a " handful " of airports were added last December .
" There are certain thresholds that this individual needs to meet in our behavioral detection program , " TSA spokesperson Andrea McCauley told KXAN .
" We do n't just see someone who is nervous and pull them over to talk with them . "
Another TSA spokesperson , Jennifer Peppin , told the Los Angeles Times that SPOT has helped catch drug smugglers and people holding fake passports .
" Have we caught actual terrorists ?
That remains to be seen , " she said .
Caroline Fredrickson of the ACLU , however , worries of profiling , adding that the program sets " a very dangerous precedent " in trying to train TSA screeners to be " behavioral scientists . "
" Cultural sensitivity " is part of the week - long training regimen , the TSA insisted .
The accompanying video report was broadcast on Austin NBC affiliate KXAN on July 29 , 2008 .
Download video
I see your problem there Trent , You 're using Win95 .
LOL !
Seriously , would it have been that hard to crash an XP or vista machine and take a shot of that ?
Oh wait ... it was ?
I see .
Carry on with your 95 shenanigans .
Man , I have n't seen that screen in years .
Apple keeps implying that windows crashes on a daily basis and do n't get me wrong , it can and will , but only if your system is seriously F*k 'd up .
TBH , if you F*k 'd up a Macs hardware / software by even a fraction of what the PC can tolerate it would just cease to function at all .
Easily Startled ?
It Could Reflect Your Politics
Those who startle easily are more likely to favor Iraq War , a new study says .
Sept. 18 , 2008  --
Your stance on key political issues may be directly related to how jumpy you are , a small but compelling new study suggests .
In the study , released Thursday in the journal Science , Rice University professor of political science John Alford and his colleagues studied 46 subjects with strong political beliefs .
They subjected these people to startling stimuli then compared responses with their stated viewpoints on key political issues .
Those subjects who were the most startled by the unexpected or disturbing stimuli were also the ones who were most likely to favor such issues as increased defense spending , capital punishment , patriotism , and the Iraq War .
The people who were less startled by the stimuli , which included such things as a spider crawling across the face of a terrified person or loud , unexpected noises , tended to support foreign aid , liberal immigration policies , pacifism and gun control .
" We were probably as startled as the people who saw the picture of the spider to find that this works , and it is quite accurate , " Alford says .
" These are relatively straightforward tests , and the results are very crisp . "
Alford says that this new study adds to past research which suggests that 30 to 40 percent of our notions and perceptions could have biological roots , adding , " The idea that there could be a biological component to our political ideology is fascinating . "
The study is not the first to tie certain patterns of brain response to potential voting behavior .
Marco Iacoboni , a professor of neurology at UCLA , conducted a study last year in which he used a functional MRI to peer into the brains of those presented with political imagery and see how their brain response matched up with their political leanings .
" This is a really clever study , " Iacoboni says .
" This research shows that all of our decisions are really rooted in biology .
It 's not just the rational thought of the brain that we use to reach decisions , but also our emotional ones . "
He says part of the beauty of this most recent research is that it looks at a simple biological response -- the threshold of being upset by an external stimulus -- in relation to political philosophy .
Other brain researchers urge caution in interpreting the results of the relatively small study -- particularly at a time when many are scrutinizing what our brain may be doing behind our backs .
" I think we currently live in an environment of ' neuro - anything , ' " says Joy Hirsch , professor of functional neuroradiology at Columbia University Medical Center in New York .
" Almost since functional imaging has sort of hit the press , you can't open an issue of the Science Times without finding an article about our brains in love , or neuro - economics , or our brains and politics , " she says .
" We have begun to think about complex behaviors in terms of the neurophysical machinery that drives them . "
She adds that the study only shows a correlation -- which means it is impossible to tell yet whether being easily startled actually brings about what is known as protective decision - making , or if it works the other way around .
It is a point with which Iacoboni agrees .
" It could also be the other way around , " he says .
" It is hard to tell it apart . "
A Touchy Subject
The new research is the latest in a field of study that is seen by many as a potential minefield .
Most people , after all , prefer to believe that their rational mind is in control of their decisions -- especially when it comes to casting their votes .
But other studies have suggested that whether we know it or not , certain areas of the brain may figure big in our political leanings .
And to many , the idea that the tendency to be startled by a perceived threat could affect what Americans do in the voting booth on Nov. 4 is an unnerving one .
" We are in a very unique time when the population in general is experiencing the sensations of threat , " Hirsch says .
" This may be because of the economy , or it may be because of issues raised in the elections .
We know that under conditions of threat the whole emotional system has a much greater influence toward biased decisions . "
Alford further suggests that our genes could have a considerable impact on our daily decisions .
" If our genes have some connection to our political attitudes , then you have to have a lot of biology in between , " he says .
But at what point does biology stop and reason begin ?
Alford says he is the first to admit that biology is not the whole story -- particularly when something as complex as politics is at play .
Alford offers the example of an individual who has genes that increase their susceptibility to breast cancer .
This individual , he says , may only have a 10 to 20 percent greater chance of having the disease .
In the same way , he says , the genetic or biological makeup of a person is only one contributor to their overall decision - making process .
" As soon as you start talking about biology , people immediately start thinking that biology must be deterministic , " he says .
" But the environmental component is much larger than the genetic component when it comes to the idea of susceptibility .
" We are not trying to talk about [ biology ] as being the root of all of public opinion , but we want to put it on the table . "
Despite Anxiety , a Middle Ground ?
So what might these findings contribute to the current political discourse ?
While those who edge away from defense - heavy politically protective policies may be inclined to label their opponents as easily frightened , Alford says his results should not be viewed as an excuse for further divisiveness .
" [ The research ] is less about our making decisions than it is about understanding how other people have come to opposite decisions , " he says .
" We may tend to think that they are n't paying attention to the right things , or to think that they are n't any good at working things out rationally , but maybe what someone sees is so obvious to them because they experience that immediate physiological response .
" If that 's their starting point , it 's not hard to see how they come to a decision that is different from someone who does not feel this . "
Hirsch adds that the research may give Americans one more thing to think about as they arrive at their polling places for election day .
" People can evaluate their thinking to determine if they would make the same decisions if they were not feeling threatened , and think about its effect on their vote , " she says .
" They can decide to what extent they 're responding to that and to what extent they 're responding to a rational consideration of the issues . "
And Alford hopes his work may help foster greater understanding between conservatives and liberals .
" Much of the current political discussion disparages people 's intellectual ability , " he says .
" Maybe we can be a little less uncivil in our political discussions when we understand that not everyone has the same gut reaction or the same insulation from that reaction . "
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) -- Samsung Electronics said late Tuesday that it has offered to acquire SanDisk Corp. for about $ 5.85 billion , capping several days of speculation about a potential combination of the two companies .
In a letter to SanDisk , Samsung said it was reiterating a previous offer to buy the company for $ 26 per share in cash , in a deal that would not be contingent to financing arrangements .
But SanDisk SNDK rejected the deal in its own statement Tuesday .
SanDisk Chief Executive Eli Harari said that Samsung 's acquisition offer " does not provide appropriate value to our stockholders and is opportunistically timed at the trough of an industry - wide downturn . "
Samsung had said in its letter that it's " deeply disappointed " that SanDisk " continues to cling to unrealistic expectations on both its standalone market value and an appropriate merger price . "
The letter said the two companies have been in talks for the past four months .
Shares of SanDisk surged more than 50 % in after - hours trading on Tuesday , to $ 22.85 .
The stock had closed the regular session up 4.4 % at $ 15.04 .
The offer represents a premium of 93 % over the price of SanDisk 's shares before rumors of a potential merger began to drive up the stock earlier this month .
On Sept. 4 , Samsung SSNLF , issued a statement saying it was considering an alliance with SanDisk , but no decision had yet been made .
See full story .
However , the offer is about half the stock 's value at this time last year .
SanDisk shares have been on a sharp decline , as a glut of supply in the flash memory market has led to a sharp drop in earnings .
SanDisk swung to a loss of $ 67.9 million during the second quarter as sales declined , with the company blaming a " rapid deterioration in consumer confidence " during the period .
See full story .
SanDisk makes flash - memory products used by a large variety of consumer electronics devices , such as MP3 players , digital cameras and cell phones .
Samsung is one of the world 's largest manufacturers of flash memory chips .
In its letter , Samsung noted that the " competitive environment remains challenging , " and that combining the two companies would put the business in a better position to survive any slowdown and gain additional market share .
Samsung said it went public with its offer after becoming " increasingly concerned that the lack of progress is not serving the interests of either company 's shareholders .
For this reason , and the fact that speculation has grown since the early September news reports , we feel compelled to clarify our intentions publicly . "
I just finished my first big project using Amazon 's Mechanical Turk service .
I 'm in love .
I had a list of over 6000 business names , addresses and url 's of dubious quality that I needed to make sure was accurate .
For a brief moment , I thought about checking them myself .
But after doing several dozen by hand , I realized that I was violating the principle of Don't Be Silly ( TM ) .
So I was stuck .
Either I could use half baked data as is or shelve the project entirely .
Enter Mechanical Turk , and the hordes of awesomeness to save the day .
I 'd heard about Mechanical Turk several years ago , and I had been dying to use it .
But , I never quite found 12,000 itches that I needed to scratch .
What it took to do the project
I needed the Turkers ( preferred nomenclature for those who complete tasks on Mechanical Turk ) to look up the business name and URL , correct any errors they found and submit any comments .
To increase accuracy , I wanted each task completed twice .
Here are the basic steps I did to create a batch job .
I clicked a few buttons on the Turk 's interface to tell it how many times you need each task to be done , any requirements on the Turkers that you wish to enforce , and how much you 're willing to pay a Turker for the task .
I then created a HIT , or Human Intelligence Task .
" Human Intelligence Task " sounds a bit complicated , but it 's really simple and straight forward .
You design a specialized HTML template with a form in it based off of sample ones that Mechanical Turk give you .
Finally , I reviewed everything , uploaded a CSV file filled with the name , addresss and URL data that I need to complete the template , and I hit submit .
Approve each task as it's completed , or wait until it 's finished and you are able to use the " Approve All " button .
5 days later , download my CSV file full of awesome .
The Awesomeness
Ca n't find the exact web address for the hospital .
Apologies for using a directory listing , in spite of it being the less desirable method .
The business you 're looking for is a famous cancer institute setup in 1898 by Dr. Roswell park .
And it happens to be America 's first cancer institute .
I was unable to find a website , but went through the county government site to get the information .
I checked multiple sites , since the address I found was different .
They all listed the Airport Road address .
Holy crap .
People did all that for two cents a task .
Tips
Do n't be a jerk .
Approve people 's work fer crying out loud .
You 're paying two cents to a nickels for people 's time and effort .
Reserve not approving people for users that fill your forms with spam or other hostile acts .
.
Approve people 's work fer crying out loud .
You 're paying two cents to a nickels for people 's time and effort .
Reserve not approving people for users that fill your forms with spam or other hostile acts .
Appeal to people 's kindness .
Most people really are n't doing this for the cash , although I 'm sure some do .
If people feel like they 're helping someone out , or doing something for a good cause , they 're going to feel good about themselves as well as earn two cents a task .
Turkers really want the requesters to succeed .
.
Most people really are n't doing this for the cash , although I 'm sure some do .
If people feel like they 're helping someone out , or doing something for a good cause , they 're going to feel good about themselves as well as earn two cents a task .
Turkers really want the requesters to succeed .
Be clear about what you need .
I read a number of threads on Turker Nation where people were frustrated that they could n't figure out what the requester wanted .
Decreaseing people 's pain level in completing your task means that more people will be interested in working for you .
.
I read a number of threads on Turker Nation where people were frustrated that they could n't figure out what the requester wanted .
Decreaseing people 's pain level in completing your task means that more people will be interested in working for you .
Be thankful .
I was really truly humbled at how many people helped me complete my task .
I was also overwhelmed at how many people wished me luck on my new business venture .
So , I made a point to express my gratitude in the HIT as well as on Turker Nation .
People really responded to that .
Finally
I did run a test of 2-300 addresses through the system to be sure the process worked .
A few tweaks later , I loaded up the 6,204 line CSV file , sat back , and within minutes , hordes of Turkers were chipping away at my 12,408 tasks .
Now , before I started , I was concerned about the quality of work that I was going to get for $ .02 a task .
I was half expecting a CSV file filled with unusable crap at the end of this , and I was ready to chalk it up to a lesson learned , and $ 300 wasted .
Instead , I was blown away at how people handled the task .
People really took pride in their work , and were interested in helping me out .
Several Turkers emailed asking for clarification on how I wanted the individual fields completed .
One or two emailed me wishing me luck with my project .
One user pointed me to Turker Nation , a bulletin board where Turkers can bounce questions off of each other .
She had created a thread devoted to my task .
So , I used the chance to the people working on it and give them a bit of guidance as to exactly what I wanted .
Further examples of awesomeness were in the comments people submitted along with the information :
One person could n't find a URL for the business for me , so they emailed me to let me know that they called the business long distance and verified the address for me .
Several Turkers mentioned that they appreciated working for a decent requester ( me ) .
Apparently , Turkers tend to get upset when requesters do things like treat them like crap , talk down to them in their form , or do n't approve their work on a task that pays a measly two cents .
So , from my experience , I 'd suggest a couple of tips when using the Mechanical Turk service .
The whole project of verifying a list of 6,204 business names , addresses and URLs was completed in under 5 days at a cost of $ 300 .
I 'm thinking of all the different ways in which I can make use of the service .
Seriously , it 's cool .
You should check it out .
[ digg-reddit - me ]
To try to get him on stage at the Democratic National Convention …
And I think that ’s a great idea .
Join the Facebook group “ The Committee to Have Stephen Colbert Speak at the Democratic Convention . ” Email the Democratic Convention at info@demconvention.com .
If the Barack Obama site administrators ever approve my request to start this group on myBarackObama.com , then you can also join that group of the same name as the Facebook group .
Do I think we can get Colbert a speaking role ?
I do n’t know .
Do I think it would be awesome if we could ?
Yes .
Would Colbert give one of the best speeches of the convention ?
Hell yea .
Like Loading ...
Declining to second - guess the actions of police , St. Paul Mayor Chris Coleman this morning announced that the city will not prosecute journalists — “ broadly defined ” — who were arrested and cited with misdemeanors while simply doing their jobs during the Republican National Convention .
“ This broadly reflects the ideals of the city with regards to the role journalists play , ” Coleman said in an interview this morning .
City officials also announced that charges are being dropped against Amy Goodman , host of the left - leaning Democracy Now !
Show and two of her producers .
Goodman ’s arrest had become a cause cÃ©lÃ¨bre among media advocacy groups , although the circumstances of her arrest were unique because she challenged a police line .
City Attorney John Choi said no decisions had yet been made on any other individual journalists .
As many as 50 journalists were arrested before and during the four - day event in St. Paul earlier this month , according to a Pioneer Press tally .
The city has no such tally .
Most were swept up in mass arrests , detained for hours and cited with being present at an unlawful assembly before being released .
Pioneer Press photographer Ben Garvin was among them .
It is that specific charge that the new policy is most targeted at , Choi said .
Choi ’s office , which recommended the policy on not charging journalists , is responsible for determining whether misdemeanor accusations are prosecuted or dropped .
More serious felony charges are handled by the Ramsey County Attorney ’s Office .
Choi and Coleman emphasized that every charge will be handled on a case - by - case basis .
Coleman said if prosecutors believe a journalist was breaking the law — “ more than just doing their job ” — prosecutions might proceed .
So what is a journalist ?
Unclear .
But the new policy puts the city squarely on a path to step into that can of worms .
On one extreme , reporters , camera operators , bloggers , or anyone else who applied for and received media credentials for the RNC by convention organizers will be considered journalists .
“ That ’s easy , ” Coleman said .
On the other extreme , a person who claims to be a journalist merely by virtue that he or she was documenting events will not .
“ Having a pen in your pocket does not make you a journalist , ” Coleman said .
“ Having a camera in your pocket does not make you a journalist . ”
As for the dozens of arrested journalists who fall between those extremes — including freelancers or upstart independent media organizations — Coleman said , “ It ’s a challenge for us .
We do n’t live in an era where there are just three to four people covering things . ”
Do n’t expect today ’s announcement to be the end of the discussion .
On Monday , the Society of Professional Journalists is holding a forum on the issue , and on Wednesday , journalism advocates are expected to speak at a public meeting on a host of RNC issues organized by City Council Member Dave Thune .
Coleman also has appointed two former federal prosecutors to review RNC - related security decisions and actions .
Declining to prosecute charges does n’t erase the arrest .
If a journalist was on probation for a previous conviction , being swept up and cited by police could have ramifications .
St. Paul police stand by officers ’ decisions to arrest journalists during the RNC , said Tom Walsh , a police spokesman .
He said officers had probable cause .
“ Cops made a good decision at that time , ” Walsh said today .
“ It was an unlawful assembly and it was a public safety issue . ”
He added , “ You have to separate charging and trying from the issue of whether or not someone should be arrested . ” he said .
Asked whether there would be a review of department policy on arresting journalists , Walsh said , “ I do n’t see why . ”
Mara H. Gottfried contributed .
Your confidence does not only come from the clothes you wear or the way you present yourself .
But your smile will always be a part ...
Read More
I ’m an address bar guy ; I do n’t use bookmarks and barely use a link toolbar .
And somedays , my typing could be better – if / when the new gTLDs come in , the owners of ‘ facebook.comk ’ and ‘ google.comk ’ will get a good 50 % of my surfing time and a catch - all on ‘ setfiremedia.comk ’ would receive all of my internal emails .
I ’m just as bad with .co.uk – the amount of traffic I send to ‘ news.bbc.co.il ’ and ‘ news.bbc.co.yj ’ is shocking .
For Many , Search Engines Are The Web
Most people , of course , do n’t use URLs this way .
This is n’t because they are more or less error - prone in their typing , but rather because their primary experience of web navigation is different – search engines are the front door to the web to many ; they are the web to even more .
This even holds true for when users do know the URL – we ’ve all watched , head in hands , people type fully - qualified URLs into Google .
Organisations have caught on to this , and it interests me that we are witnessing a shift in how they direct you to their online presence from offline sources – adverts , brochures etc .
It seems especially prevalent in government ads – the Royal Navy ’s current TV advertising campaign , for example , simply tells the viewer to “ search for ‘ navy jobs ' ” for further details .
The assumption , of course , is that they will rank # 1 in whatever search engine the user choices .
The risk , of course , is that somebody finds a way to hijack the listings for this term .
It ’s an old joke , but anyone who ’s ever searched for ‘ french military victories ‘ knows what I ’m talking about .
Even ensuring you ’ve got the top PPC hit wo n’t compensate for that level of negative PR .
What ’s interesting is that , for the sake of usability , organisations are choosing to add an additional stage to the process of finding their website .
By directing people to search for a term and then click on the result , they ’re actually lengthening the process in order to make it easier .
Risk factors aside , it ’s a pretty good idea , and a pretty major development .
What Does The Future Hold For URLs ?
So is natural language taking over , and are all attempts to improve URLs futile ?
Has the slow progress of the regulating bodies meant that we ’ve had to find a better solution ?
Of course , some URLs are clever slogans themselves and add value to a product , but it seems that most are arbitrary identifiers , obfuscated by acronyms , abbreviations and dots , dashes and other de-humanised elements .
What do you reckon ?
Are the unbelievable sums of money spent on domain names wasted ?
Should Google Search stop using the URL of a site as an indicator of relevance ?
Or will their omnibar , or Mozilla ’s ubiquity , be the final nail in URL coffin ?
Classic Literature
Revisit the classic novels you read ( or did n't ) in school with reviews , analysis , and study guides of the most acclaimed and beloved books from around the world .
Theft of car anti-pollution device up across US Associated Press
Published : Sunday July 6 , 2008
Print This Email This Marty Boyer 's carefully maintained sport utility vehicle growled more like a dragster than a 2001 Honda Passport when he turned the key .
" The second I turned it over , and it sounded like a tank and a Harley , I knew exactly what had occurred , " said Boyer , 33 , .
A half - dozen office colleagues had told him about that roar after their own catalytic converters were stolen , a crime that has been rising rapidly across the country from riverside parking lots in Cincinnati to highways along the California coast .
The pollution - reducing converters contain small amounts of the precious metals platinum and palladium , and they 've joined copper wire and sewer grates on the long list of metal items targeted by thieves eager to cash in on climbing metal commodity prices .
Converter thieves slip under vehicles with battery - powered saws , sometimes in daylight , and in a matter of minutes leave owners with shocking repair bills .
The thefts were only a sporadic problem nationally until about a year ago but have grown to a near - epidemic , said Frank Scafidi , a spokesman for the National Insurance Crime Bureau .
Scafidi received an overwhelming response when he recently questioned bureau agents .
" Everybody was seeing reports of this , hearing reports of this , talking to the local cops  all over the country , " he said .
Since January , 43 converter thefts were reported in downtown Cincinnati , compared with eight during the first half of 2007 , said police Lt. Mark Briede .
In Arizona , the Phoenix police department 's metal thefts squad has grown to accommodate a rash of thefts , including converters .
Authorities in Portland , Ore. and Memphis , Tenn. , also report increases .
California has become a hot spot , especially in the Sacramento and San Francisco areas , and thieves sometimes steal vehicles and abandon them after removing the converters , said Lt. Chris Costigan of the California Highway Patrol .
No comprehensive national totals are available on converter thefts , which are usually lumped into theft or vandalism categories .
Converters have been standard equipment since the mid-1970s , and some newer vehicles have up to four .
Five years ago , platinum traded for about $ 608 per troy ounce and palladium went for $ 208 .
Platinum now goes for $ 2,083 per troy ounce , and palladium draws about $ 468 on the New York Mercantile Exchange .
A troy ounce is a a metal measurement slightly larger than a common ounce .
Prices have increased with demand as use of catalytic converters grew and platinum jewelry gained in popularity , said Larry Manziek , executive director of the International Precious Metals Institute , a Pensacola , Fla . - based trade organization .
In the last year , electronic trading of platinum also increased , making the metal an easier investment , he said .
Scrap yards usually pay $ 50 to $ 100 per converter , but industry experts say the price varies among buyers , said Bruce Savage , a spokesman for the Institute of Scrap Recycling Industries , a trade organization .
Converter replacement costs are much higher , ranging from about $ 200 for a universal model to $ 1,000 or more for one from the vehicle manufacturer .
Boyer , an assistant technology director at a downtown business , paid $ 572 to replace his and plans to spend $ 360 for converter protectors .
He 's now so wary that he put off buying a new vehicle and instead started driving an older car to work .
For car owners willing to spend extra , there are products such as the CatClamp , a tough - to - cut converter cage sold by American Welders Inc. of Toledo , starting around $ 225 .
For others , police say the best defense is a watchful eye , a bit of luck and increased awareness among law enforcement .
Cincinnati auto repair shop owner Randy Rice empathizes .
He fixes damaged exhaust systems  one came in with the saw still inside  and he 's even had to replace 10 converters stolen from cars on his lot , at his own expense .
Now he 's adding a new security camera and extra lighting .
Across the Ohio River in Newport and Covington , Ky. , officials tightened regulations for scrap yards , requiring that they copy the driver 's license of anyone trying to sell metal .
Covington yards also hold metal for a month to allow stolen items to be reclaimed .
That follows the advice of the scrap yard trade group , which urges its 1,600 members to document each transaction , making it easier for police to follow up .
The organization also forwards theft alerts from law enforcement agencies to its members .
Boyer says there 's no easy solution .
" I could teach my 6 - year - old how to do it in probably 15 minutes , " he said .
" It 's like stealing from somebody while their windows are down . "
On the Net : Institute of Scrap Recycling Industries : http://www.isri.org/
National Insurance Crime Bureau : http://www.nicb.org/
Jakarta , Indonesia
With companies eager to tout their " green " credentials to consumers , advertising watchdogs in a number of countries are stepping up efforts to rein in marketers that make false or exaggerated claims .
In one of the latest examples , the United Kingdom 's Advertising Standards Authority found this month that a series of television ...
Sarah Palin Articles , McCain / Palin Articles
PALIN ’S PASTOR SPEAKS ABOUT ISRAEL
By Brother Nathanael Kapner , Copyright 2008 - 2011 Articles May Be Reproduced Only With Authorship of Br Nathanael Kapner
& Link To Real Zionist News ( SM ) Support Brother Nathanael !
HERE
Or Send Your Contribution To :
Brother Nathanael Kapner ; PO Box 547 ; Priest River ID 83856
E-mail : bronathanael@yahoo.com
TODAY I SPOKE WITH
Sarah Palin ’s pastor .
His name is Reverend Larry Kroon & he is the Senior Pastor of Wasilla Bible Church in Wasilla Alaska where Sarah Palin resides .
Pastor Larry Kroon confirmed that Sarah Palin was an “ attendee ” of Wasilla Bible Church .
I called Pastor Larry Kroon around 3 PM Mountain Time on today ’s date , September 2 2008 .
I introduced myself to him as a “ freelance reporter ” for Jewish daily news .
During our talk I told him that I was a former Jew and was now with the Russian Orthodox Church .
Pastor Larry Kroon described Wasilla Bible Church as “ a Church that teaches that the Bible is the Word of God and calls upon its members to conduct their lives in accordance with it . ”
Pastor Kroon added that he was the pastor of a “ non denominational ” Church & that “ between 800 to 1000 people attend Wasilla Bible Church on any given Sunday .
Here ’s how our conversation went : Brother Nathanael Kapner :
“ Do you support the current State of Israel ? ”
Pastor Larry Kroon : “ I believe that God has a special plan for the Jews .
However , I cannot say whether or not the current State of Israel is part of that plan . ”
Brother Nathanael : “ So you do n’t view the current State of Israel has being a fulfillment of Biblical prophecy ? ”
Pastor Larry Kroon : “ There are specific prophecies in the Old Testament that predict the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ .
But whether or not the current State of Israel is a fulfillment of Old Testament prophecies I cannot affirm . ”
Brother Nathanael : “ What do you mean when you say that God has a special plan for the Jews ? ”
Pastor Larry Kroon : “ The Bible teaches that ‘ all peoples , tongues , and nations , shall be worshippers of the Lord Jesus Christ . ’
Jews are included in this purview . ”
Brother Nathanael : “ Do you mean then that God does n’t have some unique plan for the Jews ? ”
Pastor Larry Kroon :
“ The fact that Jews have been preserved over the centuries shows that God has a plan for them .
That plan , as I understand Scriptures , is that they also are included in all peoples , tongues , and nations , who will embrace Jesus Christ . ”
Brother Nathanael : “ Many evangelicals say that the “ 144,000 of all the tribes of Israel ” as mentioned in the book of Revelations , refers to the Jews who will be “ saved ” at the end of time .
Do you teach this ? ”
Pastor Larry Kroon :
“ The book of Revelations has much imagery that is symbolic and could be understood figuratively .
I have no definite answer as to whether the “ 144,000 ″ refers to Jews specifically .
“ But let me say this .
What is more easily understood are the predictions that Jesus Christ is the Messiah and that those Old Testament predictions are clarified for us in the New Testament . ”
Brother Nathanael : “ How do you feel about the violent attacks on Palestinian civilians in the Gaza Strip by the Israelis ? ”
Pastor Larry Kroon :
“ We must look at all of these kinds of incidents as they occur not only in Israel but in other parts of the world .
We must look upon these incidents on a case by case basis . ”
Brother Nathanael : “ I noticed on your “ Sermons ” section of Wasilla Bible Church ’s Web Site , that on August 17 2008 , the Director of Jews For Jesus , David Brickner , spoke at your Church giving a sermon entitled , “ The Jerusalem Dilemna . ”
I know that Jews for Jesus is an Evangelical organization which is very Pro Israel .
Do you agree with their stand that the current State of Israel is legitimate in terms of what the Bible teaches ? ”
Pastor Larry Kroon : “ As I already mentioned , we have our own views on Biblical prophecy as it pertains to the current State of Israel .
This may differ from the views which Jews for Jesus has . ”
Brother Nathanael : “ Before I called you I spoke with the secretary of Jeneau Christian Center located in Alaska ’s capital .
She told me that there was a Christians United For Israel Conference in 2007 at the Church .
She said that Governor Palin gave a speech that was very “ Pro Israel . ”
Does then Sarah Palin take a “ Pro Israel ” stand ? ”
Pastor Larry Kroon : “ I have never heard Governor Palin make a statement on the subject .
As for me , I am a ‘ local pastor . ’
I emphasize to the flock that the teachings of the Lord Jesus Christ are to be lived out in our day to day lives .
And all people , including the Jews , are called to live their lives according to Christ ’s teachings . ”
BOTTOM LINE :
It seemed to me that Pastor Larry Kroon does not teach “ unconditional ” support for the current State of Israel .
I particularly noted that Pastor Larry Kroon was extremely hesitant to express support for the current Zionist State .
I Take Encouragement That The One Who Sits
Under Pastor Larry Kroon ’s Teachings , Namely , Sarah Palin , Will Also “ Hesitate ”
To Support The Current Zionist State Of Israel .
___________________________________
For More See :
“ Open Letter To Sarah Palin ” Click Here And : “ Christians NOT Jews Are God ’s Chosen People ! ” Click Here And : “ State Of Israel : Not Biblical Prophecy ! ” Click Here
CLICK : Brother Nathanael !
Street Evangelist !
Support Brother Nathanael !
HERE
Or Send Your Contribution To :
Brother Nathanael Kapner ; PO Box 547 ; Priest River ID 83856
E-mail : bronathanael@yahoo.com
Neoconservative pundits have a tendency to assert that something is true even if it is not and then repeat the assertion over and over again to give it credibility .
Repeating a statement without subjecting it to any critical analysis is generally regarded as little more than a rhetorical gimmick .
Last week ’s New York Times featured two splendid pieces by neocon attack dogs Bill Kristol and David Brooks that show just how far it is possible to twist reality when supporting the Bush administration policies in Iraq .
David Brooks worked for Kristol at The Weekly Standard before joining the Times as its resident compassionate conservative .
The soft - spoken and somewhat diffident Brooks is far cleverer than the smirking and arrogant Kristol , and he is better able to wrap his arguments in a social and ethical context that often appears to be convincing .
But both he and his former boss are classic neoconservatives with the usual tunnel vision about the outside world .
Both back John McCain for president , both still support the Iraq war , both are passionate about Israel , both approve of torture and until recently Guantanamo , and both favor a military option against Iran .
There is no separation between them on most political issues .
Kristol ’s piece , " Someone Else ’s Alex , " is the more ridiculous of the two .
Kristol , who has never served his country in uniform and comes from a family that is much more inclined to heft a pencil than a rifle , frequently begins his articles by noting his reverence for the military , as if that validates his point of view .
His article is an attack on MoveOn ’s latest Iraq ad , and he begins by citing a previous MoveOn ad that " slandered " Gen .
David Petraeus by referring to him as " General Betray Us . "
The citation of the previous ad ’s alleged character assassination of the general is clearly intended to set the tone of the piece , which is a red - blooded exhortation to go to war to defend the homeland and all that we hold dear .
Wrapping oneself in the flag in the beginning sets the proper tone , at least for Kristol and whatever audience he appeals to at the New York Times .
Kristol then goes on to excoriate the MoveOn ad ’s presentation of a mother with her infant son , Alex .
In the ad , the woman addresses John McCain and tells him that he can’t have Alex for his hundred years of war in Iraq .
Kristol notes impishly that Alex would only be nine years old when John McCain leaves office , so he could not possibly serve in the army under President McCain , and , besides , there is no draft , so he would n’t have to go .
Kristol then likens an extended Iraq occupation to Korea , Germany , and Japan and quotes what he describes as an actual mother of a soldier who complains that Alex ’s mom wants " other people ’s sons to keep the wolves at bay so that her son can live a life of complete narcissism . "
Yes , she reportedly said narcissism  probably including such un-American activities as reading poetry , eating Chinese takeout , and writing letters to the editor saying that the French are not really so bad .
Kristol tap dances a bit more on that theme and then concludes that the MoveOn ad is " barely disguised in its disdain for those who have chosen to serve " while noting inter alia a number of times that the U.S. has a volunteer military .
Kristol ’s sensitivity about his own lack of any military experience in spite of his hawkish views can be noted in his strident support of volunteerism .
At one point he says " the choice not to serve should carry no taint . "
A bit defensive , no ?
Does Kristol deep down feel somewhat tainted ?
And he of course builds his central argument against MoveOn on a false premise , i.e. , that there are existential threats out there , " wolves " that have to be kept " at bay " by sending young Americans to the Middle East to fight .
If the past seven years have taught us anything , it is that the contrary is much more likely true , that the real threat to our nation and its people comes precisely from going to places we are not wanted and we do not understand to fight other people ’s battles .
Kristol ascribes base motives and cowardice to those who do not defend their country in the wars that he and his friends choose to initiate but not to fight , and he makes the illogical leap of suggesting that the critics are disdainful of those who do serve .
David Brooks , in " The Bush Paradox , " takes a different approach .
His central thesis is that President Bush ’s stubborn nature , his self - confidence , and his " unwillingness to admit defeat " has served him in good stead as he has defied advice and supported a surge that has brought success in Iraq .
Brooks invariably looks for a clever way to package something simple , and , in this case , he is saying that Bush ’s character flaw actually is his strength in the current context .
He goes on to describe how when Bush repressed his instincts and listened to his more cautious generals and advisers he made mistakes in Iraq .
Per Brooks , he had to reject the conventional wisdom and , relying on his own judgment , turn to a Pantheon of heroes named Petraeus , Odierno , McCain , Cheney , and the ubiquitous Fred Kagan to make things right .
The selfsame Bush who made " bad calls " early on in the war " made a courageous and astute decision in 2006 " to support the surge .
Brooks dismisses the war critics by noting that they have been wrong in their own assessments of the progress being made , that " if the U.S. had withdrawn in the depths of the chaos , the world would be in worse shape today . "
Brooks carefully avoids the issue of why America is fighting in Iraq at all .
He is oblivious to the frightful devastation that the United States has inflicted on Iraq and its people .
" The chaos " in Iraq it did not happen by chance ; it was the gift of the White House and its frequently befuddled chief executive officer , whom Brooks is now praising for his steadfastness .
He skates over the deliberate lies and deceptions that came out of the Bush administration to sell a war that was completely unnecessary .
He also does not even touch on what has been produced in Iraq .
The government of Nouri al - Maliki leans closer to Tehran than it does to Washington .
It is corrupt and ineffective and does not even govern in any real sense .
The divisions that have riven Iraq since the fall of Saddam Hussein have not disappeared , nor has the country become a beacon of democracy in the Middle East .
International terrorism has not gone away .
So much for 1 million Iraqi lives lost , more than 4,000 dead Americans , and trillions of dollars wasted .
How does Brooks explain all that away ?
He does n’t even try .
Opening the New York Times and reading Brooks and Kristol is like being neoconned again twice a week .
One wonders how pundits who have been wrong so many times continue to have a distinguished platform to present their nonsense .
It is no better over at the other " newspaper of record , " the Washington Post , where Robert Kagan and the venomous Charles Krauthammer perform regularly .
All four neocon pundit - experts also frequently enlighten the public on television , particularly on Fox News .
It is not too late to recognize that these people have been wrong about nearly everything and have done irreparable damage to the United States .
That they are clever and glib and represent themselves falsely as " conservatives " is not enough reason to continue to put up with them .
The neocons should collectively apologize for what they have done , fold their tents , and disappear from America ’s newspapers and television screens .
Unfortunately , there is no chance that that will happen .
MASON , Ohio 
The way Rafael Nadal has played the past three months , Novak Djokovic said , it felt as if he were an almost unbeatable force on the tennis court .
But Djokovic , the No. 3 player in the world , did have one caveat .
“ Nobody is unbeatable , ” said Djokovic , who proved it Saturday night by knocking off Nadal , 6 - 1 , 7 - 5 , in the semifinals of the Cincinnati Masters .
“ The way he was playing , we all thought he ’s not going to lose anytime soon .
I tried not to think about his winning streak and his new ranking spot .
I tried to focus on my game .
“ I know what it takes to win against him on hardcourts .
I got the best of it .
I knew I had to step in and be aggressive and take the chances . ”
The chances he took paid off .
In one swoop , Djokovic eliminated Nadal , stopped his 32 - match winning streak and defeated the player who is assured of taking over the No. 1 ranking on Aug. 18 .
If Nadal would have won this tournament , he would have become No. 1 immediately
Say what you want about Keith Olbermann and his liberal bias , but the man was spot - on in this video .
He systematically destroys the Palin interview … not that it really needed to be further destroyed .
I particularly enjoyed the ending .
Apparently the Countdown video editing crew was replaced by “ The Daily Show ” producers .
McCain Camp Plays Gender Card with Pig Ploy
Created : September 09 , 2008 20:42 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
LEBANON , Va. — Sen. John McCain played the gender card Tuesday night , seizing on a hackneyed statement by Sen.
Barack Obama to claim , rather implausibly , that the Democratic nominee was calling Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin a pig .
To even entertain McCain ’s far - fetched attack , one would have to think Obama had a political death wish .
Rather than attack Palin , however , Obama has spent the past few days praising her story and personal characteristics at each stop in Virginia , Ohio and Michigan .
He has confined all his criticism to policy differences .
I was sitting at a press table in the Virginia gym as Obama rattled through two cliches to argue that the McCain / Palin ticket could not deliver change .
First , Obama reached for a farm analogy : “ You can put lipstick on a pig , ” he said .
“ It ’s still a pig . ”
Then he said , “ you can wrap an old fish in a piece of paper called change .
It ’s still gonna stink . ”
The pig cliche went from Politico to Drudge before Obama had left the stage .
The McCain camp pounced with an emergency conference call , and the press corps unthinkingly dug into the story .
McCain surrogate Jane Swift accused Obama of talking about Palin and demanded an apology .
Swift said she thought Obama was referencing Palin because she is the only candidate who wears lipstick .
I guess that means no one can take offense at the fish analogy , since none of the candidates are wrapped in newspaper .
This entire non-event — a candidate uses a common cliche in passing while answering a question about “ change ” — barely merits any reporting .
It definitely is n’t worth the lead of The AP ’s traveling report on what Obama did today , for example .
Do n’t take my word for it ; even the journalist who jump - started this drama said so .
Amie Parnes , who I ’ve been sitting next to this week on Obama ’s plane , added this addendum to her short lipstick post :
The McCain campaign is now saying Obama called Palin a pig , which he did n’t .
They also note that “ lipstick is a fairly common idiom he often uses , ” as in a recent Washington Post interview .
McCain has also used the phrase …( emphasis added )
The Atlantic ’s Marc Ambinder also swiftly debunked McCain ’s ploy .
But the distraction is already upending the news cycle .
And I have n’t even seen a TV yet — since we ’re en route to the airport .
This is the kind of blatantly false charge that works even when reported skeptically .
Because , frankly , it should n’t be reported at all .
Campaign journalists do n’t need to cover two sides to every lie — especially an outlandish gender card trick like this one .
For skeptical readers , I ’ll note that I filed several policy pieces about Obama today , including one from the Lebanon event .
I ’m now wading into the pig ploy with the minor goal of providing some context from the road .
Actual sexism still infects American culture and U.S. politics , of course .
But McCain and Palin undermine the fight for equality when they falsely and cynically stage fake offenses .
McCain ’s decision to put a woman on his ticket was laudable and inspiring , ( as I ’ve written before ) , and regardless of the motives , it was good for the country .
McCain ’s overall conduct is more significant than that one action , however .
His cynical attempt to cloak his ticket in gendered victimhood is an offense to all women and men who value equality — and to any voters who still desire a campaign devoted to a truthful debate of the issues .
From Conservapedia
The PNAS has refused to publish the Letter to PNAS .
The PNAS has provided the following non-responsive explanation dated September 11 , 2008 .
Note how the PNAS hides behind anonymity to justify its failure to address the five errors identified in the Letter to PNAS :
A member of the Editorial Board has evaluated the letter and concluded that PNAS cannot publish it for the following reasons :
From what I take to be the underlying issue from the numbered points , Mr. Schlafly 's main concern has to do with the fact that one experiment failed to yield a statistically significant result , and this happened to be the experiment with the largest sample size .
Every experiment has limited power to detect a difference of any given magnitude , and so in a series of experiments some may yield non-significant results even when the null hypothesis is false .
The non-significant experiment may even be the one with the largest sample size .
There is nothing exceptional in this -- it is a matter of chance .
Nevertheless , from a statistical point of view , it is proper to combine the results of independent experiments , as Blount et al. did correctly in their original paper .
If the overall result is significant , as it is in this case , then the whole series of tests is regarded as significant .
Mr. Schlafly seems to suggest that experiments differing in sample size cannot be combined in an overall analysis , and if this is what he is suggesting , he is wrong .
I think Letters published in PNAS should raise points that in themselves , or in conjunction with the authors ' response , should be of wide interest to the readership of PNAS or should illuminate some obscure or subtle point .
The issues raised by Mr. Schlafly are neither obscure nor subtle , but are part of everyday statistical analysis at a level too elementary to need rehearsal in the pages of PNAS .
Mr. Schlafly 's final comment about release of data is uncalled for .
My understanding is that the authors have made the relevant materials available on their web site .
This seems to me to meet the requirement that " data collected with public funds belong in the public domain . "
If Mr. Schlafly believes that the disclosure is incomplete , that is an issue that needs to be argued with the original funding agency , not with the readers of PNAS .
This response can be discussed at Talk : PNAS Response to Letter
Utilizing a Fake Doctor ’s Note Like a Boss Posted on 26 .
Jan , 2018 by Mary Allen .
Occasionally , people need some time away from school for various reasons .
Sometimes the reason is justified , while other times it is not .
Regardless , people have often feigned illness to stay away from school .
However , you can use a doctor ’s note to convince the school administration that your reason for missing school was inevitable .
Students often have several activities to attend to outside of school .
These may include birthday parties , road trips , sports events , and more .
But they must have a valid reason to tell the school administration in order to avoid punishment .
Others may have been genuinely sick but did not visit the doctor because they thought their condition was mild or simply lacked the money to fund their medical bills .
Regardless , they must be able to prove why they skipped school .
Reasons That May Warrant a Doctor ’s Note : Actual Sickness
Some people avoid visiting the hospital despite genuine sickness because of the medical costs involved .
As a result , they resort to stay at home and nurse their condition .
However , they are left with the challenge of providing proof of sickness to their school administration to avoid the potential repercussions of missing school .
For instance , a mild cold may not require a doctor ’s appointment but may make it difficult to attend school .
You can discover more at thephilips1921.com .
A Personal Emergency
Some events in life are unpredictable , but can still impact our lives significantly .
However , only a few teachers understand .
This forces some students to miss school and later look for a doctor ’s note to help explain their absence .
A personal emergency may push you to get the note from a physician or obtain a fake one from any other source , such as the Internet .
A Sick Family Member
Your younger sister or brother may be sick at home and in need of companionship or someone to look after them .
This may prompt you to miss classes and obtain a doctor ’s note to help you explain yourself when you return to school .
Continue Reading
Hard Mode Cardio Posted on 09 .
Jun , 2017 by Mary Allen .
This exercise might be tough but the pay off is worth it .
This anaerobic workout can help you tone your muscle and burn your extra fat .
See what exercises to do in the next video .
Continue Reading
Trump vs Barack Posted on 21 .
Sep , 2016 by Mary Allen .
I found this video hilarious .
Check it out .
Continue Reading
How to Identify the Best Fake Doctors Note Templates Posted on 18 .
Jul , 2014 by Mary Allen .
When you are seeking a sick note template , you ought to search vehemently lest you tender a ubiquitous and suspicious document and get caught .
The professional presentation of the information , accuracy , lack of redundant details and conspicuously real information therein is why you ought to go for the sold online Dr. Notes .
The plan is normally inclined to work for those individuals who do not miss work for a well grounded reason .
Undoubtedly , tendering a fake doctor ’s note template is poised to expose you to ineluctable penalties that may be devastating .
If you are appending the signature or doctoring the details , do so ingeniously putting yourself in the shoes of a normal doctor .
If you are looking for a convincing free doctors excuse , it is the high time that you went through certain web pages that offer the services .
At such sites , you will discover numerous templates , authentic looking headers and maneuverable tools that you can use to suit your own needs .
When filling in various details like the specific illness for the permit , ensure that you include data that is indubitable as this will vouch for its authenticity .
Do not cite overly serious illness or sickness that will raise the employers or school authorities ’ eye brows .
The authorities especially employers are allowed to ascertain the genuine nature of the employees claim for a legit excuse note .
Thus , if your boss is the speculative and inquisitive kind , you ought to manipulate the details accordingly as to avoid being caught .
If you follow these tips , you are inclined to identify the artificial dr. slip templates and take advantage of it to miss your employment conveniently .
To discover more go to http://randyandmoss.com.Ever thought taking a day off and relax with no consequences , try making your own fake doctor ’s note .
Continue Reading
A Guide to Having Your Own Toilet Plungers Posted on 22 .
Aug , 2013 by Mary Allen .
Is your toilet currently clogged ?
If yes , then you may need a toilet plunger to unclog it .
You should not do nothing about this situation because it could your toilet could become an eyesore and frighten if you discover the wastes you thought were flushed return to the toilet bowls .
With a toilet plunger you can easily unclog the toilet and start using it again .
Here is guide to having a toilet plunger in your home today .
How toilet plungers work Toilet Plungers are plumbing devices that helps to unclog toilet bowls .
To a large extent , these tools are handy and helpful to opened up any kind of blockage that might have occurred in your toilet .
They are made of a handle attached to a cup like plastic .
You only need to plunge the tool into the toilet and apply a push and pull motion .
While you do this , a vacuum is created that causes breakage on the clogs .
Features you should look out when buying a toilet plunger
While toilet plungers are effective in opening up blockages , there are still some that might not really give you what you want .
So , there are certain features you must watch out for when you choose the right toilet plungers .
You should go for plungers that are made with high quality materials and could be used for different kinds of toilets .
They would help you get the job done easily .
Benefits of having your own toilet plunger
You should always have a toilet plunger handy so as to unclog your toilet bowls because the plumber might not be available when you are to use the toilet .
More so , doing the unclogging by yourself will help you save money you could have paid for the plumbing service .
So , with a tool like this you can clean up your toilet and save money .
Finally , at Plumbing Store , you will find different kinds of toilet plumbers for individual home and professional use .
You can buy from here at the most affordable prices .
So check out high quality and professional toilet plungers from this website today .
Continue Reading
Celery Juice Posted on 15 .
Jun , 2013 by Mary Allen .
Celery juice is made from the common biennial celery herb of the parsley family native to Europe but these days widely grown throughout the world .
The aromatic basil belongs to the family Apiaceae , classified as Apium graveolens , with stalks that grow to about 76 cm or 30 inches high in cultivated varieties .
The celery can be eaten raw or cooked , it can be consumed as a vegetable or mixed up in salad form , and our course , it can be made into the celery juice with its bitter tang .
Well , that ’s what the celery is by and of its own , you know .
If the plant were allowed to grow naturally , it often comes up with stalks that are greenish in color and slightly bitter in taste .
However , in growing them it these days , the sage is often blanched during the last stages of its growth by keeping the stalk away from sunlight while yet exposing the leaves .
The objective of this is to get rid of the color and the bitter taste .
The price paid for this , however , is the loss also of some of the vitamins in the plant .
Oh , but there are vitamins in the celery fruit / seed , which is part of why it is so largely used in the making of condiments , the celery salt , and in pharmacy as well , as a sedative or to disguise the flavor of other drugs .
The juice of it also has sedative and stomach cleansing qualities , in addition to a wide variety of vitamin composition .
On the LocalWineEvents website , you could learn a lot about how restaurants , vineyards , wine retailers , and others get a lot out of the celery juice and the seed too , so that you could work on getting there yourself .
The University of California , Davis ’ Department of Viticulture and Enology offers as well a variety of resources , which covers a lot of information about the effect of the wine made from celery on your health , coupling it with a guide to making the wine at home .
You get that on wineserver .ucdavis , and on the National Museum of American History online exhibit on American wines , americanhistory.si.
Continue Reading
Ask yourself these questions when looking for Fake Doctor ’s Notes Posted on 22 .
Apr , 2013 by Mary Allen .
Where to get fake doctors notes Basically , it is legal to obtain doctor ’s note from a qualified licensed doctor .
Therefore , any sick note or excuse note relating to health not issued by a doctor could be referred to as fake .
These so - called doctor ’s notes are getting popular now - a - days .
Researchers had found that because of stress , lots of employees are turning into this method of getting a paid leave .
You can get them at fakedoctorsnoteforwork.com .
However , some doctors can issue fake sick notes if they want to favor some patients or if they intend to collect money from them .
The common avenue of obtaining fake doctors notes these days is from companies selling these notes to customers who can download and print them .
It ’s not difficult to find a dr. excuse you can print these days .
The internet is flooded with these notes and they are easily downloaded .
Gravitycentredallas.com is a great example for finding and acquiring doctor ’s note .
What a genuine fake doctor ’s note should comprise A genuine pregnancy doctors note note is supposed to have all the features of a real doctor ’s note .
These features should include letterhead or prescription pad , doctor ’s logo , quality paper , and accurate verifiable details like the names , contact details , and signature of the doctor .
These tips and hints are important if you are planning to access the best of fake doctor ’s notes .
Other important information you should be acquainted with include understanding that if you are caught for submitting fake doctors note you could be in for a real problem with your boss or the law .
So , think twice before opting to use fake doctor ’s notes today .
If you want to check out cool doctor ’s notes then go get yourself a break .
Next time it ’s free , so do n’t hesitate grabbing a copy now !
Continue Reading
Brownish Discharge As A Health Problem Facing Many People Posted on 13 .
Jan , 2013 by Mary Allen .
Even if you knew nothing about being a woman , and it was the first time you would ever have any kind of expulsion from your genitalia , a brownish discharge is still a scary thing , and something you definitely will not want to be taking things too easy with .
Definitely , you do n’t want to take too long to determine why you have it and how best to deal with it .
Well , what can I say , your best bet and safest line of action would be the most obvious – talk to your doctor .
Most OB / GYN specialists are quick to take such complaints from patients quite seriously , and before long , you could be looking at a chart that shows you not only what condition it may be that you could be suffering from , but the alternatives you could pursue toward intervention for the malady .
But before you go to the doc , bear in mind that you very well could suffer from some kind of colorectal cancer , as this is about one of the most certain causes of brownish discharge .
In the most lucid of terms , when the disease advances to a stage and begins to metastasize , invading other organs , it tends to result in blood or air in urine , and especially in females , it brings about an invasion of the reproductive tract , causing the brownish discharge .
For all you know , it could also be a case of pelvic inflammatory disease ( PID ) gone very bad , and in case you do n’t know , not dealing with it early enough could be the beginning of a very long and potentially incurable spell of infertility .
It could be vaginitis as well , an inflammation of the vagina that is often accompanied also by itching and pain ; and then it could as well be vulvitis ; the mucous membraneouscandidalvulvovaginitis , with its soreness , discomfort , pain in intercourse , and itching , to go with the discharge as well .
The thing is , there could be a dozen conditions that bring about a brownish discharge from the vagina , and even if you were a professional yourself , self - diagnosis is definitely not the way to go – get in touch with your doctor already .
What you might like about having such a condition is that you can use the best fake doctor ’s notes that you can purchase online to excuse your absences and still get a paid sick leave .
This is an advantage at your end , you can have long rest days or vacation period that you can use in any activity that you like .
Print a doctor ’s ’ note you can use to get out of school and work from PrintFakeDoctorsNote .
If you ’re trying to look for a great form from a physician , you are free to visit this cool site bestfakedoctornotes.com .
Continue Reading
Image by LuisDS via Flickr
Flickr user LuisDS discovered metadata on the creative copy of the “ stereotyped PC user ”  and other photos appearing on Microsoft ’s “ I ’m a PC ”  website that reveal they were produced using Macs running Adobe Creative Suite 3 .
Microsoft code monkeys scrubbed the identifying information from the website stills overnight .
Via RoughlyDrafted
IN THE year of one of the most important presidential elections of recent time , a book that takes the reader around the US to meet ordinary people negotiating life in an extraordinary country has won the 35th Age Book of the Year Award .
Don Watson 's American Journeys recounts his travels on rail and road , and gives a fresh perspective on the world 's only superpower through the stories of its citizens he met .
As a picture of the US , it is by no means flattering but it is always intelligent , compassionate and readable .
The award is worth $ 20,000 .
Watson also won the non-fiction prize .
Winners of book awards ( from left ) Don Watson ( book of the year and non-fiction ) , Jan Harry ( poetry ) and Tim Winton Credit : Andrew De La Rue
Tim Winton won the fiction award , worth $ 10,000 , for Breath , his first novel in seven years .
It is the first time he has won a Victorian literary prize .
J. S. Harry won the $ 10,000 Dinny O'Hearn poetry prize for Not Finding Wittgenstein .
The prizes were presented last night at the opening of the Melbourne Writers Festival at the Melbourne Town Hall .
It was not unfamiliar territory for Watson  he won the Book of the Year award in 2002 for Recollections of a Bleeding Heart , his account of Paul Keating as prime minister .
Fans of Gary Coleman might want to think twice about trying to snap a photo .
The pint - size actor is in big trouble this morning for allegedly hitting a man with his truck outside a Utah bowling alley .
Coleman 's bodyguard / friend told local reporters that right around closing time , Colt Rushton , 24 , asked to take a photo of Coleman , 40 , and his wife , Shannon Price - Coleman , who were finishing up a game .
When Gary said no , Rushton refused to back down and started harassing the on - again - off - again newlyweds .
Advertisements
A new CBS News national poll released this evening shows the 2008 presidential race unchanged from last month .
Barack Obama leads John McCain 45%-39 % with 13 % undecided .
It seems that as this race is becoming more polarizing , more voters say that they have made up their minds about who they will support .
Seventy percent of those surveyed said that they have made up their minds about who they will support , but the enthusiasm gap remains between the two candidates .
54 % of Obama supporters said that they were enthusiastic about Obama , compared to 14 % of John McCain ’s supporters who felt the same way about him .
Both candidates are appealing to their bases .
Obama leads among Democrats , liberals , voters under age 45 , African Americans , and women .
McCain leads with Republicans , conservatives , voters over age 45 , and white evangelicals .
This is also known as the Republican base .
Obama leads McCain with all men 46 % - 42 % , but trails McCain with white men , 45 % - 41 % .
Independents are split between the two candidates 40 % - 40 % with 16 % undecided .
Advertisements
Clinton supporters have moved to Obama by a margin of 52 % - 19 % .
However , 24 % still remain undecided .
53 % of registered voters said that they are paying a lot of attention to this election , which is up five points from this time in 2004 , and by a more than a 2 to 1 margin voters listed the economy and jobs as their most important issue ( 36 % ) , over the war in Iraq ( 17 % ) , and gas and oil prices ( 9 % ) .
By a 70 % - 24 % margin voters do n’t think the candidates are paying enough attention to their issues .
The respondents in this poll also favored offshore drilling ( 64 % - 28 % ) , and thought that the next president should pay more attention to domestic issues over foreign policy ( 77 % - 8 % ) .
Voters also thought that the president can do something about gas prices ( 67 % ) and the economy ( 65 % ) .
Opinions of the candidates remained virtually unchanged from last month , which means that neither Obama ’s foreign trip nor McCain ’s attacks ads have changed the race .
If the results of this poll were to be summed in a phrase , it would be same as it ever was .
This race has hit a lull .
It is n’t moving in any direction .
We probably wo n’t see much change until after each of the conventions , and then again , not until after the first presidential debate .
If each candidate only appeals to their base , Independents will once again decide this election , and it will be a close race until the end .
Read the full poll results in PDF
By Robert Samuelson - July 23 , 2008
WASHINGTON --
The specter of depression stalks America .
You hear the word repeatedly .
Are we in a depression ?
If not , are we headed for one ?
The answer to the first is " no " ; and the answer to the second is " almost certainly not . "
The use of " depression " to describe the economy is a case of rhetorical overkill that speaks volumes about today 's widespread pessimism and anxiety .
A short history lesson shows why .
The Great Depression of the 1930s -- the last time the term rightly applied -- was industrial capitalism 's worst calamity .
U.S. unemployment peaked at 25 percent in 1933 ; it averaged 18 percent for the decade .
From 1929 to 1933 , 40 percent of U.S. banks failed .
People lost deposits ; businesses and consumers lost access to credit .
Over the same period , wholesale prices dropped a third , driving farmers and firms into bankruptcy .
Farm foreclosures , shantytowns ( called " Hoovervilles , " after the president ) and bread lines followed .
This was a social , as well as an economic , breakdown .
Our present situation bears no resemblance to this .
In June , unemployment was 5.5 percent , slightly below the average since 1960 of 5.8 percent .
It 's true that banks and investment banks -- Citigroup , Merrill Lynch , Wachovia -- have suffered large losses .
But on the whole , the banking system seems fairly strong .
Although profits in the first quarter of 2008 were down 46 percent from 2007 , they totaled $ 19 billion even after $ 37 billion set aside for loan loss reserves .
Overall corporate profits are still running at a near - record annual rate of $ 1.5 trillion .
As yet , the present economic slowdown does not even approach the harshest post - World War II slump .
The back - to - back recessions of 1980 and 1981 - 82 ( as dated by the National Bureau of Economic Research ) constituted , for most people , one prolonged downturn .
Unemployment peaked at 10.8 percent in late 1982 .
In 1981 and 1982 , housing starts were down almost 50 percent from their 1978 peak .
From 1979 to 1982 , the economy stagnated ; output lurched down , then up and then down .
There had been nothing like that since the 1930s .
" Depression " is a term of art .
It has no precise definition .
Economic historian Barry Eichengreen of the University of California at Berkeley notes that in the 19th century the word connoted extended periods of declining prices : for example , between the 1870s and the mid-1890s .
People associated falling prices with bad times , because in good times , prices tended to be stable .
Falling prices meant either too many sellers or too few buyers .
After World War II , the term depression lapsed into disuse , because economic downturns became milder and rarely involved general deflation ( price declines ) .
" Recession " ascended as the term of preference .
The paradoxical thing about today 's economy is its strength .
No kidding .
Consider all the hand grenades lobbed at it .
Higher oil prices .
The housing implosion .
Large layoffs in affected industries : autos , airlines , construction , mortgage banking .
The " credit squeeze " triggered by losses on " subprime " mortgages .
Despite all that , the economy has n't collapsed .
It 's merely weakened .
Output in the first quarter of 2008 was actually 2.5 percent higher than a year earlier .
To be sure , there are parallels with the Great Depression .
People fear what they do n't understand or expect .
In the early 1930s , no one really knew why the economy had deteriorated so rapidly .
Similarly , much of today 's bad news was generally unpredicted : the higher oil prices ; the losses on subprime mortgages ; the collateral damage to financial markets ; the sharp run-up of food prices .
People fear what 's next .
They worry whether complex financial markets and a globalized economy are unstable .
These are legitimate anxieties .
Economist Nouriel Roubini of New York University believes additional losses at banks and investment banks are being disguised by lax accounting practices .
If so , things might get worse .
Still , parallels are limited .
With hindsight , economic historians ascribe the Great Depression to a passive Federal Reserve , which did n't stop bank panics and allowed a dramatic drop in the money supply to worsen deflation .
Today , no one can accuse Ben Bernanke 's Fed of being passive .
It has sharply cut interest rates and , with the Treasury Department , performed repeated acts of artificial respiration on financial markets ( rescuing Bear Stearns and , recently , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac ) .
Indeed , some observers -- including me -- wonder whether the Fed 's aggressive policies to avoid an economic downturn might unwisely sanction higher inflation .
We are relearning an old lesson :
The business cycle is n't dead .
Prosperity 's pleasures breed complacency and inspire mistakes that , in time , boomerang on financial markets , job creation and production .
Just as expansions ultimately tend to self - destruct , so downswings tend to generate self - correcting forces .
People pay down debts ; pent - up demand develops ; surviving companies expand .
The Great Depression was an exception .
The present economy would have to get much , much , much worse before it warranted the same appraisal .
NEW YORK ( Reuters Health ) - Patients with incurable cancer are often not clearly informed of what they stand to gain from palliative chemotherapy , according to the study results published in BMJ Online First .
As a result , British investigators say , patients may lack sufficient knowledge make a decision based on informed consent .
Palliative chemotherapy is not intended to cure patients of cancer , only to make their lives more tolerable .
Nonetheless , this treatment may slightly improve survival .
Dr. Suzanne Audrey , at the University of Bristol , and colleagues observed and recorded 9 oncologists and 37 patients during consultations in which palliative chemotherapy for advanced lung , pancreas , or colon cancer was first discussed .
In all cases , patients were informed that their cancer could not be cured , and the purpose of palliative chemotherapy was explained .
They were also informed about treatment options , common side effects and associated risks .
In 8 cases , survival was not discussed at all .
In 18 cases , information was “ vague , ” involving comments such as “ about 4 weeks , a few months extra , and buy you some time . ”
Only 6 patients were given numerical data about how much longer they would probably live if palliative chemotherapy were used .
“ If the oncologist focuses on the benefits of palliative chemotherapy in terms of control of symptoms and quality of life , but omits information about survival benefit , the patient might assume much greater potential to prolong life than is likely to be the case , ” Audrey and colleagues suggest .
“ Perhaps most difficult of all is when a patient , or their partner or carer , makes it clear that they do not want to receive any more bad news .
Talking about life expectancy can seem cruel at this point , ” they continue .
“ But ... supplying basic information about the survival benefit of treatment need not entail giving ‘ intrusive ’ data about prognosis . ”
Instead of evading the subject , the authors recommend that oncologists receive coaching on how to inform patients without taking away hope .
In a related editorial , Dr. Daniel F. Munday at Myton Hamlet Hospice in Warwick and Dr. E. Jane Maher at Mount Vernon Hospital in Middlesex urge researchers to investigate the dynamics of end - of - life consultations and to develop “ decision aids ” to help patients fully understand and interpret the information they are given .
SOURCE : BMJ Online First , August 1 , 2008 .
Why was Giuliani ’s Office of Emergency Management bunker in WTC 7 empty and “ deactivated ” as the 9/11 spectacle unfolded ?
Jeremy Baker
In 1999 , NYC Mayor Rudy Giuliani constructed a $ 13 million emergency command retreat on the 23rd floor of World Trade Center Building 7 — an armored , self - contained facility designed to provide a safe haven for leadership in the event of a natural disaster or terrorist attack .
But several first responders interviewed after 9/11 claim that the Office of Emergency Management ’s Emergency Operations Center ( OEMEOC ) was empty and “ deactivated ” as early as 9 AM on the morning of September 11th , a time when just such an emergency was in full swing .
As early as 8:24 AM , Air Traffic Controllers had become aware that American Airlines Flight 11 was in trouble and had possibly been hijacked .
Any doubts were soon dispelled when , at 8:46 , the enormous passenger jet slammed into the upper floors of the North Tower , the 110 storey skyscraper that stood one block south of WTC 7 .
It seems reasonable to assume ( and has been stated as fact ) that , as the spectacle unfolded , throngs of government officials and high ranking rescue personnel were flocking to the OEM bunker in WTC 7 to man their stations .
Jennings and Hess
But testimonies recorded after the attacks from rescue workers and OEM personnel tell a very different story .
Barry Jennings , Deputy Director of the NYC Housing Authority ’s Emergency Services Department , reported to the OEM bunker with a colleague , NYC ’s corporation counsel Michael Hess , just before the second plane , Flight 175 , hit the South Tower at 9:03 .
Unbelievably , they were n’t able to access the OEM : “ We got up to the [ OEMEOC ] , we could n’t get in , we had to go back down . ” [ 1 ]
Police then escorted them to a freight elevator and they were finally able to return to the 23rd floor and enter the facility .
“ To my amazement nobody ’s there .
I saw coffee that was still hot , still smoldering .
They had screens all over the place , the screens were blank .
So I did n’t know what was going on . ”
How the OEM bunker could be empty at a time when the brand new facility — built for just such a contingency — should have instead been bustling with activity is incomprehensible .
The fact that Jennings and Hess were only able to access the OEM after returning to the lobby and taking a freight elevator back up appears to indicate that the elevator door for the 23rd floor was locked , not the OEM bunker itself .
It would seem that the entire floor was inaccessible , even to personnel with the proper clearances .
Any thought that Jennings and Hess might have arrived early , before other personnel had had a chance to appear , is countered by Jennings ’ next statement that , shortly after his arrival , he was called by a “ higher up ” who seemed amazed that anyone was there .
The man urged Jennings to “ Get out of there .
Get out of there now . ”
This command seems bizarre when , at that point in time , the only threat to the armored OEM bunker were the fires in the Twin Towers , the kind of threat it was designed to withstand .
Since there had been not a single case in history of a high - rise fire resulting in a collapse , it ’s hard to imagine that OEM personnel considered themselves vulnerable .
The FDNY were busy setting up command posts in the lobbies of the Twin Towers — standard operating procedure for firefighters who know that steel framed skyscrapers do n’t collapse when they burn .
It ’s also strange that the “ higher up ” that Jennings spoke with apparently did n’t elaborate as to why he and Hess were in danger .
The Explosion
But the reason why was made very clear moments later when , as they were leaving the building , a huge explosion occurred beneath them .
The explosion was so strong that the landing they were on collapsed and they had to retreat back up to the eighth floor .
Jennings recounts that he and Hess were trapped in darkness for “ an hour and a half ” and feared for their lives before finally being rescued by firefighters .
The fact that the OEM bunker was empty during the onset of the attacks is shocking enough but how OEM people could possibly have had foreknowledge of the explosion that Jennings and Hess experienced as they fled WTC 7 , an event that has been recounted in none of the official reports into the collapse of WTC buildings that day , is shocking beyond all comprehension .
At the time that Jennings and Hess were attempting to flee the building ( just after 9 AM ) , WTC 7 was undoubtedly filling with people who had just arrived for work .
But Jennings recounts seeing no one else as he and Hess were leaving .
Not a single other individual has stepped forth with stories of an explosion or a precarious escape at that time .
Could the general emptiness of WTC 7 indicate that the building itself , not just the OEM , was somehow quarantined earlier that morning ?
When Jennings was finally rescued ( after the collapse of the North Tower ) he stated that “ The firefighter who took us down kept saying ‘ do not look down . ’
And I kept saying ‘ why ?’… and we ’re stepping over people .
And you know you can feel when you ’re stepping over people . ”
Though officials have always maintained that no one died in WTC 7 on 9/11 , this comment from a respected city worker appears to dramatically refute this claim .
Zarillo and Nahmod
Another first responder interviewed after the attacks also testified that the OEM bunker had to be “ activated ” upon his arrival .
According to EMT Richard Zarillo , the second plane hit about the time he and a colleague , Captain Abdo Nahmod , were crossing the Brooklyn Bridge into Manhattan .
This puts them in the city just after 9:03 AM .
Their time of arrival at the WTC was estimated by Nahmod at about twenty minutes before the South Tower collapsed , or roughly 9:35 , a half hour after Jennings and Hess left the OEM .
“ Abdo and I went into No. 7 , activated OEM , placed calls to EMS Citywide , RCC , to tell them we were there and we were activated . ” [ 2 ]
Nahmod confirms Zarillo ’s account : “ … [ we ] began to log onto the terminals , as well as inform the citywide dispatch supervisor that we were activating OEM at this time , and operations were to begin . ” [ 3 ]
Apparently Zarillo and Nahmod were “ beginning ” operations almost a full hour after the first plane hit the North Tower .
Zarrillo ’s next statement adds a new twist : “ Maybe five , ten minutes [ after “ activating OEM ” ] a rep from OEM came into the main room and said we need to evacuate the building ; there 's a third plane inbound . ”
If the OEM bunker had been purged of personnel , what was an “ OEM rep ” still doing there an hour after the first plane hit ?
Where did the report of a “ third plane inbound ” originate and when was it first disseminated to rescue personnel ?
The Third Plane
Presumably , as the spectacle at the WTC unfolded , well planned and rehearsed OEM emergency protocols would have gone into effect and , for the first time in its short history , the OEMEOC in Building 7 would have become fully “ activated . ”
Personnel from all pertinent departments would scramble to the facility , assume their various positions and take charge .
As they assessed the shocking situation — a process that may have taken quite some time in the confusion of the moment — a second plane hit the South Tower and it was clear that a full scale terrorist attack was underway .
Any reports that a “ third ” plane was headed toward the area would obviously have had to come after the second plane hit and , therefore , certainly no earlier than shortly after 9:03 .
The decision to abandon the OEM would have pushed the clock forward five or ten minutes at minimum and the evacuation itself would have taken even longer .
It ’s hard , therefore , to imagine that the OEM bunker could have been emptied of personnel any earlier than 9:15 - 9:30 .
The fact that Jennings and Hess found themselves locked out of the facility shortly before 9 AM is remarkable and , under the circumstances , hard to comprehend .
During a BBC interview [ 4 ] , OEM Deputy Director Richard Rotanz claimed that the decision to evacuate the OEM bunker and WTC 7 came after they heard that the Pentagon was hit .
“ They were telling us that we had a plane hit us in the Pentagon and we now realized …we were under attack … [ WTC 7 ] could have been a target … it could have been a serious target . ”
This ridiculous comment from , of all people , the second in command at the OEM implies that it took his people until after two planes hit the WTC and another had hit the Pentagon ( 9:38 AM , almost 40 minutes after the first impact ) to realize that the country was under attack .
It ’s also strange that what was apparently an unconfirmed report of a possible third plane ( a report ultimately proven to be false ) could have trumped the training and protocols of a large team of emergency personnel and shut down the entire 23rd floor of WTC 7 .
The OEM Facility
Many of those who have come to believe that the attacks of 9/11 were an inside job — a classic “ false - flag ” deception designed to provoke war with the Islamic states — have raised suspicions about what was really going on at the OEM bunker that morning .
Some have made the shocking claim that the OEM was actually an operations and control center for the conspirators manned by a small cadre of insiders working covertly to orchestrate and execute every aspect of the attacks .
Though many people might find this theory to be “ beyond the pale , ” a long list of peculiarities surrounding the OEM facility ’s planning and construction have generated disbelief and suspicion so strong that even those who loyally support the official version of the attacks have expressed concerns .
And it ca n’t be argued that WTC 7 was virtually a nexus for many of the government , financial and intel agencies that 9/11 truth theorists have suggested were involved with the attacks .
Dark Origins
The completion of Mayor Giuliani ’s OEM bunker in 1999 , just a year and half before 9/11 , seems like uncanny timing in retrospect .
The facility had its own air and water supply , emergency generators and was reportedly reinforced with blast resistant glass and other features designed to protect personnel who were to take charge should a catastrophic emergency arise .
But controversy dogged the new facility from the start .
A New York Daily
News article described the bunker as “ the first - ever aerie - style bunker , ” the vast majority ( or , according to the Daily News , all ) of similar facilities in the past having been built underground and well removed from potential high - risk areas .
An emergency command retreat located high in a building would be vulnerable to a host of dangers that an underground facility would be immune to .
But questions about the wisdom of locating such a facility in the very midst of the number one terrorist target in the western hemisphere created the most controversy , especially when the WTC had already been attacked once in 1993 .
Having a large , well staffed , high - tech emergency command post destroyed by the very catastrophe it was designed to cope with ( just as WTC 7 and the OEMEOC were on 9/11 ) would be inconvenient to say the least .
As if all this were n’t enough , several bizarre directives originating within the OEM have also fueled suspicion and attracted attention from rescue workers and 9/11 skeptics alike .
The order to evacuate Building 7 and the area around the base of the Twin Towers because of an unconfirmed and ultimately false report that a possible third plane might be bearing down on the WTC complex allegedly originated with the Secret Service , but it was certainly disseminated by the OEM .
Oddly , the OEM ordered a similar evacuation of the Twin Towers at about the same time ( approx . 9:30 AM ) citing their certainty that the Twin Towers were about to collapse .
In a world that has never seen the collapse of steel framed buildings before , this order was met with disbelief , especially from firefighters .
But , later in the day , the OEM ordered the evacuation of the area around WTC 7 for much the same reason — OEM clairvoyance had somehow determined that Building 7 would be the third high - rise that day ( and in history ) to collapse due to fire .
These and other facts about the OEM bunker have raised enough suspicion among 9/11 skeptics in the years since the attacks , but the truly bizarre and relatively recent revelation that , after all the controversy and expense , after all the years of doubt and speculation , the facility was apparently shut down on , of all days , September 11th 2001 , is certainly the most shocking .
Purging the OEM
If , as theorists speculate , the OEM facility was not what it claimed to be , it ’s almost certain that only a tiny fraction of the OEM ’s total staff were in on the conspiracy .
The need to rid the sizable facility of the majority of its personnel would , therefore , be an essential part of the plan .
Barring access to the floor on which the OEM bunker was located was a crude start , as Jennings and Hess can attest , but the facts seem to suggest that OEM personnel were contacted early and told not to report to the bunker altogether .
A small cadre of key , “ in the know ” people remaining in the bunker to preside over every last detail of the complex conspiracy ( trajectories of the airplanes , demolition strategies for the Twin Towers , etc. ) would have had no trouble keeping out of sight .
The OEM bunker , the sole tenant of floor 23 , was a vast facility with apparently one “ main ” room .
Certainly there were many small , secure rooms where a tiny band of conspirators could do their work unmolested .
The fact that Zarillo and Nahmod were interrupted in their efforts to “ activate OEM ” in the empty facility by an “ OEM rep ” almost an hour after the first plane hit seems to fit the scenario perfectly .
The “ OEM rep , ” busy preparing the demolition of the Twin Towers with his cohorts in an adjacent room , becomes aware that they have unwanted guests in the OEM offices .
He then enters the “ main room , ” confronts Zarillo and Nahmod , tells them about the third plane coming in fast and orders them to leave immediately .
No Third Plane
Once Zarillo and Nahmod had been effectively purged from the scene , they were immediately told by rescue personnel in the lobby that there was no third plane after all but that a new evacuation order was in place , this time because the Twin Towers were about to collapse .
When Zarillo relayed this bizarre order to a firefighter , it was met with surprise : “ With a very confused look he said ‘ who told you that ? ’
I said ... ‘ OEM says the buildings are going to collapse ; we need to get out . ’”
When Zarillo relayed the same message to the fire chief on the scene , he got much the same response : “ [ I found ]
Chief Ganci …we got a message that the buildings are going to collapse .
His reply was ‘ who the fuck told you that ? ’ ”
A similar scenario confronted Jennings and Hess , but with one big difference .
Just after arriving at the bunker , Jennings is called by an unidentified superior who tells him to leave immediately .
Whether the call originated from several blocks away or the next room over is anyone ’s guess , but not a word is mentioned about a third plane .
It would appear that Zarillo and Nahmod were the only ones to be booted from the OEM because of the third plane threat , and that was about 45 minutes later .
Professor Graeme MacQueen of McMaster University in Ontario sifted through hundreds of interviews made after 9/11 of rescue workers and firefighters .
Almost all the individuals that mentioned the third plane threat in their interviews said that they first heard about it at approximately 9:30 .
Only a hand full of these accounts said that the order came earlier , but never any earlier than 9:15 or so .
Any claim that the OEM shelter was abandoned early because of the third plane threat would , therefore , appear to be utterly implausible .
Questions
So , what was going on at WTC 7 and the OEM just as flight 11 hit the North Tower and the attacks of 9/11 got under way ?
What happened to all the people who had just arrived for work in WTC 7 ?
Did all pertinent OEM and rescue personnel get an early message to not show up for work ?
If they did , what was the reason for this abrupt alteration of emergency protocols at a time when it had n’t even been determined that anything other than an air emergency had occurred ?
Not one person in an enormous building at least partly filled with CIA , DoD , SEC , IRS and Secret Service people — not to mention the employees of about a dozen banks and financial institutions — arriving for work that morning told tales of being caught in an enormous explosion as they fled WTC 7 ?
Did these people as well get an order not to show up that morning ?
Why would they flee the building to begin with ?
They certainly were n’t in any immediate danger .
These and other questions about what was happening in WTC 7 that morning have yet to be answered .
But the bizarre fact that the OEM bunker was empty when it should have been a bee ’s hive of activity is only the latest revelation in the dark legacy of Building 7 and the shady emergency “ ops ” center the mayor built on its 23rd floor .
Copyright Darkprints , August , 2008
Web_wender(at)hotmail.com
[ 1 ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwvxt3_k7WM
[ 2 ]
http://www.nytimes.com/packages/html/nyregion/20050812_WTC_GRAPHIC/9110161.PDF
[ 3 ]
http://www.nytimes.com/packages/html/nyregion/20050812_WTC_GRAPHIC/9110061.PDF
[ 4 ]
http://205.234.134.46/node/16541
Studying for exams , freelance contracts or working on bigger projects can mean freedom with your schedule .
But it can also mean procrastination , stress from deadlines and an organizing nightmare .
Working on your own schedule can be easier .
However , there are more ways to waste your time if you are n’t being paid by the hour .
Setting Up Your Work Schedule
Whenever you start a new project , start taking classes again , or simply run into a block of flexible work time , you will need to set up a schedule .
A good schedule is one that accomplishes the work you need to do and you actually stick to it .
Unfortunately many people forget the second step and make impossible schedules that would require a machine to follow .
If you need to set up a new work routine , I prefer the top - down approach .
The top - down approach focuses you on deciding what work needs to be done , and by what deadlines .
Once you know the time limit for the work you need to do , this automatically creates the pressure to come up with a productive schedule .
Many people , however , try to go the bottom - up approach when they need to structure their time .
They start by setting aside blocks of time , and micro-managing how time will be allocated to different tasks .
This method only ensures you spend a lot of time working .
It does n’t ensure you get a lot of work finished .
Bottom - up approaches make it easy to waste time , and they can cause stress if your work does n’t fit neatly into your pre-arranged schedule .
Avoiding the Bottom - Up Curse
Students often take the bottom - up approach with their study habits .
They start by defining how many hours a day they need to “ study ” .
This is a recipe for wasting hundreds of hours re-reading textbooks in the library .
Although it ’s less obvious , a top - down method would make studying more productive .
If you started by defining the grades you want , then moved down to what you need to know , then moved down to a list of tasks and activities designed to learn that knowledge , you would n’t need to assign arbitrary hours for “ studying ” in the library .
Students are n’t the only people who get trapped in a bottom - up method .
Bottom - up approaches are popular whenever the actual work tasks are vague and finishing points are not clear .
If your job is to improve the performance of a website , for example , it seems easier to start with a certain schedule of working each day , rather than tasks and projects with specific deadlines .
Scheduling Freedom = Productive Laziness
Another trap that is easy to fall into when you control your own schedule is to assume that the time spent not working , is unproductive .
While hours spent not working may be frowned upon by employers who pay by the hour , it is n’t important when you control your own schedule .
The only thing that matters when you control your schedule , is whether the work gets done .
If you are n’t able to meet the deadlines you set , you are n’t being productive .
It does n’t matter whether you spend ten hours a day working , either the deadlines are unrealistic or you are n’t working effectively .
But the opposite is also true .
If you ’re meeting your deadlines , working fewer hours each day is n’t something to be worried about .
Setting Up a Top - Down Schedule
Setting up a work routine from the top down , means you need to start with your end results .
If you ’re working for an employer or client , those will probably be given to you .
The end result is the completion of your project or reaching a specific target set by your employer .
If you ’re a student on you are working on your own projects , this means you need to figure out what the final outcome should be .
If you can clearly define this as a starting point , you can work backwards to figure out the tasks and deadlines you need to set in order to reach it .
Part of the challenge can be picking an end result .
If your job is increasing traffic for a website , you might want a million visitors a day .
But that might not be realistic if you ’re only getting a few thousand a month .
Picking an end result means cutting off vague possibilities and creating one target .
Once you have the end result , you need to work backwards setting milestones and tasks designed to reach that target .
Except for goals that are completely within your control , this will often mean adjusting the plan frequently to meet your milestones and deadlines .
At the end of the process , you should end up with a list of tasks .
For projects completely under your control , like writing a book or finishing a design , the tasks to complete wo n’t change much from your initial plans .
For goals that have some uncertainty , such as getting A’s or increasing website traffic , the tasks may vary from the initial plan as you get more feedback .
When you end up with a list of tasks , you have the chance to be far more productive than with a bottom - up set of assigned hours .
You can work whenever you want , with flexibility , but you stay accountable to the end result .
Working on your own schedule can have challenges , but it also gives you the opportunity to do more while working fewer hours .
. FLUORIDE
The Greatest Fraud of the Twentieth Century
FLUORIDE ... THE TRUTH & THE MYTHS " Water fluoridation is the greatest case of scientific fraud of this century ... if not of all time . "
Dr Robert Carton , former President of the Union of Government Scientists at the US Environmental Protection Agency .
Enforced fluoridation will not prevent tooth decay , but it will destroy an essential aspect of consumer choice over the basic resource of drinking water .
And , it could have a strongly adverse effect on the health of our children as well as adults .
Mass studies in North America and New Zealand reveal no significant difference in decayed , missing and filled teeth ( DMFT ) between fluoridated and non-fluoridated areas .
Most European countries do not fluoridate … so where are all the toothless Europeans ?
Tooth decay is caused by poor dental hygiene and high consumption of refined sugar products .
Enforced fluoridation does nothing whatsoever to address either of these problems .
If anything , it could even be counter - productive if people neglect dental hygiene because they think fluoride in their drinking water will solve the problem for them .
Medicating everyone on the grounds that this will , arguably , help a small percentage of the population , is simply not logical .
It 's even worse when we consider the wealth of scientific evidence that fluoride can have nasty side effects ranging from cancer to cavities in tooth enamel .
Fluoride is , in fact , highly poisonous and the following outlines the long list of health problems associated with it , with copious scientific references .
I am opposed to mass medication .
I am opposed to the destruction of consumer choice in a matter so basic as public drinking water .
I believe the precautionary principle should be applied , that is , if you can't prove fluoridation is harmless , then you do NOT fluoridate .
I believe in strong , sensible measures to improve health , however , ... enforced fluoridation is definitely NOT one of them .
There are ONLY two ( 2 ) undeniable scientifically proven FACTS when it comes to good healthy teeth …
GOOD HEALTHY TEETH ARE ATTAINED BY … ( i ) A HEALTHY DIET , and ( ii ) DAILY DENTAL HYGIENE
In addition , OBESITY is reversed or controlled by ( i ) as above .
I intend to exert myself in alerting the public to the full story of fluoridation , thus allowing an informed public to decide if the government should be enforcing it upon them .
Summary ( see Appendix for references )
Fluoride is a known toxin .
It is more toxic than lead and only marginally less poisonous than arsenic
Fluoride is described by its manufacturers ' safety data as a ' hazardous waste ' .
It is illegal to dump it at sea
The content of a family - size tube of fluoridated toothpaste are enough to kill a 12.5 kilo child
Fluoride consumption by human beings increases the general cancer death rate
Fluoride exposure disrupts the synthesis of collagen and leads to the breakdown of collagen in bone , tendon , muscle , skin , cartilage , lungs , kidney and trachea
Fluoride inhibits antibody formation in the blood
Fluorides have a disruptive effect on various tissues in the body
Fluoride confuses the immune system and causes it to attack the body 's own tissues , and increases the tumour growth rate in cancer prone individuals
Fluoride kills red blood cells and damages gastric mucosa , resulting in the symptoms of ' Irritable Bowel Syndrome '
Fluorides are medically categorized as protoplasmic poisons , which is why they are used to kill rodents
Fluoride is a cumulative poison … we excrete about half what we ingest .
The rest is stored , mainly in the bones , where it increases the density but changes the internal architecture of the bone .
This makes bones more brittle and prone to fracture .
( Eight papers published in reputable medical journals have described the increased risk of hip fracture in elderly people living in fluoridated areas )
Where does this Government supported ' fluoride ' mix come from ?
This is a ' commercial secret ' , which successive Governments do n't want you to know .
However , I do want you to know .
The ' fluoride ' chemical cocktail includes ' hexafluorosilicic acid ' - a toxic industrial waste by - product derived from the super - phosphate fertiliser , and aluminium , industries .
The suppliers ' Safety Data
Sheet for hexafluorosilicic acid clearly states : " DO NOT let this chemical enter the environment .
Dispose of this product as hazardous waste .
Consult the supplier to see if he will take it back .
Readily filters into soil .
Recover cleaning water and dispose of at a specialist site . "
What 's wrong with fluoride ?
Scientific studies have shown : Fluoride is implicated in genetic disorders , cancer and low IQ levels in children
Calcium levels in the body decrease as fluoride levels rise
Fluoride induces pitting and cavity formation on the surface of tooth enamel ( cavities distinctly different from those formed as a result of dental caries )
Blood fluoride levels rise continuously with prolonged use of fluoridated toothpaste
People who ingest fluoride risk problems as the muscles , connective tissues and bone tissue undergo degenerative changes .
The appendix gives copious scientific references to support the case against enforced fluoridation .
Fluoride does NOT stop tooth decay !
Large - scale studies of the official school dental data of tens of thousands of children in the US , New Zealand and Canada show that there is no difference in the incidence of decayed , missing and filled teeth between fluoridated and non-fluoridated areas .
Tests in fluoridated West Midlands ( UK ) have found a high proportion of children suffering discoloration of the teeth due to fluoride , and a high proportion of adults with up to four times the ' safe ' level of fluoride in their body .
European children do n't have worse teeth than those in fluoridated parts of Britain .
The National Pure Water Association has repeatedly asked the UK Department of Health to cite one scientific or laboratory study from anywhere in the world which proves that fluoridation reduces tooth decay in humans .
They have failed to do so .
" There is not a single scientific , or laboratory , study from anywhere in the world which proves that fluoridation reduces tooth decay in humans .
There are , however , hundreds of published scientific papers which show that water fluoridation is dangerous to human , animal , plant and aquatic life , which is no surprise , since fluoride is more toxic than lead and only marginally less so than arsenic . "
National Pure Water Association , UK Who opposes fluoridation ?
Most European governments oppose fluoridation .
So do most local authorities in Australia .
So do many health - promotion organisations around the world .
The Netherlands tried fluoridation and banned it after doctors discovered adverse health effects .
In 1997 , more than 1,000 members of the union working at the Environmental Protection Agency HQ in Washington DC , who are directly responsible for the implementation of the US Safe Drinking Water Act , voted unanimously to ban water fluoridation .
" Our members ' review of the body of evidence over the last eleven years , including animal and human epidemiological studies , indicate a causal link between fluoride / fluoridation and cancer , genetic damage , neurological impairment and bone pathology .
Of particular concern are the recent epidemiological studies linking fluoride exposure to lower I.Q. in children .
As professionals charged with assessing the safety of drinking water , we conclude that the health and welfare of the public is not served by the addition of this substance to the public water supply . "
Vice - President of the National Federation of Federal Employees , USA .
Since 1997 fluoridated toothpaste in the USA has carried the following warning : " If you accidentally swallow more than is needed for brushing [ sic ] seek professional help or contact a Poisons Control Centre . "
The American Dental Association opposed this health warning .
They make $ billions from " accreditation " of fluoride products and certainly did n't want to see a poisons warning on their nice " clean " mega - buck earner .
The British Dental Association and the British Dental Health Foundation also make tens of thousands of pounds annually in " accreditation " of similar products .
Consumer choice , or involuntary mass ' medication ' ?
If you are convinced of the efficacy of fluoride , you can of course buy fluoride toothpaste .
It is readily available and costs no more than fluoride - free toothpaste .
You have the right to make that choice .
But if the ' fluoride lobby ' gets its way , you will never , ever , have the choice not to swallow fluoride repeatedly every day .
You will always have to imbibe a cumulative poison every time you drink a glass of water or a cup of tea .
" No physician in his right senses would prescribe for someone he has never met , whose medical history he does not know , a substance which is intended to create bodily change , with the advice : ' Take as much as you like , but you will take it for the rest of your life because some people say that it can reduce tooth decay in children . "
Dr Peter Mansfield , Director , Templegarth Trust .
Despite a wealth of evidence from around the world , Government bureaucrats still insist that " ... water fluoridation is safe and effective and no adverse effects have ever been found ... "
The NHS even lacks a facility for testing fluoride levels in blood and urine .
No wonder it does n't spot the adverse effects , when it is n't looking for them .
In 1998 Dr. Peter Mansfield , Director of the Templegarth Trust , tested over 200 volunteers from the fluoridated West Midlands ( UK ) .
He found that 60 % of them were ingesting up to four times the amount of fluoride considered to be " safe " .
He sent the results to the very highest levels at the Department of Health … and was ignored .
But he has been attacked by leading pro-fluoride promoters .
He commented : " They have no results of their own and are not willing to replicate my tests .
It is obvious that the symptoms of joint pain and stiffness suffered by many of these volunteers are misdiagnosed .
This is most serious negligence . "
Successive Australian governments have rejected a call for a full public inquiry into the effects of fluoridation , preferring instead to close its eyes to the evidence .
Meanwhile it uses taxpayers ' money to promote fluoridation .
What needs to be done ?
Tooth decay is caused by poor dental hygiene and excessive consumption of refined sugar products .
Fluoridation wo n't improve dental hygiene , but it will destroy consumer choice and add a known toxin to the drinking water of millions … against their will .
I believe that a majority of Australians want : A properly resourced strategy for reducing tooth decay , including education about dental hygiene , targeting children and adults
A TOTAL ban on the fluoridation of drinking water
A health warning on all sources of fluoride intended for human consumption
What can you do ?
Write to your local Council 's Chief Executive Officer demanding the above
Send a similar letter as that to your Council 's Chief Execulive Officer to Nicola Roxon , Federal Minister for Health and Ageing , making the same demands
Support the ' FLUORIDE ... MY CHOICE ' Campaign against compulsory fluoridation .
References on the scientific case against artificial fluoride ...
Fluoride exposure disrupts the synthesis of collagen and leads to the breakdown of collagen in bone , tendon , muscle , skin , cartilage , lungs , kidney and trachea .
A. K. Susheela and Mohan Jha , " Effects of Fluoride on Cortical and Cancellous Bone Composition " , IRCS Medical Sciences : Library Compendium , Vol 9 , No.11 , pp 1021 -1022 ( 1981 )
" Fluorides are general protoplasmic poisons , with the capacity to modify the metabolism of cells by inhibiting certain enzymes .
Sources of fluoride intoxication include drinking water containing 1 ppm or more of fluorine . "
Journal of the American Medical Association , September 18 , 1943 Fluoride stimulates granule formation and oxygen consumption in white blood cells , but inhibits these processes when the white blood cell is challenged by a foreign agent in the blood .
Robert A. Clark , " Neutrophil Iodination Reaction Induced by Fluoride : Implications for Degranulation and Metabolic Activation , " Blood , Vol 57 , pp. 913-921 ( 1981 )
Fluoride depletes the energy reserves and the ability of white blood cells to properly destroy foreign agents by the process of phagocytosis .
As little as 0.2 - ppm fluoride stimulates superoxide production in resting white blood cells , virtually abolishing phagocytosis .
Even micro-molar amounts of fluoride , below 1 ppm , may seriously depress the ability of white blood cells to destroy pathogenic agents .
" Immune Status of Children in Chemically Contaminated Environments " , Zdravookhranenie , Issue 3 , pp 6 - 9 ( 1987 )
Fluoride confuses the immune system and causes it to attack the body 's own tissues , and increases the tumour growth rate in cancer prone individuals .
Alfred Taylor and Nell C. Taylor , " Effect of Sodium Fluoride on Tumour Growth " , Proceedings of the Society for Experimental Biology and Medicine , Vol 119 , p 252( 1965 ) ; Sheila Gibson , " Effects of Fluoride on Immune System Function " , Complementary Medical Research , Vol 6 , pp 111-113 ( 1992 )
Fluoride inhibits antibody formation in the blood .
S. K. Jain and A.K. Susheela , " Effect of Sodium Fluoride on Antibody Formation in Rabbits " , Environmental Research , Vol. 44 , pp 117-125 ( 1987 ) Fluoride depresses Thyroid activity .
Viktor Gorlitzer Von Mundy , " Influence of Fluorine and Iodine on the Metabolism , Particularly on the Thyroid Gland , " Muenchener Medicische Wochenschrift , Vol 105 , pp 182-186 ( 1963 ) ; " Effect of Fluorine on Thyroid Iodine Metabolism and Hyperthyroidism " , Journal of Clinical Endocrinology and Metabolism , Vol. 18 , pp 1102 - 1110 ( 1958 )
Fluorides have a disruptive effect on various tissues in the body .
Vilber A.O. Bello and Hillel J. Gitelman , " High Fluoride Exposure in Hemodialysis Patients " , American Journal of Kidney Diseases , Vol. 15 , pp 320-324 ( 1990 ) Fluoride promotes development of bone cancer .
S.E. Hrudley et al. , " Drinking Water Fluoridation and Osteosarcoma " Canadian Journal of Public Health , Vol 81 , pp 415-416 ( 1990 ) ; Irwin Herskowitz and Isabel Norton , " Increased Incidence of Melanotic Tumours Following Treatment with Sodium Fluoride " , Genetics Vol 48 , pp 307-310 ( 1963 )
Fluorides cause premature aging of the human body .
Nicholas Leone , " Medical Aspects of Excessive Fluoride in a Water Supply " , Public Health Reports , Vol 69 , pp 925-936 ( 1954 ) ; " The Village Where People are Old Before their Time " , Stern Magazine , Vol 30 , pp 107-108,111-112 ( 1978 )
Fluoride ingestion from mouth rinses and dentifrices in children is extremely hazardous to biological development , life span and general health .
Yngve Ericsson and Britta Forsman , " Fluoride retained from mouth rinses and dentifrices in preschool children " , Caries Research , Vol.3 , pp 290-299 ( 1969 ) ; W.L. Augenstein , et al. , " Fluoride ingestion in children : a review of 87 cases " , Paediatrics , Vol 88 , pp 907-912 , ( 1991 ) ; George Waldbott , " Mass Intoxication from Over - Fluoridation in Drinking Water " , Clinical Toxicology , Vol 18 , No 5 , pp 531-541 ( 1981 )
Fluorides diminish the intelligence capability of the human brain .
Fluoride , Vol 26 , No.4 , pp 189-192 , 1995 , " Effect of Fluoride Exposure on Intelligence In Children " .
Presented to the 20th Conference of the International Society for Fluoride Research , Beijing , China , September 5 - 9 , 1994 Fluoride studies in rats can be indicative of a potential for motor disruption , intelligence deficits and learning disabilities in humans .
Humans are exposed to plasma levels of fluoride as high as those in rat studies .
Fluoride involves interruption of normal brain development .
Fluoride affects the hippocampus in the brain , which integrates inputs from the environment , memory , and motivational stimuli , to produce behavioural decisions and modify memory .
Experience with other developmental neurotoxicants prompts expectations that changes in behavioural functions will be comparable across species , especially humans and rats .
Neurotoxicology and Teratology , Vol 17 , No , 2 , p 176 , " Neurotoxicity of Sodium F luoride " , Muellenix , Denbesten , Schunior , Kernan , 1995 Fluorides accumulate in the brain over time to reach neurologically harmful levels .
Neurotoxicology and Teratology , Vol 17 , No , 2 , p 176 , " Neurotoxicity of Sodium Fluoride " , Muellenix , Denbesten , Schunior , Kernan , 1995 " Drinking water containing as little as 1.2 ppm fluoride will cause developmental disturbances .
We cannot run the risk of producing such serious systemic disturbances .
The potentialities for harm outweigh those for good . "
Journal of the American Dental Association , Editorial , October 1 , 1944
The contents of a family - size tube of fluoridated toothpaste is enough to kill a 12.5 kilo child .
In 1991 , the Akron ( Ohio ) Regional Poison Centre reported , " … death has been reported following ingestion of 16 mg / kg of fluoride .
Only 1/10 of an ounce of fluoride could kill a 50 kilo adult .
According to the Centre , " fluoride toothpaste contains up to 1 mg / gram of fluoride . "
Even Proctor and Gamble , the makers of Crest , acknowledge that a family - sized tube " theoretically contains enough fluoride to kill a small child . "
( National Pure Water Association , UK ) " Fluorides have been used to modify behaviour and mood of human beings .
It is a little known fact that fluoride compounds were added to the drinking water of prisoners to keep them docile and inhibit questioning of authority , both in Nazi prison camps in World War II and in the Soviet gulags in Siberia . "
National Pure Water Association , UK Fluorides are medically categorized as protoplasmic poisons , which is why they are used to kill rodents .
The Journal of the American Medical Association on September 18 , 1943 , states , " … fluorides are general protoplasmic poisons , changing the permeability of the cell membrane by inhibiting certain enzymes .
The exact mechanisms of such actions are obscure . "
Fluoride consumption by human beings increases the general cancer death rate .
In 1975 Dr John Yiamouyiannis published a preliminary survey , which shows that people in fluoridated areas have a higher cancer death rate than those in non-fluoridated areas .
The National Cancer Institute attempts to refute the studies .
Later in 1975 , Yiamouyiannis joins with Dr. Dean Burk , chief chemist of the National Cancer Institute ( 1939 - 1974 ) in performing other studies which are then included in the Congressional Record ( USA ) by Congressman Delaney , who was the original author of the Delaney Amendment , which prohibited the addition of cancer - causing substances to food used for human consumption .
Both reports confirmed the existence of a link between fluoridation and cancer .
( Note : Obviously Dr. Burk felt free to agree with scientific truth only after his tenure at NCI ended , since his job depended on towing the party line )
Fluorides have little or no effect on decay prevention in humans .
In 1990 Dr John Colquhoun is forced into early requirement in New Zealand after he conducts a study on 60,000 school children and finds no difference in tooth decay between fluoridated and non-fluoridated areas .
He additionally finds that a substantial number of children in fluoridated areas suffered from dental fluorosis .
He makes the study public .
There is no scientific data that shows that fluoride mouth rinses and tablets are safe for human use .
A 1989 study by Hildebolt , on 6,000 school children contradicts any alleged benefit from the use of sodium fluorides .
In 1990 a study by Dr John Yiamouyiannis on 39,000 school children contradicts any alleged benefits from the use of sodium fluorides .
In 1992 Michael Perrone , a legislative assistant in New Jersey , contacts the FDA requesting all information regarding the safety and effectiveness of fluoride tablets and drops .
After 6 months of stalling , the FDA admitted they had no data to show that fluoride tablets or drops were either safe or effective .
They informed Perrone that they will " probably have to pull the tablets and drops off the market . "
In 1976 , Dr D. W. Allman and co-workers from Indiana University School of Medicine ( USA ) feed animals 1 part - per-million ( ppm ) fluoride and found that in the presence of aluminium in a concentration as small as 20 parts per billion , ( like in a toothpaste tube , using aluminium pans to boil water , or drinking beverages in aluminium cans ) , fluoride is able to cause an even larger increase in cyclic AMP levels .
Cyclic AMP inhibits the migration rate of white blood cells , as well as the ability of the white blood cell to destroy pathogenic organisms .
Journal of Dental Research , Vol 55 , Sup B , p 523 , 1976 , " Effect of Inorganic Fluoride Salts on Urine and Tissue Cyclic AMP Concentration in Vivo " .
" Fluoridation is the greatest case of scientific fraud of this century , if not of all time . "
Robert Carlton , Ph.D. , former U.S. EPA scientist on " Marketplace " Canadian Broadcast Company Nov 24 , 1992 " Regarding fluoridation , the EPA should act immediately to protect the public , not just on the cancer data , but on the evidence of bone fractures , arthritis , mutagenicity and other effects " William Marcus , Ph.D. , senior EPA toxicologist , Covert Action , 1992 , p 66
In the final analysis , when ALL the facts are revealed , the ONLY way to arrive at the expressed majority ' will of the people ' , is to put the question …
' Do YOU consent to the compulsory fluoridation of your drinking water supply ? ' ... to a duly constituted and legally conducted ' REFERENDUM ' of the people , in conjunction with a State or Federal election ! '
It simply comes down to …
It 's YOUR choice !
RETURN TO : FLUORIDE MAIN PAGE
( CNN ) -- Scientists working with NASA 's Phoenix Lander are reasonably sure they have detected a toxic chemical in the soil near the north pole of Mars .
The Phoenix lander 's inverted scoop prepares to take soil samples on Mars in this undated image .
But they say hearty strains of microbes might be able to live there anyway -- and even thrive on it .
" This is an important piece of the puzzle as we attempt to determine whether habitable conditions exist for microbes on Mars , " said Phoenix principal investigator Peter Smith , of the University of Arizona .
" In itself , it is neither good nor bad for life . "
The chemical , perchlorate , is an oxidant widely used in solid rocket fuel , but can also be naturally occuring on Earth .
It is found in soil of Chile 's barren Atacama desert -- generally believed to be one of the most lifeless places on Earth -- but scientists have been able to isolate strains of bacteria living in that soil .
Watch report on Mars lander findings »
Such organisms are known as " extremophiles , " because they have evolved to live in harsh environments .
And if it could happen on Earth , why not Mars ?
" This desert is a hyper - arid environment that rarely sees rain , and has no vascular plants , and is often used by scientists as a matter of fact as a Martian ' analog ' site , " Smith said Tuesday .
Learn more about Mars lander mission »
" These compounds are quite stable in soil and water and do not destroy organic materials under normal circumstances .
In fact there are species of perchlorate - producing microbes that live on the energy provided by this oxidant . "
Part of the NASA rocket that launched Phoenix to Mars contains ammonium perchlorate , and the team has called in a propellant expert to explore whether or it somehow could have contaminated the science instruments during launch .
They consider that possibility remote , however , Smith said .
Researchers are still puzzling over the results , and say they have as many questions as answers right now about what this all means .
More data collection , analysis , and review is needed , Smith said .
The team likely would not have announced these results at this time , but Smith said they felt compelled to speak out to squelch inaccurate rumors circulating on the Internet that the White House had been briefed on a significant breakthrough having to do with life on Mars .
" It 's not the way we 'd prefer to do it , " he said .
" Unfortunately there was a story out that we were hiding something , and of course as soon as that story goes out people speculate .
The speculation leads to all kinds of wonderful stories of discoveries that I wish we 'd made , but we have n't . "
Even if it turns out perchlorate in the soil makes it unlikely that life could exist there , it does not rule out the possibility that life once existed in the distant past .
It is also possible that subsurface life exists there now , perhaps in a deep underground aquifer .
All About NASA • Mars Exploration • Phoenix Mars Lander
Aug. 7 , 2008  --
In an online chat today on her Web site , former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton assured supporters that she and Sen. Barack Obama are committed to making the party " fully unified heading into the November election . "
Obama clinched the Democratic presidential nomination after a bruising primary battle with Clinton .
Both Democrats have since sought to publicly ease tensions between the campaigns .
As Democrats near the Aug. 25 start date of their party convention , Clinton acknowledged in her chat that " excitement and curiosity is certainly starting to build " but that " no decisions have been made yet . "
Clinton said , " I will make sure that we keep you up to date and involved with all of the convention activity . "
Flying from Minneapolis to Chicago , Obama described working with Clinton 's staff as " seamless " .
Asked whether or not entering Clinton 's name into nomination would heal party rifts , Obama said , " I do n't think we 're looking for catharsis .
I think what we 're looking for is energy and excitement about the prospects of changing this country . "
Obama provided no further detail on Clinton 's convention activities , stating only that " it is getting worked out by our staffs " and stressing their shared enthusiasm " for a unified party " .
A Convention Nomination ?
Asked whether or not her name would be placed into nomination at the convention , Clinton did not rule out the possibility and said , " Senator Obama and I share the goal of ensuring that the voices of everyone who participated in this historic process are respected . "
Clinton 's Thursday
Web chat follows remarks she made to a gathering of supporters last week during which the New York senator said she 's looking for a " strategy " for her delegates to have their voices heard and " respected " at the Democratic National Convention .
" I happen to believe that we will come out stronger if people feel that their voices were heard and their views were respected .
I think that is a very big part of how we actually come out unified , " Clinton said at a California fundraiser last Thursday , in a video clip captured by an attendee and posted on YouTube .
" Because I know from just what I 'm hearing , that there 's incredible pent - up desire .
And I think that people want to feel like , ' OK , it 's a catharsis , we 're here , we did it , and then everybody get behind Sen. Obama . '
That is what most people believe is the best way to go , " she said .
" No decisions have been made .
And so we are trying to work all this through with the DNC and with the Obama campaign . "
Clinton 's comments shed some light on a fierce behind - the - scenes squabble between the Clinton and Obama camps over how to recognize Clinton and her achievements in the primaries without overshadowing or detracting from a convention that belongs to Obama .
Clinton 's Role Being Negotiated
The New York Daily News reported Friday that Clinton has decided not to submit a signed request to the DNC to have her name put into nomination ; party rules require such a move for a candidate to be voted on .
But Clinton aides continue to say publicly that such details are still being discussed in consultations among the Clinton camp , the Obama campaign and the Democratic National Committee .
" No decisions have been made , " Clinton spokeswoman Kathleen Strand said .
" Sen. Clinton is 100 percent committed to helping Barack Obama become the next president of the United States , " Strand added .
" She is very appreciative of the continued commitment of her supporters and understands there are passionate feelings around the convention .
While no decisions have been made at this time , they will be made collaboratively with Sen.
Clinton and her staff , the DNC and Sen. Obama 's campaign and released at the appropriate time . "
Hillary Clinton Holds Convention Bargaining Chip
Sources close to both Obama and Clinton told ABC News that the New York senator is highly unlikely to allow her name to be formally submitted for a roll - call vote on the convention floor .
The Obama campaign wants to avoid such a vote , since it would underscore the party 's splits and remind voters of the divisive primary campaign between the two Democrats .
The refusal to publicly announce her intentions is widely seen as a bargaining chip Clinton is holding on to as party officials negotiate logistics regarding her convention speech and other activities , according to several Democrats who are closely involved in the matter .
Clinton plans to hold a Web chat with supporters Thursday afternoon where she might clarify her convention role .
In announcing the Web chat , she urged her supporters to continue to stay tuned to her Web site for updates about her convention activities .
But the very fact that details of her convention role remain unresolved less than three weeks before the Democrats descend upon Denver is a fresh sign of the difficulties the party will face at a convention when nearly half the delegates were chosen because of their support for a candidate who will not be the nominee .
History provides little guidance :
In the modern convention era , the delegate count for the two leading candidates has never been this close .
Lanny Davis , a longtime friend and supporter of the Clintons , called the idea of putting Clinton 's name into nomination a " completely idiotic idea that leads to nothing but party disharmony . "
Still , the fact that some Clinton supporters are clamoring for a chance to vote for her at the convention is partly Obama 's fault , he said .
Davis , who described himself as " 100 percent behind Obama " in the general election , said Obama should be doing more -- in symbolic and substantive gestures -- to make clear he values and needs the support of former Clinton supporters .
" It 's a reflection of genuine frustration by Hillary Clinton supporters that Sen. Obama seems to have forgotten about 18 million voters , " Davis said .
" My concern about Sen .
Obama is he does n't recognize that the outreach to the Clinton grass roots has to be more visible , more overt , as well as more symbolic . "
The two camps have worked cooperatively on a draft of the party platform , and Clinton is set to hit the campaign trail for Obama on Friday , appearing by herself at an Obama event in Nevada .
The campaigns also issued a joint statement late today , reiterating that there is no division .
" We are working together to make sure the fall campaign and the convention are a success , " the joint statement said .
" At the Democratic Convention , we will ensure that the voices of everyone who participated in this historic process are respected and our party will be fully unified heading into the November election . "
Clinton Delegate Gathering Signatures
And party leaders are coming together to help retire her campaign debt , with House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid scheduled to headline a fundraiser on her behalf Sept. 17 .
Still , some Clinton loyalists have complained that Obama has n't done enough to help Clinton pay off the debt she amassed during the primaries .
Davis said that if Obama wo n't name Clinton as his running mate , he could at least designate her the convention 's keynote speaker .
Clinton will get a choice prime - time slot Tuesday night , but no decisions have been announced regarding the keynote address .
" Her supporters want -- after 18 million votes , and the record of success from March 1 through June 1 -- to feel recognized , and I think we should , " Davis said .
Clinton is facing pressure from some of her die - hard supporters to request that her name to be placed into nomination .
Several groups of Clinton supporters are organizing marches and demonstrations in Denver .
Major events are being planned for Aug. 26 , the date Clinton is slated to speak at the convention -- which happens to be the 88th anniversary of the ratification of the constitutional amendment guaranteeing women 's suffrage .
Susan Castner , a Clinton delegate from Portland , Ore. , is gathering the 300 signatures from delegates that Clinton would need in case she decides she wants to be part of convention balloting .
" We will have this in hand for Sen . Clinton , should this be needed , " said Castner , who said that she 's already gathered about half the necessary signatures .
Castner said she and many other Clinton supporters will only feel as if their voices are being heard if they are allowed to vote for Clinton on a first ballot .
" It 's been a tradition since the late 1800s -- it 's a nominating convention , you vote , you nominate someone , and you come out unified .
I do n't see how alienating 1,800 delegates gives you party unity when we walk out of the stadium , " she said .
" Hillary delegates feel like we 're not welcome , needed , or valued . "
" I cannot believe that Sen. Clinton , after putting in that much time , energy and effort , would just say , ' Nah , take my name out , ' " Castner said .
Obama Campaign Downplays Reports of Tension
Some Clinton backers have even speculated that a roll call could result in a Clinton victory , though Clinton herself has said such an outcome is nearly impossible .
Many Clinton delegates have followed their candidate 's lead and are fully supporting Obama 's candidacy , so Clinton will likely wind up with fewer votes in a roll call than her delegate total as of the final primaries June 3 .
" What we want to have happen is for Sen . Obama to be nominated by a unified convention of Democrats , " Clinton said at the California fundraiser last week .
" And as I have said , the best way I think -- and I could be wrong -- but the best way I think to do that is to have a strategy so that my delegates feel like they have a role , and that their legitimacy has been validated . "
She added : " It 's as old as , you know , as Greek drama .
You know , there is a catharsis .
I mean , everybody comes and , you know , they want to yell and scream and have their opportunity , and I think that 's all to the good .
Because then , you know , everybody can go , ' OK , great , now let 's go out and win . ' "
" And that 's what we want people to feel .
We do not want any Democrat either in the hall or in the stadium or at home walking away saying , ' Well , you know , I 'm just not satisfied , I 'm not happy . '
Because , I mean , that 's what I 'm trying to avoid . "
The clear challenge for Clinton , Obama , and the DNC is to allow for the Clinton delegates to feel satisfied and energized without undermining the legitimacy of Obama 's nomination .
Nick Shapiro , an Obama campaign spokesman , downplayed reports of tension between the two camps .
" Sen . Clinton will play a critical role in this convention and is also playing a critical role in the campaign , " Shapiro said .
" She has campaigned for Obama , raised money for him and spoken on his behalf on several occasions .
We appreciate and look forward to her continued support . "
ABC News ' John Berman and Sunlen Miller contributed to this report .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Masses of dust floating around a distant binary star system suggest that two Earth - like planets obliterated each other in a violent collision , U.S. researchers reported on Friday .
This artist 's rendering , released September 19 , 2008 , shows a planetary collision in the constellation Aries .
REUTERS / Lynette R. Cook / UCLA / Handout
“ It ’s as if Earth and Venus collided with each other , ” Benjamin Zuckerman , an astronomer at the University of California Los Angeles , who worked on the study , said in a statement .
“ Astronomers have never seen anything like this before ; apparently major , catastrophic , collisions can take place in a fully mature planetary system . ”
Writing in the Astrophysical Journal , the team at UCLA , Tennessee State University and the California Institute of Technology said it spotted the dust orbiting a star known as BD + 20 307 , 300 million light - years from Earth in the constellation Aries .
A light - year is the distance light travels in a year , or about 6 trillion miles .
So the observations are , in essence , looking back in time 300 million years .
“ If any life was present on either planet , the massive collision would have wiped out everything in a matter of minutes : the ultimate extinction event , ” said Gregory Henry of Tennessee State University .
BD +20 307 appears to be composed of two stars , both very similar in mass , temperature and size to the Earth ’s sun .
They spin about their common centre of mass every 3 1/2 days or so .
“ The planetary collision in BD +20 307 was not observed directly but , rather , was inferred from the extraordinary quantity of dust particles that orbit the binary pair at about the same distance as Earth and Venus are from our sun , ” Henry said .
“ If this dust does indeed point to the presence of terrestrial planets , then this represents the first known example of planets of any mass in orbit around a close binary star . ”
In July 2005 , the team reported it had spotted the system , then believed to consist of a single star .
It was surrounded by more warm orbiting dust than any other sun-like star known to astronomers .
“ This poses two very interesting questions , ” said Tennessee State ’s Francis Fekel .
“ How do planetary orbits become destabilized in such an old , mature system ?
Could such a collision happen in our own solar system ? ”
Download Download ( h/t Heather )
Let 's give Chris Matthews credit for this one ... he is absolutely gobsmacked that the McCain campaign can try to posture themselves as being for change and reform when it is the Republican policies that have put us in such a tremulous position economically .
McCain Sr. Policy Advisor Nancy Pfotenhauer ( herself a HUGE proponent of these failed policies and a lobbyist -- along with her husband -- to push these corporate first , country last policies ) tries to put her best face on it , predictably claiming it is Democrats AND Republicans , but Matthews is n't having it .
MATTHEWS : But I do n't understand ... John McCain is the nominee of the Republican Party .
PFOTENHAUER : Yes .
MATTHEWS :
He 's going to stand in that debate next Friday night on the 26th , because he is the nominee of the Republican Party .
That 's why he has a 50/50 chance of winning this election .
Because he is the nominee of the Republican Party and the other guy is the nominee - Barack Obama - of the Democratic Party .
How can you run away from the party whose platform you 're running on ?
I do n't understand how you can deny that you 're the in party , you 're the incumbent party .
Well , exactly .
This is the meme with which the Democratic Party ought to hit back hard .
The Republican Party has had the better part of the last 30 years being in charge of Legislative or Executive branches , often both .
THEY DO NOT GOVERN WELL .
The country is much poorer for Republican policies .
Why in the hell would we give another Republican a shot ?
For those who commute to work on a bus or a train , Moop .
Me's iNap [ App Store ] application provides a unique tool to let you get some extra sleep without missing your destination :
Ever wanted to get some sleep during a train ride , or a quick powernap on the bus to work ?
You either hoped to wake just in time not to miss your station , or set an alarm to wake you far too early ...
Let iNap wake you when you get close to your stop !
i Nap is a ' next - generation ' travel alarm .
Using the GPS in your iPhone it will determine where you are , and wake you when you are close to your destination !
i Nap is available for $ 0.99 and works best with an iPhone 3G ( with real GPS ) .
App Store Link : iNap
One of John McCain 's official photos -- in which he 's posed among Greek columns .
And ...
Or how about John McCain speaking at the 2004 Republican Convention -- at a podium that resembles a Christian pulpit .
UPDATE : This is going to be a major story for the rest of today and tomorrow .
Proof .
The Icelandic government has taken control of the country 's third - largest bank , Glitnir , after the company faced short - term funding problems .
The government has bought a 75 % stake in the bank for 600 m euros ( $ 860 m ; £ 478 m ) to ensure stability of the bank during the current financial turmoil .
Glitnir is expected to operate as normal and the government said it did not intend to hold the stake for long .
It is the first Icelandic banking nationalisation of the current crisis .
Without this intervention Glitnir would have ceased to exist within the next few weeks
David Oddsson , Icelandic central bank governor
The rescue plan follows meetings between Glitnir and the Central Bank of Iceland to discuss a solution to the bank 's problems after the deterioration of its funding position .
The government 's offer was put on the table on Sunday night and accepted at a board meeting on Monday .
Central bank governor David Oddsson told a news conference : " Without this intervention Glitnir would have ceased to exist within the next few weeks .
It 's as simple as that . "
' Turbulent markets '
Glitnir 's chief executive , Larus Welding , who was appointed to the post in May 2007 , will remain in his role .
" The board and management of Glitnir have diligently worked at securing the bank 's funding in the past months ' turbulent markets but unfortunately the bank saw adverse development in the past few days , " Mr Welding said in a statement .
The bank 's chairman , Thorsteinn Mar Baldvinsson , added : " I have emphasised increasing efficiency in the bank 's operations .
" I am sorry that we were not able to solve this as we had initially planned . "
News of the takeover sent the Icelandic crown plunging to a fresh record low against the euro .
Iceland 's banks and its economy have been under pressure since a sharp slide in the country 's currency this year .
Many banks took on large foreign debts to finance overseas expansion , and the crown 's weakness increases the amount they must now pay to service their debt .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
My blogs are my expressions about global , local issues and / or personal experiences .
For specific topics , please check the categories .
The al - Qaeda attacks on New York City and the Pentagon on Sept. 11 , 2001 , truly changed the United States , and not for the better .
National pathologies and suppressed xenophobia have been unleashed as never before , fanned by the belligerent rhetoric coming out of Washington and from the U.S. media .
As James Madison put it , " If tyranny and oppression come to this land , it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy . "
That enemy has been terrorism .
It is arguable that nearly all the changes that have taken place in the United States over the past seven years have been driven by the fear of terrorism , which has been routinely exploited by politicians of both parties in pursuit of various objectives .
As a result , today ’s United States would be unrecognizable to the Founding Fathers .
Americans now have to live with persistent government monitoring of their private lives , as exemplified by a huge and growing terrorist screening database that appears in various manifestations .
The notorious no - fly list has a million entries , including more than 400,000 names of individuals , many of them U.S. citizens .
The information on the list is secret and cannot be challenged .
And then there are the two versions of the PATRIOT Act and the Military Commissions Act , all of which combine to strip the liberties that Americans have traditionally enjoyed , including the right to associate freely , to be free from arbitrary detention or harassment , and to enjoy privacy in their personal affairs .
The FBI has exploited its ability to investigate willy - nilly by issuing more than 30,000 National Security Letters annually , letters that compel the recipient to provide information on a target without any judicial oversight or due process .
To those who argue that the government has not used its enhanced powers abusively to corrupt the judicial system , one need only point to the cases of José Padilla and Sami al - Arian , both of whom were detained without cause and held for years in extralegal limbo .
Padilla may have been tortured to force him to confess .
When the government was unable to convict him on terrorism charges , it was reduced to charging him with conspiracy and making its case based not on what he had actually said or done but on ludicrous testimony that he had been speaking in code - words to conceal his activities .
Overseas , the fear of terrorism has produced nothing but bad results .
The United States has bullied friends and allies to enlist in a Manichean crusade to rid the world of terrorists .
Some of the terrorists are more properly national liberation movements , like Hezbollah and Hamas , but Washington ’s policy of one - size - fits - all means that there has been no attempt to divide and conquer through understanding that there are legitimate grievances and that all of the groups that the U.S. labels as terrorist are not the same .
Fighting terrorism has been the justification of a series of disastrous wars , starting with Afghanistan and continuing with Iraq .
It may yet result in a third and even a fourth war in Asia , against Iran and Syria , as some of the most persistent charges made against those countries by the U.S. government and media is that they are supporting terrorists .
Terrorism and terrorists were cited repeatedly in soundbites at both the Democratic and Republican conventions and by every candidate , but there never was any serious discussion of the problem of terrorism per se , so it probably would be useful at this point to look at a balance sheet on the issue .
There has been no terrorist attack in the United States since 9/11 .
That is surely somewhat due to improved border security and visa control that makes it more difficult for foreign terrorists to enter the country , but it might also be because there appears to be little sympathy for terrorist movements among Muslims living in the United States .
There are many arrests on terrorism charges every year in the U.S. , but most of the cases are budget - driven as there is a lot of money available to investigate " terrorists . "
It is also career - enhancing for a law enforcement officer to make a terrorist case arrest .
Most of the arrests are , however , plea - bargained into immigration offenses or quietly dropped .
The successful prosecutions have been ridiculous , in many cases aided and abetted by an " informant " inserted in the group who may have served as a catalyst for proposed terrorist activity .
The FBI net has swept up pizza delivery men , landscapers , truck drivers , and the unemployed .
Not a single alleged terrorist arrested and convicted in the United States has had the actual capability to carry out an act of terrorism .
In spite of the fact that there is little or no evidence of terrorists actually operating inside the U.S. , the federal government is spending in the neighborhood of $ 100 billion per year in its war against terrorism .
Considerable sums are also being spent by state and local governments and the private sector .
If one assumes that there are something like 5,000 full - time terrorists scattered around the world , that works out to $ 40 million per terrorist per year from the federal government alone .
Obviously , there is a lack of any kind of accountability in the process .
That lack of efficiency is there by design , as the terrorism business keeps many people employed , both among the contractors who feed off the budgets and the bureaucrats who man the vast , new anti-terrorism infrastructure .
As the terrorism threat in the United States at least appears to be hugely overstated , is n’t it time to cut those numbers down to size ?
Europe had a major terrorism problem in the 1970s and 1980s that was defeated by superior police and intelligence work backed up by a judicial system prepared to try suspects without any wholesale dismantling of civil liberties .
Terrorists were treated as the criminals they were , arrested , and send to jail .
More recently , the last terrorist groups in Europe , ETA and the IRA , have withered away and are on their last legs , all due to effective intelligence and police work .
If there are terrorists in the United States , they should have been handled in the same way , not through the creation of a vast , ineffective , and enormously expensive bureaucracy that erodes the rights of every citizen .
And then there is the terrorism problem overseas , the grandiose " global war on terrorism , " which the United States has undertaken as if the rest of the world had agreed that an international policeman was either desirable or necessary .
U.S. heavyhandedness over the past seven years has created more terrorists than it has killed or captured , but many of the terrorists are no longer committed ideologues .
Many resort to terror to resist the occupation of their countries while others seek revenge for the slaughter of family and friends in the numerous cases of collateral damage that have resulted from the U.S. industrialized military approach to defeat terrorism .
Afghanistan is truly in danger of becoming a narco - state run by terrorists , but , Afghanistan aside , no country wants to have terrorists in their midst , and most have taken effective steps to deny them sanctuary and funding .
This has forced terrorists to morph into national and local groups that no longer have the resources or reach of a central organization like al - Qaeda once had .
The attacks in London and Madrid were carried out by local people using their own resources .
This makes it more difficult to detect the terrorists as they are not reliant on money or associates from outside , but it also makes it possible to effectively deal with the problem locally on a case - by - case basis using law enforcement and judicial resources .
Hyping the fear of terrorism should be eliminated from our political discourse .
Terrorism is undeniably a global problem , but it cannot destroy the United States unless we Americans do it to ourselves by overreacting to the threat .
The terrorist menace has been grossly overstated for political reasons and because it is good business for the many entities that would have no other raison d’être .
It is time to make terrorism go away .
Constantly citing the terrorist problem empowers the terrorists by giving them free publicity and making them appear to be Third World Robin Hoods .
It also is a distraction , making it more difficult to discern the simple and historically proven measures that can be taken to identify , arrest , and imprison terrorists as the criminals that they truly are .
I have been trying out various options of implementing the Cake pattern in Scala , considered to be one of the many ways of doing dependency ...
Children have lost touch with the natural world and are unable to identify common animals and plants , according to a survey .
Half of youngsters aged nine to 11 were unable to identify a daddy - long - legs , oak tree , blue tit or bluebell , in the poll by BBC Wildlife Magazine .
The study also found that playing in the countryside was children 's least popular way of spending their spare time , and that they would rather see friends or play on their computer than go for a walk or play outdoors .
The survey asked 700 children to identify pictured flora and fauna .
Just over half could name bluebells , 54 per cent knew what blue tits were and 45 per cent could identify an oak .
Less than two - thirds ( 62 per cent ) identified frogs and 12 per cent knew what a primrose was .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Children performed better at identifying robins ( 95 per cent ) and badgers , correctly labelled by nine out of 10 .
Sir David Attenborough warned that children who lack any understanding of the natural world would not grow into adults who cared about the environment .
" The wild world is becoming so remote to children that they miss out , " he said , " and an interest in the natural world does n't grow as it should .
Nobody is going protect the natural world unless they understand it . "
Fergus Collins , of BBC Wildlife Magazine , said the results " reinforce the idea that many children do n't spend enough time playing in the green outdoors and enjoying wildlife – something older generations might have taken for granted " .
A surprisingly large number of children incorrectly identified the bluebells as lavender , and the deer was commonly misidentified as an antelope .
The newt , recognised by 42 per cent , was mistaken for a lizard while the primrose was thought to be a dandelion .
Experts blamed the widening gulf between children and nature on over - protective parents and the hostility to children among some conservationists , who fear that they will damage the environment .
They said that this lack of exposure to outdoor play in natural environments was vital for children 's social and emotional development .
Dr Martin Maudsley , play development officer for Playwork Partnerships , at the University of Gloucestershire , said that adults had become too protective of wild places : " Environmental sensitivities should not be prioritised over children . "
He said : " Play is the primary mechanism through which children engage and connect with the world , and natural environments are particularly attractive , inspiring and satisfying for kids .
Something magical occurs when children and wild spaces mix . "
There are bloodstains on the cracked wall behind the terrible postcard - size image and , around the dark room , splattered gore on the heavy wooden furniture .
These dark marks bear witness to a child sacrificed in the name of the abominable goddess .
Through the doorway , in the distance , colourfully dressed women are bent double , toiling in the fields , their faces worn and wrinkled from the sun , their hands cracked from digging at the dry earth from dawn until dusk .
It 's an intolerable life in the remote village of Barha , a squalid collection of mud-bricked farmers ' dwellings in the heart of the impoverished province of Khurja , Uttar Pradesh .
This corner of rural India is a lawless place of superstitions and deep prejudice .
The region , known for its sugarcane , is a tortuous eight - hour drive from Delhi and a lifetime away from the 21st century .
In Bulandshahr , the nearest town of any description , locals whispered darkly of happenings in Barha .
Their advice was unanimous : ' Do n't go .
It is an evil place .
The people there are cursed . '
Sumitra Bushan , 43 , who lived in Barha for most of her life , certainly thought she was cursed .
Her husband had long abandoned her , leaving her with debts and a life of servitude in the sugarcane fields .
Her sons , Satbir , 27 , and Sanjay , 23 , were regarded as layabouts .
Life was bad but then the nightmares and terrifying visions of Kali allegedly began , not just for Sumitra but her entire family .
She consulted a tantrik , a travelling ' holy man ' who came to the village occasionally , dispensing advice and putrid medicines from the rusty amulets around his neck .
His guidance to Sumitra was to slaughter a chicken at the entrance to her home and offer the blood and remains to the goddess .
She did so but the nightmares continued and she began waking up screaming in the heat of the night and returned to the priest .
' For the sake of your family , ' he told her , ' you must sacrifice another , a boy from your village . '
Ten days ago Sumitra and her two sons crept to their neighbour 's home and abducted three - year - old Aakash Singh as he slept .
They dragged him into their home and the eldest son performed a puja ceremony , reciting a mantra and waving incense .
Sumitra smeared sandalwood paste and globules of ghee over the terrified child 's body .
The two men then used a knife to slice off the child 's nose , ears and hands before laying him , bleeding , in front of Kali 's image .
In the morning Sumitra told villagers she had found Aakash 's body outside her house .
But they attacked and beat her sons who allegedly confessed .
' I killed the boy so my mother could be safe , ' Sanjay screamed .
All three are now in prison , having escaped lynch mob justice .
The tantrik has yet to be found .
Police in Khurja say dozens of sacrifices have been made over the past six months .
Last month , in a village near Barha , a woman hacked her neighbour 's three - year - old to death after a tantrik promised unlimited riches .
In another case , a couple desperate for a son had a six - year - old kidnapped and then , as the tantrik chanted mantras , mutilated the child .
The woman completed the ritual by washing in the child 's blood .
' It 's because of blind superstitions and rampant illiteracy that this woman sacrificed this boy , ' said Khurja police officer AK Singh .
' It 's happened before and will happen again but there is little we can do to stop it .
In most situations it 's an open and shut case .
It is n't difficult to elicit confessions - normally the villagers or the families of the victims do that for us .
This has been going on for centuries ; these people are living in the dark ages . '
According to an unofficial tally by the local newspaper , there have been 28 human sacrifices in western Uttar Pradesh in the last four months .
Four tantrik priests have been jailed and scores of others forced to flee .
The killings have focused attention on Tantrism , an amalgam of mystical practices that grew out of Hinduism .
Tantrism also has adherents among Buddhists and Muslims and , increasingly , in the West , where it is associated with yoga or sexual techniques .
It has millions of followers across India , where it originated between the fifth and ninth centuries .
Tantrik priests are consulted on everything from marital to bowel problems .
Many blame the turn to the occult on the increasing economic gap between rural and urban India , in particular the spiralling debts of cotton and tobacco farmers , linked with high costs of hybrid seed and pesticides , that has led to record numbers of farmers committing suicide .
According to Sanal Edamaruku , president of the Indian Rationalist Association , human sacrifice affects most of northern India .
' Modern India is home to hundreds of millions who can't read or write , but who often seek refuge from life 's realities through astrology or the magical arts of shamans .
Unfortunately these people focus their horrific attention on society 's weaker members , mainly women and children who are easier to handle and kidnap . '
Tantriks caught up in the crackdown in Uttar Pradesh say their reputation is being destroyed by an insane minority .
' Human sacrifices have been made in this region since time immemorial , ' says Prashant , a tantrik who runs a small ' practice ' from his concrete shell of a home on the outskirts of Bulandshahr .
' People come to me with all sorts of ailments .
I recommend simply pujas and very rarely animal sacrifices . '
In her squalid home Ritu Singh rocks back and forth , beating her chest in grief .
She has been mourning since the day her son Aakash 's body was discovered in a sewer outside Sumitra Bushan 's home .
Her husband , Rajbir , said : ' We expect them to be jailed or fined but they wo n't spend longer than a few years in prison for what they have done .
They were my neighbours , they ate in our house .
The Tantrik who made them do this has disappeared , they will never find him . '
