Register for Pardee Conference on “ Good News From Africa ” , April 16 , 2010
( A news report of the conference is available here ) .
Registration is now open for the 2010 Pardee Center Conference on “ Africa 2060 : Good News from Africa ” to be held on Friday , April 16 , 2010 .
The all - day conference will feature four panels ( on Social Development , on Markets and Economy , on Politics and Institutions , and on Society and Culture ) , a lunch keynote address , and a post - conference reception with African food and music .
Seating is limited , please reserve a set by sending RSVP to pardee@bu.edu by April 12 , 2010 .
The all - day conference being organized by the Frederick S. Pardee Center for the Study of the Longer - Range Future will be held at the Boston University Law School 12th Floor Lounge and will bring together leading scholars , practitioners and experts on Africa in a series of discussion panels which will take an in - depth view of current trends in social and economic development , in politics and in culture and society within the Africa continent ( and its sub-regions ) .
The program of the conference is as follows :
8.30 AM Coffee & Breakfast available
9.00 AM Welcome Remarks
9.15 AM Session I : Africa ’s Social Development
Chair : Jonathon Simon ( Boston University )
Seble Dawit ( Goucher College )
Nathan Eagle ( MIT , Txteagle , Inc )
Richard Clapp ( Boston University )
10.45 AM Break
11.00 AM Session II : Markets & Economy
Chair : James C. McCann ( Boston University )
Vijay Mahajan ( University of Texas )
Margaret McMillan ( Tufts University )
Julius Gatune Kariuki ( Boston University )
Harounan Kazianga ( Oklahoma State University )
12.30 PM Lunch and Keynote Address by
Ambassador Kaire Mbuende , Namibian Ambassador to the United Nations
2:00 PM Session III : Politics & Institutions
Chair : Timothy Longman ( Boston University )
Robert Rotberg ( Harvard University )
Abdul Paliwala ( Warwick University )
Oyeronke Oyewumi ( Stonybrook University , New York )
3.30 PM Break
3.45 PM Session IV : Society and Culture
Chair : Fallou Ngom ( Boston University )
Bahru Zewde( Forum for Social Studies )
Marc Sommers ( US Institute of Peace )
Heran Sereke - Brhan( Boston University )
5.30 PM Reception at African Studies Center
The goal of the conference is to highlight the trends that are likely to shape the region over the next half century , especially those that have the potential to reach positive outcomes .
The conference ’s objective is to present a critical assessment of the continent ’s potential in areas that are vital to Africa ’s future .
The conference will seek to incite a conversation focused on the steps needed to craft a better future for the continent , without ignoring the realities on the ground or the difficulty of change .
The conference is being organized by the Boston University Frederick S. Pardee Center for the Study of the Longer - Range Future as part of its larger “ Africa 2060 ” program of activities , which is designed to provide insights into Africa ’s development prospects and challenges over the next half century .
Boston University ’s African Studies Center ( ASC ) , the African Presidential Archives and Research Center ( APARC ) and the Global Health and Development Center ( GHDC ) are collaborating partners for the conference .
Seats to the conference are limited .
Please RSVP to the conference at pardee@bu.edu by Monday , 12 April 2010 .
On Thursday , President Obama went to Manhattan , where he urged an audience drawn largely from Wall Street to back financial reform .
“ I believe , ” he declared , “ that these reforms are , in the end , not only in the best interest of our country , but in the best interest of the financial sector . ”
Well , I wish he had n’t said that  and not just because he really needs , as a political matter , to take a populist stance , to put some public distance between himself and the bankers .
The fact is that Mr. Obama should be trying to do what ’s right for the country  full stop .
If doing so hurts the bankers , that ’s O.K .
More than that , reform actually should hurt the bankers .
A growing body of analysis suggests that an oversized financial industry is hurting the broader economy .
Shrinking that oversized industry wo n’t make Wall Street happy , but what ’s bad for Wall Street would be good for America .
Now , the reforms currently on the table  which I support  might end up being good for the financial industry as well as for the rest of us .
But that ’s because they only deal with part of the problem : they would make finance safer , but they might not make it smaller .
SALE , England , March 30 ( UPI ) -- A 66 - year - old British woman was fined and ordered to wear an ankle monitor as punishment for selling a goldfish to a 14 - year - old .
Joan Higgins , 66 , owner of Majors Pet Shop in Sale , England , was fined $ 1,506 , ordered to wear an ankle monitor and given a seven - week curfew as punishment for selling a goldfish to a 14 - year - old boy sent into the store by police on a test buy , the Daily Mail reported Tuesday .
Advertisement
A 2006 law prohibits the sale of live fish to children under the age of 16 .
Higgins ' son , Mark , 47 , was fined $ 1,300 and ordered to complete 120 hours of community service .
" I think it 's a farce .
What gets me so cross is that they put my mum on a tag -- she 's nearly 70 , for goodness sake , " Mark Higgins said .
" She 's a great grandma so she wo n't be able to babysit a new born baby .
You would think they have better things to do with their time and money . "
" The council sent the 14 - year - old into us .
It is hard to tell how old a lad is these days .
He looked much older than 14 , " he said .
Note :
The group has once again become accessible after several days , as pointed out in the comments .
El Ghazzali created a new profile for himself , and was able to do so without incident .
Facebook did not respond to any requests for explanation .
Over the past few years , Facebook has come under scrutiny a number of times for its seeming hypocrisy on what types of groups it deems inappropriate .
Although the site 's terms of service ( TOS ) ban everything from nudity , to speech deemed hateful , to using a pseudonym to open an account , they are selectively enforced .
In mid-2009 Facebook officials stated that they would not delete Holocaust denial groups outright despite pressure from Jewish groups , but only a few months earlier deleted accounts of users who posted photographs of themselves breastfeeding their babies .
There are numerous other examples .
The TOS appear only to be enforced when enough users report a group as inappropriate , and once a group is removed , its creators often find it impossible to get it back .
Users whose personal accounts are removed sometimes create a new account , only to find it deleted again soon afterward .
Moroccan activist Kacem El Ghazzali was recently subjected to Facebook 's TOS when a group he had created , entitled “ Jeunes pour la séparation entre Religion et Enseignement ” ( youth for the separation between religion and education ) , was promptly removed .
El Ghazzali emailed Facebook , but received no response .
Two days later , his personal account had been deleted from Facebook as well ( the movement also has a blog , hosted on Blogger ) .
He says that while the group was live , he received emails from Muslims who opposed the group , as well as other groups he had created .
El Ghazzali wo n't speculate as to why Facebook removed his group , but it should come as no surprise .
Two years ago , when a young Moroccan engineer named Fouad Mourtada was arrested for creating a fake profile of Moroccan Prince Moulay Rachid , many speculated that Facebook had turned his information over to the government ( Facebook neither confirmed nor denied the accusation ) .
El Ghazzali's group , and his account , both appear to have been well within both U.S. law and Facebook 's TOS .
Why then , did Facebook delete them ?
Was it under pressure from another country 's government , or did enough people simply report the group that Facebook automatically removed it ?
In any case , why does n't Facebook offer recourse for its users to report accounts and groups removed in error , as other sites such as YouTube and Blogger do ?
Since his account and groups do not appear to be in violation of Facebook 's TOS , it seems that Facebook is now policing speech , possibly at the behest of a foreign government .
Any school kid can tell you that comets are made of ice .
That frozen water burning off is what gives comets their characteristic tails .
But asteroids were generally thought to be dry .
Or at least frost - free .
Now two studies published in the journal Nature [ Andrew Rivkin and Joshua Emery , http://bit.ly/bkL3DU and Humberto Campins et al , http://bit.ly/bI8Eqa] suggest that notion may be all wet .
Because at least one asteroid appears to be coated by a thin layer of ice .
And just that kind of asteroidal frosting could have been the source of our water here on Earth .
The asteroid belt just outside Mars is home to a lot of rocky bodies … including a behemoth with a diameter of 129 miles .
This asteroid , called 24 Themis , is one of the largest in the belt and has attracted the attention of astronomers because its nearby traveling companions look like comets .
In the latest studies , scientists used an infrared telescope to spectroscopically examine the asteroid ’s surface .
And the chemical signature they saw was a good match for water ice , which they found all over the asteroid .
The find provides support for the theory that Earth ’s water could have been delivered as ice by an asteroid .
Lucky for us we could borrow some from the neighbors .
— Karen Hopkin
[ The above text is an exact transcript of this podcast . ]
See also Water Ice Found on the Surface of an Asteroid for the First Time
[ Scientific American is part of Nature Publishing Group . ]
LONDON ( Reuters Life ! ) - Computer owners are being invited to scour CCTV footage and spot crimes being committed from the comfort of their own homes in a move branded as “ sick ” by civil liberties campaigners .
A new British company called Internet Eyes is signing up viewers to watch live streams of CCTV cameras from shops and businesses and report anything they believe to be suspicious .
“ People have voyeuristic tendencies , ” Managing Director of Internet Eyes Tony Morgan told Reuters , explaining why he believes people will sign up .
“ How many people watch Big Brother after the lights go out and nothing is happening ?
Internet Eyes has got something to watch that is interesting .
“ We are doing something that is needed , crime is going up , burglaries are going up .
It will stop a lot of crime , ” he said .
A monthly reward of 1,000 pounds ( $ 1,600 ) will be paid out to the person who reports the most crimes .
But at least one civil liberties group has condemned the idea .
“ It is a distasteful and worrying development of surveillance society and where it is going , ” Charles Farrier , spokesman for the No CCTV campaign group said , likening it to the Big Brother society of George Orwell ’s “ 1984 . ”
“ CCTV has been proved to be ineffective and they are trying to capitalize on this which is sick , ” Farrier said .
He dubbed the 1,000 pound monthly payouts as a “ cheap gimmick , ” but Morgan defended them as a reward not a prize .
“ It ’s a reward for sitting there and watching and reporting a crime .
I ’ve got no problem with that being rewarded , ” he said .
Shops and businesses will pay 20 pounds a month to have their CCTV cameras featured on the website www.interneteyes.co.uk.
At any given time , live footage from four different cameras will be shown .
The locations will be kept secret and will change every 10 minutes .
If viewers see something suspicious , the site allows them send an instant SMS message to the shopkeeper with a screen grab of what they are reporting .
To deter people from sending too many false alarms , the first 3 texts a month will be free , after that they will cost 1 pound each .
Internet Eyes will launch toward the end of November , focusing at first on the Stratford - upon - Avon area of central England .
The company said it was in negotiations with local police about how they could potentially join forces with the amateur crime - fighting venture .
The Association of Chief Police Officers ( ACPO ) declined to comment on the scheme .
Imagine an Internet with no limits and hundreds of times faster than the one you use now .
Google has – and they 're ready to build it .
Let 's get them to build it in Austin , Texas .
The nomination period closed Friday , March 26 , 2010 .
The City of Austin submitted a strong response to the Google " Request for Information " .
Read our community involvement final report here : DearGoogle.BigGigAustin.org .
Defending Privacy German High Court Limits Phone and E - Mail Data Storage
Germany 's highest court has rejected a controversial law requiring data on telephone calls and e-mail traffic to be stored for six months for possible use by law enforcement .
Data stored so far must be deleted immediately , and strict controls must be put in place before the law can come into force again .
Posted Mar 17 , 2010
ANSI SQL Hierarchical Data Processing Basics
By Michael M. David
The SQL - 92 standard unknowingly and without planning introduced the capability to perform full hierarchical data processing with its introduction of the LEFT Outer Join operation .
This natural hierarchical processing capability will be explained in this article .
Database Hierarchical Structure Introduction
The SQL - 92 standard unknowingly and without planning introduced the capability to perform full hierarchical data processing with its introduction of the LEFT Outer Join operation .
The reasons this powerful capability has not been used were covered in my previous Database Journal article Ten Problems with XQuery and the SQL / XML Standard .
This natural hierarchical processing capability will be explained in this article .
Current built - in hierarchical processing support in relational databases has been proprietary and very limited .
Externally added hierarchical processing is not automatic , it is user driven using functions .
Database level hierarchical support for XML and legacy hierarchical databases like IBM's IMS and Structured VSAM requires support for both multiple node types and multiple data occurrences .
The support for this level of hierarchical processing is not practical if performed procedurally and externally .
It must be performed internally and automatically to be practical .
This will also be covered in this article .
Hierarchical Structure Basics
Hierarchical structure principles involve hierarchical data preservation based on parent and child relationships .
This means that parents can exist without children in the database , but children can not exist without a parent .
If a parent with children is deleted from the database , the related children and all descendents are removed also .
Typically a delete command to a virtual structure in memory would work the same , but would probably not be persisted .
In the case of retrieving and building the virtual hierarchical structure in memory by only selecting the nodes desired , the unreferenced nodes are sliced out of the resulting structure and do not cause removal of lower level nodes .
This is known hierarchically as node promotion and can cause node collection to automatically occur where a higher level node increases the number of pathways directly under it .
This process changes the structure , but still preserves its basic structure semantics and integrity .
SQL 's SELECT operation works exactly the same way with its variable SELECT list skipping around intervening data types .
This is known relationally as projection .
Previously , hierarchical structures received a bad reputation for being fixed and not flexible when relational databases became popular .
In actuality , this did not take fully into account the use of logical hierarchical structures such as virtual structures mentioned above .
Logical hierarchical structures have unlimited flexibility and even more capability for dynamic changes to the structure than relational .
They can be used in the modeling of relational tables into a logical hierarchical structure .
Flexible logical hierarchical structures also follow precisely the same hierarchical processing principles as fixed physical hierarchical structures .
This capability can be used heavily in extending SQL's hierarchical processing to XML and legacy databases .
Divide and Conquer the Hierarchical Processing Problem
The M in XML stands for Markup and that was what XML was designed to handle .
The additional use of XML for database data was an afterthought .
Database data use is more fixed than Markup data .
Markup data requires user navigation to get the full flexible use out of Markup data .
Database data being more fixed with a more specific use does not need to be navigated by the user ; it can be accessed transparently with no user navigation required .
This is known as navigationless access .
Unfortunately , this difference in use has not yet been recognized and utilized .
Even more of a concern is that database data processed as Markup data can produce incorrect results .
By making this important distinction and limiting XML 's database processing to fixed hierarchical processing allows its processing to operate navigationlessly .
This also allows it to perform many advanced full hierarchical processing capabilities not possible or practical with user navigation .
SQL Hierarchical Data Structure Modeling
In the SQL Structure Definition in Figure 1 , the Left Join operation preserves the left side argument over the right side .
This means node A can exist even if there are no matching node B items , but node B can not exist without matching node A items .
The SQL processing continues left to right defining the hierarchical structure .
The ON clause specifies the link data points between nodes ; this is why node C is linked to node B and not node A. Notice in the SQL Structure Definition that nodes B and D are both linked back to node A so that node A starts two separate pathways .
Each ON clause only operates locally at its specific use point and downward because the left argument side is always preserved with Left Outer Joins .
The SQL WHERE clause does not have this local narrow range of effect ; its global effect allows it to filter the entire hierarchical structure .
SQL WHERE clause filtering can be added to the end of the SQL Structure Definition below .
The ON clause filtering is the same as XPath filtering and the SQL WHERE clause is the same as the XQuery WHERE Filtering operation .
The SQL Structured Definition shown in Figure 1 can be specified in an SQL Query to be directly processed by the SQL processor .
The Hierarchical Structure is defined by the Left Join syntax and its hierarchical operation is specified by the associated semantics .
The SQL Structure Definition can also be named and defined in an SQL view for easy use and reuse .
This is shown later in Figure 4 .
Figure 1 Hierarchical Data Modeling Produces Hierarchical Rowset
Interpreting Hierarchical Rowsets
Figure 1 also demonstrates a number of the most basic hierarchical processing attributes produced in ANSI SQL .
These attributes are hierarchical data preservation from the left join and variable length path creation with nulls inserted in the rowset to keep them aligned properly .
This is shown in the Structured Rowset above where the two sibling legs BC and DE are independently represented at different variable lengths .
The shortened null terminated legs show that hierarchical preservation is also working ; otherwise they would be totally missing .
Mapping SQL to Hierarchical Processing at a Conceptual Level
In mapping SQL to and from hierarchical processing , relational tables and XML elements are treated as nodes .
Relational columns , XML element strings and XML element attributes are treated as fields in data nodes .
Figure 2 below demonstrates SQL's high level hierarchical processing using SQLs SELECT , FROM , WHERE syntax and their intuitive hierarchical structured operations .
These are : input data and its hierarchical SQL modeled structure specified by the FROM clause ; output data selection specified by the SELECT clause which indicates the hierarchically related nodes to be returned and their data and order ; and the data filtering specified in the WHERE clause which hierarchically filters the data following its modeled hierarchical structure .
These operations used together will hierarchically process the input data and automatically produce a hierarchical structured XML correctly representing the processed results .
Figure 2 : SQL Hierarchical Query Specification and Operation Overview
In Figure 2 you can notice that the SQL user can continue to use the same SQL , but visualize the data structures as hierarchical and the operation as being performed hierarchically at a high conceptual level to produce hierarchical structures .
These will be automatically converted to its hierarchical XML structure unless overridden .
The Query Result Structure in Figure 2 demonstrates the hierarchical operation of node promotion .
Notice that the unselected nodes are removed from query result .
Querying Multipath Hierarchical Data Structures
The examples used so far have used multipath processing where queries reference multiple pathways in the accessed hierarchical structure .
The processing of these multipath queries is not generally possible today because they require special hierarchical processing to get correct hierarchical results .
The ON clause covered earlier is a linear single path qualification that is used during structure definition and creation where it can control only the path it is on .
The WHERE clause data filtering and data qualification is logically applied after the entire structure has been created and can affect the entire structure such that data qualification based on one path can affect data qualification on another Path .
This is because every node is related to every other node in a hierarchical structure .
This full nonlinear hierarchical qualification is not designed or made up .
It is standard processing for nonlinear hierarchical processing based on naturally occurring hierarchical principles .
These principles have been utilized as far back as the original hierarchical databases .
And now with relational databases they are automatically performed naturally when the data is modeled hierarchically proves their inherent technology is correct .
XML database products today are lacking this level of principled hierarchical processing .
This hierarchical data filtering is a new capability for the XML industry .
Figure 3 indicates how it works .
You can notice how the relational rowset and its associated hierarchical structure are related .
In this example , the WHERE clause is pointing to node C in the Data Qualification Flow diagram to demonstrate the data filtering directions taking off from node C in different directions .
If this node is selected for output , all of its associated node occurrences are also qualified , up , down , and around as shown by the arrows in the Data Qualification flow .
This happens automatically because the entire row is qualified .
Notice how the unqualified row is not output .
The darker cells are qualified and output .
Figure 3 : WHERE Clause Data Multipath Qualification Flow
Joining Structures Hierarchically
Figure 4 below represents the processing of a query that is invoked by a query dynamically joining two hierarchical structures represented by their view names RDBV and XMLV .
In the same way that the hierarchical data modeling was performed a node at time using Left Outer Joins in Figure 1 to define hierarchical structures , hierarchical structures defined in SQL views can also be joined by Left Outer Joins producing a hierarchical superstructure .
In this example , the left Relational structure is joined over the right XML structure linked by its ON clause join criteria at a high conceptual level as demonstrated in Figure 4 .
The ON clause takes on added importance by unambiguously specifying the link points in each structure being hierarchically joined .
This is shown by the diagram of the joined structures to the right of the SQL Processor box in Figure 4 .
The X node box in this diagram is dashed indicating it is not selected for output and will be removed from output .
The ON clause was introduced in SQL - 92 to replace the WHERE clauses join use for a more precise join control geared more for local control at the join point .
The ON clause operates during structure creation while the WHERE clause operates after structure creation affecting the entire structure hierarchically as a whole .
This is a huge difference between the WHERE and ON operation not generally realized and enables much of SQL 's hierarchical capabilities .
This example in Figure 4 also demonstrates a heterogeneous join of structures by hierarchically joining a relational structure over an XML Structure .
Non relational structures such as XML and legacy hierarchical structures such as IBM 's IMS require their own view definition to capture their specific set of metadata needed for their processing .
This is indicated in the XML Definition Processing box in this example .
This information is used in the Service Request for XML box when XML access is needed by the SQL Processor .
The XML Definition Process will also automatically generate a standard SQL hierarchical view that specifies the non relational structure 's structure as a standard SQL hierarchical structure view as shown .
This allows the joined heterogeneous structures to be hierarchical joined seamlessly using standard SQL sequence of Left Outer Joins .
Figure 4 : SQL Multi Structure Heterogeneous Hierarchical Join
In this example the relational view is a logical view and the XML view is a physical view .
The relational logical view is constructed while the XML physical view is already constructed and is just defined recording its structure information .
Joining and processing physical and logical structures does not present an impedance mismatch problem because they both follow the same set of hierarchical processing principles and rules .
Conclusion
In the implementation of the prototype that proved the capability of the design modeled in Figure 4 , the SQL processor 's hierarchical rowset results were converted to an XML hierarchical structure as shown .
This design kept the ANSI SQL processor unmodified , proving that it could indeed operate fully hierarchically beyond current XML processors hierarchical capabilities .
This design could be improved in efficiency if the external processing additions shown were integrated directly into the SQL processor .
The ANSI SQL Hierarchical XML Processor prototype can be tested at www.adatinc.com/demo.html.
The human brain is a biological pattern making machine .
At birth , a baby ’s brain contains 100 billion neurons , roughly as many nerve cells as there are stars in the Milky Way .
These billions of neurons in human brain have extraordinary capacity to construct and weave strings of useful information patterns which gets ever more complex as cognitive thought process increases .
These neural patterns help the brain to recognize , organize , store and retrieve information patterns when needed .
It has been noticed that leaders engage in activities which provide the time , space and structure to facilitate the construction of such neural patterns .
People who are open minded to experience new concepts or procedures and who are exposed to more rich information sources such as print , television , news media , internet , seminars and interactive conferences — are able to build more rich and dense neural networks and hence reveal themselves as natural leaders .
On the other hand , people who are averse to new models , metaphors , information , concepts or interactive discussions , remain as followers .
Human intelligence is reflective in nature .
Reflection is the ability of the brain to consciously manipulate the given information and rehearse options prior to action .
When guessing well is the game and pressure is on the brain , people who display reflective intelligence and foresight in thought and action , have distinct advantage as leaders .
Such people have higher survival instinct and more mindful disposition .
The brain of such people spontaneously responds to problems and obstacles by retrieving and contemplating information which is relevant to action options .
Journal writing , meditation , case study analysis and investigative learning enhance reflective intelligence by many folds .
People with leadership qualities have been found to be doing these activities more often than others who remain followers .
Reflective intelligence of human brain has also been found to increase by provoking deliberate critical and creative thinking .
Provoking critical analysis and creative thinking engages natural ability of the human brain to detect relationships between seemingly unrelated objects , link seemingly unrelated information into useful revelation , and create innovative products with new information .
While people with leadership tendencies have been extensively found to be in indulging in lateral & critical thinking , innovative inventions , and analyzing errors in positions by interactive discussions , followers have often been found to tread the beaten path and avoiding social interacting on controversial positions .
A capacity for reflective intelligence does not translate into intelligent behavior and thought automatically .
The constructive and reflective dimensions of human intelligence need to be consciously cultivated and continuously exercised if its true potential is to be realized .
The constructive and reflective intelligence have to developed and refined to a degree where the person is naturally inclined to use it every time , in his every action and thought .
Leaders have a natural disposition to cultivate and maximize such constructive and reflective intelligence by indulging in meta-cognition , reflection on specific thinking strategies , seeking social opportunities for sharing of challenging ideas and optimizing physiological intelligence by choosing to exercise , eat only healthy food , and live in conducive environment which allows adequate light , fresh air and no distractions .
Followers do n’t care what their thinking strategies or general disposition is .
They do not feel the need to acquire the knowledge about nurturing intelligence .
They react to situations in their environment by spontaneous reaction , without applying critical thinking and without analyzing their position .
They would more often indulge in gossip , rather than meaningful exchange of ideas on challenging topics .
They have less tolerance for views of others which are divergent from their own .
They give a damn to what they eat or space where they live , they live only for sensory pleasures which provide immediate gratification .
Emotion involves the processing of sensory information through neural and glandular systems that alter mind and body states while arousing the prefrontal cortex to what is worth thinking about .
Emotion is closely connected to arousal and operation of physiological , social and reflective capacity of the human brain .
The brain of humans with leadership qualities are conscious of their emotions and are able to control and mediate their responses to their own emotions .
This is an essential quality which differentiates leaders from followers .
This is also called Emotional Intelligence .
The brain of leaders is able to harness the power of emotion which helps the leaders to make judgments after receiving stimuli from environment and get motivated by challenges .
The leader ’s brain is continuously screening sensory information , guided by emotions , to understand which task is worthy of attention and commitment of its infinite resources .
In other words , when the human brain of people with leadership qualities gets emotionally excited about some task , it helps the leader to efficiently engage in accumulation of knowledge about that task , to engage in meaningful social interaction to find other human brains with common goals , and to engage in reflective reasoning to solve problems encountered in accomplishing that task — all this leads to enhanced physiological growth and refinement of neural networks in human brain .
Thus , it can be inferred that brain of humans with leadership traits have more refined neural networks .
References
Gardner , H. ( 1997 ) .
Leading Minds – An Anatomy of Leadership .
London : Harpers Collins .
Dickmann , M. H. & Blair , N.S. ( 2001 ) .
Connecting Leadership to the Brain .
Thousand Oaks : Corwin Press .
the colours are lovely .
how have you made the fence stand out so well ?
Below is part of the interview transcript on the Alan Colmes show : Liberland .
Rep. Alan Grayson Calls For Eric Cantor To Resign ; Equates Words To " The Burning Of The Reichstag "
Florida Congressman Alan Grayson appeared on radio with me Thursday night and called for the resignation of House Minority Whip Eric Cantor ( R - VA ) because of Cantor ’s finger - pointing at Democrats for " fanning the flames of threats . "
COLMES : I want to talk about what happened with Eric Cantor ’s office , and what Eric Cantor said today .
It sounds like he ’s accusing Democrats of inciting violence .
GRAYSON : Ah yes , I recall that happening , well , what is it now , 80 years ago – the burning of the Reichstag .
... COLMES : I was really surprised that Eric Cantor , who is the Minority Whip , says his office was shot at , OK , and then he literally points fingers at the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee and the Democratic National Committee , saying that they are basically , you know – I want to get his exact words here – fanning the flames , " dangerously fanning the flames . "
GRAYSON : I think he should resign .
COLMES : So you are calling for the resignation of Eric Cantor based on that comment .
GRAYSON : Yes . ...
COLMES : Resign his leadership post , or resign from the Congress entirely ?
GRAYSON ( sighing ) : My goodness .
I ’m not even sure where he should stop .
Grayson also relayed how he received a call at home last week and when his five - year - old answered the phone a woman said she was gong to kill Grayson .
GRAYSON : We had a woman call the house when I was in Washington DC .
She called my house in Orlando last week .
And my five year old – I have twins actually – one of the five - year - olds hit the speaker button when the phone was ringing .
And she said if you vote for this bill , I ’m gonna kill you .
COLMES : A woman said that to one of your ...
GRAYSON : Yes .
And my – my five - year - old went to my wife and said there ’s a lady on the phone who says she ’s going to kill me .
http://www.alan.com/...
This is truly horrifying .
For Congressman Grayson to have had his five year old running to Mrs. Grayson to tell his mother that someone was going to kill his father .
I hope that Congressman Grayson called the Secret Service and the FBI in order to investigate this death threat .
Of course , we all know now that Eric Cantor 's building received a ' random bullet ' and that his entire accusation that the Democrats were ' dangerously fanning the flames ' was nothing more than a feeble attempt at the Republican parties refusal to accept responsibility for their lack of ' leadership ' and their continual support to ' tap into the hate , power and control of the tea baggers ' who are literally being incited towards dangerous activities that are escalating .
When given the opportunity ( in writing from Tim Kaine ) to denounce this escalating violence and incitement , the Republicans have refused as outlined on the front page of Daily Kos :
Today , RNC Chairman Michael Steele refused to sign a joint statement with DNC Chairman Tim Kaine that would read :
As leaders of our respective national parties , we want to speak to all Americans about the importance of conducting our political debates in a manner and tone that respects our political system and demonstrates to the world the strength of our democracy .
We have a system of government that allows the great issues of our day to be resolved peacefully and civilly and that serves as a beacon of hope to those around the world who yearn for political freedom , political stability , and governing without the threat of violence .
We have a system that allows people to express approval of their government or change the party in power peaceably through the ballot box .
Our Constitution affords Americans the right to assemble and petition the Government for a redress of grievances .
Clearly , we have different positions on the merits of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act .
However , we together call on elected officials of both parties to set an example of the civility we want to see in our citizenry .
We also call on all Americans to respect differences of opinion , to refrain from inappropriate forms of intimidation , to reject violence and vandalism , and to scale back rhetoric that might reasonably be misinterpreted by those prone to such behavior .
The reason ?
Republicans see the statement as an attempt to force them to either reject the statement — allowing Democrats to say the RNC finds the incidents acceptable — or to sign on to something that the DNC would later wield against them . [...]
RNC Communications Director Doug
Heye told POLITICO that Steele chose not to agree to the statement because " we do n’t need to do anything on their schedule or on their timetable . "
Sad that Republicans would feel " forced " to sign something that advocated for civility and rejected violence , is n't it ?
And a recent reaction from a ' Call To Arms ' prior to the HCR vote that the Republicans have ' refused ' to denounce ?
The call to arms was issued at 5:55 a.m. last Friday .
" To all modern Sons of Liberty : THIS is your time .
Break their windows .
Break them NOW . "
These were the words of Mike Vanderboegh , a 57 - year - old former militiaman from Alabama , who took to his blog urging people who opposed the historic health - care reform legislation -- he calls it " Nancy Pelosi 's Intolerable Act " -- to throw bricks through the windows of Democratic offices nationwide . [...]
In the days that followed , glass windows and doors were shattered at local Democratic Party offices and the district offices of House Democrats from Arizona to Kansas to New York . [...]
Vanderboegh was unapologetic in a 45 - minute telephone interview with The Washington Post early Thursday .
He said he believes throwing bricks through windows sends a warning to Democratic lawmakers that the health - care reform legislation they passed Sunday has caused so much unrest that it could result in a civil war .
The Republican party is not just the ' Party of No ' ... the Republican party is the party that is willing to stand by like the cowards they are and allow ' Domestic Terrorism ' to take place against their own members of Congress .
I applaud Congressman Grayson for calling for Eric Cantor 's resignation , and Cantor should resign .
If for nothing else , accusing the Democrats of fanning the flames , while never standing up and calling on his own party to help ' quell the violence and return a sense of civility and decorum to our political body .
I wonder how Eric Cantor would feel if his 5 year old child heard an angry hateful woman screaming on the phone that ' she wanted to kill his daddy ? '
I wonder how Sarah Palin would feel if someone called her home and her little daughter ' Piper ' picked up the phone to hear someone screaming that the wanted to ' kill her mommy ? '
Well , the Republicans have ' designated ' Congressman Grayson has the NUMBER ONE DEMOCRAT to defeat , and are putting their huge ' money and spokes people forward to ensure that happens .
That is why Sarah Palin was recruited to go directly into Congressman Grayson 's district and begin what may be the battle of Congressman Grayson 's political future in maintaining his seat in the House .
On Friday night , Sarah Palin came to Orlando , and attacked Rep. Alan Grayson .
This is what she said : " I got to meet quite a few candidates who are lining up in a contested primary who want to take out Alan Grayson .
And I think Alan Grayson -- what can you say about Alan Grayson ?
Piper is with me tonight , so I wo n't say anything about Alan Grayson that can't be said around children .
[ Good one , Sarah ! ]
But thank you , Florida , for allowing candidates in a contested primary to duke it out over ideas and principles and values , all with the same goal , and that is unseating those who have such a disconnect from the people of America .
That 's what the goal is here in this race against Alan Grayson .
Please fight hard , and do this for the rest of the country .
Fight hard , and send a conservative to Washington , DC . "
Today is a very special day for all of us to stand up and let Congressman Grayson know that 'we have his back . '
Today is the big ' money bomb ' to make certain that each of us can contribute something for Congressman Grayson 's future in our political party .
Few have been as outstanding in their breath and depth of standing up for Health Care Reform , and for Holding Wall Street Accountable .
Only the best of the cream rises to the top , and we Democrats have a ' rare ' leader who we must together ensure remains a strong voice and leader of the future for our party .
In case you have not visited Congressman Grayson 's two websites , I would suggest that you do , and in particular read the area under Newsroom on Opinion Pieces and under Legislation under Accountability and Issues .
http://grayson.house.gov/
http://www.graysonforcongress.com/
Today is the day , we stand up to be counted for Congressman Grayson , to show him our thanks for the ' way he has stoop up for us ' and in particular the way he has stood up against the Republican Party on a plethora of issues .
My heart goes out to Congressman Grayson and his wife and family for what they just experienced .
It was a very traumatic event for them , and I agree , absolutely that Eric Cantor should resign , as should Michael Steele for refusing over and over again to rein in these ' Domestic Terrorist Teabaggers ' that they are ' using ' as their new ' base for their campaigns of ' hate and violence ' against their own countrymen and women .
Thank you Congressman Grayson .
We Honor your service and commitment today .
You are a true hero and and a rare ' public servant ' with Guts , Brains , and Know How .
Cantor , Palin , Boehner , and McCain ... these people are ' gutless wonders ' who never put ' country first ' let alone the ' safety or sacred quality of the very people they work with across the isles in the Senate and the House .
redirect in five ... four ... three ... two ... one
or go to Shouting At the Cosmos
By John Riddell
March 15 , 2010 -- Socialist Voice -- Federico Fuentes and Kiraz Janicke concluded their 10 - day tour of Canada on March 7 , with a rally in Vancouver entitled “ Change the system , not the climate ” .
Fuentes shared the platform with Pablo Solon , Bolivia ’s UN ambassador and chief spokesperson on climate change .
Federico Fuentes RT : 18:34
Pablo Solon , Bolivia 's Ambassador to the United Nations , Part 1 of 2 RT : 16:51
Pablo Solon , Part 2 of 2 RT : 17:13
Click here for video of the remainder of the March 7 , 2010 , " Change the system not the climate " Vancouver meeting
Fuentes described the leading role played by Venezuela 's president Hugo Chavez , together with Bolivia ’s president Evo Morales , in rallying forces to oppose the climate sell - out by Canada and other rich countries at the recent UN conference in Copenhagen .
Fuentes and Janicke are Australian - based activists who live in Venezuela and write for Venezuelanalysis.com and other publications [ including Green Left Weekly and Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal ] .
Fuentes is also editor of the Bolivia Rising blog and an associate of the Centro Internacional Miranda , a government - funded research institute in Caracas .
The Fuentes - Janicke tour included almost two dozen presentations , attended by audiences totalling 800 persons .
Meetings were held in Montreal , Ottawa , Kingston , Toronto , Waterloo , Vancouver and Victoria .
The tour provided a vivid picture of the state of Venezuela solidarity across the country .
“ Meetings were sponsored by a wide spectrum of groups , including every Venezuela solidarity current in the cities where we spoke ” , says Fuentes .
“ I was repeatedly told that the audiences were not the same old faces .
Many new people came , asking probing questions about Venezuelan reality . ”
Yet almost all those present agreed in supporting the Bolivarian movement in Venezuela , he adds .
“ Typically , people hung around after the meetings , full of questions ” , Fuentes says .
“ Take Montreal , for example ” , says Janicke .
“ Meetings were sponsored by all three local groups : the Bolivarian Society , Hands Off Venezuela and the Peace Base , with strong presence and moral support from the local Venezuelan consulate .
Federico and I had fruitful discussions with consular and embassy representatives in Ottawa , Montreal and Toronto , and we distributed many copies of the embassy ’s excellent publication , The Bolivarian .
The nature of events varied widely .
“ There were graduate seminars and open campus meetings ; union gatherings and city - wide events ” , says tour organiser Suzanne Weiss .
“ Federico and Kiraz related the Bolivarian process to Venezuela ’s support for world struggles : Haiti and Bolivia ( in Vancouver ) , Palestine ( in Waterloo ) , Indigenous nations ( in Kingston ) . ”
In Vancouver , Fuentes spoke at a luncheon of the Vancouver and District Labour Council as well as at a regional meeting of the Public Service Alliance of Canada .
“ They wanted to know more about the labour movement in Venezuela ” , Fuentes says .
“ They were interested in the labour tours of Venezuela organised by the Australia - Venezuela Solidarity Network .
They wanted to help Bolivarian unions in Venezuela win support in the International Labour Organization . ”
In Toronto , the main tour events formed part of a “ Three Days for Venezuela ” event co-sponsored by 11 solidarity and progressive organisations .
Fuentes and Janicke were among more than 25 presenters at an all - day Venezuela teach - in .
“ About 100 participants took part in the 12 different workshops and plenaries ” , Weiss reports .
“ After a long day of discussion , a good majority of participants stayed for the final session , on organizing solidarity in Canada . ”
Participants in the teach - in represented a wide range of opinion on Venezuela , Weiss notes .
“ There was a frank exchange among different viewpoints .
But all were agreed that Venezuela faces grave dangers today .
Everyone stood firm with Venezuela against threats from imperialism and rightist forces within the country . ”
Probing questions
“ The most frequently asked question ” , Fuentes says , “ was what would happen to Venezuela if Chavez were removed from the scene — or , another variant — whether the Venezuelan process was too much of a top - down process .
I tried to explain Chavez ’s indispensable role in linking together a Bolivarian movement that is both socially and ideologically very diverse .
I talked of the movement ’s great strength at the grassroots , and of how it has progressed through an interplay between initiatives at the base and at the presidential level . ”
There was much interest in questions concerning oil and the environment as well as the community councils , Fuentes says .
“ Almost all questions were sympathetic to the Venezuelan process ” , Janicke recalls .
“ I was asked about the character of nationalisations , popular education , what the changes mean for people ’s lives , and whether socialism in Venezuela is possible .
Others asked what Canada ’s role is in Venezuela and why [ foreign affairs minister ]
Peter Kent is making such sharp attacks on Venezuela ’s government . ”
According to Weiss , the tour highlights the great potential to expand support for the Venezuelan people in their quest for sovereignty and 21st century socialism .
“ There is an urgent need today to broaden the active solidarity movement beyond the ideologically committed , to a broader spectrum of progressive opinion in Canada ” , says Weiss .
“ The tour shows that this can be done .
The Venezuela solidarity movement is still small .
But its participants come from many backgrounds , many milieus ; they can be catalysts for action on a broader stage .
The solidarity movement can become more inclusive and more diverse in point of view — yet remain firmly united in defending the revolutionary process in Venezuela . ”
For further information on the tour and to contact sponsoring organizations , email vzteachin@hotmail.com .
Socialist Project has posted a video of the tour meeting in Toronto .
Tour events
February 25 , Toronto
Demonstration in defence of Venezuela outside Venezuelan consulate .
February 26 , Toronto
Graduate seminar at York University , Toronto .
City - wide forum on “ Venezuela : Profile of a People ’s Movement ” .
February 27 , Toronto
Teach - in on “ Venezuela ’s Bolivarian Revolution — The Second Decade . ”
Sponsors : Ontario Public Interest Research Group , Toronto ; Centre for Social Justice ; Barrio Nuevo o Hands Off Venezuela ; Latin America Solidarity Network , Toronto ; Latin@s Canada ; Louis Riel Bolivarian Circle ; Socialist Project ; Toronto Bolivia Solidarity ; Toronto Haiti Action Committee ; Venezuela We Are With You Coalition / Coalicion Venezuela Estamos Contigo .
March 1 , Kingston
Meeting on “ Indigenous Resistance and Popular Sovereignty in Bolivia and Venezuela ” .
March 1 , Ottawa
Meeting at headquarters of the Public Service Alliance of Canada , sponsored by Socialist Project and co-sponsored by the Critical Social Research Collaborative , Salvadorian Canadian Association of Ottawa , Territorio Libre and Communist Party of Canada .
March 2 , Waterloo
“ Venezuela ’s Support for Palestinian Struggle ” at Israeli Apartheid Week .
March 2 , Ottawa and Gatineau
Meetings at the University of Ottawa and Carleton University in Ottawa .
Meeting at the Universite du Quebec ( Outaouais campus ) .
March 3 , Toronto
“ Popular Education and Endogenous Development in Venezuela ” , public seminar at Ontario Institute of Studies in Education .
March 3 , Victoria
“ The Bolivarian Revolution : The Second Decade — Profile of a People ’s Movement ” , Goods for Cuba Campaign and the Island Solidarity Centre Society .
March 4 - 5 , Montreal
“ The Bolivarian Revolution in Venezuela : Internal and External Threats ” , meetings at McGill University , Dawson College , Universite du Quebec à Montreal , Concordia University , visit organised by Societe Bolivarienne du Quebec / Hands Off Venezuela , supported by Base de Paix Montreal .
March 4 - 7 , Vancouver
The results are in , congratulations to all the challengers !
( All but the runaways , that ’s it :P )
Challengers : 87
Success : 49
Failure : 18
Runaway : 20
PBS , please use the following as the synopsis for your excellent program “ Frontline : From Jesus to Christ . ”
I do n’t think you ’re selling it to the nonreligious .
Jesus was an upper middle class , suburban kid who met a man named John .
John was a nut job who wandered the country telling people the world was going to end .
He convinced Jesus to become a traveling preacher , which Jesus did to some acclaim , especially in the area of healing .
Lots of people did this .
It was a profession .
Jesus would do things like mix his own spit with dirt and put it on wounds .
And , clearly , the healing was to come from the treatment itself because he would , if the first treatment did n’t work , try another .
He also told people about God coming to Earth and “ making things right , ” which was a political statement that meant God was going to destroy the Roman Empire .
Everyone hated the Romans , especially where Jesus grew up , and with good reason .
The Romans had crucified thousands of people in the previous twenty - five years .
( This means that the Romans crucified someone at least every four and a half days for a quarter century . )
So , what we know is that the Romans were REALLY EVIL .
Jesus kept to the countryside around his home town .
The cities were full of Roman soldiers and the people there were of “ such a high class ” that they would n’t have been interested in his abilities .
Then , one day , when he was in his mid to late twenties ( Jesus was born around 4 AD , and this was between 27 and 33 AD ) he decided to go into the city .
He probably passed the permanent crucifix on his way into town that the Romans built for the purpose of torturing anyone who caused trouble , and it may well have had a dying or dead person on it who did n’t deserve to be crucified .
It ’s hard to imagine anyone who did .
This is a holiday and the city is packed with people .
And one thing that these people all share is a belief in God .
And it ’s not just any god .
It ’s a god who is infinitely more powerful than any god ever conceived , and it ’s a god who wipes out whole cities ( cities in particular ) .
If you ’re in the city at that time , you die a horrible death .
Unless you ’re warned .
Packed city .
All believers .
All do n’t want to die .
All certainly do n’t want to be killed by God .
So Jesus goes to the temple market and starts upturning tables and telling people that God is coming .
From a historical perspective , it is very likely at this point that people went ape shit .
And the Roman Empire did not like its people to go ape shit .
So the Romans killed Jesus .
This was probably treated like any other crucifixion of the time .
People went in and out of the city trying not to look .
Nobody crowded around .
The End .
That is the last thing we know about Jesus from his own time .
Please buy this DVD .
It ’s really good .
NOTE : The one piece of archeological evidence , the plaque above the cross , that showed that Jesus was known as the King of the Jews at the time of his death , and therefore had a large following , was radiocarbon dated a few years after the program was made and was shown to be fake .
PBS website with full program
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Police have located and spoken to the man who found an iPhone prototype left behind by an Apple engineer at a San Francisco - area bar last month , according to media reports .
Stephen Wagstaffe , a San Mateo County District Attorney spokesman , said police in Redwood City have spoken to the man but declined to disclose his name , according to reports by both CNET News and KCBS .
In a recorded message on his work phone Wednesday , Wagstaffe said there was nothing new to report on the iPhone case and there was " nothing further to discuss concerning what has gone on so far . "
Wagstaffe also declined to say if the man is suspected of selling the prototype phone to Gizmodo , an online gadget guide site , the reports said .
Last week , the New York Times reported Gizmodo paid the man $ 5,000 US for the prototype dubbed iPhone 4 , 4G or HD in blogs , and posted photos and video of it on April 19 showing its new features , including a camera flash and a second camera for video chatting .
Shield law cited
Gizmodo editor Jason
Chen said the phone had been left at a bar in Redwood City by one of Apple Inc. 's engineers .
Chen arranged to return the iPhone when the company posted a letter by its lawyer asking for its return last week .
Last Friday , a special computer - crime task force made up of different law enforcement agencies searched Chen 's house and car in Fremont , Calif . , and took computers , servers and accessories .
The search warrant said the computer and other devices may have been used to commit a felony .
Investigators also seized Chen 's credit card bills and copies of his cheques .
Chen 's lawyers argue that California 's shield law , which protects journalists from having to turn over anonymous sources or unpublished material to law enforcement during a search , should apply to him .
Darian Worden discusses the left - libertarian umbrella over libertarian socialism , anarcho - syndicalism , mutualism and agorism — its history through the 19th century French Revolution at the inception of self - proclaimed anarchists , the early works of Murray Rothbard and Samuel E. Konkin III , the meanings and significance of ‘ left ’ and ‘ right ’ prefixes — at the 2010 New Hampshire Liberty Forum Alt Expo ( 27:47 ) :
Part One ( 10:01 ) :
Part Two ( 10:00 ) :
Part Three ( 7:46 ) :
Part Four – Q&A ( 10:49 ) :
Part Five – Q&A ( 10:37 ) :
( h/t : Bile )
Darian Worden is an individualist anarchist writer with experience in libertarian activism .
His fiction includes Bring a Gun To School Day and the forthcoming Trade War .
His essays and other works can be viewed at his personal website and the ALLiance Journal .
He also hosts an internet radio show , “ Thinking Liberty ” , on PatriotRadio.com .
EDIT : Mr. Worden also posted these videos at his blog with a comment that can be read here .
He notes that Bile also recorded the Q&A that followed along with Charles Johnson ’s talk .
EDIT 2 : Added Parts 4 and 5 — the Q&A session — where the Tea Party Movement is discussed pretty extensively .
PORT CHARLOTTE , Fla . -- Boston Red Sox prospect Ryan Westmoreland underwent brain surgery Tuesday that was successful , according to a statement from the team Tuesday night , but faces a " difficult period " in the aftermath of the five - hour operation .
The Red Sox said Tuesday that Ryan Westmoreland 's five - hour brain surgery was successful .
John Corneau / Lowell Spinners
A complete prognosis will not be known for a few days , a team source said , adding that the surgery " went well " for the 19 - year - old Rhode Island native , who had a cavernous malformation , or angioma , removed from his brain stem .
An angioma is a congenital condition comprised of small abnormal capillaries ( tiny blood vessels ) that can swell and bleed .
The condition , while potentially life - threatening , has a low mortality rate , but there is a risk of neurological damage that could affect a variety of functions , including movement and vision .
" Due to the complexity of this surgery , Ryan will face a difficult period initially before beginning his recovery , " said the statement , attributed to Red Sox general manager Theo Epstein .
Tuesday 's surgery was performed by Dr. Robert Spetzler of the Barrow Neurological Institute in Phoenix , Ariz .
Spetzler is acknowledged as one of the foremost experts in the field .
Westmoreland remains in intensive care , according to the statement .
" Theo gave me a call , " said manager Terry Francona , who attended both ends of split - squad exhibitions in Kissimmee and Port Charlotte .
" Seems like very encouraging news , so we 're obviously thrilled and thankful . "
Typically it would take a few days to determine what , if any , neurological damage may have occurred , according to Dr. Joseph Maroon , the vice chairman of the Department of Neurosurgery at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center and team neurosurgeon for the Pittsburgh Steelers .
" But [ you ] immediately know about paralysis , usually , '' Maroon wrote in an e-mail .
The condition was discovered , according to a team source , after Westmoreland began experiencing headaches and exhibiting other neurological symptoms , including numbness .
He left the team 's minor league camp on March 4 , according to a statement released by the team , and was diagnosed the next day at Massachusetts General Hospital .
The decision to have surgery was made after consultation with three specialists .
Westmoreland was in Arizona with his entire family , including his parents , Ron and Robin , according to a source close to the family .
Chris Westmoreland , the home clubhouse manager for the Tampa Bay Rays and the player 's uncle , is also among the family members present .
While the condition is relatively rare , at least three prominent members of the sports world have experienced angiomas , according to the Angioma Alliance , an organization that describes itself as a " patient - directed " network devoted to improving the lives of those who have had the condition .
California Republican candidates , led by Meg Whitman , are running on a platform this year to rollback the state ’s landmark climate - change legislation , but a new poll reveals that the GOP ’s move could prove disastrous .
The Field Poll shows that AB32 , the 2006 law that Whitman and Republicans want to suspend because they claim it will harm the economy , is supported by 58 percent of state residents , the Sacramento Bee reports today .
Moreover , 69 percent of respondents said that the state can reduce greenhouse gases “ and expand jobs and economic prosperity at the same time . "
Poll director Mark DiCamillo told the Bee that Californians " tend to believe … it will add jobs in the long run rather than detract . ”
The poll also appears to be bad news for Texas oil company Valero , which plans to put a measure on the November ballot that would indefinitely suspend AB32 .
In addition , a study last month by the California Air Resources Board reported that the climate - change law likely will have no real effect on the state ’s economy .
76 Senators sign on to Israel letter
More than three quarters of the U.S. Senate , including 38 Democrats , have signed on to a letter to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton implicitly rebuking the Obama Administration for its confrontational stance toward Israel .
The letter , backed by the pro-Israel group AIPAC , now has the signatures of 76 Senators and says in part :
We recognize that our government and the Government of Israel will not always agree on particular issues in the peace process .
But such differences are best resolved amicably and in a manner that befits longstanding strategic allies .
We must never forget the depth and breadth of our alliance and always do our utmost to reinforce a relationship that has benefited both nations for more than six decades .
A similar letter garnered 333 signatures in the House , and its support marks almost unified Republican support for Benjamin Netanyahu 's government , along with strong , but more divided , public Democratic discomfort with Obama 's policies in the region .
Signatories include key Democrats like Armed Services Chairman Carl Levin , Chuck Schumer , and Robert Menendez as well as all but four Republicans , with signers including Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , John McCain , and Scott Brown .
Majority Whip Dick Durbin , however , did not sign ; nor did Foreign Relations Chairman John Kerry and ranking member Richard Lugar .
The full Senate letter , circulated by Senators Barbara Boxer and Johnny Isakson , is here .
The Honorable Hillary Rodham Clinton
Secretary of State
United States Department of State
Washington , DC 20520
Dear Secretary Clinton :
We write to urge you to do everything possible to ensure that the recent tensions between the U.S. and Israeli administrations over the untimely announcement of future housing construction in East Jerusalem do not derail Israeli - Palestinian peace negotiations or harm U.S. - Israel relations .
In fact , we strongly believe that it is more important than ever for Israel and the Palestinians to enter into direct , face - to - face negotiations without preconditions on either side .
Despite your best efforts , Israeli - Palestinian negotiations have been frozen for over a year .
Indeed , in a reversal of 16 years of policy , Palestinian leaders are refusing to enter into direct negotiations with Israel .
Instead , they have put forward a growing list of unprecedented preconditions .
By contrast , Israel ’s prime minister stated categorically that he is eager to begin unconditional peace negotiations with the Palestinians .
Direct negotiations are in the interest of all parties involved – including the United States .
We also urge you to reaffirm the unbreakable bonds that tie the United States and Israel together and to diligently work to defuse current tensions .
The Israeli and U.S. governments will undoubtedly , at times , disagree over policy decisions .
But disagreements should not adversely affect our mutual interests – including restarting the peace process between Israel and her neighbors and preventing Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons .
From the moment of Israel ’s creation , successive U.S. administrations have appreciated the special relationship between our two nations .
Israel continues to be the one true democracy in the Middle East that brings stability to a region where it is in short supply .
Whether fighting Soviet expansionism or the current threats from regional aggression and terrorism , Israel has been a consistent , reliable ally and friend and has helped to advance American interests .
Similarly , by helping keep Israel strong , the United States has helped to reduce threats to Israel ’s security and advance the peace which successive Israeli governments have so avidly sought .
It is the very strength of our relationship that has made Arab - Israeli peace agreements possible , both because it convinced those who desired Israel ’s destruction to abandon any such hope and because it gave successive Israeli governments the confidence to take calculated risks for peace .
As the Vice President said during his recent visit to Israel : “ Progress occurs in the Middle East when everyone knows there is simply no space between the U.S. and Israel . ”
Steadfast American backing has helped lead to peace treaties with Egypt and Jordan .
We recognize that our government and the Government of Israel will not always agree on particular issues in the peace process .
But such differences are best resolved amicably and in a manner that befits longstanding strategic allies .
We must never forget the depth and breadth of our alliance and always do our utmost to reinforce a relationship that has benefited both nations for more than six decades .
Thank you for your consideration .
Sincerely ,
Barbara Boxer
United States Senator
Johnny Isakson
United States Senator
MINNESOTA SOCIAL
Minnesota Social
Digital Marketing and Social Media Management
Minnesota Social is a digital marketing firm specializing in assisting small to mid-sized businesses find and distribute their digital voice .
Each company we work with has different needs and unique marketing strategies , so the relationship we build with our clients is very important to us .
We want to see our clients ' companies improve and succeed .
Our services include social media management , email and text marketing , website development , SEO , and many more .
Our team of experts is committed to providing top - notch customer service to our clients so their needs are met .
画面割れの場合はどこで修理すれば良い？
i Phoneの不具合は、割とよくあることですが第一に精密機器ですしあれだけ薄くて精巧にできている電化製品ですので落としたりちょっとしたことで壊れるのは理解できます。
多い不具合で悩んでいる人の多いのが、画面の破損ではないでしょうか。
画面の破損というと落としたり何かにぶつけたときに液晶画面にひびが入るといった症状ですが、修理の費用は依頼先によっても異なります。
依頼先がメーカーの場合は数万円かかるのは覚悟したほうがよさそうですが、アップルケアという保証の契約をしていると一律の料金で修理をしてもらうことが出来ますのでお得です。
でも、このシステムは新品で購入した時に一定期間以内に契約する必要がありますので、入っていない人も多いのではないでしょうか。
私が以前メーカーから白ロムを購入した時は、自分は壊しやすいほうなのでこのアップルケアに加入しました。
1万円以上かったのでかなり高く感じましたし、実際1年以上たっても使っていないので入ってよかったのかはわかりませんがいざとなった時に不具合が起きて高額の料金がかかるよりはよほど良いです。
街にあるiPhone修理の専門店
高い料金を支払いたくないという方におすすめなのが、街にあるiPhone修理の専門店ですがこれはかなり料金が安いのでお勧めできます。
部品が純正でなかったりして不安という声もありますが、最近は純正品を使うところも増えていますし、問題なく使えますし何より料金が安いです。
i Phoneはただでさえ端末の価格が高いので、壊れたときにそんなに払えないという人は多いですしメーカー保証の期限が切れてから壊れることは結構ありますので、そういう人にはスマートドクタープロのような街にある専門店を使うというのも一つの方法と言えます。
メーカー以外のところでなおすと、それ以降は正規店での修理は受け付けたもらえなくなるというリスクはあるのですが、それほど何年も使うものではありませんし割り切って、安い費用でなおすという人も最近は多いです。
私はアップルケアに入っているので、街の修理店は利用したことが無いのですが利用している人は周囲にたくさんいますし実績のあるお店も増えています。
駅から徒歩で行けるようなお店は特に需要が高く、ネットで予約をしておいて通りがかりに預けると30分ほどでなおしてもらえるので正規店に預けるよりも簡単なのがメリットです。
正規店やメーカー修理は料金の高さが気になる
正規店やメーカー修理の方が確かに信頼性は高いのですが、やはり料金の高さが気になるという意見は多くあります。
壊れた箇所にもよりますが、基本的に1万円以上はかかってしまいますので、安く済ませてその分をためておいて新しい端末の費用に充てたほうが良いという意見の人は多いのではないでしょうか。
街にある専門店なら、通りがかりに預けてすぐになおしてもらうことが出来るのは大きなメリットです。
携帯電話を使えない期間が何日もあるというのは現代社会ではとても不便ですし、代替機種がある場合でもやはり自分の端末をスピーディーに使える状態にしてもらうほうがメリットは大きいと言えます。
壊れやすい部分は、画面の他にボタンやスピーカーや電源などがありますが、不具合の出る部分によって料金も異なるのであらかじめ知っておくのもポイントです。
街にある専門店では数千円でなおすことが出来る箇所が多いですし、割引なども充実しているのもメリットと言えます。
頻繁に壊れることが多いiPhoneですので、なるべく安く対応してほしいというニーズにこたえて、多くの業者がこうしたサービスを行っています。
最近は対応した箇所については数か月の保証をつけてくれるところも増えていますので、安心して利用することが可能というのもうれしいポイントです。
So , you want a dessert with an Irish twist for St. Patrick ’s Day ?
Maybe something tasty for the adults ?
Look no further !
This ice cream dessert is fabulous .
The story :
A while back we had lunch at Six Feet Under across from Oakland Cemetery , and they had something similar to this for dessert .
It was incredible , so I ’ve been planning to replicate it ever since .
So here we have it .. homemade Guinness Stout Ice-cream , topped with Bailey ’s Irish Cream and Irish whiskey .
That ’s it .
Simple and incredibly good .
It ’s inspired by the drink known as the Irish Car Bomb , which is a shot of Irish cream and Irish whiskey , dropped into a pint of stout , and then drunk very quickly .
I ’m personally not a fan , but among our crowd it is a favorite ( dangerous ) party drink .
Trust me , this dessert is even better .
Wanna see how we did it ?
Read on ..
Since I was going to attempt this and document it for Foodwhirl , I figured I needed to invite over a few adults to help me with the consuming of the results .
And , since this dessert has a pretty politically incorrect sounding name , I figured I ’d better make sure I had Irish buy in .
After finishing off the leftover Guinness , I had agreement from “ Kelli the Very Irish ” that it was not offensive .
Make the Guiness Icecream :
First off , we needed ice - cream .
I chose Emiril ’s recipe to work from , as it looked like a good one , that did n’t actually require a farmhouse full of eggs .
Here ’s the ingredients I used …
It ai n’t lo-cal .
# 12 ounces Guinness stout
# 2 cups heavy cream
# 2 cups whole milk
# 3/4 cup granulated sugar
# 1/2 teas vanilla extract .
# 6 egg yolks
First you need to reduce your Guinness .. your whole kitchen will smell like beer , but in a good way .
Simmering for about 8 minutes worked for me to reduce down to about 3/4 of the original 12 oz .
While that was reducing I separated the eggs … which I ’ve gotten to be quite good at …
Remember to use 3 bowls .. 1 for the current egg white , one for the yolks , and one for the whites .
There are egg separators to help , but I generally just move the egg yolk back and forth between the shell halves , or drain off the white through my fingers .
Next you ’re going to make your basic custard .
This is the same process you use to make eggnog and a lot of other things .
Heat your milk , cream , and sugar to just boiling .
I like to use my kitchen aide mixer for this …
I beat my eggs , then slowly slowly add the hot cream mixture to the eggs , tempering so that they do n’t curdle .
It ’s scary the first time , just go slow at the beginning .
Once you ’ve incorporated all of your milk mixture into the eggs , return to the stove and slowly heat back up to ~170 F .
At this point one of my intrepid helpers pointed out to me that the recipe said to chill for 2 hours .
I figured we could do an ice water bath for the mixture and skimp on that time frame .
We chilled it down , then added our Guiness reduction .
In retrospect , I really should have made the custard the day before and had it thoroughly chilled .
Now , pull out your ice - cream maker and freeze according to it ’s directions .
Here we use the ice - cream maker attachment for my much loved Kitchen Aide Mixer .
And … we had a little bit of an issue .
Because it ’s basically a frozen bowl , not something that you can add additional ice or cold to , we needed the mixture really cold to start with .
So our icecream was NOT done in 30 minutes , in fact it was basically a slushy after 1 hr .
So I threw the whole thing in the freezer ( to much teasing ) and we decided we would just wait a bit for ice cream !
Topping the Guinness Ice cream :
Eventually , we had a much more frozen icecream to work with .
The next steps are simple .
Just top with a shot ( or less , depending on your tastes and your serving size ) of Bailey ’s and a shot of Irish Whiskey .
The alcohol melts the ice cream pretty quickly too , so eat up !
The Rest of the Story ..
To be Continued !
Hope you enjoyed this little foray into making ice - cream …
We also ended up with an impromptu dinner party with our icecream eating guests , so stay tuned tomorrow for Chicken White Bean Chili with Pepper Cornbread !
Welcome to Foodwhirl , new readers !
Well , everyone ’s pretty new , because our site is brand new !
Like this ?
Be sure to grab our RSS feed so you do n’t miss anything … and we ’re doing lots of St Pats day ideas here ..
Follow us on Facebook or Twitter !
$ 238 billion loss for U.S. mail ; Saturday delivery may end
A letter carrier walks through snowdrifts to his mail truck Feb. 26 , 2010 , in Maplewood , N.J. , following a snowstorm that closed area schools and delayed commuter trains .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Snail mail might soon get even slower .
The cash - strapped U.S. Postal Service announced Tuesday that it will incur about $ 238 billion in losses in the next 10 years if Congress does n't permit it to revamp its outdated business model .
Digg
Buzz Up !
Email
Print
Quick Vote
What should the U.S. Postal Service do first to save money ?
End Saturday mail delivery
Raise the price of stamps
Cut staff or View results
The agency is proposing an adjusted mail service schedule , which will likely cut Saturday delivery , and eliminating its prepaid retiree health benefits .
That alone , it says , will cut $ 90 billion in costs over the next 10 years .
The challenges hurting USPS 's bottom line reflect a " macro change in society , " Postmaster General Jack Potter said at a press conference Monday previewing the proposed changes .
" All posts around the world are challenged , just as we are , by the diversion of hard copy to electronic medium . "
USPS unveiled a list of cost cutting measures , including closing some branches and raising its prices , two moves which would both require Congressional approval .
The agency also said that it expects to save another $ 123 billion between now and 2020 by renegotiating transportation contracts , cutting work hours , and expanding use of self - service kiosks in grocery stores and other popular retail spots -- measures that do n't require Congressional approval .
USPS is trying to curb steep losses .
It posted a $ 3.8 billion loss in its 2009 fiscal year , the latest in a multiyear string of whopping losses .
Mail volume was down 12.7 % for the year , a trend the agency expects to continue over the next decade as more consumers opt for online bill payments and message delivery .
The Post Office was $ 10 billion in debt as of Sept. 30 -- not far off from its $ 15 billion debt limit , which the agency expects to hit in its 2011 fiscal year .
USPS spent $ 4.8 million on studies by outside consultants , Accenture , the Boston Consulting Group and McKinsey and Co. to forecast a 10 - year outlook and present a plan that the agency calls both " ambitious and aggressive . "
Any changes to the government agency 's business model would have to be reviewed by the Postal Regulatory Commission , presented in a series of public hearings and approved by Congress .
The Post Office , an independent government agency , does not receive taxpayer dollars and is funded entirely by its own revenue .
However , the Postal Reorganization
Act of 1970 constrains the agency 's operations .
It prohibits USPS from closing small branches based solely on economic factors , and prevents the agency from expanding its services beyond postal delivery .
Post offices in some countries , including Italy and Japan , have boosted their sales by offering ancillary services , like banking .
But unless Congress steps in , USPS cannot expand beyond the postal - mail realm .
Postmaster General Potter said relaxing some of the agency 's stringent regulations could allow it to tap into its strengths as one of the largest retail networks in America , as well as " The Most Trusted Government Agency " -- a title USPS has won the last five years in a row .
With 32,000 post offices throughout the country , USPS has more retail locations than McDonald 's ( MCD , Fortune 500 ) , Starbucks ( SBUX , Fortune 500 ) , Wal - Mart ( WMT , Fortune 500 ) and Walgreens ( WAG , Fortune 500 ) combined , Thomas Dohrmann , partner at McKinsey & Company , said in the presentation Monday .
That said , the average foot traffic for a post office is about one tenth of that at Walgreens -- a mere 600 weekly customers .
USPS has already begun taking the axe to its budget .
The agency made $ 6 billion in cuts last year , reducing its workforce by about 40,000 employees and chopping overtime hours , transportation costs and other expenses .
Congress passed legislation allowing the organization to cut retiree health benefit payments by $ 4 billion .
Despite those measures , the agency still expects a net loss of $ 7.8 billion in fiscal 2010 .
USPS employs about 600,000 workers and currently has a nationwide hiring freeze .
Additionally , Chief Financial Officer Joseph Corbett says he expects to reduce its payrolls by the equivalent of 50,000 full - time employees in fiscal 2010 through natural attrition and by reducing overtime hours .
The agency also wants to renegotiate its contracts with four unions in order to gain greater flexibility in scheduling part - time workers and moving employees across departments .
A significant postal price hike is also under consideration , although the price most consumers care about -- the rate for a first - class stamp -- is locked in at 44 cents for 2010 .
" At the end of the day , I 'm convinced that if we make the changes that are necessary , we can continue to provide universal service for America for decades to come , " Potter said .
" We can turn back from the red to the black , but there are some very significant changes that are going to have to be made . "
" It is incumbent on Muslims to stand up for their faith – when 7/7 occurred those four evil young men killed themselves and over 50 innocent people because they followed a twisted and perverted interpretation of Islam which told them by doing so they would go to heaven , " he said .
IT IS a long time since quite so much seemed to hang on a British election .
With a week to go , the polls suggest that the old duopoly , with either Labour or the Conservatives commanding comfortable majorities under Britain 's first - past - the - post system , has been replaced by a three - way split , with Nick Clegg 's Liberal Democrats on course to pick up around 30 % of the votes , just behind David Cameron 's Tories and a whisker ahead of Gordon Brown 's Labour .
The way Britain 's voting system works , tiny changes in the popular vote could make huge differences to how many seats each party gets .
Horse - trading has already begun in expectation of a hung parliament .
And so has conjecture of dramatic realignments — to the centre - left , to the centre - right , to the very United Kingdom .
The exciting possibility that the country 's electoral geometry could be redrawn has overshadowed what should be the centre of an election campaign .
Britons must judge the parties on the basis of their policies and their current leaders .
As polling day , May 6th , approaches , it is to be hoped that debate will increasingly focus on these substantial issues .
The Economist has no ancestral fealty to any party , but an enduring prejudice in favour of liberalism .
Our bias towards greater political and economic freedom has often been tempered by other considerations : we plumped for Barack Obama over John McCain , Tony Blair over Michael Howard and a succession of Italian socialists over Silvio Berlusconi because we thought they were more inspiring , competent or honest than their opponents , even though the latter favoured a smaller state .
But in this British election the overwhelming necessity of reforming the public sector stands out .
It is not just that the budget deficit is a terrifying 11.6 % of GDP , a figure that makes tax rises and spending cuts inevitable .
Government now accounts for over half the economy , rising to 70 % in Northern Ireland .
For Britain to thrive , this liberty - destroying Leviathan has to be tackled .
The Conservatives , for all their shortcomings , are keenest to do that ; and that is the main reason why we would cast our vote for them .
In the Brown stuff
What of the current lot ?
In some ways , Gordon Brown is underappreciated .
He has stood firm in Afghanistan .
He kept Britain out of the euro , which Mr Blair wanted to join .
No matter what he did , Britain was always likely to get mauled in the credit crunch : with its reliance on banks and property , it was bound to be hard hit .
And , since the economic crisis began , he has mostly made the right decisions .
He saved the banks , pumped money into the economy and did as much as any leader to help avert a global depression .
But a prime minister should not get too much credit for climbing out of a hole he himself dug as chancellor .
Chancellor Brown poured money into public services .
As a result , Britain 's budget deficit is almost as big as Greece 's in proportion to its economy ; its public sector is larger .
This is a time - bomb of a legacy , and one that Mr Brown is ill equipped to defuse .
The prime minister has tended to take the side of producers — especially the public - sector unions — rather than consumers .
He frustrated some of Mr Blair 's efforts to reform the health service and education and slowed down others once he became prime minister .
There are mutterings about choice in Labour 's manifesto , but Mr Brown too often reverts to old - fashioned statism .
He has run a grim campaign ( see Bagehot ) , scarcely bothering to defend his record and concentrating instead on scaring people about the Tories ' plans .
Above all , the government is tired .
Mired in infighting and scandal , just as the Tories were in 1997 , New Labour has run its course ( see article ) .
Some hope that a hung parliament would usher in a refashioning of the centre - left : a Mandelsoned and Milibanded party would arise .
But it is better for the country that Labour has its looming nervous breakdown in opposition .
A change of government is essential .
The agony and the Cleggstacy
So why not change to the Liberal Democrats ?
Mr Clegg 's surge has been thrilling , all the more so since the viler attempts to smear him by a panicking Tory press seem to have backfired .
This newspaper has been looking for a credible liberal party in Britain for nigh on a century .
Mr Clegg is clever and charming .
We share his enthusiasm for civil liberties and his willingness to stand up for immigrants .
And he is right that the current voting system , which could mean that he ends up with the same number of votes as Mr Brown but a third of his seats , is unfair .
But look at the policies , rather than the man , and the Lib Dems seem less appealing .
In the event of another European treaty , they would hold a referendum not on that treaty but on whether to stay in or leave the EU ; odd , given that they also ( wrongly ) want to take Britain into the euro .
They are flirting with giving up Britain 's nuclear deterrent .
They would abolish tuition fees for universities , which would mean either letting the quality of British higher education slide still further or raising the subsidy to mostly well - off students by increasing state funding .
They are worried about climate change but oppose the expansion of nuclear power , which is the most plausible way of cutting emissions .
Their policies towards business are arguably to the left of Labour's .
A 50 % capital - gains tax , getting rid of higher - rate relief on pensions and a toff - bashing mansion tax are not going to induce the entrepreneurial vim Britain needs .
Vince Cable , the Lib Dems ' chancellor - in - waiting , recently dismissed the bosses who argued against the government 's planned National Insurance increase as “ nauseating ” ; that feeling might well be reciprocated by the nation 's wealth creators if the Lib Dems came into power .
An international comparison is helpful .
Germany 's Free Democrats have adopted both parts of liberalism : they believe in both civil liberties and the free market .
The Liberal Democrats , a coalition between the distant heirs of a once - great governing party and more European - style social democrats , have not yet made the same jump to the radical middle .
Optimists cling to the hope that a hung parliament and a realignment on the centre - right would bring that leap about , but for the moment the Lib Dems seem unsure whether they are to the left or the right of Labour .
To the extent that elections are holidays from normal politics , Mr Clegg has been a delightful holiday romance for many Britons ; but this newspaper does not fancy moving in with him for the next five years .
That leaves the Tories .
They plainly have faults .
They have run a lacklustre campaign .
We dislike their Europhobic fringe and their exaggerations about Britain 's broken society .
We thought they were wrong to oppose the economic stimulus after the banking crash .
Mr Cameron is prone to bouts of complacency — amply illustrated by his refusal last year to use the expenses scandal as a pretext finally to get rid of Lord Ashcroft , a controversial offshore donor whose money the Tories plainly no longer needed .
He has not done enough to convince voters that he is the man to bring change — and thus created an opening into which Mr Clegg has ably stepped .
But just as the kaleidoscope of this weird election has painted Mr Clegg 's relatively small advances in brighter colours , it has dulled Mr Cameron 's much bigger ones .
Judged over the past four years , not the past four weeks , he has done a great deal to modernise his party , stamping out social illiberalism , reducing the Europe - bashing and adding environmentalism .
During the boom years , his much - maligned chancellor , George Osborne , did not give in to demands from the right for tax cuts , pointing to the deepening hole in the government finances ; at the Tory conference last year , when Mr Brown was still unable to mention “ cuts ” , Mr Osborne was also the first politician to commit his party to an austerity programme .
Since then , like the other parties , the Tories have gone quiet on the question of cuts .
But , more than their rivals , they are intent on redesigning the state .
They would reform the NHS by bringing in more outside providers ; their plans to give parents and teachers the right to set up schools are the most radical idea in this election .
Centralisers under Margaret
Thatcher , they now want to devolve power to locally elected officials , including mayors and police chiefs .
Some of this is clouded in waffle about a Big Society .
Other bits do not go far enough : it is foolish to rule out letting for - profit companies run schools and wrong to exempt the NHS from cuts .
But Mr Cameron is much closer to answering the main question facing Britain than either of his rivals is .
In this complicated , perhaps inevitably imperfect election , he would get our vote .
Those playing Assassin's Creed 2 on the PC got a rude reminder of DRM 's pitfalls when the servers that authenticate the game went down .
Many complained on the company 's official forum , and tempers ran hot .
Remember : the game has to be in contact with Ubisoft 's servers to work ; if the connection is lost , the game shuts down .
Ars Technica contacted Ubisoft to ask about the issue , and we were told that the issue was n't simply a server malfunction .
" This ' failure ' was due to a massive DDoS attack on our servers , " an Ubisoft spokesperson told Ars .
" Our servers did n't go down but 5 percent of the overall people attempting to connect received denial of service errors .
This is , of course , unacceptable and our teams are working around the clock to ensure it does n't happen again . "
The issue of pirates playing the game also gets short shrift .
" Neither Assassin 's Creed II nor Silent Hunter 5 are cracked at the time we speak .
As mentioned previously , ' cracked ' versions are incomplete ... as in missing whole parts of the game and crucial features , " the spokesperson continued .
That means that with just the data from the disc or your download , you wo n't be able to play the game .
The content requires whatever the Ubisoft servers are giving it .
Ubisoft leaves us all with a reminder that no matter how intrusive or failure - prone it is , DRM is n't going away .
" We worry about our customers and apologize to anyone who could n’t play ACII or SH5 yesterday .
All in all , we hope people understand all this is done to preserve the future of PC gaming . "
when operated at maximum energy the LHC will create a black hole and wipe out earth ?
Eric Johnson , assistant professor of law at the University of North Dakota and author of the report The Black Hole Case : The Injunction Against The End Of The World , writes in a recent edition of New Scientist :
“ Up until now , the various lawsuits filed against the LHC have faltered .
But if the right kind of claim is filed in the proper court , a judge may soon have to face the question of whether an injunction might be needed to save the world . ”
Johnson continues by making the claim that it is not impossible that ' Groupthink ' , might have caused the thousands of physicists involved to “ reach a worry - free outlook that is not justified by the facts ” .
He further states that scientific arguments alone , whilst all that matters in academic disputes , will not be enough to demonstrate the safety of the LHC :
“ The question of whether the LHC is safe is not academic – it is a real - world question with the highest possible stakes .
Evaluating the science from a real - world perspective , and understanding scientific work to be a fallible human enterprise , is not merely fair – where justice is concerned it is essential . ”
Ouch .
A well - known demagogic strategy to undermine hard scientific arguments .
First establish that scientific facts are scholarly or academic by nature , and then use the term ' academic '
pejoratively as if it is the antonym to
' real - world ' .
Let 's see if we can give this concerned lawyer a ' real - world ' perspective on the risks involved .
Nothing ' academic ' .
Just empirical facts and a bit of well - established high - school level physics .
Some simple order - of - magnitude estimations will allow any lawyer or judge who is not completely alien to empirical physics , to place the LHC black hole risk in its right place within the scheme of things .
So how dangerous is the Large Hadron Collider ?
How likely is it that
How to build a black hole
What does it take to form a black hole ?
The straightforward answer is : a lot of mass .
That is generally true , but mass is not a number that in itself specifies black hole formation risk .
One can , at least in principle , form black holes with widely different sizes and masses .
We need a number that characterizes black hole formation and that is independent of the size of the black hole .
That number exists .
It is the confinement force .
To create a black hole you need to collapse a lot of energy in a small space .
The pressure ( force per area ) you need to do so is dependent on the size of the resulting black hole , but the force itself turns out to be independent of this size .
Whether you are creating a micro black hole or a giant billion solar mass black hole , its creation requires a confinement force equal to :
F BH = c4/4 G = 10 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 Newton .
That is not just a big number .
That is a gigantic number specifying a truly supreme confinement .
For comparison : the force that gravitationally confines Newton 's apple to earth happens to be just 1 Newton .
How close to forming a black hole ?
Subatomic particle collisions ( red ) compared to mechanical presses ( green ) , massive objects ( blue ) and gravitational systems ( black ) .
It takes 43 orders of magnitude to go from Newton 's apple to a black hole .
Nutcrackers and particle smashers
How close can we get to a 1043 Newton confinement force ?
Let 's say you need to crack open a nut , but you have no tools available .
The best you can do is probably to place the nut in your mouth and crack it open using your bite .
The human bite generates a surprisingly strong confinement force : about 700 Newton , comparable to the force needed to lift the same human in earth 's gravitational field .
With suitable tools you can do much better and generate a much larger confinement force .
What you need is a tool that acts as force multiplier .
A nutcracker fits the bill .
But we have much more powerful force multipliers .
The largest hydraulic presses available ( beasts towering more than 20 meters high ) generate confinement forces of about 50 kiloTons , or half a billion Newtons .
Impressive , huh ?
Maybe .
But we can do even better .
More than 10,000 times better .
A brute force approach ( building larger hydraulic presses ) will fail to realize confinement forces of such magnitude .
We need to be a bit more clever and rethink the concept of confinement .
Physics shows us the way : a confinement force corresponds to the ratio between the energy stored in the region , and the linear size of that region ( for which we take the circumference that fits around the region ) :
F conf = E / 2 R
So , a more clever way to generate high confinement forces is to increase the numerator and also decrease the denominator in this expression .
For that we need to store a lot of energy in a small space .
Particle smashers like the LHC excel at this task .
However , they can't generate unlimited forces .
According to quantum physics , the smallest circumference that can be achieved is inversely proportional to the energy :
2 R hc /E
here , h is Planck 's constant , and c denotes the speed of light .
It follows that the confinement force can be made to scale with the square of the energy provided you manage to place that energy in the smallest possible volume :
F conf E2/hc
With collision energies in the LHC soon to reach 14 TeV ( 2 micro Joules ) the LHC will be capable of cracking open subnuclear ' nuts ' with forces that potentially can go up to 25 000 000 000 000 Newton ( 25 Tera Newton ) .
That is a pretty impressive nut cracker !
However compared to the confinement force needed to create a black hole , the LHC falls short by almost thirty orders of magnitude .
That is the same order of magnitude by which a grain of sand falls short of forming a volume as large as earth .
I would tend to label that a pretty decent safety factor .
But there is more .
Although impressive when compared to nutcrackers and hydraulic presses , LHC 's confinement forces pale in significance when compared to ongoing uncontrolled particle smashings that no court will ever prohibit .
Oh - My - God !
UHECRs are the high - energy particles that bombard us from outer space .
Events with energies in excess of 1020 eV ( more than ten million times the energy of the particles in the LHC ) have been observed .
Although at least fifteen similar events have been observed since , the ' Oh - My - God ' particle observed in 1991 with the Fly 's Eye detector array in Utah still holds the record .
It did strike with a measured energy of 3 1020 eV ( 50 Joules ) .
That is an energy capable of generating a confinement force of 13 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 Newton .
That is close to a million times a billion larger confinement force than what can potentially be generated by the LHC .
And the point is : these ultra - high energy cosmic rays hit earth at a rate of more than a million per year .
Yet , even after billions of years of such bombardment , no black hole has swallowed earth .
Not surprising at all , taken into account that the “ Oh - My - God ' confinement force , falls short from the force needed to create a black hole by a factor of a trillion .
A decent safety factor , that made us survive millions times billions of events .
The black hole buzzing around your head
Have we any experience with confinement forces larger than the ' Oh - My - God confinement ' ?
Sure we have .
Force keeps matter together .
Without confining forces , there would be no stable matter .
How large are these confinement forces ?
That is easy .
Let 's start small and take a proton as an example .
We again use the above energy / circumference formula to estimate the confinement force .
For energy we substitute the rest energy ( E = Mc2 ) and for a proton find a confinement force of 170 000 Newton .
That is a number typical for the color confinement between quarks in nuclear particles like the proton .
What if we investigate larger massive objects ?
The confinement force , that scales with the mass / circumference ratio , will grow bigger .
Let 's take a housefly .
The total confinement force that keeps a housefly together is about 40 000 000 000 000 Newton .
Did you notice that this is slightly larger than the maximum confinement force that can be generated by the LHC ?
Impressive , right ?
Well , you might also turn the argument around and be disappointed by the feeble giant called LHC being defeated by a house fly when it comes to black - hole generating power .
What about still larger masses ?
How large an object do we need to get a total confinement force compareable to that generated by the ' Oh - My - God ' particle ?
That turns out to be an object somewhat bigger than a house fly , an object like ' 951 Gaspra ' , a piece of rock of 18 x 10 x 9 km in the asteroid belt of our solar system .
But we can still go further .
What is the total confinement force of the earth itself ?
That force appears to reach a whopping 14 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 Newton .
Huge .
But not nearly enough to create a black hole .
Still a safety margin of about a billion to go .
Empirically we know that this safety factor is more than likely okay , if not indefinitely then at least for many , many millions of years to come .
After all , we have the empirical evidence : earth has been around for a few billion years already .
All that time it has been bombarded with many trillions ' Oh - My - God ' events , yet so far earth has n't shown any tendency of collapsing into a black hole .
The Backpack Power Plant collapses into a portable unit , with the generator , hub and folded blades stored inside .
Credit : Bourne Energy .
Bourne Energy , a company based in Malibu , California , specializes in a variety of hydropower systems .
While most of its technology is for large - scale applications , with multiple units generating energy on the megawatt scale , the company recently revealed a hydroelectric generator that is small enough that it can be worn as a backpack .
Weighing less than 30 pounds , the Backpack Power Plant ( BPP ) can generate 500 watts of power from streams at least four feet deep .
Bourne demonstrated a militarized version of the BPP last week at the Cleantech Forum in San Francisco .
Compared with the less rugged civilian version , the military version can generate 600 watts and weighs less than 25 pounds .
To install the mini hydro system in a stream , a person first digs two trenches on opposite sides of the stream and inserts a lightweight anchor into each trench .
Then a rope is used to connect the anchors , and the hydropower plant is hung from the rope over ( and into ) the stream .
The civilian version functions best in streams where the water is running at 2.3 meters per second , while the military version is designed to work with a variety of flow rates .
As Bourne Energy CEO Chris Catlin explained , the system 's design is based on the high - tension mooring systems that hold up floating oil rigs .
However , the military version can also be bottom - mounted to be completely invisible .
Further , both versions can be set up in arrays to generate more than 30 kW of power .
The civilian version will cost about $ 3,000 when it goes into production .
The company predicts that the biggest markets for the system may be in developing nations , as well as the military .
Bourne Energy notes that the biggest advantage of the Backpack Power Plant is its ability to generate relatively large amounts of power as a portable device , especially when compared to other renewable technologies such as solar cells .
“ This can bring a cheap , highly portable energy technology to remote areas and remote villages , ” Catlin said .
Explore further Energy surety microgrid model to be tested
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
Book of the Week India Notes
by Raghu Rai
This year , India celebrates its 60th year as a republic , after gaining independence from Great Britain .
In recognition , Magnum presents some highlights from Raghu Rai ’s recent book , India Notes .
View selected images
Join the Fray © Marilyn Silverstone / Magnum Photos
What do you think of these photos ?
Join the Fray , our reader discussion forum .
Post a message Read messages A photographer is an acrobat treading the high wire of chance , trying to capture shooting stars .
Guy Le Querrec
Welcome to the Lost Fan Fiction Showcase
This part of the site will allow fans of the show to showcase their work .
Whether it be a piece of artwork , a photoshopped poster , a musical montage of your favourite characters , a video compilation , a humorous video , or a story / narrative , then this is the place to post .
Please use the form below to submit your work or email me via the Contact button in the page header .
Each post be it photo / video / text will allow visitors to view , rate and comment on your work .
Do n't be shy and submit your work today .
Submit Your Work
Despite the criticism of the Supreme Court ’s eminent domain ruling in Kelo , the city of Auburn , New York appears undeterred and is threatening to invoke eminent domain to seize private property for a private company .
The Kelo opinion was wrongly decided in allowing a Connecticut town to seize homes to give the land to a private company .
Putting that flawed legal logic aside , I am astonished that elected officials continue to abuse eminent domain powers in this way and shows the need for state laws barring the practice .
Mayor Mike Quill insists that the interests of the majority ( and one powerful developer ) must trump the property rights of a few citizens .
Ironically , after selling out their fellow citizens , the people of New London , Connecticut never did reap the rewards that they sought , here .
The city is threatening citizens that if they do not reach an agreement with a developer , the city will come in and take the land and give it to the developer .
Auburn Mayor Michael Quill admits “ eminent domain , no one likes it . ”
Well . . . no they do n’t , Mayor Quill , but particularly when you are coercing citizens to sell to powerful developers or face the seizure of their property by the city .
Quill insists that “ we have a responsibility to the entire community . . . we have to look at the long range for the entire community . ”
That is hardly an excuse to use any means that benefits the majority .
That would be a justification for everything from eminent domain to majoritarian terror .
There are many acts that would benefit the majority by penalizing a few .
That does not make it right or wise .
The Supreme Court was wrong in its 5 - 4 decision in Kelo , but the fact that the city can do this act does not make it right to do it .
For the full story , click here .
Share this : Twitter
Reddit
Facebook
Email
There are fears that a coal ship which has run aground near the Great Barrier Reef could break up , spilling more oil into the pristine waters of the marine park .
The Chinese vessel Shen Neng 1 ran aground on Douglas Shoal , east of Rockhampton near Great Keppel Island , on Saturday .
Authorities say the vessel is balanced precariously on the shoal and could break up .
The crew is still on board .
It is estimated that damage to the ship 's hull and fuel tanks has caused a narrow spill of three to four tonnes of oil about three kilometres in length and 100 metres wide .
Maritime Safety Queensland spokesman Patrick Quirk says authorities are focusing on stabilising the ship to minimise the exposure and further risk to the reef .
" We have helicopters in the air assessing the damage around the ship .
Indications are that any oil spill would have been on a very small amount , " he said .
It is unclear why the ship was travelling in a restricted part of the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park .
Several state and federal agencies are investigating the incident .
Like many ships , it did not have a marine pilot with specialist local knowledge on board .
The Federal Opposition says Australian Defence Force assets should be made available to help salvage the ship .
Opposition environment spokesman Greg Hunt says the situation has to be dealt with quickly .
" What we need to make sure is that the Prime Minister is personally in charge , that he assumes responsibility , and therefore appropriate
Defence assets should be made available , " he said .
" The ship could easily break up , and to be wise after the fact will be an environmental disaster for the Barrier Reef . "
Salvage workers will deliver an initial report today about the condition and future of the ship .
Maritime Safety Queensland spokesman Mark Strong says they have sprayed the spill with chemical dispersants and may do so again today .
" The first run seemed to lead to an improvement in the oil clean - up .
It certainly dispersed some of the oil that was there , " he said .
" It is a heavy fuel oil and as such is more resistant than normal to chemical dispersants , but the best time to attempt to disperse oil with chemical dispersant is in the first 24 hours . "
He says the ship must have been travelling well off course when it became stuck in a protected reef .
Mr Strong says a local navigator had been on the ship to guide it into open water but left before the accident occurred .
" The area is an environmentally sensitive area and ... all shipping is banned from using that environmentally sensitive area , " he said .
" As a result , the vessel was significantly off the course that it should have been on . "
Queensland Premier Anna
Bligh says a second salvage tug should be on site by about midday , but it is a very complex operation .
Yesterday Ms Bligh said it was not known why the ship was in a restricted part of the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park .
But Mr Strong says it could have been much worse .
" This spill certainly is not as bad as it could initially have been , " he said .
" We still have only a small amount of fuel in the water .
" It is fuel from the vessel itself and that 's why we 're taking every precaution before a decision is made on how the vessel may be salvaged . "
' Big concern '
Island resident Carl Svendsen makes his living from the reef and is familiar with the area 70 kilometres east of the island where the ship ran aground .
" [ I 'm ] quite shocked to hear in this day and age that a ship had run up on the reef out here in reasonable weather conditions , " he said .
" In that particular area the reef is very pristine .
So you 've got all your coral reef and there 's all the sea birds around .
" For example , very large seabird populations nest and breed there so this is just about in visible distance , just over the horizon from there .
So [ it is ] a very big concern for us . "
Marine geologist Dr Greg Webb from Queensland University of Technology is also familiar with the incident site .
He says the good news is that the reefs are well spaced out , however the spill will add extra strain where it is not needed .
" The reefs are terribly resilient .
If you apply enough different stresses to them all at once , we really do n't know what the effects could be , " he said .
" In the past we always just thought a reef could put up with anything , and I guess over the last decade or so , we 're beginning to understand that maybe they can't . "
Just last year the container carrier Pacific Adventurer spilled a large amount of oil after striking trouble off Moreton Island and Queensland 's Sunshine Coast .
Federal Environment Protection Minister Peter Garrett says he will await the results of an investigation before passing judgment on what happened in the latest incident .
Mr Garrett points out that the Queensland Government is leading the operation with assistance from the Commonwealth .
It will be up to the Commonwealth , however , to determine whether charges should be laid .
Keep the Formspring questions coming !
It will replace the Q&A page soon .
The most recent Q&A :
I feel that a normal human would n’t be able to walk all over the universe like Edmund does .
Does he have superhuman leg muscles ?
Well , he ’s a pretty lanky fellow , so he ’s not carrying much weight , except for his backpack .
He does rest a lot .
For example , he just spent several days in jail as of the writing of this response .
The can be questions about me , Edmund Finney , life in general , or boxes !
There ’s still more I need to get to , and some out of which to make blog posts .
They shall be answered .
Rep . Ron Paul was the top vote - getter in this year 's CPAC 's straw poll .
Boos as Paul wins CPAC straw poll
Rep. Ron Paul , the libertarian - leaning Texas Republican who ran a quixotic bid for the Republican presidential nomination in 2008 , was the top vote - getter Saturday in the Conservative Political Action Conference ’s straw poll , capturing the support of 31 percent of those who participated in the contest .
Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , who had won the CPAC straw poll for three consecutive years , took 22 percent of the vote .
Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin won 7 percent , and Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty garnered 6 percent .
Pawlenty attended the conference ; Palin did not .
Advertisement
Paul ’s victory renders a straw poll that was already lightly contested among the likely 2012 GOP hopefuls all but irrelevant , as the 74 - year - old Texan is unlikely to be a serious contender for his party ’s nomination .
As the results were displayed on twin large screens in the ballroom — and even before Republican pollster Tony Fabrizio could announce who had won — a cascade of boos came down from a crowd that views Paul and his fervent supporters as irritants .
Paul ’s backers responded with cheers , though , when their candidate was then proclaimed by Fabrizio as the winner .
CPAC organizers were plainly embarrassed by the results , which could reduce the perceived impact of a contest that was once thought to offer a window into which White House hopefuls were favored by movement conservatives .
A spokesman for the conference rushed over to reporters after the announcement to make sure they had heard the unmistakable boos when the screen first showed Paul had won the straw poll .
Indiana Rep. Mike Pence , who heads the House Republican Conference , took 5 percent of the vote .
Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee each won 4 percent .
Nearly 3,000 votes were cast in the straw poll , the most in the history of the 37 - year conference , but that number represented only a fraction of the approximately 10,000 people who attended CPAC .
By finishing well above Palin and Pawlenty , Romney clearly remains well - positioned among the conservative activists who attend conferences such as CPAC .
Having already sought his party ’s presidential nomination once , and retaining many of the supporters he had in 2008 , Romney enters the early going of the 2012 race as something close to a front - runner .
But the results of the straw poll , though imprecise , indicate that conservatives are not entirely happy with the field of likely candidates mentioned two years before the first balloting .
Fifty - three percent of those who participated in the contest said they wished the GOP had a better field of candidates .
Forty - six percent said they were satisfied with those now seen as possible presidential candidates .
While Palin ’s decision not to attend the conference may have been a factor in her single - digit showing , her modest finish underscores the degree to which she is not seen as a serious presidential contender by the most attuned activists in her party .
Even though he and his aides sought to downplay the poll , Pawlenty ’s finish represents a disappointment for the 2012 Republican contender who has worked the most aggressively in the past year to make a name in party circles .
Besides Romney , Pawlenty is the only potential candidate with the makings of a campaign infrastructure .
But given Paul ’s win and the minimal effort made to contest the straw poll by the mainstream candidates — unlike in years past , there was no campaigning by them to rally support — the results do n’t offer the window into the organizational strength of hopefuls offered by past polls .
Forty - eight percent of those who participated in the contest indicated that they were students , and the divergent reaction to the results reflected the outcome .
When Paul was announced as the winner , his many college - age supporters erupted in the corridors outside the ballroom , yelling , jumping and chanting their candidate ’s name .
“ We came here a long way to support Ron Paul and the Campaign for Liberty , ” said Jeremy Henchcliffe , a student at Central Connecticut State University .
Other conservatives , though , voiced their frustration at Paul ’s showing .
“ I understand their passion , but he’s not the leader of the conservative movement , ” said California Republican Phil Jennerjahn , who is mounting an uphill congressional run in the 33rd District .
Even before CSS 3 introduced a cornucopia of new border properties , CSS 2.1 provided plenty of great functionality , enabling designers to style and enhance borders in many different ways .
But now with the many new border properties available with CSS 3 , much more is possible , including everything from background border images , asymmetrical border radii , border transformations , custom fitting , and much more .
While not every browser fully supports all of the awesome new styles , we can practice progressive enhancement to create beautiful , well - styled borders for modern browsers while supporting the dinosaurs with suitable fallback styles .
Many of us know how easy it is to use CSS border properties to do cool stuff like image - free , cross - browser rounded corners , but there is so much more that is possible with all of the new CSS 3 properties .
In this article , we ’ll explore the CSS 3 and CSS 2.1 border properties while keeping a keen eye out for obvious patterns and taking note of key points along the way .
When it ’s all said and done , hopefully we ’ll have a better understanding of the “ big picture ” concerning the functional and syntactical mechanism behind the magical world of CSS border properties .
Border Color
The border - color property consists of four individual properties :
border - color border - top - color border - right - color border - bottom - color border - left - color
border - color supports any valid color value including transparent
supports any valid color value including the element ’s background color extends into the border area and appears when border - color set to transparent
Border Style
The border - style property consists of four individual properties :
border - style border - top - style border - right - style border - bottom - style border - left - style
property values include : none , hidden , dotted , dashed , solid , double , dot - dash , dot - dot - dash , wave , groove , ridge , inset , outset
Border Radius
The border - radius property consists of four individual properties :
border - radius border - top - right - radius border - bottom - right - radius border - bottom - left - radius border - top - left - radius
negative values not allowed
allowed two values may be used to define both horizontal and vertical radii
if either of these two values is set to zero , no rounding will be rendered
if these values are the same , they may be combined into a single value
Border Image
The border - image property consists of two different groups , border - edge- image and border - corner - image .
border - edge-image
In CSS 3 , the border - image property consists of the following individual properties :
border - image border - image - source border - image - slice border - image - width border - image - outset border - image - repeat
Which may be further broken down to accommodate unique individual side images :
border - image border - top - image border - right - image border - bottom - image border - left - image
border - image - source specifies an image to use instead of the border styles given by the border - style properties and as an additional background layer for the element .
If the value is none or if the image cannot be displayed , the border styles will be used
specifies an image to use instead of the border styles given by the properties and as an additional background layer for the element .
If the value is or if the image cannot be displayed , the border styles will be used there are four border - image - slice values that represent inward offsets from the top , right , bottom , and left edges of the image respectively , dividing it into nine regions : four corners , four edges and a middle .
The middle image part is discarded ( treated as fully transparent ) unless the fill keyword is present , in which case it is drawn over the background
values that represent inward offsets from the top , right , bottom , and left edges of the image respectively , dividing it into nine regions : four corners , four edges and a middle .
The middle image part is discarded ( treated as fully transparent ) unless the keyword is present , in which case it is drawn over the background someone please explain to me what the difference is between border - image - width and border - image - slice
and the border - image - outset specifies the amount by which the border image area extends beyond the border box on the top , right , bottom , and left sides respectively
specifies the amount by which the border image area extends beyond the border box on the top , right , bottom , and left sides respectively the border - image - repeat property specifies how the images for the sides and the middle part of the border image are scaled and tiled ; values include : stretch , repeat , round
property specifies how the images for the sides and the middle part of the border image are scaled and tiled ; values include : stretch , repeat , round specifies the images for the edges , not the corners
question : in CSS 3 , can we still specify up to three images for each of the four edges , like so :
. border - image { border : solid transparent 10 px ; border - top - image : url ( " border-top-01.png " ) 10 round round , url ( " border-top-02.png " ) 10 round round , url ( " border-top-03.png " ) 10 round round ; border - right - image : url ( " border -right-01.png " ) 10 round round , url ( " border -right-02.png " ) 10 round round , url ( " border-right-03.png " ) 10 round round ; border - bottom - image : url ( " border-bottom -01.png " ) 10 round round , url ( " border-bottom -02.png " ) 10 round round , url ( " border-bottom -03.png " ) 10 round round ; border - left- image : url ( " border -left-01.png " ) 10 round round , url ( " border -left-02.png " ) 10 round round , url ( " border -left-03.png " ) 10 round round ; }
border - corner - image
The border - corner - image property consists of four individual properties :
border - corner - image border - top - left - image border - top - right - image border - bottom - right - image border - bottom - left - image
question : is this property still possible with CSS 3 ?
3 ? specifies images for the corners , not the edges
separate images may be specified for each of the four border corners :
. border - image { border : solid transparent 10 px ; border - top - left - image : url ( " top- left.png " ) 10 round round , border - top - right - image : url ( " top- right.png " ) 10 round round , border - bottom - right - image : url ( " bot- right.png " ) 10 round round , border - bottom - left - image : url ( " bot- left.png " ) 10 round round , }
As if that were n’t enough , each of these properties may be applied via vendor - specific prefixes , which are summarized as follows :
. border - image { border : solid transparent 10px ; - webkit- border -image : url ( " border.png " ) 10 round round ; - khtml-border-image : url ( " border.png " ) 10 round round ; - icab - border - image : url ( " border.png " ) 10 round round ; - moz - border - image : url ( " border.png " ) 10 round round ; -o- border - image : url ( " border.png " ) 10 round round ; border - image : url ( " border.png " ) 10 round round ; }
Border Fit
The border - fit property consists of two different groups , border - fit - length and border - fit - width .
border - fit border - fit - length border - fit - width
Border - fit- length
The border - fit - length property consists of four individual properties :
border - fit - length border - top - fit - length border - right - fit - length border - bottom - fit - length border - left - fit - length
Border - fit - width
The border - fit - width property consists of four individual properties :
border - fit - width border - top - fit - width border - right - fit - width border - bottom - fit - width border - left - fit - width
property values include : clip , repeat , scale , stretch , overwrite , overflow , space
, , , , , , border - fit - length determines tiling for the length of all four sides
determines tiling for the length of all four sides border - fit - width determines tiling for the width of all four sides
determines tiling for the width of all four sides there is also a border - corner - fit property , which determines tiling for corners
Border Image Transformation
The border - image - transform and border - corner - image - transform properties are used to specify that an image on the corner is a transform of the border - top - left - image or the images on the edge is a transform of border - top - image and border - left - image .
border - image - transform border - corner - image - transform
property values for border - image - transform include : none , rotate , reflect - xy , reflect - right , reflect - left
include : , , , , property values for border - corner - image - transform include : none , rotate , reflect
Border Break
Nope , this does n’t mean we get to take a break from all this border insanity .
Rather , the border - break property determines how the border handles breaks in content flow .
border - break
When a box that has a border is broken at a page break , column break , or , for inline elements , at a line break , a border can be inserted at the break , or the border can be left open
A border - style or a border - image will add padding and a border at the break , as if it was the normal end of the box
The value “ none ” will not add padding or border at the break .
The property has no effect if the border is absent
Box Shadow
Not sure why this is included in the CSS 3 Border Module , so here it is .
The box - shadow property adds a drop shadow to any block - level element :
box - shadow
one or more drop - shadows can be attached to a box
drop - shadows are drawn just outside the border
shadows do not influence the layout : they may overlap with other boxes
shadows may be rounded if border - radius is applied to the box
is applied to the box shadows are only drawn where borders would also be drawn
Border Shorthand Properties
The border property is a shorthand property for setting the same width , color , style and images for all four borders of a box .
border border - top border - right border - bottom border - left
Each of these shorthand properties consists of the following individual properties :
border border - width border - style border - color border - url border - image - transform border - top border - top - width border - top - style border - top - color border - top - url border - right border - right - width border - right - style border - right - color border - right - url border - bottom border - bottom - width border - bottom - style border - bottom - color border - bottom - url border - left border - left - width border - left - style border - left - color border - left-url
omitted values are set to their initial values
the border - image property overrides the border - style property
There ’s … too many of them
Well , perhaps not , but I do think that 90 % of current designs are probably not taking advantage of all that these border properties have to offer .
I think I understood the CSS 2.1 specifications for the border module , but now with CSS 3 , much has changed , including properties that seem to have disappeared entirely ( e.g. , border - corner - image ) .
Other properties are less - capable ( e.g. , multiple images via border - image ) , and others seem like they may possibly interfere with each other ( e.g. , border - image - repeat and border - fit ) .
Hopefully all of this will be worked out and become clear so regular joes like myself can understand and apply these rules properly and without confusion or paranoia that they might break something , somewhere , in a browser far far away .
In the meantime , it looks like we have more than enough border styles to keep us going with well - styled borders for the next 5 to 10 years .
Editor 's note : Dr. Dean G. Lorich is the associate director of the Orthopaedic Trauma Service at the Hospital for Special Surgery and New York Presbyterian Hospital and teaches orthopedic surgery at the Weill Medical College of Cornell University .
Dr. Soumitra Eachempati is a medical researcher with a clinical surgical practice and teaches at Weill Cornell Medical College .
Dr. David L. Helfet is professor of orthopedic surgery at Weill Cornell Medical College and director of the Orthopaedic Trauma Service at the Hospital for Special Surgery and New York - Presbyterian Hospital .
New York City ( CNN ) --
Four years ago , the devastating Hurricane Katrina affected millions in the United States .
The initial medical response was ill - equipped , understaffed , poorly coordinated and delayed .
Criticism was fierce .
The response to Haiti has been the same .
The point no one seems to remember is this : Medical response to these situations cannot be delayed .
Immediate access to emergency equipment is also crucial .
Within 24 hours of the earthquake , Dr. David Helfet put together a 13 - member team of surgeons , anesthesiologists and operating room nurses , with a massive amount of orthopedic operating room equipment , ready to be flown directly to Port - au - Prince on a private plane .
We also had a plan to replace physicians and equipment -- within 24 hours , we could bring in whatever was necessary on a private jet .
We believe we had a reasonably comprehensive orthopedic trauma service ; as trauma surgeons , we planned to provide acute care in the midst of an orthopedic disaster .
We expected many amputations .
But we thought we could save limbs that were salvageable , particularly those of children .
We recognized that in an underdeveloped country , a limb amputation may be a death sentence .
It does not have to be so .
We thought our plan was a good one , but we soon learned we were incredibly naive .
Disaster management in Haiti was nonexistent .
The difficulties in getting in -- despite the intelligence we had from people on the ground and Dr. Helfet 's connections with Partners in Health and Bill and Hillary Clinton -- only hinted at the difficulties we would have once we arrived .
We started out Friday morning and got a slot to get into Port - au - Prince on Friday .
That was canceled when we were on the runway and was rescheduled for the next day .
We were diverted to the Dominican Republic and planned on arriving in Port - au - Prince on Saturday .
That Saturday morning slot also was canceled and postponed until the afternoon .
The airport had one runway and hundreds of planes trying to land .
But nobody was prioritizing the flights .
Once we finally landed , we were taken to the General Hospital in Port - au - Prince with our medical supplies .
We had been told that this hospital was up and running with two functioning operating rooms .
Once we arrived , we saw a severely damaged hospital with no running water and only limited electrical power , supplied by a generator .
Surgeries were being performed in the equivalent of a large storage closet , where amputations were performed with hacksaws .
This facility could not nearly accommodate our equipment nor our expertise to treat the volume of injuries we saw .
We quickly took our second option : Community Hospital of Haiti , about two miles away .
There , we found about 750 patients lying on the floor .
But the facility had running water , electricity and two functional operating rooms .
We found scores of patients with pus dripping out of open extremity fractures and crush injuries .
Some wounds were already ridden with maggots .
About a third of these victims were children .
The entire hospital smelled of infected , rotting limbs and death .
Later on , we would judge our surgical progress by the diminishment of the stench .
In our naïveté , we did n't expect that the two anesthesia machines would not work ; that there would be only one cautery available in the entire hospital to stop bleeding ; that an operating room sterilizer fit only instruments the size of a cigar box ; that there would be no sterile saline , no functioning fluoroscopy machine , no blood for transfusions , no ability to do lab work ; and the only local staff was a ragtag group of voluntary health providers who , like us , had made it there on their own .
As we got up and running and organized the patients for surgery , we told our contacts in the United States what we needed .
More supplies were loaded for a second trip .
Those included a battery - operated pulse lavage , a huge supply of sterile saline and the soft goods we needed desperately in the operating room .
The plane landed as planned Sunday night , and the new equipment was loaded onto a truck .
Then that truck , loaded with life - saving equipment , was hijacked somewhere between the airport and the hospital .
We had planned to run a marathon round - the - clock operation and leave at 11 p.m. Tuesday .
We worked for 60 - plus hours without stopping .
The plane that would take us home would bring with it not only a new medical staff , but also equipment that was nonexistent in the hospital , or even the country .
These pieces of equipment , two of each , were urgently needed : portable anesthesiology machines ; electrocautery machines to stop bleeding after amputations ; portable monitors for the recovery room ; autoclaves to sterilize equipment ; and a lot of orthopedic equipment , which we were quickly using up .
The other items were those that were on the previous flight and had been hijacked .
Officials at the Port - au - Prince airport canceled that plane 's 6 a.m.
Tuesday slot , and the plane never made it to us on time .
We had started to see daylight Monday night , having performed about 100 surgeries , which were mainly amputations , fixing broken limbs and soft tissue debridements .
Many of the patients were children and babies .
But on Tuesday morning , a huge number of new patients arrived .
The Haitians had heard we were trying to save limbs , and families were bringing their injured loved ones to us .
The hospital was forced to lock down , closing its gates to the angry and frustrated crowd outside .
On Tuesday morning , we saw that many of the patients we had operated on were becoming septic and would require additional surgeries .
We finished operating at noon Tuesday , our last surgery assisting an obstetrician on a Caesarean section and helping to resuscitate a newborn who was not breathing .
We decided the situation was untenable .
Our supplies were running out , our team was past exhaustion , safety was rapidly becoming a concern , and we had no firm plan to leave or resupply .
A hospital benefactor helped us get to the airport .
First , Jamaican soldiers with M - 16s escorted us out of the building as the crowd outside saw us abandoning the hospital .
We made it to the airport on the back of a pickup , got onto the tarmac , hailed a commercial plane that had carried cargo to Haiti and was returning to Montreal , Canada , and had a private jet pick us up from there .
We were unprepared for what we saw in Haiti -- the vast amount of human devastation , the complete lack of medical infrastructure , the lack of support from the Haitian medical community , the lack of organization on the ground .
No one was in charge .
We had the first hospital in the Port - au - Prince area with functioning operating rooms , yet no one came to the hospital to assess how we did it or offer help .
The fact that the military could not or would not protect the critical resupply medical equipment on Sunday , or allow the Tuesday flight to come in , is devastating and merits intense investigation .
There was no security at the hospital .
We needed a much higher level of security with strong and clear support of the military from the very beginning .
The lack of support for our operation by the United States is shocking and embarrassing and shows how woefully unprepared we are for the realities of disasters .
We came to understand that our isolated operation may work in a mission , but not in a disaster .
We first thought we would support those at the helm but soon realized we were almost the only early responders with the critical expertise and equipment to treat an orthopedic disaster such as this .
Still , nobody with a clear plan is in charge , and care is chaotic at best .
Doctors are coming into the country with no plan of what they are going to do , and nobody directing them how to do it .
Surgeons who expect to show up and operate will be mistaken .
Without a complement of support staff and supplies , they are of limited to no value .
We left feeling as if we abandoned these patients , the country and its people , and we feel terrible .
Our role back in New York is to expose the inadequacies of the system in the hopes of effecting change immediately .
Patients who are alive and still have their arms and legs remain in jeopardy unless an urgent response is implemented .
The quickest and most efficient way to really help now and support the medical staff on the ground is to assess needs , provide equipment and personnel in necessary quantities , and bring them safely and expeditiously into the country and to the hospital units caring for patients .
Upon our departure , we witnessed pallets of Cheerios and dry goods sitting on the tarmac helping nobody .
Yet our flight of critical medical equipment and personnel had been canceled , and the equipment that did get through was hijacked .
We implore an official organization to step up and take charge of the massive ongoing medical effort that will be necessary to care for the people of Haiti and their children .
And to do it now .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Drs. Dean Lorich , Soumitra Eachempati and David L. Helfet .
Thom 's interview
// Deadeye Video Magazine , October 1994 ;
// transcribed in RWS zine , 1996
:: huge thanks to nanakey for releasing that !
In early october 1994 , on the day that Radiohead played at the Oxford Mail Rwanda benefit show at the Old Gaol in Abingdon , Simon Gill interviewed Thom .
Sections of this were used in the first issue of Deadeye Video Magazine , where they were intercut with another interview with Jonny and some live footage .
A transcript was published in 1996 , in RWS fanzine by Paul Prentice .
Once upon a time , not so long ago , Simon Gill at deadeye Video interviewed Thom Yorke .
This is the full version of said chat , excerpts from which can be found underneath the carpet ...
No , sorry , in Deadeye Video magazine No.1
__________
— What myth would you most like to shatter about Radiohead ?
There 's one myth about me being an angry young man with no cause to be angry .
Whatever that means — a sulky little git .
I am a sulky little git whenever the press are around , because I hate the press , so I think that 's fair enough , therefore the myth is reinforced .
But that 's their problem .
they 're just like school bullies , are n't they , really ?
They decide on something and that 's it .
— You described your first album as flawed .
To what extent is The Bends a reaction to these flaws ?
Well , we were just really , really young when we did it .
We 'd hardly been playing as a band , never really been in a studio .
We 'd just signed to a huge label , were a bit freaked out and had n't done the gigs , basically .
We 'd like to be making records five or ten years from now , wether anyone buys them ...
Obviously they have to buy them otherwise we can't make them .
— You 've criticised ' compartmentalised pop . '
Do you think the fact that you strive not to be compartmentalised is the reason people in this country , and the music press , were slow to pick up on you ?
Maybe .
Maybe because we were crap to begin with , as well .
I do n't think that anymore , because they have to have something to write about , and if they do n't have the language in which to write it , and somewhere to put something , they can't write about ut .
I suppose it 's the nature of the business , but I still do n't understand why it has to happen .
I do n't understand why music can't be music , why there has to be all this other shit .
— We did someone once who said ' Music is lovely , it 's just The Business is horrible . '
Its not THAT horrible .
It is horrible , but it 's exactly the same as every other business , it 's just the people that work within it are the people that desperately want to get away from the fact that they have to deal with the business .
Does that make sense ?
Probably not !
— You were saying that you are complete control freaks .
Is there any ideology behind the control , guiding you ?
Yeah , there 's a lot of stuff wrapped up in it that I 'm realising now , the stuff I have a problem with in terms of the media , media in the loose sense of the term .
I think half the reason we ended up calling ourselves Radiohead was because we see a lot of people who just receive information and ther 's a huge gap between this recieving information and suddenly partaking in the creative process and , being a creative person , I 've always thought that there should e n't be any link , the two should just flow into each other , but they do n't because of the way the media is set up .
They 're on high and they condescend to tell you what 's new , and what to listen to , whereas I think the total opposite should be the case , that people should be exposed to as much as possible and then make their own choice and then it would get written about .
I think the thing that kills popular culture is that certain people with a lot of power , or cash , are able to tell people what to buy .
You can go in HMV or Our Price and you are told what to buy , you do n't have a choice .
Like , ten years ago , you could go into a record shop , probably not HMV or Our Price and go through the records , then go up to the counter and say " What 's this one like ? " and they 'd play you a track .
You know , you can actually have an active part in choosing your records .
Nowadays you do n't get that and we think that 's complete bullshit .
For some reason that 's what 's been going through my head in the past two or three weeks and I think , actually , that has quite a lot to do with what we 're on about .
Because on the one hand , we just make music , but we do n't just make music because we 've all been involved in other things .
Well , Colin worked in Our Price for a year and Ed , when he was at college , he was doing loads of promotions for bands and things , and I was DJing at college .
I just think it could be a lot better .
We 've a real work ethic , as Ed would put it , about what we do .
We work our nuts off because we see so many bands who do n't and we think ' Why ? '
You 're given this amazing oppurtunity to share what you 're doing and people just skin up and fall over and do n't do anything , which is fine sometimes , but we 're almost the exact opposite .
We 're highly stressed executives in a board meeting that has been up for three weeks drinking too much coffee .
that 's how we approach what we do .
— That was a very good answer .
It took a while , did n't it !
— To what extent is your song - writing therapy for you ?
Certain things I put in songs , because that 's the only place I can put them , and other things I put in songs and actually regreat that I 've done it , because it 's so personal that I can't look at it straight in the eye again .
So I think sometimes it 's too much like therapy , but everyone else tells me ' No , no , it 's great .
Wow !
It 's really upsetting , " and I 'm going " yeah , but it 's me !
Eeurgh ! "
— Do you think that 's one of the jobs of being a rock star , so that other people can live out their lives through you ?
I hope not !
Maybe —
I think everyone who 's creative is doing that anyway .
I think I 've always done it .
I 've always but certain things on the edge of my sleeve for people to pick at , because that 's what I 'm like .
It would en't matter if I was n't a creative person , I would still be doing that .
Ever since I was a kid , five or six , I was making models from lego , and exhibiting them on the television for people to say what they thought , say how wonderful they were , and I 've been doing it ever since and I suppose I kind of need it now .
I think of songs as therapy in the sense that I 've always had it to prop me up .
So I suppose they are therapy because I 've lived with them , and lived with the idea of being creative and expressing myself .
Without it I 'd be in the loony bin , definitely .
— Do you have strange dreams ?
I never remember my dreams , hardly at all , unfortunately
— It 's a shame .
Yeah , I know !
I think that if I was that intune with my dreams , then I would en't write the way I write .
I tend to use everyday objects and everyday things that happen , rather than anything desperately cosmic .
Because it 's the way I am , it does n't mean that the emotions behind choosing these things are any less relevant , it 's just I can't write about green people and fluffy clouds because , not only would it sound ridiulous if I said it , although certain people could get away with it , but also , it would en't make any sense to me .
— That 's what people like about your music , it actually appeals to them
I think it's to do with the fact that the songs I write and the words I use are quite commonplace , but the fact that I put them in a song is something people relate to .
i think that 's part of it , I 've always used common things , just picking up rubbish , people 's phrases and stuff on TV .
— It 's like those pop artists using photographs or something .
Yeah , it 's like photo - montage .
How pretentious !
Yes , really !
— Are you interested in visual arts ?
Well , I did a degree in it !
Polytechnic Southwest .
It was a combined course — English at Exeter University and Fine Art at Polytecnic Southwest .
I like the phrase ' fine art ' , because it 's so ridiculous .
— What is it that pushes you to adopt the posistion of an outsider ?
Is it because you 've never fitted in ?
No , it 's because the people inside are jerks .
— All these revivals are coming .
Is it to do with media under - exposure in the 60's ?
Yes , I think its really wierd that people our age who are in bands ...
You 're constantly up against the 60's , 70's and 80's , you 're bombarded by these things .
You 're not allowed to just say , " Well , we 're a band playing THIS music , and OK , it might have this reference and that reference — everything has references .
Why do we have to be mods ?
Why do we have to be any of those things ?
Woodstock was a classic example of a generation being told
" The 60's were great .
You 'd 've loved the 60's .
You were n't actually there , but now you 're walking around in the exact same clothes your parents wore , listening to exactly the same albums "
Do n't you think that 's just a little bit sad ?
Just a little bit ?
I think it is , but I still do it , but I think it 's sad .
It 's because people do n't have much money now , no spending power .
The spending power is with the over - thirty 's , tha's the bottom line , so our cultures fucked .
— Any interesting tour anecdotes ?
Like the bloke from Pavemnet who took loads of acid and used to run over band members and jump from planes ?
Well not many people we know take acid .
There are a few , but I think our anecdotes tend to be really boring .
I mean , every day in America is an anecdote .
— So , do you think you lead a rock 'n ' roll lifestle , then ?
I think it exists for certain people still .
They tend to be the ones still dressing up in their parents clothes and taking acid and thinking it 's really cool , I do n't know , it probably is really cool to take acid , but I do n't see why I have to be a part of it .
— What you were saying about clothes and music , do you think they 're redundant as forms of expression ?
Oh , no , not at all .
How could they possibly be ?
It 's alwyas been like that , has n't it ?
It 's funny now , because you walk down your high street , and everything is recycled so fast now , nowadays you can wear whatever — I think it 's really cool .
the clothes that people wear now are fucking great .
they 've never looked as good as they do now .
We do n't have that many people wearing flares !
I quite like flares actually .
Why am I saying that !
Every fashion has the ridiculous element , but it does n't make any sense , because everything is in your hands now .
everything is recycled so fast , it 's just going into a hole , which I think is great .
— How in touch with your feminine side ?
When I ask the question , do you see feminine as being the nice side of you ?
Yeah pretty much .
My Mum always wanted me to be a girl , although she wo n't admit it .
— Is there anything you want to say before the battery runs out ?
Er .. no !
I volunteer for a no- kill shelter , and when I started I was surprised to learn a few things .
First , ( in Chicago at least , but probably in other cities ) the city pound is required to hold onto strays for 5 days .
Owner relinquishments have no hold requirement .
Therefore , if you drop your dog or cat off at the pound and the pound is full of strays and there is n't room for your pet , it used to be that your pet would be put down within a few hours .
With the decrease in strays in the city ( mostly due to an increase in spaying / neutering ) , the rate at which animals are euthanized has been slowed and more of them have a chance to be rescued .
My particular shelter sends someone to the pound once a day to survey the animals who are waiting to be euthanized and select a certain number to bring back to our intake center ( and once they 're there , we only put animals down for severe health or severe behavior issues ) .
Other rescues — breed - specific rescues , foster networks , low - kill shelters — visit the pound and scoop up animals as well .
Some city pounds are also becomming more progressive about releasing certain abused animals to adopted homes .
In the past , abused animals were held as evidence in animal cruelty cases and after the case were usually euthanized .
I 've seen probably half a dozen cruelty cases come through the shelter , and all of them have been adopted .
Anyway , the point of this long post was that it 's horrible that so many pets are euthanized every year , but it 's getting better .
And adopt your next pet .
Even if you have your heart set on a purebred , shelters get purebred dogs all the time .
About This Content The Modern Warfare 2 Stimulus Package delivers additional action - packed multiplayer maps , including brand - new battlegrounds and legendary fan - favorites from Call of Duty 4 : Modern Warfare .
When purchased , this content will be automatically downloaded and incorporated into the game ; DLC will not be listed as a separate entry in your Steam Library .
To view the additional content , please do the following :
1 ) Log in to Steam
2 ) Navigate to your Library list
3 ) Right - click on the game
4 ) Select " View downloadable content " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The assassination of ex-Pakistani PM Benazir Bhutto in 2007 could have been prevented and the subsequent inquiry was bungled , according to a UN report .
It says insufficient security measures were taken by the government of then President Pervez Musharraf .
And it concludes that the police deliberately failed to investigate the murder properly as they feared intelligence agency involvement .
An aide to President Musharraf said the report was a " pack of lies " .
' Failed profoundly '
The independent UN commission of inquiry urges the authorities to launch a " credible , serious " investigation into Ms Bhutto 's death at a rally in the city of Rawalpindi " and bring those responsible to justice " .
Its report says that the pervasive presence of Pakistan 's powerful politicised intelligence agencies hampered the initial inquiry .
ANALYSIS Shoaib Hasan , BBC News , Islamabad
The contents of the Bhutto commission report have not come as great surprise to most people in Pakistan .
The top leaders of the ruling PPP party will be pleased with the inquiry 's conclusion that more thorough investigation needs to be conducted into the assasination .
But it is unlikely that any such exercise will take place in the near future .
The fact remains that the UN commission 's initial assertion that the inquiry into Ms Bhutto 's assassination was deliberately bungled by the police due to pressure from the country 's intelligence agencies is likely to be repeated .
This is in line with the general public opinion in Pakistan - that the real powers in the country do not want the whole truth to come out .
In the end , the controversy surrounding Ms Bhutto 's assassination is likely to continue .
" The commission believes that the failure of the police to investigate effectively Ms Bhutto 's assassination was deliberate , " the report says .
" These officials , in part fearing intelligence agencies ' involvement , were unsure of how vigorously they ought to pursue actions , which they knew , as professionals , they should have taken . "
The report criticises the intelligence agencies for conducting parallel investigations , gathering evidence which was only selectively shared with the police .
Speaking at a news conference at the UN in New York , the head of the commission , Heraldo Munoz , said : " A range of government officials failed profoundly in their efforts , first to protect Ms Bhutto and second to investigate with vigour all those responsible for her murder , not only in the execution of the attack but also in its conception , planning and financing . "
One of President Musharraf 's aides , Rashid Qureshi , told the BBC : " The report makes absurd statements .
The inquiry was not well conducted . "
He insisted that President Musharraf was not in charge of Pakistani security at the time of the assassination as he had already resigned as head of the army .
Ms Bhutto's Pakistan People 's Party ( PPP ) - led by her widower , current President Asif Ali Zardari - said it was satisfied with the inquiry .
Senior party leaders told the BBC that the findings were " exactly what they had been saying all along " .
And a presidential spokesman , Farhatullah Babar , said efforts to track down the perpetrators behind the assassination would be redoubled .
Publication delay
The commission was set up in July last year in response to a request from Pakistan .
Q&A : Benazir Bhutto inquiry Pakistan press urges action
The three - member panel was mandated to investigate the facts and circumstances of Bhutto 's death , not assign criminal responsibility .
Its report had been due to be published at the end of March but was delayed for two weeks at the request of President Zardari , who had called for the investigation .
The government said it wanted extra time to include input from Afghanistan , the US and Saudi Arabia , three countries that had apparently warned Ms Bhutto of a death threat .
President Musharraf has declared that the late head of the Pakistani Taliban , Baitullah Mehsud , organised the assassination .
Ms Bhutto herself had written that four suicide attack squads were after her , some linked to al - Qaeda .
But she also accused a group of senior politicians and intelligence officials of plotting to kill her , and many of her followers blame elements of the military establishment and President Musharraf 's government for her death .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
February 5 , 2010
" We shall regulate mechanically all the actions of the political life of our subjects by new laws . "
by Stephen Baskerville Ph.D.
( Abridged by Henry Makow )
Men accused of rape today
enjoy few safeguards .
" People can be charged with virtually no evidence , " says Boston former sex-crimes prosecutor Rikki Klieman .
" If a female comes in and says she was sexually assaulted , then on her word alone , with nothing else -- and I mean nothing else , no investigation -- the police will go out and arrest someone .
" Almost daily we see men released after decades in prison because DNA testing proves they were wrongly convicted .
Yet the rape industry is so powerful that proof of innocence is no protection .
" A defendant who can absolutely prove his innocence ... can nonetheless still be convicted , based solely on the word of the accuser , " write Stuart Taylor and K.C. Johnson in Until Proven Innocent .
In North Carolina , simply " naming the person accused " along with the time and place " will support a verdict of guilty .
" The feminist dogma that " women never lie " goes largely unchallenged .
" Any honest veteran sex assault investigator will tell you that rape is one of the most falsely reported crimes , " says Craig Silverman , a former Colorado prosecutor known for zealous prosecutions .
Purdue University sociologist Eugene Kanin found that " 41 % of the total disposed rape cases were officially declared false " during a nine - year period , " that is , by the complainant 's admission that no rape had occurred .
"
In the infamous Duke University lacrosse case , prosecutor Michael Nifong suppressed exculpating evidence and prosecuted men he knew to be innocent , according to Taylor and Johnson .
Nifong himself was eventually disbarred , but he had willing accomplices among assistant prosecutors , police , crime lab technicians , judges , the bar , and the media .
" Innocent men are arrested and even imprisoned as a result of bogus claims , " writes Linda Fairstein , former head of the sex - crimes unit for the Manhattan District Attorney , who estimates that half of all reports are unfounded .
Innocence projects are almost wholly occupied with rape cases ( though they try to disguise this fact ) .
Yet no systematic investigation has been undertaken by the media or civil libertarians into why so many innocent citizens are so easily incarcerated on fabricated allegations .
The exoneration of the Duke students on obviously trumped - up charges triggered few investigations -- and no official ones -- to determine how widespread such rigged justice is against those unable to garner media attention .
The world of rape accusations displays features similar to other feminist gender crimes : media invective against the accused , government - paid " victim advocates " to secure convictions , intimidation of anyone who defends the accused .
" Nobody dependent on the mainstream media for information about rape would have any idea how frequent false claims are , " write Taylor and Johnson .
" Most journalists simply ignore evidence contradicting the feminist line . "
What they observe of rape characterizes feminist justice generally : " calling a rape complainant ' the victim ' -- with no ' alleged ' . "
" Unnamed complainants are labeled ' victims ' even before legal proceedings determine that a crime has been committed , " according to CMR .
Rape hysteria , false accusations , and distorted scholarship are rampant on university campuses , which ostensibly exist to pursue truth .
" If a woman did falsely accuse a man of rape , " opines one " women 's studies " graduate , " she may have had reasons to .
Maybe she was n't raped , but he clearly violated her in some way .
" This mentality pervades feminist jurisprudence , precluding innocence by obliterating the distinction between crime and hurt feelings .
A Vassar College assistant dean believes false accusations foster men's education : " I think it ideally initiates a process of self - exploration ....
' If I did n't violate her , could I have ?
'" Conservative critics of the Duke fiasco avoided feminism 's role but instead emphasized race -- a minor feature of the case but a safer one to criticize .
Little evidence indicates that white people are being systematically incarcerated on fabricated accusations of non-existent crimes against blacks .
This is precisely what is happening to men , both white and black , accused of rape and other " gender " crimes that feminists have turned into a political agenda .
Like rape , domestic " violence " is defined so loosely that it need not be violent .
The U.S. Justice Department definition includes " extreme jealousy and possessiveness " and " name calling and constant criticizing .
" For such " crimes " men are jailed with no trial .
In fact , the very category of " domestic " violence was developed largely to circumvent due process requirements of conventional assault statutes .
Here , too , false accusations are rewarded .
" Women lie every day , " attests Ottawa Judge Dianne Nicholas .
" Every day women in court say , ' I made it up .
I 'm lying .
It did n't happen ' -- and they 're not charged .
" Amazingly , bar associations sponsor seminars instructing women how to fabricate accusations .
Thomas Kiernan , writing in the New Jersey Law Journal , expressed his astonishment at " the number of women attending the seminars who smugly -- indeed boastfully -- announced that they had already sworn out false or grossly exaggerated domestic violence complaints against their hapless husbands , and that the device worked ! "
He added , " The lawyer - lecturers invariably congratulated the self - confessed miscreants .
" Domestic violence has become " a backwater of tautological pseudo - theory , " write Donald Dutton and Kenneth Corvo in Aggression and Violent Behavior .
" No other area of established social welfare , criminal justice , public health , or behavioral intervention has such weak evidence in support of mandated practice .
" Scholars and practitioners have repeatedly documented how " allegations of abuse are now used for tactical advantage " in custody cases and " become part of the gamesmanship of divorce . "
Domestic abuse has become " an area of law mired in intellectual dishonesty and injustice , " according to the Rutgers Law Review .
Restraining orders removing men from their homes and children are summarily issued without any evidence .
Due process protections are so routinely ignored that , the New Jersey Law Journal reports , one judge told his colleagues , " Your job is not to become concerned about the constitutional rights of the man that you 're violating .
" Attorney David Heleniak calls New Jersey 's statute " a due process fiasco " in the Rutgers Law Review .
New Jersey court literature openly acknowledges that due process is ignored because it " perpetuates the cycle of power and control whereby the [ alleged ? ] perpetrator remains the one with the power and the [ alleged ? ] victim remains powerless . "
Omitting " alleged " is standard even in statutes , where , the Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly reports , " the mere allegation of domestic abuse ... may shift the burden of proof to the defendant .
" Special " integrated domestic violence courts " presume guilt and then , says New York 's openly feminist chief judge , " make batterers and abusers take responsibility for their actions . "
They can seize property , including homes , without the accused being convicted or even formally charged or present to defend himself .
Lawyer Walter
Fox describes these courts as " pre-fascist " : " Domestic violence courts ... are designed to get around the protections of the criminal code .
The burden of proof is reduced or removed , and there 's no presumption of innocence .
" Forced confessions are widespread .
Pennsylvania men are incarcerated unless they sign forms stating , " I have physically and emotionally battered my partner . "
The man must then describe the violence , even if he insists he committed none .
" I am responsible for the violence I used , " the forms declare .
" My behavior was not provoked .
" Equally feminist is the child - support machinery , whereby millions have their family finances plundered and their lives placed under penal supervision without having committed any legal infraction .
Once they have nothing left to loot , they too are incarcerated without trial .
Contrary to government propaganda ( and Common Law tradition ) , child support today has little to do with fathers abandoning their children , deserting their marriages , or even agreeing to a divorce .
It is automatically assessed on all non-custodial parents , even those involuntarily divorced without grounds ( " no - fault " ) .
It is an entitlement for all divorcing mothers , regardless of their actions , and coerced from fathers , regardless of their fidelity .
The " deadbeat dad " is far less likely to be a man who abandoned the offspring he callously sired than to be a loving father who has been , as attorney Jed Abraham writes in From Courtship to Courtroom , " forced to finance the filching of his own children .
" Federalized enforcement was rationalized to reimburse taxpayers for welfare .
Under feminist pressure , taxpayers instead subsidize middle - class divorce , through federal payments to states based on the amount of child support they collect .
By profiting off child support at federal taxpayer expense , state governments have a financial incentive to encourage as many single - mother homes as possible .
They , in turn , encourage divorce with a guaranteed , tax - free windfall to any divorcing mother .
While child support ( like divorce itself ) is awarded ostensibly without reference to " fault , " nonpayment brings swift and severe punishments ....
Assembly - line hearings can last 30 seconds to two minutes , during which parents are sentenced to months or years in prison .
Many receive no hearing but are accused in an " expedited judicial process " before a black - robed lawyer known as a " judge surrogate .
" Because these officials require no legislative confirmation , they are not accountable to citizens or their representatives .
Unlike true judges , they may lobby to create the same laws they adjudicate , violating the separation of powers .
Often they are political activists in robes .
One surrogate judge , reports the Telegraph of Hudson , New Hampshire , simultaneously worked " as a radical feminist lobbying on proposed legislation " dealing with child support .
Though governments sensationalize " roundups " of alleged " deadbeat dads , " who are jailed for months and even years without trial , no government information whatever is available on incarcerations .
is utterly silent on child - support incarcerations .
Rebecca May of the Center for Family Policy and Practice found " ample testimony by low - income non-custodial parents of spending time in jail for the nonpayment of child support . "
Yet she could find no documentation of their incarceration ... We know the arrests are extensive .
To relieve jail overcrowding in Georgia , a sheriff and judge proposed creating detention camps specifically for " deadbeat dads . "
The Pittsburgh City Planning Commission has considered a proposal " to convert a former chemical processing plant ... into a detention center " for " deadbeat dads .
" Other incarcerations are also attributable to feminism .
The vast preponderance of actual violent crime and substance abuse proceeds from single - parent homes and fatherless children more than any other factor , far surpassing race and poverty .
The explosion of single parenthood is usually and resignedly blamed on paternal abandonment , with the only remedy being ever - more draconian but ineffective child - support " crackdowns . "
Yet no evidence indicates that the proliferation of single - parent homes results from absconding fathers .
If instead we accept that single motherhood is precisely what feminists say it is -- the deliberate choice of their sexual revolution -- it is then apparent that sexual liberation lies behind not only these newfangled sexual crimes , but also the larger trend of actual crime and incarceration .
Feminism is driving both the criminalization of the innocent and the criminality of the guilty .
We will continue to fight a losing battle against crime , incarceration , and expansive government power until we confront the sexual ideology that is driving not only family breakdown and the ensuing social anomie , but the criminalization of the male population .
Ever -more - repressive penal measures will only further erode freedom .
Under a leftist regime , conservatives must rethink their approach to crime and punishment and their unwitting collusion with America 's homegrown Stalinists .
Stephen Baskerville is associate professor of government at Patrick Henry College and author of Taken Into Custody : The War Against Fathers , Marriage , and the Family .
----
Feminist defector Erin Pizzy on Feminism
Part 1 : http://www.youtube.com/watch?
v=D3Vux-_9yRY
Part 2 : http://www.youtube.com/watch?
v=MxiWqRFfg6w
LOS ANGELES — A former barber was sentenced Wednesday to life in prison for murdering a mentally ill homeless man by splashing him with gasoline and setting him ablaze to settle a grudge .
Ben Matthew Martin , 31 , pleaded guilty last month to the 2008 murder of John McGraham .
The attack horrified the central Los Angeles neighborhood where McGraham had lived on a sidewalk for years , befriending many residents .
Martin , a slightly built , bespectacled man with a shaved head , sat with his head bowed during the sentencing hearing , where several of McGraham 's family members and friends spoke emotionally about the victim and the way he died .
" I only wish Ben had some compassion for John , " McGraham 's younger sister Susanne McGraham - Paisley said through tears .
" He must have seen him as a filthy heap of a bum who deserved not to live .
( John ) was good , kind and thoughtful .
He never hurt anybody . "
Supporters displayed a large photo of a younger McGraham .
Several wore " Justice for John " T - shirts .
McGraham - Paisley said she had been taking her children to visit her brother on the street since they were toddlers to teach them not to be ashamed of their uncle and to have compassion .
She said Martin had been fired from a neighborhood barber shop after harassing McGraham on the street .
Several months later , Martin sought revenge with a can of gasoline and a road flare .
People rushed to aid McGraham as he was engulfed in flames , but it was too late .
" I have wondered so many times what was going through my brother 's mind , " said McGraham - Paisley , who runs a legal services business .
" I was told he lifted his hand in some kind of acceptance of what was to come . "
She told The Associated Press that Martin was obsessed with cleanliness and was surprised people condemned him for killing a homeless man .
" From his warped point of view , he thought he was cleaning out the neighborhood , " she said .
Her brother David McGraham choked up as he spoke in the courtroom .
" This whole thing is so terribly tragic , " he said .
" If ( Martin ) could 've seen that deep down they shared the same humanity . "
McGraham - Paisley said she did not hate Martin but viewed him as another type of victim .
Martin 's mother had tried to help her son with his emotional turmoil , but he had refused assistance -- just like her brother , McGraham - Paisley said .
Still , McGraham - Paisley was gratified that Martin would pay for his crime for the rest of his life and not be free to harm others .
She said she consoles herself with the thought that her brother did not die in vain .
" I think there are a lot of people who as a result of this crime take a different look at the homeless , " she said .
© Copyright 2010 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
German electro - punks Atari Teenage Riot had something of a zeitgeist moment in the mid-90s by blurring hardcore punk , jungle , noise , and bloodcurdling screaming , turning all that stuff into a hyperspeed mush that basically forced you ( well , me ) to stop doing your homework and run around your bedroom screaming , " Deutschland !
Has gotta !
Dieeeee ! "
The one time I saw them live , they exited the stage to a wall of white noise so loud it made my stomach hurt .
They were something to behold .
Atari Teenage Riot were signed to the Beastie Boys ' Grand Royal label and toured with the likes of Beck , Rage Against the Machine , and the Wu - Tang Clan .
The group has been effectively disbanded since founding member Carl Crack died of a drug overdose in 2001 .
But NME reports that the group will reunite , with founders Alec Empire and Hanin Elias joined by late - 90s member Nic Endo and new recruit CX Kidtronik , who has worked with Saul Williams .
According to Alec Empire 's website , Atari Teenage Riot have several tour dates lined up for Europe this summer .
NME reports that on May 17 , they 'll release the new single " Reactivate " on their own Digital Hardcore label .
It may very well have some screaming on it .
We all have our emotional hot and cold spots .
If you asked me about the New York Mets , you ’d see a glow in my eyes .
If you asked me about banking reform , words might come out of my mouth , but you ’d notice me nodding off midsentence .
For the Democrats , expanding health care coverage is an emotional hot spot .
Over the past year , Democrats have fought passionately for universal coverage .
They have fought for it even while the country is more concerned about the economy , and in the face of serial political defeats .
They have fought for it even though it has crowded out other items on their agenda and may even cost them their majority in the House .
And they ’ve done it for almost no votes .
The 30 million who would be covered under the Democratic proposals are not big voters , while the millions who would pay for the coverage are strikingly unhappy .
There is something morally impressive in the Democrats ’ passion on this issue .
At the same time , it ’s interesting to compare it to their behavior on other issues in which they have no emotional investment .
( NaturalNews ) A team from Warwick Medical School in the U.K. has found that people who maintain healthy vitamin D levels are 43 percent less likely to get heart disease or diabetes .
After evaluating 28 different studies conducted on nearly 100,000 people , researchers concluded that people who eat oily fish two or three times a week and five servings of fruits and vegetables a day are able to achieve healthy levels of vitamin D. While the team evaluated only natural sources of vitamin D , including from sunlight exposure and consumption of oily fish like tuna , salmon , and mackerel , it is probable that supplementation with natural vitamin D3 would prove to have the same effect .
Published in the journal , the study revealed that high levels of vitamin D reduce the risk of developing cardiovascular disease by 33 percent , metabolic syndrome by 51 percent , and type - 2 diabetes by an astounding 55 percent .
According to Dr. Johanna Parker , one of the study authors , sunlight exposure is the best way to get vitamin D. " People should expose themselves for 30 minutes twice a week  this means exposing the face and arms with no sunscreen .
This would provide the body with adequate vitamin D , " she explained .
Some experts recommend getting sunlight exposure every single day , especially in the summer when the sun delivers the most ultraviolet ( UV ) rays which produce vitamin D in the skin .
Twenty minutes of sunlight exposure on a summer day can produce a healthy 20,000 IU of vitamin D in the skin , delivering optimal protection from all kinds of diseases .
Last summer , a study published inalso found that vitamin D helps to prevent diabetes and can even help those who already have the disease .
" Vitamin D has widespread benefits for our health and certain chronic diseases in particular , " said Sue Penckofer , Ph.D. , R.N. , and co-author of that study .
It appears that people who have diabetes are generally low in vitamin D , which is also the case with many other diseases .
Since vitamin D - deficiency and serious illness are so closely related , many medical professionals are advising people to have their levels checked to be sure they fall within a healthy range .
More often than not , people who are acutely ill are deficient in the necessary vitamin .
If one is deficient in the vitamin , it is best to get more sunlight exposure , eat foods with vitamin D , and supplement with vitamin D3 in order to achieve optimal levels .
Sources for this story include :
There 's no delicate way to put this : at least part of Apple 's patent lawsuit against HTC appears to be a proxy fight for a larger issue with Android as a whole .
Apple 's complaint with the International Trade Commission makes an explicit distinction between HTC's Android devices and its WinMo phones ( referred only to as " DSP Products " ) , and the Android sets are repeatedly called out for infringing certain patents .
We do n't know exactly what Apple 's issue is yet -- the problem could be the specific way HTC implements Android , rather than Android itself -- but it 's certainly a big shot across Google 's bow .
We 'll keep reading and let you know what else we find out .
We 've gone through each of the patents in both lawsuits and we 're more convinced than ever that this lawsuit is really about Android , not HTC .
Check here for the full rundown .
World representation
The elementary unit of this Proof of Concept is the Entity object .
Basically a sprite which has a position , a speed , a spin and is capable of updaing itself update ( ) and also render itself render ( ) .
By default an Entity can only display one image but is subtyped to AnimatedEntity to perform animation ( Note : I used an array of Texture to store all frame in an animation , I read later in GPU Gems Programming that you can use a 3D texture , this is much more clever ) .
In order to handle group of Entities easily ( and also to improve collision detection but we 'll talk about it later ) I decided to go for the most intuitive design : A Layer pattern .
Prototyp has seven layer :
static public Layer background = new Layer ( ) ; static public Layer bullets = new Layer ( ) ; static public Layer enemies = new Layer ( ) ; static public Layer bonus = new Layer ( ) ; static public Layer fx = new Layer ( ) ; static public Layer frontground = new Layer ( ) ; static public Layer text = new Layer ( ) ;
The layer approach is very handy for several reasons :
It is perfect to implement a " back to front " or " front to back " renderer .
In our case we want to go with the Painter algorithm .
It makes collision detection fast ( ex : Enemies bullets again your ship only )
You can update or render a entire set of Entities with only calling update ( ) or render ( ) on this Layer .
Every visible Entity belong to a Layer .
As a layer is capable of rendering itself on the screen or to update itself , it is considered a high level Entity and you can start thinking " big " .
Note that although it was very convenient to perform distortion and fading effect , I would not use these static variables again but a Layer Manager instead .
It would make the entire thing much more " engine " like .
Move the world !
The main method of this Prototyp is trivial .
It can summarized as the following :
Make the engine 's heart beat : Timer.tick ( ) .
.
Update the world 's state according to the tick and user input .
Render the world 's state via openGL .
public void run ( ) {
init ( ) ; while ( gameOn ) { Timer.tick ( ) ; getEntries ( ) ; updateEntities ( ) ; checkCollisons ( ) ; render ( ) ; Display.update( ) ; } }
As you can see , it 's only one thread , and one loop .
Very Zen , just as I like it .
More on the Timer
Timer is a new concept I came across exploring Game Programming .
In order to make our soft run consistently over machines with different speeds and different GPUs , you do n't update an entity position on a " each frame " basis but rather on a " time elapsed since last rendition " basis .
This technique allows the game to run at the same speed on every machine , the difference being only the frame rate and by extension the animation quality .
You have to express every speed in term of pixel / milliseconds ( if your Timer return tick in millisecond unit ) .
Updating your Entities state is called interpolation , it is based on your object 's last position and it's speed .
So even though our Entity jumps from one position to an other , if the frame rate is high ( > 30 ) it will appear very smooth !
If you check out the method of the abstract class Entity.update ( ) , you will find interpolate ( ) :
protected Vector2f interpolate ( Vector2f old_position , Vector2f speed ) { old_position .x = old_position .x + tick * speed.x ; old_position.y = old_position.y + tick * speed.y ; return old_position ; }
It 's not being too strong to say the Timer is the heart of your game , it 's the metronome and it rules over time ... and movement .
How to make a Pause in your game ?
Just stop calling Timer.tick ( ) , overwrite it ( or even better , call Timer.pause ( ) ;) ) : Everything will stop moving .
The later is actually the way it is implemented in " Prototyp " .
Collision detection
As we want to push this engine and animate 10000 + sprites , we need to perform collision detection fast .
Again , something really simple is to use rectangles in order to represent the boundary area of an Entity .
We do n't need to be extremely accurate regarding detection collision :
It 's a shooter , everything is going very fast and except for the player 's own ship , he wo n't really pay attention to a few inaccuracies .
It detects non-collision very fast :
In the best case , only one comparison is enough .
And collisions do n't happen so often .
So we have a an algorithm which will run in optimal condition most of the time .
public static boolean boxBoxOverlap ( Entity entityA , Entity entityB ) { if( entityA.position.x+entityA.width<entityB.position.x ) return false ; if( entityA.position.x>entityB.position.x+entityB.width ) return false ; if( entityA.position.y+entityA.height<entityB.position.y ) return false ; if ( entityA.position.y>entityB.position.y+entityB.height ) return false ; return true ; }
OpenGL's corner
There are very few things to do if you want to use openGL as a 2D Shoot ' Em Up sprite renderer .
The best thing to do is to remove the perspective ( the thing that makes object further appear smaller ) , and use an orthogonal projection .
Here is a snippet how do to so :
GL11.glMatrixMode ( GL11.GL_PROJECTION ) ; GL11.glLoadIdentity ( ) ; GLU.gluOrtho2D(-(int)screenWidth/2,(int)screenWidth/2,(int )-screenHeight/2,(int)screenHeight/2 ) ;
And that 's it , you are set to draw your GL_QUADS ( rectangle ) .
As we have many objects to render and we do so in sequence there is two roads you can choose :
Use the GL11.glLoadIdentity ( ) before drawing each Entity .
before drawing each Entity .
Use the combination of GL11.glPushMatrix ( ) and GL11.glPopMatrix ( ) respectively before and after drawing each Entity .
I used to prefer the " fire and forget " GL11.glLoadIdentity ( ) but it 's very inefficient and if you want to go 3D eventually , it 's better to make good habit right away : GL11.glPushMatrix ( ) and GL11.glPopMatrix ( ) .
Lightning
Although we normally draw texture using the blending function GL11.glBlendFunc( GL11.GL_SRC_ALPHA,GL11.GL_ONE_MINUS_SRC_ALPHA ) , it 's sometimes pretty cool to use an other type of composition .
Especially for light effects , use GL11.glBlendFunc( GL11.GL_SRC_ALPHA , GL11.GL_ONE ) will allow texture overlapping each other to look brighter , simulating light intensity very convincingly .
The more you blend the texture in the same area , the brighter effect you will get .
You can see on the right an example : An OrbBeam cast by the Lightning Orb ( The beam points are calculated using Bézier curve ) .
Distortion effect
When you charge your orb or your main weapon , the background gets distorded :
This distortion effect is achieved in two steps :
Copying the entiere screen to a texture , this is done using the openGL method : GL11.glCopyTexSubImage2D , see Example in Prototyp.saveScreen ( )
, see Example in Prototyp.saveScreen ()
Blending a part of the saved screen ( using it like a texture ) against the current screen ; Using 4 GL_QUADS and stretching a bit here and compressing there
User inputs
LWJGL includes a method to check if a key is pressed or not : Keyboard.isKeyDown( key ) .
It was not hard to write a little KeyListener in order to trigger events such as onKeyDown ( ) , onKeyUp ( ) or keyPressed ( ) .
KeyListener is then when used as an Anonymous Class .
Here is an example from PlayerShip the class controlling the player :
KeyListener fire2KeyEvent = new KeyListener ( ) { public void keyPressed ( ) { if ( orb != null ) orb.setMove( Orb.ADJUDTING ) ; } ; public void onKeyUp ( ) { if ( orb != null ) orb.setMove( Orb.STICKED ) ; } ; } ; EventManager.instance().addListener( fire2Key , fire2KeyEvent ) ;
An to finish we make sure events are pooled from the EventManager singleton with the method : EventManager.instance().checkEvents ( ) .
Manual
Funny Bugs
Other sreenshots
Original c++ Prototyp
Here is the original c++ source code from X - Out : GitHub link .
I unrotted the source code in 2013 .
@
British law firm ' conspired ' to hide $ 50bn debts of Wall St giant
A top British law firm helped stricken banking giant Lehman Brothers hide its debts in the run-up to the bank 's collapse , a report said yesterday .
Linklaters , one of the City's ' magic circle ' law practices , signed off questionable accounting techniques to disguise $ 50 billion ( £ 36 billion ) debts .
The 2,200 - page report , published yesterday in America , found that Linklaters allowed ' balance sheet manipulation ' while investors remained in the dark as to what was going on .
Accused : Protestors hold signs behind Richard Fuld , former chairman of Lehman Brothers , as he takes his seat to testify at a Congressional hearing in 2008
Crucially , Lehman had turned to the UK after it failed to find an American law firm who would sign off the activities , the report said .
Linklaters advised Lehman that the accounting practice was allowed under English law .
' REPO 105 ' : ACCOUNTING GIMMICK THAT MADE THE BANK LOOK HEALTHY
Lehman was dependent on raising hundreds of billions of dollars of short - term finance every day just to survive .
This cash was raised on so - called ' repo ' markets where assets can be swapped for short - term loans .
Because money raised in this way has to be repaid within days , the assets are not deemed to have left the banks ' balance sheets .
However , under the terms of ' repo 105 ' Lehman could report a reduction in assets if it exchanged those assets for funds at a conversion rate of 105 to 100 .
Put simply , assets with a value of $ 105 would be swapped for loans at a value of $ 100 , meaning that $ 105 of assets could be removed from the balance sheet when reporting group financial results .
The report was produced by U.S lawyer Anton Valukas , who was appointed by a judge to investigate the collapse of Lehman Brothers in September 2008 .
It was the largest bankruptcy in American history and triggered a panic which brought the global economy to its knees .
The domino effect resulted in the state bail - out of UK banks RBS and HBOS .
The disclosure that one of the country 's largest and respected law firms was involved in controversial accounting practices will be an embarrassment to the City .
Mr Valukas found that Lehman had been insolvent for weeks before it filed for bankruptcy .
Executives had used a complicated transaction that enabled them to remove liabilities from Lehman 's balance sheet for a short time , when results were due , and hide the true level of its debts .
It was approved by Linklaters and signed off by the bank 's auditors Ernst & Young .
The report found that Lehman used this transaction ' to create a materially misleading picture of the firm 's financial condition in late 2007 and 2008 ' .
The Valukas report said : ' Unable to find a United States law firm that would provide it with an opinion letter permitting the true sale accounting treatment under United States law , Lehman conducted its ... programme under the aegis of an opinion letter the Linklaters law firm in London wrote ... under English law . '
There is no suggestion that Linklaters did anything illegal under English law .
The firm said last night : ' The U.S. Examiner 's report into the failure of Lehman Brothers includes references to English Law opinions which Linklaters gave in relation to a number of Lehman transactions .
' The Examiner - who did not contact the firm during his investigations - does not criticise those opinions or say or suggest that they were wrong or improper .
We have reviewed the opinions and are not aware of any facts or circumstances which would justify any criticism . '
Mr Valukas found no evidence of extensive wrongdoing at Lehman , but said there were grounds for negligence and breach of duty actions against chief executive Dick Fuld and some colleagues .
He also found that Barclays , which bought a large chunk of Lehman 's U.S. business after it filed for bankruptcy , received some assets it was not entitled to , including office equipment , but they were worth less than £ 6.6 million .
By Gabriel Gatehouse
BBC News , Baghdad
This man was in the jail and says he was tortured by his captors Prisoners held for months without charge in a secret jail in Baghdad were subjected to horrific torture over a period of months - including electric shocks and rape , claims suggest .
A British citizen , who is still in detention , is among the men making the allegations .
The BBC has spoken to former prisoners who back up the picture of systematic abuse at the detention centre detailed in a new report by the US - based pressure group , Human Rights Watch .
The secret detention facility at Muthana airbase is now closed .
The corridors and cells in the converted military barracks stand empty .
But it is believed that , until earlier this month , more than 400 prisoners - including a man with dual British - Iraqi citizenship - suffered months of the most excruciating torture .
" It started when they put plastic bags over our heads to suffocate us , " one man told the BBC .
" Then they tortured us with electric shocks after pouring water over our bodies . "
He had been held at Muthana since September last year , but was released after existence of the detention centre came to light last month .
British detainee
The man does not want to reveal his identity for fear of retribution , but he is one of a number of people spoken to by the BBC whose stories of terrifying abuse are almost identical to accounts given to Human Rights Watch by former inmates of Muthana now in detention elsewhere .
I can assure you that this is not institutionalised
Saad Yousif al - Mouttalebi
Prospective Iraqi MP
" Some of us were sodomised , with sticks or sometimes steel pipes and they applied electric shocks to our genitals .
They told us if we did not confess they would bring our mothers and sisters and rape them in front of us . "
More than 300 of these detainees have now been moved to a different prison in Baghdad , where they say the torture has stopped and their treatment is relatively benign .
Among those is a 68 - year - old British - Iraqi national who says he travelled to Iraq late last year in search of his son .
He told Human Rights Watch he was arrested in December 2009 , and held at Muthana , where he claims to have suffered torture .
He is in a wheelchair and told the human rights group he was diabetic and in need of medical attention .
Endemic abuse ?
The British embassy in Baghdad said it was aware of a British - Iraqi national being held in Baghdad , and that he had received visits from embassy staff who were providing him with consular assistance .
It seems that this was a standard practice that was used by the interrogators to get information
Samer Muscati
Human Rights Watch
The Iraqi government has strongly denied any suggestion that it operates secret detention facilities , or that abuse in the country 's prisons is endemic .
" I can assure you that this is not institutionalised , " says Saad Yousif al - Mouttalebi , a prospective member of parliament for the Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki 's State of Law coalition .
" There are individual acts of cruelty to inmates .
Some have been reported .
This is a matter that we do not tolerate at any level whatsoever . "
But Human Rights
Watch says the abuse suffered at Muthana was " routine and systematic " .
" It seems that this was a standard practice that was used by the interrogators to get information , " says Samer Muscati , a researcher for Human Rights Watch .
' Same stories '
Earlier this week he spoke to more than 40 former inmates of the Muthana detention centre .
Human rights groups say treatment in other prisons is ' hardly great '
" We have interviewed other prisoners in different facilities , people who were held by the British and by the Americans .
Although treatment of people in detention facilities in Iraq is n't great , this really did stand out for us .
" The fact that everyone we looked at had these marks in the same places , and had the same stories - it seems to be part of a pattern . "
Mr Muscati says that the prisoners were effectively dealt with outside the law .
" It was a secret prison because people in the government did n't know it existed , family members had no idea where their loved ones were , and these detainees did n't have access to any legal recourse , and judicial process . "
Nearly all the prisoners were arrested late last year in and around the city of Mosul in northern Iraq , a predominantly Sunni Muslim region where al - Qaeda and other insurgent activity has been strong .
Human Rights
Watch says that during their interrogations , the detainees were accused of aiding and abetting terrorism , and forced to sign confessions - but none was officially charged .
Under Saddam Hussein , Iraq 's prisons were notorious for their brutal torture chambers .
Today , it seems , the abuse may be continuing , seven years after his fall from power .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Novel Adventures : Games with Predefined Endings
In February ’s issue of Dungeon ( #173 ) , Craig A. Campbell has created a three - encounter delve called Haruuc ’s Tomb : A Novel Adventure based on events from Don Bassingthwaite ’s fantastic Eberron novel , Word of Traitors .
As a big fan of Eberron and a huge fan of this book I was very concerned about how this adventure would turn out .
But before I get into the good and bad of Campbell ’s undertaking I have a questions for all the players .
Have you ever played an adventure that was inspired from a D&D novel ?
The last time I had this unfortunate experience was way back when AD&D 2nd edition was released .
In order to explain the rule changes between AD&D and AD&D 2nd edition in the Forgotten Realms , the world experienced the Time of Troubles .
The Avatar trilogy gave us three decent novels ( Shadowdale , Tantris and Waterdeep ) that saw the gods fall from the heavens and walk the realms as mortals .
When the gods returned to the heavens things changes ( and we got AD&D 2nd edition ) .
The novels were pretty good , but the adventures based on these books were horrible .
If you want to see examples of how not to structure a D&D adventure , these are prime candidates .
The problem was n’t with the encounters themselves ; some were a lot of fun to play .
The problem was the railroading .
In order for the story to unfold as required the PCs had to do certain things a certain way at a certain time .
Whenever the PCs decided to do something differently or accidentally screwed something up ( like killing an important NPC or villain ) the DM needed to do some pretty quick improvising .
The way most DMs avoid this scenario from happening is to railroad the PCs .
As soon as they start to act off - script the DM quickly blocks their path and forces their hand .
But after reading Campbell ’s article on the Wizards website I realize that they found a great way to solve this problem .
They did n’t try to recreate the novel as a full adventure .
In stead they took one very specific encounter and treated it as a side quest .
It represents only a few chapters from the book and not the entire book itself .
“ Haruuc ’s Tomb ” is a D&D encounter for five 7th - 8th level characters .
It is an adaptation of events from the Eberron novel Word of Traitors .
You can run this as a one - shot encounter or weave it into your campaign as part of a longer adventure .
In the accompanying article Haruuc ’s Tomb : From Book to Game , Campbell walks us through his creative process .
He explains how and why he set the encounters up the way he did .
He gives us details about the monsters and villains and shares his process for creating their powers .
He has kept very true to the encounter as it appears in the novel , but he ’s altered it enough that it does n’t seem out of place on its own .
And this is why it works .
Regardless of what the PCs do or how they choose to handle each encounter , their campaign is not the story told in the Legacy of Dhakaan trilogy .
So the DM does n’t need to worry about forcing the PCs to take certain actions .
The PCs are free to do whatever they feel is appropriate .
If they want to kill an opponent or just capture them , it wo n’t make any difference .
Even though each of these outcomes would have a very different impact on the rest of the story from the novel .
In this case it simply does n’t matter .
As an avid fan of the D&D novels I applaud Wizards for creating this kind of delve adventure .
I hope this is the first of what will become a regular series .
It also serves as an advertisement for the books themselves .
Players and DMs who may not have read Word of Traitors may enjoy the delve enough to pick up the novel .
My only real criticism about this article is that I do n’t see any mention of including Don Bassingthwaite in the creative process .
He did write the book and probably has some strong ideas about how his NPC would look as actual D&D characters .
If he was consulted it would have been nice to give him a shout out .
If he was n’t consulted then I think Wizards missed an opportunity to use the author as a resource .
To get a better idea of the story that inspired this delve , be sure to check out our Word of Traitors Review and our three - part interview with the author , Don Bassingthwaite ( Part 1 | Part 2 | Part 3 ) .
Have you played adventures based on novels or other stories that had a predefined ending ?
Did you find yourself being railroaded often ?
If you were the DM how did you keep the party on track ?
What do you think of this new three - encounter delve approach to tapping the novels ?
Are you any more or less likely to use this in your campaign because it was inspired from a D&D novel ?
Are you excited about the possibility of more Novel Adventures ?
Looking for instant updates ?
Subscribe to the Dungeon ’s Master feed !
Pin 10 10 Shares
I 'd like to suggest that a dictionary publisher consider placing a photo of San Leandro resident Hazel Soares in its next updated edition , right next to the definition of the word " perseverance . "
She has earned it .
Soares , now 94 , has been married twice , raised six kids , seen two economic depressions , 15 U.S. presidents and two world wars .
She 's been a working single mother , a nurse , a concert event organizer and an art lover .
She has more than 40 grandchildren .
And next month , at the 2010 commencement ceremonies for Mills College , Soares will become a college graduate , 78 years after her high school graduation from then - Roosevelt High School in East Oakland .
In 1982 , she was one of five classmates who showed up for a 50 - year reunion .
" She 's always had a book in her hand , or off to the opera or the symphony or the ballet - anything that stimulates the mind , " said son Matt Soares , 59 , of Springfield , Ore .
Soares just might qualify as the second - oldest student in the world to ever earn a college degree .
According to the Guinness Book of World Records , Nola Ochs , 95 , is the oldest person to ever graduate from college .
Ochs graduated with a history degree from Fort Hays State University in Fort Hays , Kan. , in 2007 .
And what could also be a record of sorts , Soares paid for her education at Mills with benefits provided by her late husband Ellsworth Soares ' GI benefits - from World War II .
But setting records is n't what motivated Soares to renew her lifelong quest for education when she enrolled at Chabot Community College in the mid-1980s .
" I 've always had a basic curiosity about how to do things , whether it's a ( cooking ) recipe or identifying pieces of art in historical context , " she said .
Born in Richmond on June 21 , 1915 , Soares traces her interest in art history back to age 11 and the impression made on her the first time she saw Michelangelo 's " David " in the Book of Knowledge , a precursor to the World Book Encyclopedia series .
In 1996 , at age 80 , she traveled to Florence , Italy , to see the sculpture for herself .
She is a member and patron of the Asian , Modern and De Young museums in San Francisco and the Oakland Museum of California .
Soares settled on an art history major when she enrolled at Mills College in 2007 , but there was one big academic hurdle she had to overcome to reach her goal : math .
Because she could not prove successful completion of high school algebra , she was required to successfully complete an upper - division math class before she could move on - and it was a bear .
" It was 2000 before I got that diploma - and I worked like heck to get that thing , " she said .
At Mills , many of her classes were electives and she settled right into the twice - weekly class schedule and campus life - for the next five years .
And when it comes to the campus social cliques , Soares said she has found closer friends among the faculty than most of her classmates have .
Soares used libraries as her primary source of information while a daughter living in Pennsylvania provided her with computer research support .
And if anyone even considers the notion that Soares plans to rest on her academic laurels after graduation next month , forget about it .
The first thing she is going to do is resume the daily swimming routines she began at the age of 65 .
Then she plans to start looking for a job where she can use the skills and knowledge she acquired at the prestigious , private women 's undergraduate college .
" I 'd like to be a docent in a museum , " Soares said .
" I have the endurance and I would totally put my heart into it , " she said .
" I 've put in my time and I do have the background for this kind of work , you know . "
And if a prospective employer has concerns about attendance or getting to and from work , it 's not a problem .
Soares still drives and she is as healthy as a horse .
She takes no prescription medicine .
" I go to the doctor about once every three years to make sure I 'm OK , and my doctor says he does n't know what makes me tick , " she said .
" He just congratulates me . "
It may also be appropriate for House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , the keynote speaker at the Mill 's commencement ceremonies , to issue a personal congratulation .
Like I said , she 's earned it .
This column has been corrected from the version that appeared in The Chronicle
A set of push–pull ynamides with up to four conjugated triple bonds has been synthesized and the molecular properties of these new carbon rods have been characterised showing effective intramolecular charge transfers and high values for the change of the electrical dipole moment after transition from the ground to the Franck –Condon excited state .
In Taiwan , there are more cellphones than people .
About 7 % of all mobile data goes to movie information .
And Google owns nearly 100 % of the mobile search market .
These , and more fun facts in this handy infographic !
[ DataViz via ChartPorn ]
Advertisement
Jay - Z accepts the favorite male hip hop artist award at the 2009 American Music Awards in Los Angeles , California November 22 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Mario Anzuoni
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Hip - hop mogul Jay - Z and his business partner sued Boston Red Sox baseball player David Ortiz on Thursday for naming a Dominican Republic nightclub after their chain of 40/40 Club sports bar lounges .
Jay -Z and Juan Perez own 40/40 Clubs in New York City , Atlantic City and Las Vegas and have plans to open further venues in Tokyo and Macau .
They have accused Ortiz of trading on the fame , value and goodwill of their name through his club Forty / Forty and its website , www.fortyforty.net, which they say has caused their business “ marketplace confusion and damage , ” the lawsuit said .
“ David Ortiz is fully aware of plaintiff ’s Manhattan 40/40 Club , since he had been a patron there on several occasions long before he opened his infringing Forty / Forty Club , ” said the lawsuit filed in Manhattan federal court .
Ortiz had no immediate comment on the lawsuit .
The following sliced fruits shots tutorial is by photographer and artist William van der Steen .
The tutorial will take you step by step toward creating an image similar to that wonderful sliced up banana .
here we go
Selecting Raw Material
The first thing is to select an object to work with .
Any fruit or vegetable can work here , as long as it can be cut in a relatively clean way .
Hard fruits and vegetables are the easiest to use .
After I decided what kind of fruit or vegetable I ’m going to use , I ’m going to think about how this object is sliced the best way , some fruit is very soft and that does n’t give you complete freedom on how to slice it .
Working Towards The Final Image
We need a way to make the fruit pieces seem like they fly in mid air .
Most of the times I use toothpicks to hold the parts together .
Later , those will be removed in editing .
The best way to place the fruit and toothpicks in space is to imagine what it would look like when the toothpicks are removed .
The next step is to carefully add the toothpicks , first to balance the fruit , then to add all the flying bits & pieces .
Some fruits and vegetables look best when they are wet .
If you so desire , you can spray some water to make them look fresher .
Lighting
There are a few ways to light such a scene .
I use a light tent to get some good diffused light .
Actually , the tent is a simple cardboard box with holes and sketching paper on the sides and paper on the back .
Building one is a quick and fun project .
In the setup that I use I have two halogen lights to light the tent .
While the tent itself provides some diffusion , I bounce the light on the back and ceiling to get even more diffused light .
Try to place your object in a way that you do n’t have to remove too much shadow from your toothpicks .
Shadows are always hard to clone ( remove ) in photoshop especially when they have a soft border .
Post
Once I have a good image to work with , I ’ll do some editing o Photoshop .
Aside some basic levels and color correction I need to remove the toothpicks .
This is done by cloning close by object .
If you ’ve never done this thing before , there is a great and funny cloning tutorial here .
Just to get some creative juices flowing , here are some of my sliced fruit images along with the magic - removed images .
( Hover for before / after images )
At last months UFC Fight Night 21 event , Nate Quarry lost by TKO to fellow middleweight veteran Jorge Rivera .
What was n’t clear immediately after the event was just how bad the facial injuries sustained by Quarry during the fight were .
Speaking on his facebook account , Quarry reveals that , “ As I get up off the mat at the end of the first round you can see the whole left side of my face sag .
Multiple fractures . ”
For 99.9 % of the population that would be the signal to wave the white flag and get to a hospital asap .
Quarry had other plans however .
“ In my corner Stitch is trying to stop the blood , he tells me my nose is broken .
Sorry Stitch , my nose may be broken but it would n’t bleed like that .
My septum is broken and is pouring blood into my nasal passages and throats .
And a thought went across my mind , “ they should stop the fight .
I ’m broken . ” That thought seemed to cloud my mind for hours .
In reality I ’d be surprised if it lasted more than a quarter of a second .
Then another thought prevailed .
“ You came here to fight and I ’ll be damned if I ’m gonna end a fight on my stool in my corner . ”
And I went out with all the fire I could muster .
And I did what I always do , leave it all in the cage . ”
Unfortunately that meant taking more punishment in the second round , though mercifully the referee stepped in to end the fight fairly quickly .
In addition to a broken nose and toe , Quarry had suffered between three and four fractures in his face which resulted in him requiring 13 screws to be inserted to hold it all together .
All of this sounds bad enough on paper , but it really gets brought home to you when you see the pictures of his face pre-surgery .
He does n’t even look like the same person !
Nate Quarry Pre-Surgery :
—
—
It ’s evident to see that Quarry has quite literally been through the wars , and we wish him a speedy recovery .
Reporting from Ratsat , Dogo Nahawa , Nigeria , and Lagos , Nigeria --
The victims of Sunday ’s sectarian massacres were buried in mass graves in central Nigeria on Monday as survivors told horrific stories of Christian villagers being trapped in nets and hacked to death by Muslim herdsmen .
Reports on the death toll differed wildly , with some placing it at about 200 and others reporting 528 killed and thousands injured .
Casualty figures in the recurrent Muslim - Christian violence in Nigeria ’s volatile Plateau state are often difficult to ascertain , as each side inflates its losses .
However , attacks in January and on Sunday have left at least 500 dead , making it the worst violence here for some years .
Hundreds of nomadic Fulani herdsmen launched coordinated attacks on three Christian villages -- Dogo Nahawa , Ratsat and Zot , just south of Jos -- about 3 a.m. Sunday .
The killers planted nets and animal traps outside the huts of the villagers , mainly peasant farmers , fired weapons in the air , then attacked with machetes , according to human rights lawyer Shehu Sani of the nongovernment Civil Rights Congress , who visited the villages and interviewed dozens of survivors .
“ People came out of their houses and started falling into the animal traps and mosquito nets and then they were hacked down , ” he said .
“ They were the kind of traps used for wild animals . ”
Plateau state , which lies on the divide between the mainly Muslim north and largely Christian south , has seen thousands killed in the last decade .
Fulani herdsmen have accused a group of indigenous Christians , the Berom , of attacking their camp last month , killing four people and stealing about 200 cattle .
Violence in the region , which appears unrelated to ongoing national sectarian political tensions , has ethnic as well as religious overtones .
Many clashes have involved rampaging mobs of the indigenous Christians and of Muslim settlers , the Hausa , who started moving into the area early last century .
The Muslim Fulani herdsmen , who move through the area with their cattle , are less often involved .
This year ’s attacks have had a more sinister pattern :
They are carefully planned and brutal , with hundreds of villagers killed -- including babies , the elderly and anyone else unable to flee .
“ Even the kind of violence is unusual , because it was not physical confrontations between Muslims and Christians .
It was an ambush , ” said Sani , the rights lawyer .
“ The attackers killed whoever they caught .
It was mostly women who stayed behind to defend their children that became most of the victims . ”
One survivor , Sylvanis Mathias , said the attack was well planned .
“ They fired in the air , scared people out of their houses and then attacked them with machetes as they tried to escape , and then burned their bodies .
They set the houses ablaze .
More than half of the houses have been burned . ”
The villages of Ratsat and Dogo Nahawa were eerily silent Monday .
Houses lay in ashes and the streets were deserted .
Survivors loaded bodies on trucks for the mass burial in Dogo Nahawa .
During the burial , many survivors wept and some pounced on a local Muslim journalist , Murtala Sani Hashim , witnesses said .
Police fired shots to disperse the crowds and rescued Hashim , who , according to witnesses , was punched , kicked and nearly pushed into the mass grave .
Police said that dozens of suspects had been arrested in connection with the massacre , but Sani cast doubt on whether the right people were apprehended .
“ Arrests were made , but these were not even at the scene of the crime .
They were just people arrested by police to save face and say they were doing their job , ” he said .
Suspects arrested after such violence have rarely been convicted , with lack of adequate evidence often cited .
robyn.dixon@latimes.com
Abubakar is a special correspondent .
The Pizza Hut outlet in Brassall and ( inset ) the sign posted on its door .
The Pizza Hut outlet in Brassall and ( inset ) the sign posted on its door .
Rob Williams
A COCKROACH found in a pizza base has prompted an Ipswich Pizza Hut outlet to close its doors .
Brand owners Yum !
Restaurants International closed the franchised store on Tuesday after a customer found a dead cockroach baked into the base of their pizza on Saturday night .
Ipswich City Council health inspectors visited the store at Brassall Shopping Centre on Tuesday before Yum !
voluntarily closed its doors .
A hand written note posted on the inside of the front door says the store is “ closed due to maintenance ” .
Ipswich City Council Health and Regulation Committee chairman Andrew Antoniolli said the pizza , including the cockroach , was collected by council officers on Monday .
He said the council administered the state ’s Food Act on behalf of the Queensland Government .
“ A customer contacted council out of hours and we followed up the complaint on Sunday and earlier this week .
The source of the contamination on the pizza was later collected and confirmed to be a cockroach , ” Cr Antoniolli said .
“ The store imposed a voluntary shutdown in order to address the contamination and also do a full clean up of the store .
“ The extent of the problem was not such that council was required to shut the store down .
The incident required immediate action , rather than a shutdown .
“ We received full assistance from the management of the store .
Pizza
Hut has moved promptly and effectively and we applaud them for their quick response . ”
Pizza
Hut general manager of operations Paula Nelson confirmed that a “ foreign object ” had been found in a pizza .
She said council officers made a series of recommendations to the store but did not issue a fine .
“ At Pizza Hut , food safety is our number one priority and we impress that upon all our franchisees , ” she said in a statement .
“ The recommendations from the Ipswich City Council represent a disappointing lapse by this store in its adherence to our processes .
“ The outlet has been closed and we are working closely with the franchisee to ensure that the store meets both the council ’s recommendations as well as our own high standards .
“ This incident has served to reinforce Pizza Hut ’s commitment to continued improvement and to ensure that incidents such as this can be prevented from happening again . ”
Cr Antoniolli said the store could reopen at any time .
“ Because the closure is voluntary Pizza Hut is free to open again , ” he said .
“ Council will be issuing a formal improvement notice and failure to maintain the conditions of that notice can be very , very costly . ”
Our recent article , “ 20 Things You Will Need To Survive When The Economy Collapses And The Next Great Depression Begins “ , has drawn some intense criticism from those who believe that the U.S. economy is so strong that it could never completely and totally collapse .
In fact , this blog is being accused of officially going off the deep end .
Why ?
It ’s not because we are pointing out that the economy is bad .
After all , according to a recent Pew Research national poll , 88 percent of Americans rate national economic conditions as only fair or poor .
No , rather it is because we are projecting the eventual complete and total collapse of the U.S. economy .
There still seems to be a belief among a large number of Americans “ that things are never going to get THAT bad ” .
But they are going to get that bad .
It ’s just that most people do not realize it yet .
But while times are still good ( and what we are experiencing now is rip- roaring prosperity compared to what is coming ) , large numbers of people are going to continue to live in denial .
In fact , those who try to warn people about what is coming are going to be accused of “ fear - mongering ” .
One recent commenter even accused us of totally going off the deep end like many of the Y2 K alarmists did … .
—-
“ Ok – you ’ve officially fallen off the deep end .
This blog went from legitimate economic concerns to grand fear mongering .
This is the same as Y2 K all over again .
I have friends who still have bunkers and thousands of dollars of expired canned food and you ’re suggesting they go do it again … ”
—-
First of all , it was completely and totally obvious that Y2 K was going to be a non-event to anyone with a bit of common sense .
There was simply no way that a “ computer glitch ” that was foreseeable years ahead of time was going to cause the collapse of society .
What is happening with the U.S. economy now is completely different .
We have built an entire economic system on ever - increasing amounts of debt and paper money , and anyone with half a brain should be able to see that such a system is not sustainable in the long - term .
The collapse of the economy is inevitable due to the way that it was constructed .
As for having “ thousands of dollars of expired canned food ” , that would not be a problem if you rotated the food that you have stored .
You eat the old stuff first and you replace it with new food that you have purchased .
But the commenter above was not the only one to accuse us of trying to scare people ….
—-
“ How does the economic collapse lead to a complete halt to all economic activity ?
More people may be poorer , but they will still have some money to motivate others to produce for a market .
The natural disaster scenario seems more plausible for this type of warning .
More and more foreclosures do n’t .
This posting is a bit much for me , seems just some much scaremongering . ”
—-
The commenter is right about one thing – a few bad economic statistics are not enough to run out and start preparing for the collapse of society .
After all , the American economy has always recovered no matter what happened before .
If we made it through the Great Depression , we can make it through this , right ?
Well , the truth is that there are some fundamental differences between what is happening now and what happened during the Great Depression .
During the Great Depression , most Americans were not up to their eyeballs in credit card debt , car payments , student loans and mortgage debt .
During the Great Depression , most Americans either owned their land or had a great deal of equity in their land .
As we wrote about recently , today that is not the case .
Equity as a percentage of home value in the United States has been hitting all - time record lows .
During the Great Depression , most Americans were not dependent on giant corporations to feed and supply us .
Back then , the majority of Americans knew how to live off the land and grew at least some of their own food .
Today that is most definitely not the case .
During the Great Depression , America still had the greatest manufacturing base in the entire world .
Today we have “ offshored ” our once great manufacturing base , and we have become a fat , spoiled society that consumes everything in sight but manufactures very little .
During the Great Depression , America did not have a colossal trade deficit .
Today we have got the biggest trade deficit in the history of the world .
During the Great Depression , the wealth of Americans was not being sucked dry by dozens of different kinds of taxes .
Today we are being taxed in so many various ways that many Americans actually end up spending over half their incomes just in taxes .
During the Great Depression , the U.S. government had debt , but it was not threatening to collapse the entire global economy .
Today the U.S. government has piled up the biggest mountain of debt in the history of the world .
During the Great Depression , derivatives were not even an issue .
Today , we have created a derivatives bubble that is now well beyond a quadrillion dollars .
Just think about that .
Over 1,000,000,000,000,000 dollars .
Counting at one dollar per second , it would take 32 million years to count to one quadrillion .
In fact , renowned investor Warren Buffett has warned that derivatives are “ financial weapons of mass destruction ” that could bring down the entire world economic system .
And he is right .
When derivatives collapse , there is not enough money in the world to fix the mess that will be created .
All of the governments in the world working together would not be able to print money fast enough to even make a dent in the colossal wave of red ink that would be created .
The truth is that the U.S. economy ( and the world economy for that matter ) is teetering on top of a giant pyramid of debt and paper that is on the verge of coming down like a house of cards .
But if you do not want to believe this blog , perhaps you will listen to some of the top financial experts in the world who are also warning that a complete and total economic collapse is coming .
For example , Gerald Celente , the CEO of Trends Research Institute , is forecasting that we are going to see a devastating economic collapse by the year 2012 .
It would be easy to dismiss him , except for the fact that he has a sterling track record of forecasts going back 3 decades , and he has appeared on almost all of the major news networks who have no problem relying on him as a source .
What Celente says is on the way for America is absolutely bone chilling ….
But if you do n’t want to listen to Celente , perhaps you will listen to Peter Schiff , the president of Euro Pacific Capital .
He accurately predicted the recent financial crisis , and he is also forecasting that a depression is on the way .
Schiff is convinced that we need to allow the current “ Ponzi economy ” to collapse so that something more substantial can arise from the ashes… .
Jim Rogers is another financial expert that is forecasting a major economic collapse .
Jim Rogers was a co-founder of the Quantum Fund , and is a college professor , author , economic commentator , and creator of the Rogers International Commodities Index .
He says that civil unrest is on the way and that now is a good time to take up farming if you want to make it through what is coming ….
The truth is that the vast majority of Americans have no idea just how vulnerable the U.S. economic system is .
A new Gallup poll has found that 44 percent of Americans believe that they could barely go a month before experiencing severe economic hardship if they lost their jobs .
How long could you go if you suddenly lost your job ?
Right now the U.S. economy is being kept afloat by unprecedented U.S. government intervention and spending , but we all know that the U.S. government cannot keep spending money like it is water forever without very serious economic consequences .
To give you an idea of how desperate things have become , just check out the following graphic about the U.S. national debt that was featured in the Chicago Tribune … .
Anyone who believes that such a tidal wave of red ink is sustainable please raise your hand .
The truth is that the U.S. economy is caught in a death spiral .
Already there are some areas of the United States that are literally dying .
For those who do not believe this fact , the following is a challenge for you … .
Head down to Detroit and buy one of those houses that are on sale for less than a thousand dollars ( in fact there have even been reports of some houses selling for a single dollar in Detroit ) , and try to live there for a month .
You will quickly learn what it is like to live in an area that is literally dying economically .
When people are hungry and they ca n’t get jobs they get desperate .
So far this year in Detroit , car thefts are up 83 % , robberies are up 50 % , burglaries are up 20 % and property destruction is up 42 % .
What is happening in Detroit is a preview of what is soon going to happen all over America .
So doubt it all you want , but all the doubting in the world is not going to stop what is coming .
The U.S. economy is dying so you better start getting ready .
UPDATE : A judge threw the refiled lawsuit out in December 2010 , with Hasselbeck 's attorney saying the court ruled that her book was based on personal experiences and not another author 's idea .
___________________________
Elisabeth Hasselbeck 's nemesis is a real gluten for punishment .
Barely two weeks after losing her first bid for wheat - eschewing supremacy , Living With Celiac Disease author Susan Hassett has filed a second lawsuit against the View host over her more breezily titled tome The G - Free Diet : A Gluten - Free Survival Guide .
Hassett maintains that her first copyright - infringement suit was dismissed on a technicality , and that this time , she has included plenty of evidence to prove that Hasselbeck ripped off her " scrupulously researched " book , which she self - published in early 2008 .
She filed complaint No. 2 today in U.S. District Court in Massachusetts .
Hasselbeck has called the accusation of plagiarism " baseless , " and we doubt she 'll take kindly to Hassett 's latest allegation , that the info in Hasselbeck 's book is " misleading and dangerous " to Celiac Disease sufferers .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The masterminds behind a double suicide bombing on the Moscow Metro will be " destroyed " , Russian leaders have said .
The attacks , in the morning rush hour , killed at least 38 people and injured more than 60 , officials say .
No group has said it carried out the attacks , but security services have blamed rebels from the North Caucasus - which includes Chechnya and Ingushetia .
President Dmitry Medvedev laid a wreath at the scene of one of the attacks , labelling the plotters " beasts " .
He said : " We will find and destroy them all . "
US President Barack Obama called President Medvedev to " personally convey " his condolences , adding that the US was ready to co-operate with Russia to help bring to justice those responsible for the blasts .
MOSCOW METRO ATTACKS March 2010 : Two suicide bombers blow themselves up at Lubyanka station and Park Kultury station , killing 35 people August 2004 : Suicide bomber blows herself up outside Rizhskaya station , killing 10 February 2004 : Suicide bombing on Zamoskvoretskaya line , linking main airports , kills 40 August 2000 : Bomb in pedestrian tunnel leading to Tverskaya station kills 13 February 2000 : Blast injures 20 inside Belorusskaya station January 1998 :
Three injured by blast at Tretyakovskaya station June 1996 : Bomb on the Serpukhovskaya line kills four
Russia unprepared for carnage
In pictures : Aftermath of attacks Profile : Moscow Metro A Chechen link to bombs ?
Foreign ministers from the G8 group of leading industrial nations also condemned the attacks at the start of talks on global security in Canada .
Canadian Foreign Minister Lawrence Cannon said G8 members would " continue to collaborate to thwart and constrain terrorists " .
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin had also earlier vowed to hunt down those responsible , saying : " Terrorists will be destroyed . "
He described the attacks , believed to have been carried out by female bombers , as " heinous " .
The Moscow city government declared Tuesday would be a day of mourning .
Past suicide bombings in Moscow have been carried out by - or blamed on - Islamist rebels fighting for independence from Russia in Chechnya .
A Chechen rebel leader recently promised to bring the war to Russia 's cities , months after Mr Medvedev declared an end to Moscow 's " anti-terrorism operations " in the mainly Muslim republic .
More than 100,000 people have been killed in 15 years of conflict in Chechnya , and low - level insurgencies continue there and in the neighbouring republics of Ingushetia and Dagestan .
' City is a mess '
The first explosion tore through a carriage of a train at central Lubyanka station at 0756 ( 0356 GMT ) as it stood waiting for commuters to board .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The station lies beneath the headquarters of the Federal Security Service ( FSB ) .
" I was moving up on the escalator when I heard a loud bang , a blast , " an eyewitness named Alexei told Rossiya 24 TV channel .
" People started running , panicking , falling on each other . "
The second explosion , six stops away at Park Kultury , came at 0838 ( 0438 GMT ) .
It hit the back of the train as people were getting on board .
" I smelled burning plastic and heard cries of ' let the wounded through , ' " Alevtina Rogatova , a 23 - year - old student who was on the train at Park Kultury , told the Associated Press news agency .
The security services said the bomb that went off at Lubyanka station had an equivalent force of up to 4kg of TNT , while the bomb at Park Kultury was equivalent to 1.5 - 2 kg of TNT .
The devices - believed to have been made with the powerful explosive hexogen , also known as RDX - were filled with chipped iron rods and screws for shrapnel .
' Terrorist ' claims
The city 's Metro is one of the busiest underground railways in the world , carrying about 5.5 million passengers a day .
The system was partially disrupted following the attacks , but damage to the stations was minimal and both had reportedly reopened by the evening rush hour .
FSB chief Alexander Bortnikov said its investigators believed the attacks had been carried out by " terrorist groups related to the North Caucasus " .
" Fragments of the bodies of two female suicide bombers were found earlier at the scene of the incident and examinations show that these individuals came from the North Caucasus region , " he said .
The co-ordinated attacks were the deadliest in Moscow since February 2004 , when 40 people were killed by a bomb on a packed metro train as it approached the Paveletskaya station .
Six months later , a suicide bomber blew herself up outside another station , killing 10 people .
Both attacks were blamed on rebels from Chechnya .
Are you in Moscow ?
Did you witness what happened ?
You can send pictures and video to yourpics@bbc.co.uk , text them to +44 7725 100 100 or you have a large file you can click here to upload .
Click here to see terms and conditions
At no time should you endanger yourself or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
please cum all over my pics and post them so i can see your handy work !!!
Read More
A Best - Case Scenario
SuperSpeed USB ( also known as USB 3.0 ) brings 5 Gb/s transfer rates to the world of portable devices .
That level of performance even appears to compete with established storage standards like SATA , but it ’s going to take a while for developers of USB hardware to catch up .
With proven performance and storage - specific features , such as native command queuing ( NCQ ) , controller - based RAID support , and TRIM for SSD drives , eSATA is set to remain the standard for fixed external devices over the next few years .
However , portable storage solutions usually do n’t need those features , as hot plug and removal are often easier to manage without them , and the USB connector even provides enough amperage to power most pocket - sized devices , while larger storage alternatives and eSATA both require a separate power supply .
Today , most USB devices can’t even maximize the 60 MB/s limit of USB 2.0 .
But some of those devices do n't need to go any faster than that .
Portable mass storage is where we can reap the benefits of a faster interface , as it can take several minutes to transfer something as small as a movie file using USB 2.0 .
Notebook hard drives have already broken through the 100 MB/s barrier , and USB - 2.0 - to -SATA bridges have remained stuck at less than 40 MB/s. SSD drives are up to three times faster still , and even the left - over unit from your recent notebook upgrade is probably 50 % to 100 % faster than any USB 2.0 enclosure you can find for it .
Given that USB 2.0 is unsuitable for our high - capacity portable storage needs , we tracked down several pocket - sized USB 3.0 enclosures to put a few of our own 2.5 ” drives to better use , unfettered by the bottleneck imposed by last - generation 's peripheral bus .
Once again we get confirmation that Chris Dodd is nothing but a paid manservant for his Federal Reserve masters , in addition to being a lame duck , whose last days in office are meant to do everything to allow the old - school Wall Street ways of endless secrecy and Fed bailouts to continue in perpetuity .
As Ryan Grim points out " Alan Grayson and co-author Rep. Ron Paul passed legislation through the House that would allow the Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) to audit the Federal Reserve and , after a delay , release the information to Congress .
It was a remarkable victory , with a populist coalition beating back the combined lobbying efforts of the Treasury Department , the Fed and Wall Street banks .
The Senate has been more hostile territory for the Fed audit provision .
Banking Committee Chairman Chris Dodd ( D - Conn. ) opposes the Grayson - Paul version , but allowed a much more restrictive audit proposal from Sen. Jeff Merkley ( D - Oregon ) into his bill . "
Why and how Dodd believes he can stand against this critical issue , that over 80 % of America supports by demanding Fed transparency , is beyond any rational attempts at explanation .
How he hopes to get away with it is even more mindboggling .
From the Huffington Post :
The Wall Street reform bill headed for a test vote on the Senate floor Monday night will allow the Federal Reserve to continue to pump trillions of dollars into major banks largely in secrecy , the co-author of House language that would open the central bank to an audit charged in a memo to the Senate .
" The Senate has a provision in its reform bill that purports to audit the Fed .
But , it really does n't do anything of the sort .
I 'm going to run down the details for you , and reprint the legislative language so you can read it yourself , " writes Rep. Alan Grayson ( D - Fla . ) .
Grayson 's summary of the bill 's shortcomings , presented below , indicate that the " Seante bill would allow an audit of the TALF program and slightly expands authority to audit emergency lending conducted under section 13 ( 3 ) of the Federal Reserve Act , but restricts it to very specific purposes .
Meanwhile , it would not allow the GAO to look into the Fed 's massive purchase of toxic assets , its hundreds of billions in foreign currency swaps with other central banks or its open market operations , among other restrictions . "
Jeff Merkley , whose language was used instead of the passed Grayson - Paul version , has this to say :
" I appreciate Representative Grayson 's concerns over accountability at the Federal Reserve .
I have been a strong proponent of Fed reform and voted against the re-confirmation of Ben Bernanke because the Fed has been so lax in using its regulatory powers .
Moreover , I felt strongly that we need to act now to empower the GAO to audit the extraordinary emergency programs created by the Fed and I succeeded in getting that power into the Senate bill .
Rep. Grayson points out , fairly in my mind , that we need to go even further to audit the Fed 's standing programs .
I agree .
While we need to protect the Fed 's independence to implement monetary policy , I think the structure and use of their standard programs should be transparent . "
There can be no compromise on this issue .
Congress and America have spoken .
If Dodd believes he can usurp the democratic process in this most critical of issues , which allows the entity in charge of money printing with practically the same liberties as it had when it bailed out in full secrecy every bank in the US and threw countless generations of working - class Americans in a debt - induced coma , it is one thing .
If he manages to get away with , it either shows that the degree of apathy demonstrated by US citizens is indicative that nothing can save this country , or that any pretense of democracy in America has been trampled in our accelerating conversion to an autocratic state .
Grayson 's memo which confirms just how useless Dodd 's " Fed audit " provisions are :
Sometimes , you just know that you 've struck a nerve .
I knew it early last year , when a clip of my questioning the Inspector General of the Federal Reserve over the Fed 's balance sheet became the most viewed Congressional hearing in YouTube history .
The Fed had lent out around $ 1 trillion , and I wanted to know what happened to the people 's money .
So did the people .
They were angry at the Fed , and they showed it .
And because of that righteous anger , the financial reform bill in the House contains a provision to audit the Federal Reserve fully .
If it passes the Senate , we will finally know to whom the Fed lent our money , how much , and what little we got in return .
So it 's up to the Senate .
The Senate has a provision in its reform bill that purports to audit the Fed .
But , it really does n't do anything of the sort .
I 'm going to run down the details for you , and reprint the legislative language so you can read it yourself .
But the story is simple ; if the House version of a Fed audit passes , we will finally know to whom the Fed lent our money .
If the Senate version passes , the Fed can continue to make sweetheart loans to whomever it wants , without telling Congress or the public .
The way Congress oversees complicated government agencies is through the Congressional audit arm , the Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) .
The GAO does the actual auditing , and gives that information to Congress , which then holds hearings and makes policy .
The House bill grants the GAO the authority to audit the Fed , and then releases that information to Congress with a six - month delay , to prevent traders from gaming the system .
The Senate version only allows the GAO to audit a certain part of the Federal Reserve , its emergency lending facilities .
The GAO already has some of that authority .
Amazingly , the Senate version forces the GAO to withhold this information from the public , and Congress , for as long as the Federal Reserve chooses .
The details , and the specific legislative language , are below .
Limited Audit Authority
What the Senate bill allows :
- The Senate language slightly expands existing authority to the GAO to audit only the emergency lending authority in section 13 ( 3 ) of the Federal Reserve Act , but only for specific purposes .
- The Senate language would grant the GAO authority to audit the TALF program .
What the bill does NOT allow :
- The Senate language does not allow audits of the mortgage backed security purchase program , a $ 1.25 trillion program that at this point comprises the bulk of the Fed 's balance sheet .
This program includes Freddie and Fannie backed debt .
- The Senate language does not allow audits of possible losses on foreign currency swap lines , of which there were more than $ 500 billion at the height of the crisis .
This includes unlimited credit lines granted to central banks all over the world , solely through at the discretion of Federal Reserve and without the input of any elected official or the State Department .
- The Senate language does not allow audits of open market operations , where there is ample room for errors , market manipulation , and insider trading violations .
- The Senate language does not allow audits of possible losses on securities acquired through non-section 13 ( 3 ) facilities .
This includes looking for possible losses , seigniorage , political conflicts and costs to the Treasury .
Federal Reserve Secrecy
- In the Senate version , all audits must remain redacted .
The GAO can't even tell Congress to whom the Fed is lending money , the amounts it is lending , or any details about collateral or assets held in connection with any credit facility .
- The GAO can never release a full version of any audit unless the Federal Reserve first chooses to shut down the audited credit facility .
- Once the Federal Reserve shuts down the authority for the credit facility , the GAO still has to wait a year before it can release details about that facility .
If the Fed simply chooses to stop making loans , but does not eliminate the authority to make loans , the GAO has to wait three years before it can release a full report .
The Fed can at any point during this period choose to restart the facility , and thereby prevent the release of a full report .
See for yourself .
The legislative language in the Senate draft is here .
Sec. 714 . Audit of Financial Institutions Examination Council ,
Federal Reserve Board , Federal Reserve banks , Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation , and Office of Comptroller of the Currency
(a) In this section , " agency " means the Financial Institutions Examination Council , the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System ( in this section referred to as the `Board ' ) , Federal Reserve Banks , the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation , the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency , and the Office of Thrift Supervision .
( b) Under regulations of the Comptroller General , the Comptroller General shall audit an agency , but may carry out an onsite examination of an open insured bank or bank holding company only if the appropriate agency has consented in writing .
Audits of the Board and Federal reserve banks may not include -
( 1 ) transactions for or with a foreign central bank , government of a foreign country , or non-private international financing organization ;
( 2 ) deliberations , decisions , or actions on monetary policy matters , including discount window operations , reserves of member banks , securities credit , interest on deposits , and open market operations ;
( 3 ) transactions made under the direction of the Federal Open Market Committee ; or
( 4 ) a part of a discussion or communication among or between members of the Board and officers and employees of the Federal Reserve System related to clauses ( 1 ) - ( 3 ) of this subsection .
( c ) (1 ) Except as provided in this subsection , an officer or employee of the Government Accountability Office may not disclose information identifying an open bank , an open bank holding company , or a customer of an open or closed bank or bank holding company .
The Comptroller General may disclose information related to the affairs of a closed bank or closed bank holding company identifying a customer of the closed bank or closed bank holding company only if the Comptroller General believes the customer had a controlling influence in the management of the closed bank or closed bank holding company or was related to or affiliated with a person or group having a controlling influence .
(2) An officer or employee of the Office may discuss a customer , bank , or bank holding company with an official of an agency and may report an apparent criminal violation to an appropriate law enforcement authority of the United States Government or a State .
(3) Except as provided under paragraph ( 4 ) , an officer or employee of the Government Accountability Office may not disclose to any person outside the Government Accountability Office information obtained in audits or examinations conducted under subsection ( e ) and maintained as confidential by the Board or the Federal Reserve banks .
(4) This subsection shall not --
( A ) authorize an officer or employee of an agency to withhold information from any committee or subcommittee of jurisdiction of Congress , or any member of such committee or subcommittee ; or
( B ) limit any disclosure by the Government Accountability Office to any committee or subcommittee of jurisdiction of Congress , or any member of such committee or subcommittee .
( d ) (1 ) To carry out this section , all records and property of or used by an agency , including samples of reports of examinations of a bank or bank holding company the Comptroller General considers statistically meaningful and workpapers and correspondence related to the reports shall be made available to the Comptroller General .
The Comptroller General shall have access to the officers , employees , contractors , and other agents and representatives of an agency and any entity established by an agency at any reasonable time as the Comptroller General may request .
The Comptroller General may make and retain copies of such books , accounts , and other records as the Comptroller General determines appropriate .
The Comptroller General shall give an agency a current list of officers and employees to whom , with proper identification , records and property may be made available , and who may make notes or copies necessary to carry out an audit .
(2) The Comptroller General shall prevent unauthorized access to Records , copies of any Record , or property of or used by an agency that the Comptroller General obtains during an audit .
( 3) ( A ) For purposes of conducting audits and examinations under subsection ( e ) , the Comptroller General shall have access , upon request , to any information , data , schedules , books , accounts , financial records , reports , files , electronic communications , or other papers , things or property belonging to or in use by --
" ( i ) any entity established by any action taken by the Board described under subsection ( e ) ;
" ( ii ) any entity receiving assistance from any action taken by the Board described under subsection ( e ) , to the extent that the access and request relates to that assistance ; and
( iii ) the officers , directors , employees , independent public accountants , financial advisors and any and all representatives of any entity described under clause ( i ) or ( ii ) ; to the extent that the access and request relates to that assistance ;
(B) The Comptroller General shall have access as provided under subparagraph ( A ) at such time as the Comptroller General may request .
(C) Each contract , term sheet , or other agreement between the Board or any Federal reserve bank ( or any entity established by the Board or any Federal reserve bank ) and an entity receiving assistance from any action taken by the Board described under subsection ( e ) shall provide for access by the Comptroller General in accordance with this paragraph .
(e) Notwithstanding subsection ( b ) , the Comptroller General may conduct audits , including onsite examinations when the Comptroller General determines such audits and examinations are appropriate , of any action taken by the Board under the third undesignated paragraph of section 13 of the Federal Reserve Act ( 12 U.S.C. 343 ) ; with respect to a single and specific partnership or corporation . '
( f) REVIEWS OF CREDIT FACILITIES OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM .--
(1) DEFINITION .--
In this subsection , the term ' credit facility ' means any utility , facility , or program authorized by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System under the third undesignated paragraph of section 13 of the Federal Reserve Act ( 12 U.S.C. 343 ) , including any special purpose vehicle or other entity established by or on behalf of the Board of Governors or a Federal reserve bank , that is not subject to audit under subsection ( e ) , including --
( A ) the Asset - Backed Commercial Paper Money Market Mutual Fund Liquidity Facility ;
( B ) the Term Asset - Backed Securities Loan Facility ;
( C ) the Primary Dealer Credit Facility ;
( D ) the Commercial Paper Funding Facility ; and
( E ) the Term Securities Lending Facility .
(2) AUTHORITY FOR REVIEWS AND EXAMINATIONS .-- Subject to paragraph ( 3 ) , and notwithstanding any limitation in subsection ( b ) on the auditing and oversight of certain functions of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or any Federal reserve bank , the Comptroller General of the United States may conduct reviews , including onsite examinations , of the Board of Governors , a Federal reserve bank , or a credit facility , if the Comptroller General determines that such reviews are appropriate , solely for the purposes of assessing , with respect to a credit facility --
( A ) the operational integrity , accounting , financial reporting , and internal controls of the credit facility ;
( B ) the effectiveness of the collateral policies established for the facility in mitigating risk to the relevant Federal reserve bank and taxpayers ;
( C ) whether the credit facility inappropriately favors one or more specific participants over other institutions eligible to utilize the facility ; and
( D ) the policies governing the use , selection , or payment of third - party contractors by or for any credit facility .
(3) REPORTS AND DELAYED DISCLOSURE .--
( A) REPORTS REQUIRED .-- A report on each review conducted under paragraph shall be submitted by the Comptroller General to the Congress before the end of the 90 - day period beginning on the date on which such review is completed .
( B) CONTENTS .-- The report under subparagraph ( A ) shall include a detailed description of the findings and conclusions of the Comptroller General with respect to the matters described in paragraph ( 2 ) that were reviewed and are the subject of the report , together with such recommendations for legislative or administrative action relating to such matters as the Comptroller General may determine to be appropriate .
( C) DELAYED RELEASE OF CERTAIN INFORMATION .--
( i) IN GENERAL .-- The Comptroller General shall not disclose to any person or entity , including to Congress , the names or identifying details of specific participants in any credit facility , the amounts borrowed by specific participants in any credit facility , or identifying details regarding assets or collateral held by , under , or in connection with any credit facility , and any report provided under subparagraph ( A ) shall be redacted to ensure that such names and details are not disclosed .
( ii ) DELAYED RELEASE .-- The non-disclosure obligation under clause ( i ) shall expire with respect to any participant on the date on which the Board of Governors , directly or through a Federal reserve bank , publicly discloses the identity of the subject participant or the identifying details of the subject assets or collateral .
( iii ) GENERAL RELEASE .-- The Comptroller General shall release a non redacted version of any report on a credit facility 1 year after the effective date of the termination by the Board of Governors of the authorization for the credit facility .
For purposes of this clause , a credit facility shall be deemed to have terminated 24 months after the date on which the credit facility ceases to make extensions of credit and loans , unless the credit facility is otherwise terminated by the Board of Governors .
( iv ) EXCEPTIONS .--
The nondisclosure obligation under clause ( i ) shall not apply to the credit facilities Maiden Lane , Maiden Lane II , and Maiden Lane III .
A subway commuter Tweeted this morning , " TSA is checking bags at 42nd street subway , wtf is that ? "
Yes , the Transportation Security Administration is working with the NYPD on subway bag checks .
We spoke to TSA spokeswoman Ann Davis , who told us that the TSA is conducting a pilot program with the NYPD :
The Transportation Security Administration ( TSA ) is partnering with the New York Police Department ( NYPD ) to enhance existing security measures in NY mass transit system .
Using Visible Intermodal Prevention and Response ( VIPR ) teams , TSA is implementing a pilot program to assist with the screening of passengers ' bags .
Random and unpredictable security measures , like mobile screening and VIPR teams , can regularly be seen at anytime throughout airports , in rail environments and at mass transit stations across the country .
TSA and NYPD continuously work together to strengthen overall security efforts and keep the American people safe .
While the TSA can't offer many details about the program , expect to see TSA workers mostly during rush hours .
Earlier this month , it was reported that alleged subway terror plotter Najibullah Zazi was eyeing the 1 , 2 , 3 and 6 trains for bombings and , a year ago , there was talk of the TSA taking over subway bag search duties from the NYPD .
Softening the Transition To a Stateless Society
When seeking such a radical change as the abolition of the state and the creation of a consensual society , it ’s good to put some thought into how to help the transition go as smoothly as possible .
This article will bring up some ideas on the transition and try to encourage thinking about possible future scenarios .
It focuses on the region claimed by the United States government , because that is where the Center For a Stateless Society works from and because the US is currently the most influential state .
However the ideas presented will likely be applicable elsewhere
Abolishing the state is of critical importance , but statelessness by itself is not sufficient for anarchism .
The goal is to get as close as possible to a situation in which no person rules over another .
( If one applies the term “ state ” to any externally - imposed authority , then this paragraph should be read differently . )
Libertarian ideas can prevent the growth of new forms of subjugation or dominance by other large organizations .
I focus on ideology over structure .
So long as a libertarian mindset ( focused on maximizing individual liberty ) is prevalent , the specific structures of organizations will adapt toward satisfying this goal .
The reality of a state collapse will probably be messy and not follow party lines or plans .
Anarchist ideas and the counter - establishment economy wo n’t be the only pressures on the state .
What factors can contribute to the collapse of the state ?
The public hypocrisy and excess of the political elite , and the failure of the system to provide contentment or economic stability weakens faith in the system .
The gap left by each failure of the state can be taken advantage of .
On the other hand , when people ’s basic needs are met but they are aware of injustices being committed or the precariousness of their situation , they might spend time with revolutionary thought .
As the state declines , people ’s loyalties may shift .
If careerism is the dominant ideology of the day , one ’s trade or industry could become a primary loyalty .
However , dissatisfaction or apathy concerning impersonal organizations combined with the encouragement of do - it - yourself and entrepreneurial ideas may dissolve this loyalty .
Then localism , family , religion , subculture , or some other kind of tribalism might become a primary loyalty .
These loyalty shifts would create a different political environment to work in .
Depending on the degree to which anarchist ideas have been spread the environment might be more conducive to anarchist work or more restrictive .
New loyalties may vary in degrees of authoritarianism ( fighting for dominance and allegiance ) or libertarianism ( cooperative and conducive toward individual liberty ) .
In The Strategy of Propaganda ( ALLiance Journal Issue 2 ) , I argued that one goal of libertarian propaganda should be to disassociate people ’s identity from authority .
Groups and loyalties that do not demand people oppress others should be approached differently .
Some might desire to peacefully undermine the power of groups that hinder individual flourishing , but building alternatives is probably the best way to do this .
A diverse array of players would be involved in a hypothetical collapse of the state in America .
The following categories are generalizations , and one individual could be placed in multiple categories .
The way to approach an individual of any particular group would depend on the relationship the two of you have .
1 ) Political elites ( high ranking politicians , staff , and lobbyists ; connected business leaders ; local political machines ) :
Hopefully mass disobedience will defuse their power .
Some will be swayed by conscience and some will try to capitalize on the new political climate ( or at least bargain with the mob ) .
2 ) Military - industrial complex ( military forces and the industries connected to them ) :
Will military personnel strike or stand for the people against states ?
Will arms companies sell to anyone with enough cash or re-tool for peaceful work ?
3 ) Law enforcement : A peaceful dissolution of the domestic standing army might include massive police defections or displacement by local militias .
4 ) Non-government criminal organizations :
Who will mafias and gangs support ?
Can some be persuaded that consent is the best way to do business ?
5 ) Disenfranchised poor :
They often distrust government , and are loyal to family , church , neighborhood , gang , or other group .
Mutual aid and solidarity can turn their struggle to survive into a struggle for liberty .
6 ) Progressives and leftish managerialists :
They probably need to be shown that nobody is smart enough to be in charge of other people ’s lives and that bottom - up solutions empower people to take care of themselves .
7 ) Conservatives , statist right wingers ( generally want the state to be small in areas that do not involve badges , medals , and guns ; may include religious fundamentalists ) :
Groups and outreach materials that appeal to the right can help them figure out how to preserve their own ways of life without unjustly interfering in others ’ lives .
There is stability in consent , not in subjugation , and the enemies of prosperity are the ruling class and those who enforce their will .
8 ) Constitutionalists and minarchists ( those who require there be a small government , and those who are “ okay with anarchy but do n’t think it will work or last long ” ) :
Many of these people got to their current point of thinking by having strong libertarian tendencies .
Their libertarian tendencies should be cultivated by exposure to anarchist ideas and practice .
9 ) Anti-authoritarians ( may identify as socialist or libertarian , not ready to adopt anarchism ) :
They can be allies and should be encouraged to not adopt authoritarian ideas .
10 ) Anarchists ( often divided into market anarchists and social anarchists ) : Social anarchists are more likely to unilaterally expropriate property ; market anarchists are more likely to defend current property titles .
Both categories contain people who might side with authoritarians .
Anarchists should figure out the best ways to reconcile their beliefs with each other .
Dialogue is necessary .
11 ) Minor authoritarians ( Maoists , Trotskyists , racist groups , fundamentalists unaffiliated with above groups ) :
Guard against their influence , but do n’t get too distracted by them .
Anarchists can certainly influence the character of state failure and the society that succeeds it .
But with our current numbers and influence it is unlikely that establishing large anarchic areas will be feasible .
Of course it is also unlikely that the state will fall this month , so there is time to build influence .
It might be beneficial to have people on the inside to publicly undermine or covertly sabotage crackdowns .
I do n’t believe in the dichotomy between evolutionary and insurrectionary approaches to anarchism , and I think both have use .
But I do want to emphasize that evolutionary activity is not about passively waiting for the state to decline or pretentiously “ evolving ” above everyone who does n’t agree with you .
Rather , it involves immediately starting to build the networks and technology of the consensual society , and spreading the ideas that will guide it .
It will take time to succeed , but so would an effective insurrection .
Localism , internationalism , and networking are all important to consider in the transition to anarchy .
People exist locally , and long supply chains are easier to disrupt or use as leverage .
Ask , how will a state collapse affect the area I live in or plan to live in ?
How could basic needs be provided if massive disruptions occur ?
Is it possible to build libertarian autonomous zones ?
When is it best to inject libertarian principles into existing local groups , and when is it best to try to make explicitly anti-authoritarian networks of individuals who support each other ?
Who else might be trying to influence local sources of power ?
The works of John Robb concerning resilient communities and tribes might be useful here .
Kevin Carson ’s Center For a Stateless Society work will be invaluable .
Internationalism is critical .
A system that does not allow everybody to participate in liberty is just another system of oppression .
Also important , solidarity across borders can keep foreign military intervention to a minimum .
Powerful states will likely intervene in a large stateless zone that does n’t pay international creditors – unless the political costs of intervention outweigh the benefits .
Organizing or networking can build a basis for the future of consensual interaction .
It can also provide concrete ways for people to meet their needs outside of the state - capitalist order .
See my essay “ A Quick Look At Insurgent Political Influence ” in ALLiance Journal Issue 3 for a description of how other groups have used parallel organizations to siphon popular support .
I sometimes like to think of the optimal organization style as “ decentralized local and global networks that empower autonomous individuals , instead of groups that constrain freedom of action ” .
I ’m not interested in fighting about that definition , but it could be a seed for good discussion .
Networks can help people safeguard their physical assets .
Hoarding valuables and necessities can work better if it ’s done with friends .
Trust makes it easier to take care of things off - the - books .
Participating in mutual aid networks provides the benefits of mutual security and fellowship .
Whether pitched in terms of preparedness or in terms of ideology , reducing people ’s financial stake in the system gives them less reason to fight for the system or for some kind of reactionary movement .
We should all think about how we personally can help build a consensual future .
Thanks to the rapid spread of information today we do n’t have to start from scratch or insulate ourselves from feedback .
Though we should try to get the best possible idea of how to succeed , maximizing freedom is a more important goal than confirming hypotheses .
BROWNSVILLE —
The Zapata County sheriff Thursday was questioning why a Mexican military helicopter was hovering over homes on the Texas side of the Rio Grande .
It was one of the more jarring incidents of the fourth week of border tensions sparked by drug killings , and rumors of such killings , in the Mexican state of Tamaulipas .
Sheriff Sigifredo Gonzalez said he 'd reviewed photos of the chopper flown by armed personnel Tuesday over a residential area known as Falcon Heights - Falcon Village near the binational Falcon Lake , just south of the Starr - Zapata county line .
He said the helicopter appeared to have the insignia of the Mexican navy .
“ It 's always been said that the Mexican military does in fact ... that there have been incursions , ” Gonzalez said .
“ But this is not New Mexico or Arizona .
Here we 've got a river ; there 's a boundary line .
And then of course having Falcon Lake , Falcon Dam , it 's a lot wider .
It 's not just a trickle of a river , it 's an actual dam .
You know where the boundary 's at . ”
The sighting came amid ongoing fighting between the Gulf Cartel and its former enforcers , Los Zetas .
The mounting death toll and crisis of fear in cities across from the Texas border have drawn global attention , as has a news blackout in affected cities due to the kidnappings of eight Mexican journalists , at least one of whom was killed .
As violence continued Thursday with a highway shootout in Tamaulipas , a Senate subcommittee in Washington heard testimony that drug cartels are trying to infiltrate U.S. agencies along the border , with corruption cases among Homeland Security personnel on the rise .
In the past two years , there have been 400 public corruption cases involving federal , state and local law enforcement agents originating from the Southwest border region , Kevin Perkins , FBI assistant director for criminal investigations , told the Senate Homeland Security subcommittee on preparedness .
James Tomsheck , a U.S. Customs and Border Protection assistant commissioner , told the panel the drug cartels operating in Mexico are making a concerted effort to infiltrate CBP , and the agency is responding with more screening of job applicants with polygraph tests and background investigations .
Corruption cases were opened last year on 576 CBP officers and Border Patrol agents .
In addition to the highway battle , news from Tamaulipas on Thursday included a 25 - year - old man found dead on a roadside in Miguel Alemán .
On Wednesday , three people died in one or two gun battles in Reynosa .
Four other deaths have been reported since Saturday in the cities of Mier , Camargo and Miguel Alemán .
Wednesday 's confirmed confrontations in Reynosa included an evening run-in between elements of the ministry of defense and armed civilians and a battle between drug factions that lasted for hours .
One woman was injured during a skirmish Tuesday between federal officials and drug operatives .
A military operation Wednesday in Reynosa reportedly resulted in the wounding and arrest of a man identified by witnesses as a former engineer for Pemex , the government oil monopoly .
The witnesses told the Mexican newspaper El Universal that an attempt by army soldiers to stop his late - model white Suburban escalated into a pursuit with gunfire .
More than 100 soldiers closed off neighborhood streets as part of the operation .
Gonzalez , the Zapata sheriff , said he could n't confirm reports that the helicopter was scoping out the home of a drug criminal .
He said the incursion about a mile over the border took place over a neighborhood populated by many U.S. Customs officers who work at area border crossings — and that they knew what they were seeing .
“ My understanding is the U.S. military were informed , ” he said .
“ I do n't know what action was taken , if any . ”
A new study out suggests that when we are looking through our friends ’ updates , photos , etc. on Facebook , we show greater physiological evidence of pleasantness ( as measured through facial muscle EMG responses ) .
Why would we express more pleasantness when looking at specific information regarding one of our “ friends ” on Facebook ?
The researchers divided Facebook behaviors into four different categories , but found that most people on Facebook spent time either social browsing — “ browsing through a pool of information that involved more than one person or one type of information ( e.g. , the newsfeed page ) ” — or social searching .
They suggest that social searching is different …
[ It ’s ] an extractive information - seeking strategy , [ and ] is more concerned with goal - oriented surveillance , where participants moved from the general content to the pages belonging to a particular person .
Each Facebook user has their own profile page where they display and disclose information related to their age , gender , educational background , employment , and romantic - relationship status , in addition to their pictures ( either self - posted or ‘ tagged ’ by others ) , videos , and blog - like notes .
They studied 36 undergraduates at a midwestern university with physiological responses and screen capture data .
Researchers asked the participants to spend 5 minutes at three different websites : CNN.com , Facebook.com and Amazon.com .
They then measured their responses with facial EMG , skin conductance , and time spent on each individual page , and paired those with screen captures of what exactly they were doing .
They found that while on Facebook , most users spent little time communicating with others or updating their own profiles .
Instead , they spent most of their 5 minutes either social browsing or social searching .
We found that participants showed greater physiological evidence of pleasantness during social searching than they did during social browsing . [… ]
We suggested that social browsing is a non-specific passive social information - seeking strategy indicative of ritual media use , while social searching is a more goal - directed extractive social information - seeking strategy indicative of instrumental media use .
The researchers found that social searching — looking up a friend ’s specific profile information , looking through their photos , reading messages from them — is indicative of greater use of the appetitive system .
If you imagine that emotion and motivation consists of two separate systems , the appetitive system is responsible for sniffing out things in the environment that promote species survival ( i.e. , food , shelter , sexual mates ) .
Of course , there ’s a few limitations to this study .
Thirty - six undergraduates in a laboratory setting are unlikely to representative of the Facebook population as a whole ( and therefore , it ’s unlikely these results are very generalizable ) .
When I ’m on a public computer ( like those used in this experiment ) , I may do far less “ private ” activities ( like messaging others ) than when I ’m in private .
This sort of behavior may have biased the researchers ’ findings .
In addition , huge swaths of activity conducted on Facebook — like social gaming in Farmville or Mafia Wars — were n’t examined in this study .
It may be that those activities also promote “ pleasantness . ”
Reference :
Wise , K. , Alhabash , S. , & Park , H. ( 2010 ) .
Emotional Responses During Social Information Seeking on Facebook .
Cyberpsychology , Behavior , and Social Networking .
doi:10.1089/cyber.2009.0365 .
Looking at Friends on Facebook Increases Pleasantness
For decades , mainstream Israeli politicians have taken pride in their fingertip feel for the subtleties of American life and politics .
Israeli diplomats know the meeting halls of the Midwest almost as well as they do the breakfast room at the Regency Hotel .
So it has been disturbing to see , during the 2008 Presidential race and after , that some right - wing members of the Israeli political élite , along with some ordinary Israelis , often seem to derive their most acute sense of Barack Obama from Fox News and the creepier nooks of the blogosphere .
Illustration by Tom Bachtell
Polls and conversations with right - leaning Israelis have long reflected a distrust of Obama and a free - floating anxiety about what they imagine to be his view of the world — specifically , his indifference to Israel .
At the margins , and sometimes within them , one even hears the familiar aspersions about the President ’s middle name , his childhood interlude in Indonesia , and his marination in a South Side milieu supposedly composed of incendiary preachers , black nationalists , fading Weathermen , and ( Oy !
Vey ist mir ! ) Palestinian intellectuals .
Most Israelis were convinced of Bill Clinton ’s capacity to reconcile a deep admiration for Israel with a desire to end the occupation of the conquered territories and the suffering of the Palestinians .
The Israeli right certainly appreciated George W. Bush for his unquestioning embrace , though most Israeli politicians say they would have preferred that more attention had been paid to the nuclear plants in Iran than to the phantom weapons in Baghdad .
In Obama , however , many Israelis think that they are dealing with an American leader who , as one official put it , “ has no special feeling for us . ”
Obama ’s customary cool feels icy .
This month ’s diplomatic drama , which was set off during Vice - President Biden ’s visit by the announcement of sixteen hundred housing units planned for Ramat Shlomo , a neighborhood in East Jerusalem , reached its sad nadir last week , when Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ’s brother - in - law , Hagai Ben- Artzi , declared on Israeli radio that Obama was an “ anti-Semite . ”
No one , not even Netanyahu , should be denied his right to an idiot relation , but the remark is less readily dismissed when one recalls reports ( later denied ) that the Prime Minister himself has referred to David Axelrod ( whose West Wing office featured an “ Obama for President ” sign in Hebrew ) and Rahm Emanuel ( a civilian volunteer in the Israeli Army during the first Gulf War ) as “ self - hating Jews . ”
The Netanyahu government suffers from a troubling degree of instability , thanks to its far - right coalition partners ( including its bigoted foreign minister , Avigdor Lieberman ) and its ineptitude .
The insult to Biden , an ardent Zionist , was just the most recent blunder , following the humiliation of a resident diplomat from Turkey ( Israel ’s closest friend in the Muslim world ) and of the Brazilian President , to say nothing of its presumed role in the assassination of a Hamas military leader on the soil of one of the few open - minded countries in the region .
The professionals in Washington and Jerusalem share sufficient diplomatic agility to paper over this latest unpleasantness , but the memory of the trivial - seeming aspects of the dispute — the affronts , the lacerating phone calls — obscures a more unsettling pattern : a deep Israeli misreading of the President and an ignorance of the diversity of opinion among American Jews and in the United States in general .
Take Obama ’s supposed indifference to Jews and the State of Israel .
Among the many Chicagoans who are apt to find this idea hilarious is the one politician who has beaten him , Bobby Rush .
In 2000 , Obama , a bored member of the Illinois state senate , challenged Rush , a popular incumbent , for the seat in the state ’s First Congressional District , on the South Side .
Rush , a former leader of the Black Panthers , viewed Obama as the creation of cynical white liberals — particularly Jewish liberals , who constituted , in his term , a “ cabal . ”
As a rising politician with Ivy League connections , Obama had financial backing from all over , including from a class of young black entrepreneurs .
But he has had Jewish mentors throughout his career .
Philanthropists like Bettylu Saltzman , Penny Pritzker , and Lester Crown were crucial to his campaigns .
His friend and neighbor the late Arnold Jacob Wolf was a rabbi .
Michelle Obama ’s cousin Capers C. Funnye , Jr. , is the first African - American member of the Chicago Board of Rabbis and the spiritual leader of Beth Shalom , a congregation on the South Side .
One of Obama ’s closest colleagues in Springfield was Ira Silverstein , an Orthodox Jew , with whom he shared an office suite in the Capitol building ; Obama acted as Silverstein ’s shabbos goy , turning on lights and pushing elevator buttons for him on Saturdays .
Obama ’s Jewish friends and supporters report that they were convinced of his ease among Jews and of his advocacy for a two - state solution , with an emphasis on justice for the Palestinians and on real security for the Israelis .
Obama also listened carefully to the arguments of Palestinian friends , such as the historian Rashid Khalidi .
And why not ?
Obama told fund - raising audiences that it was entirely possible to support Israel , even passionately , without endorsing the platform of Likud and the occupation of Gaza and the West Bank .
One of his mentors in Chicago , Abner Mikva , a former congressman , federal judge , and counsel to Bill Clinton , jokingly told the Chicago Jewish News during the campaign , “ I think when this is all over , people are going to say that Barack Obama is the first Jewish president . ”
O.K. , not quite , but he did win seventy - eight per cent of the Jewish vote .
Only African - Americans voted for him in higher numbers .
In Israel , however , Netanyahu ’s Likud - led government strangely misperceives the currents of American opinion .
Netanyahu and his ministers are in the habit of speaking directly to adoring audiences at AIPAC and other groups led by older , conservative philanthropists ; they largely overlook younger , more liberal constituencies , which for years have been more questioning of Israel policy .
They have shown distinctly less affection for J Street , the newly formed lobbying group intended as a counterweight to AIPAC .
In fairness , many Americans see Israeli politics in atavistic terms , too , yearning for a Labor Party that shattered long ago .
Even as they rightly deplore the injustice of the occupation and last year ’s war in Gaza , they fail to recognize the complexity of trying to reach a final resolution when the Palestinians are so deeply and ruinously divided and when so many Israeli supporters of a two - state solution have , after Oslo , Camp David , and Taba , despaired of getting a workable deal .
The essential question for Israel is not whether it has the friendship of the White House — it does — but whether Netanyahu remains the arrogant rejectionist that he was in the nineteen - nineties , the loyal son of a radical believer in Greater Israel , forever settling scores with the old Labor élites and making minimal concessions to ward off criticism from Washington and retain the affections of his far - right coalition partners .
Is he capable of engaging with the moderate and constructive West Bank leadership of Mahmoud Abbas and Salam Fayyad , and making history ?
Does there exist a Netanyahu 2.0 , a Nixon Goes to China figure who will act with an awareness that demographic realities — the growth not only of the Palestinian population in the territories but also of the Arab and right - wing Jewish populations in Israel proper — make the status quo untenable as well as unjust ?
Without the creation of a viable contiguous Palestinian state , comprising a land area equivalent to all of the West Bank and Gaza ( allowing for land swaps ) , and with East Jerusalem as its capital , it is impossible to imagine a Jewish and democratic future for Israel .
There is nothing the Israeli leadership could do to make the current fantasy of an indifferent American leadership become a reality faster than to get lost in the stubborn fantasy of sustaining the status quo . ♦
With the passage of the legislation allowing the federal government to take control of the medical care system of the United States , a major turning point has been reached in the dismantling of the values and institutions of America .
Even the massive transfer of crucial decisions from millions of doctors and patients to Washington bureaucrats and advisory panels -- as momentous as that is -- does not measure the full impact of this largely unread and certainly unscrutinized legislation .
If the current legislation does not entail the transmission of all our individual medical records to Washington , it will take only an administrative regulation or , at most , an Executive Order of the President , to do that .
With politicians now having not only access to our most confidential records , and having the power of granting or withholding medical care needed to sustain ourselves or our loved ones , how many people will be bold enough to criticize our public servants , who will in fact have become our public masters ?
Despite whatever " firewalls " or " lockboxes " there may be to shield our medical records from prying political eyes , nothing is as inevitable as leaks in Washington .
Does anyone still remember the hundreds of confidential FBI files that were " accidentally " delivered to the White House during Bill Clinton 's administration ?
Even before that , J. Edgar Hoover 's extensive confidential FBI files on numerous Washington power holders made him someone who could not be fired by any President of the United States , much less by any Attorney General , who was nominally his boss .
The corrupt manner in which this massive legislation was rammed through Congress , without any of the committee hearings or extended debates that most landmark legislation has had , has provided a roadmap for pushing through more such sweeping legislation in utter defiance of what the public wants .
Too many critics of the Obama administration have assumed that its arrogant disregard of the voting public will spell political suicide for Congressional Democrats and for the President himself .
But that is far from certain .
True , President Obama 's approval numbers in the polls have fallen below 50 percent , and that of Congress is down around 10 percent .
But nobody votes for Congress as a whole , and the President will not be on the ballot until 2012 .
They say that , in politics , overnight is a lifetime .
Just last month , it was said that the election of Scott Brown to the Senate from Massachusetts doomed the health care bill .
Now some of the same people are saying that passing the health care bill will doom the administration and the Democrats ' control of Congress .
As an old song said , " It ai n't necessarily so . "
The voters will have had no experience with the actual , concrete effect of the government takeover of medical care at the time of either the 2010 Congressional elections or the 2012 Presidential elections .
All they will have will be conflicting rhetoric -- and you can depend on the mainstream media to go along with the rhetoric of those who passed this medical care bill .
The ruthless and corrupt way this bill was forced through Congress on a party - line vote , and in defiance of public opinion , provides a road map for how other " historic " changes can be imposed by Obama , Pelosi and Reid .
What will it matter if Obama 's current approval rating is below 50 percent among the current voting public , if he can ram through new legislation to create millions of new voters by granting citizenship to illegal immigrants ?
That can be enough to make him a two - term President , who can appoint enough Supreme Court justices to rubber - stamp further extensions of his power .
When all these newly minted citizens are rounded up on election night by ethnic organization activists and labor union supporters of the administration , that may be enough to salvage the Democrats ' control of Congress as well .
The last opportunity that current American citizens may have to determine who will control Congress may well be the election in November of this year .
Off - year elections do n't usually bring out as many voters as Presidential election years .
But the 2010 election may be the last chance to halt the dismantling of America .
It can be the point of no return .
Martins :
Have you ever seen any of your victims ?
Harry Lime :
You know , I never feel comfortable on these sort of things .
Victims ?
Do n’t be melodramatic .
Tell me .
Would you really feel any pity if one of those dots stopped moving forever ?
If I offered you £ 20,000 for every dot that stopped , would you really , old man , tell me to keep my money , or would you calculate how many dots you could afford to spare ?
Free of income tax , old man .
Free of income tax – the only way you can save money nowadays .
MONTCOAL W.V. — Protesters from Westboro Baptist Church in Topeka , Kan. , headed to the Upper Big Branch mine Thursday morning to convey the message that the explosion there that left 25 miners dead was a result of e-mail messages allegedly sent from West Virginia threatening the Church and its publisher , according to a statement from the Church .
The church , which is led by Fred Phelps , has attracted attention in recent years by showing up at funerals for soldiers who have died in Iraq and Afghanistan .
At those funerals they carry signs that say that God hates homosexuality and that the death of soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan is God ’s way of punishing the United States for its tolerance of it .
“ This whole nation is awash in rebellious sin and defiance of God , His standard , and His servant ’s faithful words , ” a news release on the church ’s Web site said Thursday morning .
The statement said the church had received threats about a trip to West Virginia and Virginia scheduled to begin Thursday .
From New Left Media :
On March 16 , 2010 , Tea Partiers from around the country gathered ( in disappointing numbers ) in front of the Capitol building for their final protest against health care reform .
Also in town , appropriately , was Barnum & Bailey 's actual circus .
The protestors voiced their usual conspiratorial concerns about healthcare reform : that it was a government takeover and more government , of course , equals less freedom ; that it would euthanize seniors too expensive to treat ; and that the bill would sink the nation into irrecoverable debt , despite its actually reducing the deficit by more than $ 100 - billion over the next ten years .
Averse to facts , no one interviewed was able to cite evidence for their false beliefs about the reform proposal , and instead suggested we seek the " truth " from Glenn Beck and Fox News .
We were quite surprised when found out that not all airports have control towers .
Nevertheless , these great architecture facilities are worth being admired .
There are few interesting facts about airport towers – full control tower structures usually have windows that circle the entire top floor , giving all round vision .
The windows are usually tiled outwards at 15 degrees , because otherwise the controllers would see the reflection of their equipment .
The ceiling may also be painted black .
So , as you can see these functional requirements are pretty much the serious limitations in terms of design .
These original towers are real architecture and design masterpieces because it is not so easy to create original design for such huge building .
But as they say there are no limits for human imagination and engineers once again prove this rule .
We think that our examples show how some original ideas can be transformed into different designs .
For example , if you take a look at Vienna tower you ’ll notice that it reminds a big battle ship ; Madrid ’s tower is made in awesome UFO style , Sydney tower looks like a piece of Russian space station and Fort Worth Alliance Airport Control Tower is a huge ice - cream .
The bottom line is that being creative is not that hard and all you have to do is just turn on your imagination – that ’s all .
Now let ’s get back to our towers – let ’s enjoy these great architectural and engineering wonders !
* * *
* * *
* * *
* * *
* * *
* * *
* * *
* * *
* * *
* * *
* * *
* * *
* * *
* * *
,
MPs are poised to pass one of the most important bills in British history without even talking it over .
Is the BPI happy with that ?
It 's not saying
The dread digital economy bill is rushing towards its end - game now , with parliament insiders predicting its deciding moment sometime in the next two weeks .
The bill is a sweeping , 24,000 + word piece of legislation that deals with everything from Gaelic broadcasting to Channel 4's future to classification of video games to , of course , copyright .
It includes some very radical proposals in respect of copyright , including a requirement to disconnect whole households from the internet if a single member is accused – without proof – of breaching copyright .
You'd think that parliament would want to discuss this bill before they passed it , especially since the " digital economy " is the economy – whether you 're running a coal - mine or a blog , you can't survive without IT , the net , and telecoms .
Indeed , the internet is critical to every piece of life in Britain , from healthcare to education , from family to civic engagement , and anything that regulates the internet regulates every other aspect of British life .
One long - serving MP told me that under normal circumstances , " a bill of this size would probably have a one - day second reading debate and then about 60 to 80 hours in committee , where it would be scrutinised line by line , clause by clause " .
However , under the current accelerated schedule , " it will receive one day for second reading and at the very most , two hours in a committee of the whole house .
The government will programme the debate so huge chunks of the bill might not receive any scrutiny at all . "
Translation : MPs are planning to pass one of the most important bills in British history without even talking it over .
Tens of thousands of Britons have written to their representatives in the past week , demanding that MPs show up for work and do their jobs , thoroughly discussing this legislation before they unload it over Britain .
Last Wednesday , at Manchester 's Counter 2010 conference , the director of public affairs for the British Phonographic Institute , Richard Mollet ( himself a prospective parliamentary candidate for Labour in the next election ) passed some remarks on the sufficiency of the debate thus far .
According to sources at the conference , Mollet said something like : " The Lords had scrutinised the digital economy bill enough , and there is no further need for debate . "
I published this paraphrase on Wednesday afternoon .
I pointed out that a leaked memo penned by Mollet identified parliamentary debate as potentially fatal to the bill ( the same memo showed that the BPI had actually written one of the amendments introduced in the Lords ) .
A few hours later , I got a vehement denial by email from Adam Liversage , director of communications for the BPI : " Richard Mollet categorically did not say ' there is no further need for debate ' at the Counter 2010 conference …
What he actually said was that the bill has received detailed scrutiny in the Lords , which has resulted in significant amendments being made to it .
When asked about the prospects for the bill in the Commons , he said that this was a matter for the government 's business managers . "
I canvassed several Counter 2010 attendees , but no one could remember Mollet saying anything like this .
But no one had a recording .
Fair enough .
So I emailed Mr Liversage the next morning and asked whether Mr Mollet , or the BPI , believed that the digital economy bill had received sufficient scrutiny by the peoples ' elected representatives , or whether the bill should go to a full debate .
I got a terse note back referring me to the earlier statement , which did n't answer my question .
So I asked again .
And again .
And again .
I left messages on Mr Liversage 's mobile and landline phones .
Sent more email .
Silence .
Let me take you through that again : the BPI really wants you to know that its representative did n't say that there was no need for debate on the digital economy bill .
But they wo n't say whether there 's a need for debate on the bill .
This is n't the first time I 've seen this particular dirty trick from the record industry .
In July 2005 , I ran a story about the RIAA ( the BPI 's US counterpart ) sending legal notices to YouTube over videos of kids singing pop songs .
A few hours later , I had an email from RIAA director of communications Jenni Engebretsen , telling me that the legal notices were forgeries .
Interested , I asked her some natural followups : have there been other forgeries ?
And , most importantly , does this mean that the RIAA does n't believe that YouTube should take down the videos ?
She promised to get right back to me .
For the year that followed , I sent Engebretsen a stream of emails and left voicemails on her phones , asking about the promised followup .
Eventually I reached her again – by calling from a different number – and she gave me a terse " no comment " .
( Like Mr Mollet , Engebretsen moved from the record industry to politics , going to work for the Democratic National Committee in 2007 ) .
So yes , this is an old wheeze : challenge a statement attributed to you , but refuse to clarify your actual position .
The BPI 's member companies stand to gain enormous power and wealth from this Bill – including the power to decide which British families are allowed to participate in digital society .
They 've written sections of it .
They produce a weekly , in - depth status report on the bill 's progress ( albeit these reports are somewhat loony : the leaked one suggested that the MI5 were behind the opposition ! ) .
Are we to believe that they have no opinion on whether this bill has seen enough parliamentary debate ?
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
RIYADH , Saudi Arabia — Saudi Arabia has arrested 113 suspected al - Qaida members accused of planning attacks on oil facilities inside the kingdom , the Interior Ministry said Wednesday .
Many of those arrested had come to Saudi Arabia on visas to visit holy sites or by sneaking across its borders , but wanted to join and organize attacks with al - Qaida .
Saudi Arabia has aggressively pursued militants since a series of attacks inside the country that began in May 2003 .
The country is the birthplace of al - Qaida leader Osama bin Laden and home to 15 of the 19 Sept. 11 hijackers .
The arrests were the first to be announced since August , when Saudi authorities said they had rounded up 44 al - Qaida - linked militants in a yearlong sweep .
The ministry statement said the arrests were carried out over a period of five months .
Those detained included 47 Saudis , 51 Yemenis , a Somali , an Eritrean and a Bangladeshi , the announcement said .
Separately , authorities arrested 12 people from two al - Qaida cells originating across the border in Yemen , where a local branch of the terrorist network has established a significant base of operations over the past year .
Those two cells were also in the preliminary stages of planning attacks on oil facilities , the statement said .
In the last major attempt on such a facility , suicide bombers tried butfailed to attack the Abqaiq oil complex in eastern Saudi Arabia inFebruary 2006 .
The complex is the world 's largest oil processingfacility .
In a more recent setback , a suicide bomber lightly wounded the Saudiprince in charge of the country 's anti-terrorism program in an Augustassassination attempt .
Husky Profile Blog Joined May 2009 United States 3362 Posts Last Edited : 2010-05-27 06:39:58 # 1
Playlist of my half ( Husky ) added .
Will post HD's if he makes one
http://www.youtube.com/user/HuskyStarcraft#grid/user/82C1E56EF80780DF
On May 27 2010 10:01 HuskyTheHusky wrote :
Almost all the finals are up on my page !
The third place matches are going up on HD's ( on a slightly slower connection )
Almost all the finals are up on my page !
The third place matches are going up on HD's ( on a slightly slower connection
HD and Husky are proud to present the HDH Invitational sponsored by iRip !
This tournament will be a 16 player invite only event .
VODs will be posted here :
HuskyStarcraft
HDstarcraft
SPONSOR'S WEBSITE
Read below for more info .
+ Show Spoiler + April 21st - May 11th
Round of 16 - Best of 3 ( April 21st - 27th )
Round of 8 - Best of 3 ( April 28th - May 4th )
Round of 4 - Best of 5 ( To Be Announced )
Third Place - Best of 5 ( To Be Announced )
FINALS - Round of 7 ( To Be Announced )
Note :
These are the dates participants are expected to play their games by .
Livestreams and the release of VODs / results ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND MAY TAKE CONSIDERABLY LONGER THAN THE PREVIOUSLY LISTED DATES .
Please check the LiveStream section for more information .
+ Show Spoiler + Rules
1 ) All games MUST be played on the US ( North American ) server .
-
2 ) Round of 16 and Round of 8 games may be played whenever most convenient for both
players , but games must be played WITHIN the allotted time
period for each round .
EX : April 21st - April 27th ( 11:59 pm )
for the Round of 16
-
3 ) You are expected to be reachable for a reasonable amount of time during each play period .
If you can not be reached for an extended period of time and do not show up to your games YOU WILL BE REPLACED OR FORFEIT YOUR MATCH .
-
4 ) Winning player must email all replays to Husky
( huskythehusky at gmail dot com ) .
DO NOT RENAME THE FILES .
If the file
name is too long to see the time stamp please list which order
they were played in the email .
-
5 ) Players may NOT livestream their games as they are playing .
-
6 ) Chat is allowed in game .
However , any excessive abuse and / or spam in game will be taken very seriously .
-
7 ) Disconnects are an automatic loss for that player .
If a game is so one sided that it was obvious who was going to win , a judgment call will be made .
Our decision is FINAL and players agree to these terms by accepting their invite .
In the event of a disconnect , should players not be able to come to an agreement by themselves contact Husky IMMEDIATELY and send in the replays for review .
-
8 ) All games are played regardless of patches .
Winning player will be expected to email Husky the replays by the end of the round period .
-
9 ) Players under no circumstances are allowed to release results or replays to the public until after VODS have been posted .
-
10 ) Round of 4 , Third Place , and Finals matches will be spectated by Husky and HD .
A time for these games to be played will be worked out between all involved at a closer date .
-
Failure to abide by these rules may result in disqualification from the tournament , forfeit of one or more upcoming games , and / or being banned from future HDH events .
Maps ( Round of 16 & Round of 8 ) :
- Twilight Fortress is automatically banned from the map pool .
- All other maps are allowed to be played on .
- Before matches begin , each player can thumb down 2 maps .
If
both players thumb down the same map they can choose a different
map .
- Round of 16 starting map : Lost Temple
- Round of 8 starting map : Metalopolis
- Losing player from game 1 picks next map .
Losing player of
game 2 picks final map ( if applicable ) .
Maps ( Round of 4 , Third Place , and Finals ) :
- To Be Announced ..
More Information Soon !
Thanks to One .
Two for the image .
HD and Husky are proud to present the HDH Invitational sponsored by iRip !
This tournament will be a 16 player invite only event .
VODs will be posted here : Read below for more info .
More Information Soon !
Thanks to One . Two for the image Commentaries : youtube.com/HuskyStarcraft
Tuesday , March 23 , 2010 at 11:57AM
O'Reilly Radar's James Turner conducted a very informative interview with Joe Stump , current CTO of SimpleGeo and former lead architect at Digg , in which Joe makes some of his usually insightful comments on his experience using Cassandra vs MySQL .
As Digg started out with a MySQL oriented architecture and has recently been moving full speed to Cassandra , his observations on some of their lessons learned and the motivation for the move are especially valuable .
Here are some of the key takeaways you find useful :
Precompute on writes , make reads fast .
This is an oldie as a scaling strategy , but it 's valuable to see how SimpleGeo is applying it to their problem of finding entities within a certain geographical region .
Using Cassandra they 've built two clusters : one for indexes and one for records .
The records cluster , as you might imagine , is a simple data lookup .
The index cluster has a carefully constructed key for every lookup scenario .
The indexes are computed on the write , so reads are very fast .
As reads dominate , this makes a lot of sense .
Queries based on time are also precomputed .
Joe mentions some special algorithms for spreading out data , which tends to cluster around geographical regions , but does not mention what these are .
Restrict what the user can do .
The system is kept simpler by not allowing open ended queries .
Users are allowed to perform a well defined set of operations that end up using highly optimized searches .
They have no intention of being a generic database , they only intend to be able to serve geodata , well .
The relation tool chain has failed for real - time .
The relational database tool chain is not evolving .
It has failed for large scale , real - time environments .
Building scalable systems on a relational database requires building sharding , load balancing , resharding , cluster management , worrying about consistency , implementing distributed queries , and other layers yourself , so why bother ?
Cassandra does all that for you out of the box .
Shutdown a server and Cassandra will handle all the remapping and rerouting automatically .
Scaling practices turn a relational database into a non-relational database .
To scale at Digg they followed a set of practices very similar to those used at eBay .
No joins , no foreign key constraints ( to scale writes ) , primary key look - ups only , limited range queries , and joins were done in memory .
When implementing the comment feature a 4,000 percent increase in performance was created by sorting in PHP instead of MySQL .
All this effort required to make a relational database scale basically meant you were using a non-relational database anyway .
So why not just use a non-relational database from the start ?
Embrace and extend existing products rather than build your own .
Cassandra allowed SimpleGeo to create custom data partitioning policies to better spread the data around .
This meant a custom database did n't have to be created , an existing database could be extended to go that extra mile while still benefiting from a well supported highly functional database .
This is also a lesson learned at Justin.tv and will likely become an even more important strategy as complexity increases .
Scaling equals specialization .
To scale often requires building highly custom , problem specific solutions .
MySQL works fine for a certain problem set .
Typically for relatively static data sets , relatively low query volumes , and relatively high latency requirements .
Related Articles
Rumors circulated recently that Elizabeth Edwards was considering suing Andrew Young , ex-aide to John Edwards , under a North Carolina law that allows spouses to sue third - parties that cause the demise of their marriage .
Nothing ever came of that , and we had a hard time understanding how it was Young that could be held responsible for that collapse anyway .
But , more to the point , we assumed it was one of those laws that sat on the books but was never actually used .
We were wrong .
A North Carolina wife , Cynthia Shackelford , sued her husband 's mistress , Anne Lundquist , claiming alienation of affection , intentional inflection of emotions distress and other adultery - related allegations , Greensboro 's News & Record reported .
Shackelford said her husband 's relationship with Lundquist ruined her marriage , but the husband , Allan , and Lundquist claim the marriage was broken before their relationship began , the article said .
Lundquist and Allan Shackelford now live together , even though the Shackelford 's divorce is not final , the ABA Journal noted .
The $ 9 million seems to be totally out of left field -- Lundquist did not even show up for court and was representing herself because she said she cannot afford an attorney .
She believes she was not properly notified about the case and is looking for someone who will represent her on appeal .
So really this is all just odd , but if you also saw the Elizabeth Edwards story and assumed that North Carolina law just held an honorary place on the books -- well , now we know that is n't so .
And , according to the ABA Journal , there is an average of 200 such suits a year .
March 4 , 2010  --
The countdown is on for 17 food manufacturers to correct labels on popular food products that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration says misrepresents the products ' health benefits -- or else .
The FDA said Wednesday that its commissioner , Dr. Margaret Hamburg , had sent letters to each company in question Feb. 22 , along with an open letter to the food manufacturing industry demanding they take action against " false or misleading " labels .
Among the complaints is that " misleading ' healthy ' claims continue to appear on foods that do not meet the long - and well - established definition for use of that term , " Hamburg said in the letter .
If companies such as Nestle and Beech - Nut do not comply , the FDA warned , the products could be removed from the shelves .
" FDA is notifying a number of manufacturers that their labels are in violation of the law and subject to legal proceedings to remove misbranded products from the marketplace , " Hamburg said in the letter , which is posted on the FDA Web site .
Bruce Silverglade of the Center for Science in the Public Interest told " Good Morning America , " We hope this is the start of a battle that will lead to a war that will end deceptive food labeling . "
Hamburg , citing the desire of industry leaders to provide safe , healthy products , said in the letter that the FDA 's measure is an attempt to clarify " what is expected of them . "
Click here for a list of each company and product addressed in the letters .
' Warning Letter ' to Companies
The companies ' letters , ominously titled " Warning Letter , " as FDA notices have been in the past , are directed to individuals within the companies and address specific products and labels .
" Violations included a wide variety of unauthorized health claims and nutrient content claims , " according to the FDA 's Web site .
" Products also were identified that made nutrient content claims about one nutrient , such as trans fats , but failed to identify other nutrients , such as saturated fat , which were present in the products at very high levels . "
One tactic companies use to avoid accusations of mislabeling , Silverglade said , is using broad , sometimes confusing terms .
" The companies try to get around the rules by using vague terminology such as ' helps support your immune system ' or ' heart healthy . '
These claims are not reviewed by the FDA and are confusing customers , " he said .
Dreyer 's Grand Ice Cream Inc. , one of the companies cited by the FDA , said in a statement that it stands behind its nutritional quality .
" Dreyer 's intends to fully cooperate with the FDA to bring this matter to a conclusion .
As a matter of policy , Dreyer 's Grand Ice Cream does not comment on pending regulatory inquiries , and at this point we cannot make further comments , " the statement read .
Nestle , another company on the list , told Business Week magazine that it " intends to fully cooperate with the FDA to bring this matter to a conclusion . "
Beech - Nut said it is reviewing the FDA letter and Pompeian Inc. , another company on the list , said labels for its imported extra light olive oil will be revised , according to the Washington Post .
Click here to see the FDA 's guide to reading labels correctly .
Click here to return to the " Good Morning America " Web site .
Not impressed with PlayStation Move ?
Think it 's a petty " me-too " Wii cashgrab ?
Think one waggle system is enough ?
FOOL !
Sony is here to explain why PlayStation Move is better than the Wii , and it's all thanks to that most underused of gimmicks , the PlayStation Eye .
" It 's a homegrown technology and we chose it for a number of reasons -- chiefly because of the precision that we knew we could get , " says Worldwide Studios VP Scott Rohde .
" When you 're talking about a game that was demoed like Table Tennis out there , you might be able to play that on another system , but I think we showed very well that you can get that top spin or slice in there and it really feels like you 're playing a Table Tennis game .
" Because of the camera , the PS Eye , we add that whole element of augmented reality .
And I think that 's a big advantage we have over what the Wii has done to date .
That 's definitely an audience that we 're targeting ...
Maybe someone is sitting on the fence about whether or not to upgrade [ to PS3 ] and [ Move ] could lead them to do it . "
I am still not sure Sony will get the audience it 's looking for .
I know I bought a PS3 because I wanted the things it already has -- great looking traditional games .
I'm a little worried that Sony will go motion - crazy in a desperate attempt to corner a market that does n't exist .
Just look at how well Microsoft 's attempts with LIPS and that stupid movie game worked .
Not well .
Sony : Move 's ' big advantage ' over Wii is ... [ CVG ]
The Ilya Kovalchuk saga came to an end last week as the New Jersey Devils were ousted by the 7th seeded Philadelphia Flyers in the 1st round .
The " Kovalchuk Question " ( will he stay or will he go ? ) was one of the main story lines for the Thrashers .
To quickly recap that drama : The Thrashers asked Ilya 's opinion on UFAs and he actively courted players who signed here .
It appeared he was going to extend his contract after the team got off to a hot start .
But Grossman asked for a cap max contract , and the Thrashers were unwilling to go that high , but offered several different attractive offers .
Ultimately , he was traded for Bergfors , Oduya , Cormier and a 1st round pick .
The Thrashers had essentially the same winning percentage after Kovalchuk left and hung around the playoff race until being eliminated in the final two weeks of the season .
The Devils saw their win percentage decline with Kovalchuk and they won just a single game against the Flyers despite being heavy favorites .
So what to make of this Kovalchuk drama now that the season is over ?
Sometimes fans rush to establish a good - guy / bad - guy narrative in these sorts of situations .
Personally I think it is a bit more complex than that .
Testing the free agency market .
I know lots of fans were angry when Marian Hossa chose not to re-sign ( and was therefore traded ) , and now Kovalchuk has also chosen not to re-sign ( and therefore was traded ) .
We tend to think that star players should be loyal to their town .
But consider the fact that a player like Hossa or Kovalchuk is picked at age 18 by a hockey club in far away North America .
The player has zero choice in the matter .
They come over at a young age , they learn to speak a new language and live in a different culture and eat strange foods .
They might be playing new systems with coaches that yell at them in strange tongues .
They are asked to play hard for 82 NHL games , plus playoffs and pre-season matches .
And in return they are paid handsomely , but they also give up a lot of control over their lives in the process .
When they reach the age of unrestricted free agency , NHL players get their first major opportunity to decide where they will live and work -- and I understand why a player might savor the chance to exercise that right .
The decision to wait before entering talks cost the Thrashers .
If Kovalchuk had been traded with one year left on his contract in the summer of the 2009 , the Thrashers would have gotten a more attractive return .
Why did n't this happen ?
Waddell and Kovalchuk had an unusually close relationship .
Waddell once told the season tickets that " If Ilya stays , I stay " but it did n't work out that way ... for either of them .
The harsh reality is that the NHL is a business -- and at the end of the day the Waddell - Kovalchuk personal relationship did n't count for a whole lot .
In my opinion the Thrashers should have made it clear that they needed an extension signed before NHL Camp opened in the fall to protect the interests of the franchise .
If Grossman / Kovalchuk replied " we want more time to see how the team plays " then the Thrashers should have countered with an offer of a one - year extension to give him more time .
Ultimately the talks went nowhere , with Grossman insisting on a cap max deal and a guarantee that the franchise would n't move .
It is my view that Grossman asked for a dollar amount he knew the Thrashers would n't accept and he asked for a no - move guarantee knowing the CBA does n't allow such things .
For example , under the CBA the Thrashers could not include a provision that would void Kovalchuk 's contract in a case of franchise relocation -- it simply is n't allowed .
Marian Hossa 's agent made an outrageous request .
Ilya Kovalchuk 's agent made unmeetable requests ... hmmm .
Reading between the lines I suspect that Kovalchuk was only going to stay in Atlanta if they overpaid him and gave him a cap max deal .
When agents make unreasonable demands it suggests that striking a deal is n't a high priority .
Only Ilya and his agent know the true motive behind this contract demands .
Ultimately , Don Waddell did n't re-sign Kovalchuk and took the most attractive package he could find that late in the season .
Many people are declaring the Thrashers the winners of this trade following the Devils early playoff exit -- that 's probably true assuming Kovalchuk does n't re-sign in New Jersey .
Some see it as a final plus sign in the Don Waddell tenure as GM .
I 'm not sure about that last part , it is a case of success by accident as much as anything else .
Consider the following :
What I can say is that Waddell was right not to pay Ilya Kovalchuk cap max money .
What I can say is that Don Waddell was wrong to even offer Kovalchuk $ 10 mil. per year -- he 's simply not worth that much money in my view .
What I can say is that Waddell likely got the best deal possible for Kovalchuk .
What I can say is that Waddell would have gotten a BETTER deal if he had taken a firm stance during the summer .
What next for Ilya Kovalchuk ?
Will any NHL team offer him a cap max deal ?
Probably not .
Did the trade hurt his UFA value ?
I suspect so .
The Thrashers were no worse without him and the Devils were worse with him .
He played with energy and enthusiasm in the playoffs and led his team in points -- but one of his goals was a meaningless empty netter and several of his assists were secondary assists .
Not exactly the game breaking performance Devils fans were looking for .
In point of fact , the Devils season only lasted about 10 days longer than the Thrashers season did .
At the end of the day , Kovalchuk remains a brilliant but flawed player who racks up lots of points with huge minutes on the Power Play , but still lacks an understanding of defensive zone play .
If I could pick any NHL player to build a team around , he would n't even rank in my top 20 players -- he 's talented , but not a cornerstone player ... and certainly not a good value at $ 10 million per year .
Other people are taking shots at the Devils GM for making this big trade and dealing valuable players , picks and prospects .
In hindsight , it is easy to point out that the gambit fell flat , but I admire him for making a move that he thought might land his franchise a Stanley Cup .
If Ilya Kovalchuk is going to win a Stanley Cup , it would be precisely in a situation like the Devils - - a strong defensive team where he is not the centerpiece player .
It worked out well for Alexander Mogilny when he put on a Devils uniform some years back .
( EDIT : To get a Devils perspective on this check out ILWT feelings on Kovalchuk after an early playoff exit .
Conclusion
It will be interesting to observe the consequences of this big trade over the coming years .
Already , Devils coach Jacques Lemaire has retired , Kovalchuk probably hits the UFA market , and the Thrashers will either use or trade that late 1st round pick this summer .
So really , I do n't see a clear cut " bad guy " in the whole situation .
Don Waddell should have been less trusting and more firm in the summer of 2009 .
Ilya Kovalchuk should have been more honest and forthright about his cap max demands as well .
Thank you for your interest in Tournament Challenge .
The NCAA has canceled the 2020 NCAA men's and women 's basketball tournaments due to the ongoing coronavirus outbreak .
As a result , Tournament Challenge will not be running .
Bongripper is a four - piece Instrumental Sludge Metal band from Chicago , IL , United States .
Since 2005 , they have self - released seven recordings .
Known for a deafening and intense live performance , the band thrives on an unrelenting sound that can compete with any of the heaviest Metal bands of their genre , covering a vast range of genres , from Noise Drone Doom , and Dark Ambient to Post - Metal , their music stands out as a great example of Experimental Metal .
The band formed in 2005 , when a simple jam session began the making of their first album , " The Great Barrier Reefer . " … read more
Tony Blair attacks Iraq Inquiry as part of Britain 's ' obsession with conspiracy theories '
Tony Blair yesterday launched an extraordinary attack on the Iraq inquiry - as the chairman warned that he and others could be recalled over ' gaps ' in their evidence .
In an outspoken interview in the U.S. , the former prime minister dismissed the inquiry as part of a ' continual desire to sort of uncover some great conspiracy ' .
Speaking on Fox News he said critics of the war were obsessed with conspiracy theories , and refused to accept that his motives were ' genuine ' .
The ' Chilcot conspiracy ' : Tony Blair in America speaking to Fox News about his thoughts on the Iraq Inquiry
Asked about why the inquiry was being held he said : ' There 's always got to be a scandal as to why you hold your view .
' There 's got to be some conspiracy behind it .
Some great , you know , deceit that 's gone on , and people just find it hard to understand that it 's possible for people to have different points of view and hold them reasonably for genuine reasons . '
His attack came as the chairman of the Iraq inquiry hinted that members of Mr Blair 's government may have given misleading evidence or even lied .
In an ominous closing statement yesterday Sir John Chilcot said high - profile evidence from Mr Blair , Alastair Campbell , Jack Straw and others would form only ' one element ' of the inquiry .
Sir John said his team was now studying tens of thousands of secret government documents which he said revealed ' what really went on ' in the build - up to the 2003 invasion .
He said the documents suggested there were ' gaps ' in the evidence the inquiry had heard so far .
Second grilling : Jack Straw arrives at the Iraq Inquiry where he was asked about conversations he had with Colin Powell
Sources yesterday said the inquiry panel was now weighing up whether to order a sensational recall of Mr Blair and other witnesses later this year .
Sir John 's comments suggest he is meticulously matching the claims made by witnesses against Government documents .
They are likely to alarm several former members of Mr Blair 's government who have already given evidence .
Justice Secretary Jack Straw yesterday looked taken aback when he was asked detailed questions about official notes of conversations which apparently showed the U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell had told him the U.S. would invade Iraq ' come what may ' .
Mr Straw initially said he could not ' recollect ' such a conversation but later agreed to consult his records after members of the inquiry made it clear they knew the conversations had taken place .
Sir John yesterday said the documents would form ' the great bulk ' of the evidence considered by the inquiry .
He added : ' They allow us to shine a bright light into seldom seen corners of the government machine , revealing what really went on behind the scenes before , during and after the Iraq conflict .
' Over the next few months we shall examine all the evidence that we have received , including those documents .
That will enable us to see where the evidence joins together and where there are gaps . '
Sir John said the inquiry also hoped to hold talks with former members of the Bush administration .
Sources said the inquiry panel may travel to Washington this year in the hope of meeting senior figures including Colin Powell , former National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice and Judge Alberto Gonzales , who helped persuade Attorney - General Lord Goldsmith to change his mind over the legality of the war .
Gordon Brown and David Miliband will give evidence to the inquiry in the next three to four weeks , after which public hearings will be suspended until after the election .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
As I reported in January , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has begun taking the line that the September 11 , 2001 , attacks by al - Qaeda on New York and Washington were actually stage - managed by US “ Intelligence , ” to create a pretext for American invasions and occupations of Iraq and Afghanistan .
This view is not widely shared among Iranians or Iranian politicians .
Iran itself lost nationals in Afghanistan and Pakistan to assassination by al - Qaeda or the Taliban , and Shiite Hazaras in Afghanistan were massacred by the same forces .
Then - president Mohammad Khatami expressed warm condolences to the US after the attacks , noting that Iran had suffered from terrorism as well .
Iranian young people held candle light vigils for the victims .
Ahmadinejad ’s recent speech to the Iranian Intelligence Ministry reiterates this ‘ truther ’ crackpot conspiracy theory about 9/11 .
The speech also demonstrates a Manichaean vision of history , in which the virtuous Islamic Republic is ranged against the forces of capitalism , which he says was invented by Zionists and which is intrinsically belligerent , war - like , exploitative and genocidal .
( This analysis of the capitalist system as fomenting aggression and war comes not from Shiite theology but from Lenin ’s analysis of the outbreak of World War I , as a capitalist war over control of markets . )
Ahmadinejad ’s looney assertion that capitalism was invented by ‘ Zionists ’ is ridiculous , since capitalism developed in early modern and modern Europe and Zionism as a movement did not amount to anything until the late nineteenth century at the earliest .
But the trope of an essentialist connection between Jews , capitalism and exploitation is a commonplace in the literature of anti-Semitism , and is probably the origin of this bizarre allegation .
Ancient Iran developed the first monotheistic religion , Zoroastrianism , which holds that history is the unfolding of a battle between Ahura Mazda , God , and the evil Ahriman , a satan figure .
The prophet of the new religion was Zarathustra , whom the Greeks called Zoroaster .
The archaic language of the Old Persian ( which is close to Sanskrit ) of Gathas , his scripture , probably places him in the 1200s BC , though there are disputes and some date him hundreds of years later .
Although some speak of Zoroastrianism as dualistic , Ahura Mazda is more powerful than Ahriman and will defeat him in the fullness of time .
Human beings , the creation of Ahura Mazda , play a role in determining how soon the victory comes .
When they lie or commit immoral acts , they aid and abet Ahriman .
When they tell the truth and are virtuous , they aid Ahura Mazda and hasten the advent of the Saoshyant or promised future messiah .
Zoroastrianism invented concepts such as the Last Days , the resurrection of the dead , and an eternal afterlife .
Although Iran converted to Islam gradually ( and mostly willingly ) after the seventh century CE , cultural influences of Zoroastrianism are visible in Iranian Shiite Islam .
Indeed , Zoroastrian ideas probably influenced Judaism and the writing of the Bible during the Babylonian exile , as Iran came to rule Babylonia .
And since the Parthian dynasty of Iran had a presence in Palestine shortly before the advent of Christianity , it is not impossible that Iranian themes influenced that religion , as well .
Ahmadinejad ’s speech not only presents a dualistic war between good Iran and an evil , Ahriman - like United States ( champion of oppressive capitalism ) , but also refers to the Iranian president ’s emphasis on the Shiite Promised One or Imam Mahdi .
He refers to Iran ’s intelligence operatives as the ‘ unknown soldiers ’ of the ‘ Lord of the Age ’ ( i.e. the Mahdi ) , and praises them for capturing Abdul Malik Rigi , the leader of the Sunni Baluch terrorist group Jundullah ( Army of God ) , which has attacked mosques and other sites in the Iranian province of Baluchistan and Sistan in the southeast .
Baluch are Sunnis and many feel oppressed under Persian , Shiite rule ; the province is the poorest in Iran .
Rigi ’s televised confession alleged that he was recruited by high - level CIA and other US intelligence officials and did not strike me as credible as to its details , but it appears to have been widely believed by the Iranian public and to have hurt the image among them of the Obama administration , according to Flynt and Hillary Mann Leverett .
Not only is Ahmadinejad the Iranian equivalent of a truther , he is also the mirror image of the Christian Zionists .
That brand of evangelicals in the US believes that the establishment of Israel throughout geographical Palestine , i.e. the complete annexation of the West Bank and perhaps the expulsion of its Palestinian residents , will hasten the return of Christ .
Ahmadinejad holds the opposite .
It is in his view the collapse of what he calls the Zionist regime and the emergence of a state for all Palestinians , whether Jewish , Christian or Muslim , that will provoke the Promised One to come .
In Shiite Islam , the promised one is the return of the 12th Imam , Muhammad al - Mahdi , the lineal descendant of the Prophet Muhammad .
In Muslim folk belief it is sometimes alleged that when the Mahdi comes , Jesus will also return , and they will join forces to prepare the world for the Judgment Day .
When he was in Damascus on 25 February , Ahmadinejad spoke thusly when meeting with Syrian Muslim clergymen , as broadcast on the official Vision of the Islamic Republic of Iran Network 1 radio channel that day , and translated by the USG Open Source Center :
‘ The day on which the Lord of the Age ( REFERENCE to the 12th Shiite imam ) and Jesus ( peace be upon him ) will come and spread monotheism and justice in the whole world , is close .
Understand this .
The final move has begun .
God willing , with the destruction of the Zionist regime , the prophets ’ mission will be fulfilled .
Today , the settings of the stage for the resurrection of Jesus and endeavors to prepare the ground for the re-appearance of Imam Mahdi , are factors which make up the axis of unity of all those who have faith in the holy prophets . ’
Because there will be a lot of propaganda around all this , I want to underline that Ahmadinejad did not then and has never called for the violent destruction of Israelis or Israel .
He rather expects the ‘ Zionist regime ’ peacefully to collapse , as the Soviet regime in Moscow did .
It is that peaceful collapse that will apparently in his view herald the return of the 12th Imam , the Mahdi , and of Jesus Christ .
Here is the USG Open Source Center translation of Ahmadinejad ’s speech of March 6 , in which he again says that September 11 was a plot of US intelligence services :
Iran : President Ahmadinezhad Says 11 September Attacks ‘ Big Lie ’
IRNA
Saturday , March 6 , 2010
Document Type : OSC Translated Text . . .
Tehran , 6 March : President Mahmud Ahmadinezhad had said :
The arrest of
Abdolmalek Rigi ( the leader of rebel Sunni group Jondollah ) has humiliated the intelligence services of the US , Britain , and the Zionist regime [ by his televised confession that he was working in tandem with the CIA to blow up mosques and other sites in Iranian Baluchistan - JC ] .
Ahmadinezhad , who was speaking at a meeting with the minister , deputy ministers , managers , and personnel of the Intelligence Ministry , congratulated the auspicious birthday anniversary of the prophet of light and compassion , His Holiness Muhammad al - Mustafa ( peace be upon him ) and the birthday anniversary of Imam Sadeq ( Sixth Shi’i imam ) ( peace be upon him ) , IRNA reported on Saturday ( 6 March ) , quoting the presidential website .
He said that the Intelligence Ministry ’s personnel are the best collection of Hezbollahi ( members of Party of God ; meaning pious ) forces and added : Today , the Islamic Republic of Iran ’s intelligence system is the most virtuous intelligence system in the world .
The President said that the Lord of the Age ’s Unknown Soldiers ( intelligence forces ) have a divine and sacred mission .
He said : The Intelligence Ministry should be the most coordinated , organized , powerful , and flowing ( Persian — Ravantarin ) organization in the country .
The President said that the purpose of man ’s creation was to establish a world government based on monotheism and justice .
He added : Throughout history , devils fought against prophets and pious people .
The climax of man ’s fight against devils is taking place in our time .
Today , the devils show that they are gathered at the forefront of the world arrogance .
He added : Man ’s nature is a divine and heavenly one .
When man ’s thought and nature are limited to worldly affairs , then he will have no option but to fall .
The President said that capitalist thoughts have resulted in plundering , bullying , and the killing of mankind ’s essence .
He said : Liberal democracy is the result of a fight between power and wealth .
The US - led world arrogance ’s front against the Islamic Republic is the climax of the fight between the monotheism front and devils .
The head of the Supreme National Security Council said that all vices in history have gathered in the arrogance front .
He said :
The crimes committed by the world arrogant are unprecedented in history .
Today , the heaviest massacre and terrorist actions in the world are carried out by their ( the arrogant of the world ) accomplices by raising the flag of human rights .
Ahmadinezhad said that the materialist thoughts were challenged and Marxism was destroyed after the emergence of the Islamic Republic .
He said :
Thanks to the grace of God , the capitalist system founded by the Zionists has reached the end of its path .
The president added : US invasions and NATO ’s military expedition in the region are merely aimed at saving liberal democracy and the capitalist school of thought .
He said that the September 11 attacks and the demolition of the Twin Towers in the US were a complex scenario carried out by the intelligence ( Persian — Eqdam-e Ettela’ati ) .
He said : The 11 September event was a big lie .
It paved the way for the military expedition to Afghanistan under the pretext of fighting with terrorism .
Ahmadinezhad referred to the arrest of Abodlmalek Rigi by the Soldiers of the Lord of the Age ( the Iranian intelligence forces ) and said :
The arrest of this terrorist bandit has humiliated the intelligence services of the US , Britain , and the Zionist regime . . .
( Description of Source : Tehran IRNA in Persian — Official state - run online news agency , headed as of January 2010 by Ali Akbar Javanfekr , former media adviser to President Ahmadinezhad .
URL : http://www.irna.ir)
End / ( Not Continued )
Dorian Hargrove suffers life - changing skateboard accident Broken skull , broken heart
Inside the Live Wire , it was dark and dingy , and the music was cranked to 11 , just the way I remembered the place .
Only half of the six red vinyl booths were occupied .
Five friends and I took the one at the far end of the narrow bar .
It was n’t much of a celebration , but it was the closest thing to a party I ’d been to since I ’d fallen from a skateboard and landed in a coma , awaking 19 days later with a piece of my skull missing , scars on my arms , and a plastic pipe in my throat .
Two days before entering the small bar in North Park , my doctor had said it was all right to consume an alcoholic beverage , and that is what I was there to do .
“ Your tolerance will be way down .
A half of a beer will feel like three , ” he said .
Heading into the bar , I was nervous .
Nurses had told me I would never be able to drink again , others said I should wait a year , and most all of them warned me that drinking might induce posttraumatic epilepsy .
The nerves remained as I ordered a Bud Light from a dark - haired , tatted - up female bartender .
They were there after my first sip .
I did my best not to think about the anxiety .
Before I knew it , my beer was gone .
My wife Aimee asked me how it tasted .
She had a smile on her face but worry in her big brown eyes .
I had grown accustomed to that look .
I reminded her for the millionth time that I could no longer taste or smell .
She asked how it felt going down .
I said good .
I felt at home sitting in the bar , talking about movies , music , and life .
It had been four months since the day I left the house with my dog ’s leash in one hand and my skateboard in the other .
That day was September 22 , my second wedding anniversary .
It was hot and cloudless , nearing five o’clock , an ideal time to take my dog Artie to the park .
It was something I did nearly every day , and I had the routine down .
I stuffed the essentials into my army green messenger bag : blue ball , water , treats .
I put Artie ’s leash and harness on him , then placed my bag in the front basket of my old Schwinn and hopped on .
Holding his leash in my left hand , we coasted down the driveway and onto the street .
Fifteen feet from my house I squeezed the brake and turned back .
I wanted to skate instead .
That decision changed my life forever .
I grabbed my board and Artie ’s leash .
The brown dog had some energy .
Just moments after leaving the house , he was pulling me at full speed on the rough and rutted pavement .
The wheels did n’t seem to be gripping .
I had speed wobbles .
That day , construction trucks and a Bobcat cluttered the street .
They were tearing up asphalt to replace water mains .
I directed Artie toward the sidewalk .
Artie was again running at full speed .
I crouched to steady myself .
Fifty feet from my house , my wheels stopped at a crack .
I did n’t .
Flying through the air , I looked at my right hand clutching the leash .
That was my last memory before the right side of my forehead met the pavement .
A neighbor , Laurie , found me in the street , clawing at my head , screaming in pain .
Artie stood next to me .
There was no blood .
No sign of injury .
Laurie told me months later that I begged her not to call paramedics .
I just had a headache — I wanted to go home and sleep .
Then I vomited on myself , and she dialed 911 .
When the fire department arrived , I refused service .
I said I was fine , and I could n’t leave my dog .
I threw up a second time .
The firefighters forced me inside the truck and took me to Scripps Mercy Hospital .
I had already been admitted by the time Aimee arrived .
She sat next to me on a bed in the hallway .
She says that I was alert and oriented .
I knew I had fallen , but I assured her that I was n’t injured and insisted on going home .
I was taken to get a CT scan .
The scan revealed bleeding and bruising on the frontal lobes of my brain , and I was moved to the intensive care unit trauma room .
Twenty minutes later , Aimee says I turned into a different person .
I was disoriented and combative .
As time progressed , my confusion turned violent .
I fought the nurses .
I ripped out my IV and stabbed a male nurse with the point .
Aimee says it took nine people to restrain me and enough sedatives to tranquilize a horse .
Intensive care nurses ushered Aimee and my sister , who had driven down from San Marcos , out of the room .
When they returned an hour later , I was in an induced coma ; a blue breathing tube was inserted into my mouth , and a “ tap ” had been put into my head to measure the intracranial pressure , which was high due to swelling in my brain .
The intensive care unit would be my home for the next 19 days .
All I have to go by are the passages in Aimee ’s journal and the nightmarish visions I had each time they tried to lower the sedatives and wake me from the coma .
Day 1 : If the brain swelling goes down he will be here three days , best - case scenario .
Worst - case scenario , he might have part of his skull removed to allow room for the swelling .
Doctors said this is a long road to recovery and we are at the beginning .
They put a tap on his brain to measure the pressure .
The reading was 30 .
Normal is in the low teens .
Day 2 : I signed a release for them to put a direct line into his carotid artery for medicine to control the swelling .
They said they have begun aggressive medical treatment .
I have decided to sit next to his bed full time .
I am now going on 36 hours with no sleep .
I have weird chest pains .
I feel like I am in a dream .
Day 3 , 3:30 p.m. : Dorian ’s family arrived from Colorado .
To prevent further brain damage , doctors removed a four - by - five - inch piece of his skull to allow room for his brain to swell .
Doctors said his skull will be taken to a UCSD tissue bank and kept there until he is ready to have it put back on .
The brain has expanded , and the pressure has come down .
We know that we have made the right decision .
Day 4 : I asked the doctor to come and talk to us .
He said that Dorian suffered major head trauma and patience from us is key to his recovery .
He told us that we have to prepare for a new life , caring for Dorian .
He said that Dorian will be different , but to what extent and for how long no one will know until he wakes up .
He ended the discussion by telling us that Dorian is “ not out of the woods yet . ”
Day 5 : I am having a hard time holding it together .
Day 6 : He has contracted pneumonia .
Now his body is fighting two things .
They said they have to treat his pneumonia , but when they do , the pressure in his brain goes up .
Day 7 : Dorian ’s intracranial pressures are high today .
I am so scared .
Why are n’t they going down ?
Doctors say if the pressure does n’t go down they will remove another portion of his skull .
They also fear that the medicine might send him into renal failure .
They took him off sedatives to check his responsiveness .
No response .
Day 8 : It ’s official : I think Dorian ’s family is falling apart .
Day 9 : He ’s developed another case of pneumonia … more ice baths .
Day 11 : Dorian is doing better today .
He is on lower sedation .
His pressure is in the low 20s .
The nurses are smiling at me .
He opened his eyes .
Day 12 : Dorian looks even better today .
Sedation has also been taken down .
In a sense , they are trying to waken him a bit .
His intracranial pressure is way down , and the nurses have not had to do any medication .
They decreased the morphine .
Day 13 : Today , Dorian woke up .
Yeah !
He was responsive and breathing so they took his ventilator tube out .
He asked for me .
I came running , and he said , “ I love you .
Where ’s Artie ? ”
His voice sounded funny , and he was agitated .
An hour later , his throat closed .
They had to perform an emergency intubation .
He almost died .
He is back in the coma .
My heart is broken .
I think about all the things we wo n’t be able to do , and it makes me so sad .
We were going to start a family .
We just bought a Volkswagen camper van .
We were going to travel , write , and I was going to take pictures .
Why is this happening to us ?
Day 14 : Dorian was given a tracheotomy .
When they wake him next time he wo n’t be agitated from the ventilator tube and his vocal cords wo n’t be damaged .
He ’s going to hate this .
He ’s always been so sensitive about his throat .
They also started him on a psych drug that will ease the wake - up process .
There is a student in here now and they are teaching her about neuro patients .
That ’s what they call Dorian , a neuro patient .
It was on day 15 that I started to have visions .
The visions all were about my unquenchable thirst .
After the tracheotomy I could n’t talk for a couple of days .
I remember pointing at a large glass of iced tea that was feet from my bed .
I did everything to get to it .
I tried to wave down the faceless people in the room to get them to pay attention to me .
I tried to grab the glass of tea myself .
Each time I tried , the wind would be taken from me .
I imagined that one of the guys in the room punched me in the chest each time I tried to get up .
I later was told that the tea I reached for was a cup full of my own urine .
On day 18 , Aimee says that she brought me a dry - erase board and I wrote a whole paragraph .
It was mostly illegible , but she could read one sentence : “ Get me the f* out of here . ”
Nineteen days after my fall , I awoke for good , 25 pounds lighter , missing the right side of my skull , and fitted with a blue plastic tube in my throat .
Still requiring constant supervision and still on morphine , I was transferred to a “ safe room ” on the tenth floor .
My mind and body felt numb .
I had no strength .
I had no clear thoughts .
I felt drunker than I had ever been — everyone and everything seemed in an alternate reality .
Two older men shared the hospital room with me .
My bed faced theirs .
I stared at them , trying to process the surrounding environment .
One man had a bandage wrapped around the top of his head .
The other had dark lesions on his face .
He shot strange expressions my way if I stared too long , like the ones an adult might give a baby that ’s on the verge of tears .
I remember him staring at me while pounding his head with a soft , axe - shaped toy .
No one else saw this .
The second day on the tenth floor , a male nurse arrived holding what appeared to be a small metal crowbar .
I felt the bar inch along the top of my head , and then I felt a pain rip through my skull .
Another pain , half an inch from the first .
I yelled as he pulled out large metal staples .
The staples , 30 in all , had been used instead of sutures to hold my scalp together .
After the doctor had removed the piece of skull to allow my swelling brain to expand , he ’d laid Gore - tex over my brain and pulled my scalp back in place , reattaching it with the staples .
As the staples scraped my skull and tore through my skin , I cried out so loud that the nurse stopped , and a doctor was called in the next day to finish the job .
It was the only real feeling I had in 21 days .
The next day , staples removed , two young paramedics placed me on a gurney and pushed me through the hallways of the tenth floor and into an elevator .
They said they were taking me to Alvarado Hospital ’s rehabilitation institute in the College Area .
Once inside the institute ’s lobby , they transferred me from the gurney to a wheelchair .
Aimee walked alongside as a heavyset nurse pushed me through the hallways .
I wore a maroon helmet for protection .
I had no idea what I needed protection from .
The hospital reminded me of the asylum in One Flew Over the Cuckoo ’s Nest .
It looked old and dilapidated .
When we arrived at my room , the nurse helped me onto the bed .
I felt dizzy each time I moved .
I barely had the strength to lift my arm .
Although I ’d been taken off the morphine and sedatives , the drugs were still in my system .
I believed I was working on assignment , undercover .
I told the nurse that the exposé focused on the bureaucracy of healthcare .
She laughed .
After she left the room , Aimee , my mom , and my older brother stood near my bedside .
They looked tired .
They stared at me with glossy eyes .
I thought they were overreacting .
Later that day , I rose from my bed and shuffled toward the bathroom .
I placed my palms on the walls for support .
My legs and right arm trembled .
I took off my helmet in front of the mirror .
It was the first time I ’d seen my reflection since the fall .
The right side of my head was missing .
Scraggly brown hair covered the left side .
I had no hair on the right , just a large crater and a dark red scar running along the crater ’s edge , from the top of my forehead , back above my ear , and then toward my face .
A large pocket of fluid and tendon , cut during the surgery , bulged through the skin in front of my ear .
My beard and mustache hairs were long , wiry , and out of control .
I looked at my throat and at the blue plastic pipe stuck inside .
It looked as if a kazoo were lodged in my neck .
I was oblivious to what had happened .
I stood there and stared , detached and devoid of emotion .
On the second day , I met my doctor .
He was an arrogant , smug man in his 50s .
He had long , slicked - back gray hair .
I hated him at first sight .
I hated the new shiny black shoes he wore .
I hated that he looked at me as some long - haired , tatted - up skate punk , as if I deserved to be in the condition I was in .
He told me I needed to see the throat specialist .
Two hours later , Aimee wheeled me up to the specialist ’s office on the fifth floor .
We waited inside for 15 minutes .
I stared at the posters inside the examination room .
They featured drawings of tubes inside throats .
Then a doctor in his early 40s entered the room .
His gray and black hair was long and wavy , tucked behind both ears .
He asked about my accident .
We talked about skateboarding and surfing .
I saw his hand reach toward my throat as he talked .
He grasped the blue pipe without giving me notice .
I felt it shift inside my neck , and as he pulled the trach tube out , it felt like a slug crawling up my trachea .
The tube was white and perhaps eight inches long .
Brown and white phlegm coated its sides .
I felt cold air enter the open hole .
The doctor bandaged the hole and told me to put two fingers over it when I spoke .
He told me it would close in two days .
The next two nights , I would wake up gasping for breath .
When I inhaled , I could hear air escape , a whistling through my neck .
I had dreams that the opening never closed and I had to clean it with Q - tips and alcohol for the rest of my life .
I started physical therapy the following day .
My therapist , fresh out of college , was a short , amiable Asian - American male .
On our way to the hospital gym , he walked by my side .
“ Did you always walk like this , crossing one foot in front of the other ? ” he asked .
“ Yeah , ” I answered .
“ I used to be a runway model . ”
During that first session , I realized my balance was gone .
I could n’t walk in a straight line .
I could n’t balance on one leg .
The therapist did not tell me why .
I did n’t find out for two weeks that my vestibular system , the part of the brain that controls balance , had been damaged in the fall .
An hour later , I had occupational therapy .
A therapist scattered plastic objects of different shapes in front of me next to a game board that had cutouts of the same shapes .
She asked me to fit the pieces into the matching slots .
Despite a little tremble in my right arm , I was able to do this .
My therapist looked surprised , and then she seemed unsure of the next task .
I began to get the impression that the staff did n’t know anything about brain injuries .
I slowly realized that they had no way to know how badly my brain was damaged .
My doctors and therapists were playing the waiting game to see what symptoms might arise .
Every other day , my doctor dropped by my room for minute - long checkups .
He said nothing about my condition , nothing about my strengths and weaknesses .
My disdain for him intensified .
He never told me what to expect .
I started a blog and wrote about him .
“ This is n’t just about my middle - aged doctor , who seems to be too busy battling his midlife crisis by gelling his hair and looking for new slick black leather shoes , ” I wrote in my blog , six days after waking from the coma .
“ This is about being a number , a policy number .
This is about being nothing more than a bed - filler at night .
Since admittance , I have not been properly evaluated , nor have I been given information on my injury , a prognosis , nothing .
Money and insurance rule this place .
So much so , the patient is only an obstacle , and a nag .
I guess that ’s what I am . ”
The next day , I collected my belongings .
Aimee and my mom , sister , and brother begged me to stay .
They said I was delusional .
I did n’t believe them and started to walk to the elevator , down the cream - colored linoleum floors , past a large meeting room that looked as if it had n’t changed since the swinging ’ 70s .
My case manager stopped me in the hallway .
I said I would leave if I did n’t get a new doctor .
She agreed .
When I awoke the following morning I was more lucid .
Things seemed in focus .
I asked Aimee about my injury .
She did her best to tell me about my condition .
Maybe the morphine was out of my system .
I began to understand the gravity of what I had been through and what my wife and family had been through .
I told Aimee I wanted to help people .
I told her I wanted to speak to kids about wearing helmets .
I apologized to Aimee for what I had put her through .
I told her that I was selfish .
I vowed to become a better husband .
I cried at the thought of her sitting by my bedside for 19 days while I was in a coma , reading to me and singing Wilco songs .
I promised to embrace life , and her , more , instead of embracing the dark side , the Charles Bukowski image that I conjured up about what a writer should be .
I promised her that I would change , not just for her but for myself and for everyone around me .
But , instead , in the days that followed , I grew irritable and depressed .
I could n’t control the anger , and I was unable to break the sadness .
My hands began to tremble uncontrollably .
I had no focus .
I could n’t read for more than a minute .
I tried to post entries in my blog each day , but I had little to write .
As the wound from the tracheotomy healed and I began to eat more solid food , I realized that I had lost my sense of taste and smell .
My new doctor and I met for the first time .
He told me that more symptoms would appear as my brain healed , as my neural pathways reconnected .
It was the first time that anyone told me it would get worse before it got better .
I felt relieved to know what to expect .
Two days later , my sixth day at Alvarado , after solving more puzzles for therapists and trying to walk down more straight lines , with no new information about my injury or my recovery , I was released .
Suddenly , I was back home .
I spent most of the next week and a half sitting in my big brown leather chair , feet propped up on the matching ottoman , staring at movies and bad TV .
My head felt as though my brain were swollen , as though someone had pumped air into my skull .
The feeling of pressure increased with fatigue .
I was lightheaded , and I had no balance .
When I stood up , no matter how slowly , I ’d get dizzy .
The red scar along my head itched nonstop .
I ’d scratch it and feel the rough , thick edge of my skull .
It dropped off about an inch to the inside of my head , which was protected only by my scalp and Gore -tex .
The skin over the area where my skull was missing felt like a plastic balloon .
If I pushed down on it , it would give , like the palm of your hand but without as much muscle .
I did n’t push down too hard , scared that I would touch my brain .
Aimee and I battled over wearing the helmet , which I was supposed to put on when I got up from the chair .
I considered wearing the helmet to the bathroom weak , and I did n’t want to be weak .
Early on , stepping down three stairs , my legs buckled and I nearly fell .
Aimee started crying immediately .
After that , I did n’t have the strength to argue , and I did n’t want to upset her any more than she already was .
Every day , I woke up dizzy , irritable , and in a darker depression than the day before .
I often wished that I had died .
I was scared that I would n’t be as smart .
I was frightened that my brain would be damaged for the rest of my life , that I would never again do the things I liked to do , such as surfing , skating , playing guitar , and writing .
Shooting pains fired in my right arm .
Nerve damage had finally showed up from fighting through the restraints .
By seven o’clock every evening , I felt as if my brain were giving birth to an alien .
The bulge of muscle and fluid near my ear was the alien ’s womb .
It pounded and swelled .
A few minutes later my mind and body would crash .
I could n’t move , think , or talk .
I just sat there like a big pile of nothing , as though I were in a vegetative state .
Aimee was constantly by my side , asking if I needed anything , trying to look strong .
She would call through the bathroom door while I was in the tub , making sure that I was all right .
Sometimes , sitting silently in my chair , I ’d look over to see tears streaming down her face .
My third day back from the hospital , Aimee and I walked to the Uptown District Shopping Center to fill a prescription .
We stopped at the Blockbuster to get more movies .
The music inside the store made my head spin — I felt confused , overwhelmed , and dizzy — and I told Aimee I ’d wait outside .
As I sat in front , wearing my maroon helmet , I heard someone yelling , “ Hey , helmet head .
Helmet man .
Nice helmet . ”
I looked over and saw a guy in his mid-20s wearing baggy jeans and a large yellow T - shirt .
He was cupping his hand over his mouth , laughing .
“ Go into a coma and see what you come out looking like , asshole , ” I snapped back .
He turned around and walked away .
Rage filled my mind .
My right arm began to shake .
The brief tantrum sapped all of my energy , and I barely had the strength to walk home .
On October 28 , I was admitted into Sharp Hospital ’s Community Reentry Program for outpatient rehab .
I was given neuropsych tests .
The technician , a young guy in his 20s with long blond hair and a shaggy blond beard , asked me to draw a cube .
I could n’t .
He asked me to repeat 12 words .
He said them out loud and waited a few seconds before asking me to repeat them .
It took me four tries to get all 12 .
I could n’t do long division .
I thought I was stupid and inept .
I realized that my brain was more damaged than I had thought .
The next day at rehab , a young man in his late 20s sat next to me in a wheelchair .
His eyes wandered around in his eye sockets .
A puffy red scar ran from his left earlobe to his left nostril .
His dad flashed brightly colored objects in front of his face .
Occasionally , he ’d guess the right color .
When he did , everyone around him cheered .
He introduced himself to me later that day .
His name was Chris .
He asked me what had happened to me .
I told him my story .
He went into his .
He was asleep one night when someone he did n’t know broke into his apartment and butchered him and his girlfriend with a hatchet .
His girlfriend survived .
He died twice that night , but each time doctors resuscitated him .
“ I ’m so sorry to hear that happened to you , ” I said .
“ It ’s okay .
You have to try and stay positive , and each day you see some progress .
It just takes time , ” he said .
I could n’t believe what I was hearing .
I was upset that I could n’t do long division , and this man , whose injuries seemed so much worse than mine , was telling me to stay positive .
I began to think how fortunate I was to be able to walk , talk , swallow , and see .
Later that day , at a trauma checkup at Scripps , a nurse recognized me from my time in the intensive care unit .
She was shocked at my present condition .
She said that she and the other nurses did n’t think I would survive , let alone come out in the state I was in .
That , and the conversation with Chris in rehab , made me realize how close I had come to dying .
It gave me a perspective and insight that I had lacked since waking from the coma .
I began to appreciate my second chance and vowed to focus on the positive and not get hung up on the negative .
At Sharp rehab , a month after waking from the coma , I finally learned about the damage that was inflicted on my frontal lobe .
The area of the brain that I injured acts as the brain ’s emotional filter , or as my neurologist explained it , the frontal lobe acts as the conductor of the orchestra .
My neuropsychological tests revealed that out of a peer group of 100 healthy people — same age , same education , no brain trauma — I scored above average in most categories .
I came in fourth from the bottom in spatial orientation .
My visual memory was weak , as was my ability to adapt to new tasks .
My neurologist said that depression , irritability , and a lack of focus would worsen as my recovery progressed , a recovery that could take years .
Now , six months after the fall , I see how right my neurologist was .
I ’ve started to write again .
The missing piece of my skull has been reattached .
I go to see bands play , and I go out for dinner — a waste of money considering I ca n’t taste it .
I am back surfing .
But I am not the same person .
I notice new things every day .
I see blanks where thoughts once were .
Not a day goes by that I do n’t think about the injury .
That positive mind - set and renewed insight are difficult to hold on to when the depression and irritability take over .
Post–brain injury , everything — not just minor accomplishments but also small setbacks — gets blown out of proportion .
Insignificant physical feats are treated as record - breaking achievements .
A mistake on a math question is evidence of permanent brain damage .
A minor headache could be the onset of a posttraumatic epileptic fit .
The people around me react the same .
If I take a nap during the day , Aimee congratulates me and praises me for changing gears and resting .
One day , I hope to speak to kids about wearing helmets .
I think that if I can persuade one kid to put on a helmet before skating then something good will have come from my misfortune .
Despite the desire , I ca n’t concentrate long enough to write out my presentation and I do n’t have the energy to take on a new venture .
Occasionally , I think of the promise I made to Aimee that day in the hospital .
I try to show her how much I appreciate her and how sorry I am for what I ’ve put her through , but my irritability , caused by the brain injury , prevents me .
I hate to think that I am returning to my former self : a self - centered , self - absorbed person who went skateboarding one day without a helmet because he considered helmets uncool and unnecessary , a person who fails to appreciate the second chance .
I hate to think that I am just another ingrate caught up in the trivialities of life .
I hate to think that even a major blow to the head and a near - death experience are n’t enough to bring about change .
Strength training combines better with endurance training than with interval training
If you want to build your muscles and also lose fat , then it's not such a strange idea to combine strength training and endurance training .
At least , you may reach this conclusion after reading the results a study from the University of Copenhagen , soon to be published in Medicine & Science in Sports & Exercise .
The study compares the effects of 12 weeks of interval training , strength training and endurance training .
The researchers wanted to know more about the health effects of these three types of training , so they got 36 untrained men with an average age of 31 to train 3 times a week .
Interval training consisted of a warming up followed by five 2 - minute sessions in which the subjects ran at an intensity of more than 95 percent of their maximal heart rate .
Each training session lasted about 20 minutes .
The subjects in the endurance - training group ran three times a week for an hour at 65 percent of their VO2max .
The subjects in the strength training group only trained their legs , and did squats , hack squats , leg presses , leg extensions , leg curls and calf raises .
For the first 4 weeks the subjects used weights for which they could manage 12 - 16 reps .
For the last 8 weeks the subjects used weights for which they could manage no more than 6 - 10 reps .
After 12 weeks it emerged that the interval training was most beneficial for cardiovascular health .
The maximal oxygen uptake ( VO2 max ) rose by twice as much in the interval - training group than in the endurance - training group .
Insulin sensitivity improved equally in the interval group and the endurance group .
When it came to cholesterol – and therefore the chance of developing cardiovascular disease in the long term – endurance training scored better .
The relationship between ‘ good ’ [ HDL ] and ‘ bad ’ cholesterol [ LDL ] improved most in the group that ran for an hour 3 times a week at a moderate speed .
The fat free mass – in other words the muscle mass – increased most in the strength - training group .
Fat mass decreased most in the endurance - training group .
The table below summarises the changes in the body composition of the test subjects .
Interval training Endurance training Strength training Body weight - 1.4 kg - 1.0 kg* +1,7 kg* Fat percentage - 0.5 % - 1.7 %* +0.4 % Fat - free mass +0.0 kg +0.6 kg +1.8 kg* Bone mass +0.07 kg +0.04 kg +0.06 kg *
Interval training has been a hype for years , and it's not surprising if you consider that you gain positive effects in a short amount of time .
But the researchers put the interval hype into perspective .
" The intense low volume training regimen had limitations and for the short - term intervention period it was less effective than prolonged training in relation to the treatment of hyperlipidemia and obesity " , they write .
" Furthermore 12 weeks of interval training had no impact on muscle mass or leg bone mass , whereas strength training besides increasing the subjects muscle mass also provided a significant osteogenic stimulus . "
An hour ’s running at a moderate speed might be a bit too much of a good thing for natural bodybuilders .
Studies have shown that running for longer than 40 - 45 minutes breaks down muscle tissue .
[ Eur J Appl Physiol .
2005 Aug;94(5-6):505-13 . ]
Researchers report good results in bodybuilders that run a couple of times a week for 40 minutes after their regular strength training .
[ J Appl Physiol .
1998 Aug;85(2):695-700 . ]
Source :
Med Sci Sports Exerc. 2010 Feb 26 .
[ Epub ahead of print ] .
More :
Do your cardio after weight training and burn more fat 03.03.2010
Did you enjoy looking at 20 Stunning High Speed Photography shots ?
While all these exploding fruits look really cool , some of the most beautiful shots come from high - speed water photographers .
I want you to meet Lindend Gledhill and A.Connah , guys who explore the world of liquids with their heavily equipped cameras bringing us these breathtaking frozen moments .
At first , I thought they get these shots simply by mixing some paint with water and than dripping it while manually trying to catch the very best moments with a hand - held camera .
But the truth is that photographers use sound vibrations to generate drops and professional electronic flash triggers sensitive enough to detect a clear water drop or a bullet traveling at over 1,300 km / hour .
“ Cognisys , Inc ( http://www.cognisys-inc.com) is a leading provider of high - speed photography synchronization equipment .
Products such as StopShot are widely used for water drops , insects , ballistics , and food photography .
Three independent output channels allow the user to synchronize events ( via infrared , laser , or audio sensors ) in virtually any possible configuration – from 50 millionths of a second up to 24 hours . ”
So theory aside , let ’s freeze the motion for a while , and enjoy these Colorful High - Speed Water Figures .
Linden Gledhill
( Bamboos for ©linden . g )
A.Connah ( Water On a Speaker )
( Bamboos for © A. Connah )
Did you like what you just saw ?
Want more ?
Subscribe .
Scene from 2009 Movies & Music in the Park / Star Tribune photo by Jeff Wheeler
Make another plan for Monday nights this summer .
Walker Art Center has canceled Movies & Music in the Park , the longtime Monday - night outdoor series that paired live bands with cult and classic movies in Minneapolis .
In a statement , Walker said , that " due to the density of programming being organized by the Walker , Music & Movies in Loring Park will take a hiatus this summer . "
This would have been the 34th year of the free music - and - film series in the park .
The Walker said it wants to focus instead on other warm - weather events , including ones at its new Open Field , a plaza along Vineland Place where it plans a cafe , performance , beer garden , art , design , music and more .
Last year 's movies all featured Paul Newman , starting with him and Elizabeth Taylor in " Cat On A Hot Tin Roof , " a show that was memorably interrupted by a downpour that sent hundreds fleeing the park .
The bands last year were Halloween , Alaska , Roma di Luna , Gospel Gossip and Times New Viking .
Add comments here about your own M & M memories .
A new species of monitor lizard has been discovered by an international team of biologists in the Sierra Madres of the northern Philippines .
The new species has been given a new scientific name -- Varanus bitatawa -- in recognition of its distinctiveness .
Scientists first became aware of the new species when biologists conducting surveys in the Sierra Madre Range photographed an Agta hunter with an animal he had captured for food .
Several years later , the first specimens were obtained by Mr. Roldan Dugay and Dr. Arvin Diesmos , curator of herpetology at the national museum , Manila .
" Apparently the new species is an important source of protein indigenous peoples groups in Isabella and Aurora Provinces , " said Dr. Diesmos .
However , it was only last year that a joint University of Kansas - National Museum of the Philippines expedition to Aurora Province yielded a large , adult specimen , and good DNA samples .
The scientific description of this reptile has been published this week in Biology Letters , an international journal published by the Royal Society of London .
According to the description , the Northern Sierra Madre Forest Monitor grows up to 2 meters long , displays bright yellow and black stripes and spots across its back , and eats mainly fruit and snails .
Through the analysis of its physical features and its DNA , scientists have determined that it is distinct but closely related to two other fruit - eating monitor lizards in the Philippines .
It is also different from the more common meat - eating water monitor lizard or Bayawak .
The new species is more secretive and spends most of its time up on trees in the forests of the Northern Sierra Madre mountain range of Luzon .
Luke Welton , a graduate student at the University of Kansas and one of the coauthors of the scientific description , was one of the first biologists to see a living Northern Sierra Madre Monitor Lizard in Aurora Province .
" I knew as soon as I saw the animal that it was something special , " said Welton .
" I had seen specimens of the other two species of fruit eating monitors , but neither of the other known species are nearly as spectacular as the Northern Sierra Madre Forest Monitor . "
Giant fruit - eating monitor lizards are found only in the Philippines .
The Northern Sierra Madre Monitor Lizard is known among local Aurora Province residents as Butikaw .
Another species , Gray 's monitor lizard , is known as the Butaan by people in southern Luzon , Bicol , Catanduañes , and the Polillo island group .
The other fruit eating monitor lizard from Panay Island is locally known as Mabitang .
All three giant fruit - eating monitor lizard species are threatened by destruction of their forest habitats and , to a lesser degree , by hunting for their meat and the pet trade .
" We hope that by focusing on protection of this new monitor , conservation biologists and policy makers can work together to protect the remaining highly imperiled forests of northern Luzon , " said Dr. Rafe Brown , leader of the team that discovered the new species and curator - in - charge of the Herpetology Division , University of Kansas Biodiversity Institute .
" The new species can serve as a convenient ' Flagship Species ' for conservation , focusing the attention of the public and affording protection to many unrelated species if its habitat is preserved , " Dr. Brown added .
Details Created : 06 December 2017
In this article we look at how to not only catch big trends but how to hold them with confidence and not bank out early .
We also looking at trading with totial focus ...
Read more ...
A powerful jet from a supermassive black hole is blasting a nearby galaxy in the system known as 3C321 ( Image : ( NASA / CXC/ CfA / D.
Evans et al. ; Optical / UV : NASA / STScI ; Radio : NSF / VLA /CfA /D.Evans et al. , STFC / JBO / MERLIN )
Massive black holes may be kicking the life out of galaxies by ripping out their vital gaseous essence , leaving reddened galactic victims scattered throughout the universe .
While the case is not yet closed , new research shows that these black holes have at least the means to commit the violent crime .
It was already known that “ supermassive ” black holes at the centre of most galaxies sometimes emit vast amounts of radiation .
But nobody had a good idea how common such violence is .
A snapshot of the universe does n’t give enough information to judge this because the activity of the black holes is thought to be intermittent , depending on how much nearby matter they have to feed on .
Now a team of astronomers have compiled a chronicle of activity going back deep into cosmic history , using the orbiting Chandra telescope to spot X - rays emitted by the black holes together with images from Hubble to look at their host galaxies .
Previous surveys with less sensitive instruments were unable to spot the distant faint sources picked up by Chandra and Hubble .
The team now have a set of galaxies reaching 13 billion light years .
Advertisement
The team calculate that at least a third of all big galaxies have contained a supermassive black hole emitting at least 10 billion times as much power as the sun , typically for as much as a billion years .
No more babies
Such violence releases enough energy to heat up galactic gas and even blast it right out of the galaxy .
Stars are only born in clouds of cool gas , so you end up with a galaxy that is effectively dead , dominated by old red stars instead of the bright blue young stars that grace a “ living ” spiral galaxy like the Milky Way .
The black holes could be responsible for many of the dead , red galaxies seen in the universe .
Most red galaxies are thought to be created when galaxies collide , which could help to feed the central black holes of the merging galaxies , switching on their deadly X - ray emissions .
Violent black holes could also explain the existence of isolated lens - shaped galaxies , which do not seem to have suffered major collisions .
Still , it remains unknown how much power the black hole actually channels into galactic gas , says team member Asa Bluck of the University of Nottingham , UK .
“ So we have not proved that this is the dominant galaxy killer , ” he told New Scientist .
“ But it is now the prime suspect in most cases of galaxy death . ”
The research was presented at the Royal Astronomical Society National Astronomy Meeting in Glasgow , UK .
Get the stories that matter to you sent straight to your inbox with our daily newsletter .
Subscribe
Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
A SPACECRAFT orbiting Saturn has captured an unusual view of one of the planet 's moons that looks like Pac - Man .
The Cassini craft took the snap of the tiny moon Mimas making it look exactly like the 1980s video games icon .
The picture shows temperature differences across Mimas , which is just 250 miles across .
Previously the large impact crater on the moon had earned it a different nickname .. the Death Star , after the space station in Star Wars .
Scientists are unable to explain why the moon 's surface should show such differences .
News has emerged of a secret US military programme intended to let troops navigate about inside huge underground enemy tunnel complexes by measuring energy pulses given off by lightning bolts .
The project is known as " Sferics - Based Underground Geolocation " , or S - BUG , and is focused on building " a mapping and navigation system that provides Global Positioning System ( GPS ) equivalent accuracy in underground environments " .
GPS signals from US military satellites are used in millions of smartphones , car sat navs and other gadgets worldwide , but they do n't work without clear line - of - sight to the satellites - in other words without an unobstructed view of the sky .
Meanwhile , it seems , other US satellites - the vast fleet of sky spies operated by the American intelligence and military communities - have driven more and more people and things of interest to disappear underground .
Unfortunately for the US spooks , tunnelling and subterranean engineering in general have become much cheaper in recent times , making this easier to do .
Not only does a deep tunnel complex shield an organisation from the prying orbital eyes , it is also good protection against a sudden bombing raid of the sort which destroyed Iraq 's Osirak reactor in 1981 or smashed a possible nuclear facility of some kind in Syria during 2006 .
Thus the world 's superweapon projects , secret bases , command and control HQs etc have tended to move underground more and more : and thus the US military / spook / special - ops community has tended to ponder subterranean operations more and more .
Naturally , when wondering how to navigate deep below the Earth 's surface in a hollowed - out lair where a secret superweapon is being fashioned for the purpose of holding the world to ransom , there 's only one federal agency to call : DARPA , the maverick Pentagon gadgeteers who among other things created the most successful vehicle for the distribution of pornography the world has ever known *.
DARPA boffins have noted that one of the few kinds of wireless signal which can penetrate underground is low - frequency radio .
Unfortunately such signals are quite hard to generate at the required power levels .
A network of lo -freq RF nav stations widespread enough to offer decent accuracy would probably be impossible to deploy .
But the right kind of signals are generated naturally by lightning strikes , which cause the emission of " atmospheric " ( " sferic " or " spheric " ) radio pulses .
An underground receiver could perhaps be built capable of detecting sferics from lightning bolts hitting the surface hundreds of miles away .
It could be informed of the positions of the strikes over LF comms by a single specialised surface base station , similarly far off , and thus calculate its own position from sferic data coming in from several directions .
Hence S - BUG , which was reportedly the subject of a small DARPA feasibility investigation last year .
Evidently this indicated that S - BUG might just possibly be feasible , as the agency is now to hold a conference ( mostly classified SECRET ) for tech firms interested in taking the project forward .
Doubtless it 's merely a coincidence that DARPA has lately started up another project , NIMBUS , aimed at triggering artificial lightning . ®
* The internet .
Outrage over Lax Security Prisoner Murders Girlfriend During Conjugal Visit
A prisoner convicted of rape and murder killed his girlfriend during a conjugal visit at a German prison on Sunday .
It is the latest in a series of incidents involving apparently lax security at German jails , and has sparked sharp criticism of prison authorities .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A dog from Shropshire who was crowned the world 's oldest canine has been put to sleep after suffering from stomach cancer .
Otto , a Dachshund terrier cross from Reabrook , Shrewsbury , was 20 years and 11 months old .
He was recognised as the oldest living dog by Guinness World Records in October and enjoyed playing ball with neighbours ' children until recently .
His owners Lynn and Peter Jones said he was a " loveable , affectionate rogue " .
' Had enough '
Mrs Jones , who has had Otto since he was six months old , said she had been crying all day .
" We found out yesterday he had a very large tumour in his stomach and last night I felt he was trying to tell us something .
" He could n't sit or lie down comfortably and he was trying to tell us that he'd had enough , so we made the decision to end his suffering and took him to the vet this morning , " she said .
She added that she felt like she had lost her right arm .
Many tributes have since been added to Otto's Facebook page .
5 things you did n't know about ...
The Java 6 Collections API , Part 1
Customize and extend Java Collections
Content series :
This content is part # of # in the series : 5 things you did n't know about ...
Stay tuned for additional content in this series .
This content is part of the series : 5 things you did n't know about ...
Stay tuned for additional content in this series .
The Java Collections API came to many Java developers as a much needed replacement for the standard Java array and all of its shortcomings .
Associating Collections primarily with ArrayList is n't a mistake , but there 's much more to the Collections for those who go looking .
About this series
So you think you know about Java programming ?
The fact is , most developers scratch the surface of the Java platform , learning just enough to get the job done .
In this series , Ted Neward digs beneath the core functionality of the Java platform to uncover little known facts that could help you solve even the stickiest programming challenges .
Similarly , while the Map ( and its oft - chosen implementation , HashMap ) are great for doing name - value or key - value pairs , there 's no reason to limit yourself to these familiar tools .
You can fix a lot of error prone code with the right API , or even the right Collection .
This second article in the 5 things series is the first of several devoted to Collections , because they 're so central to what we do in Java programming .
I 'll start at the beginning with a look at the quickest ( but possibly not the most common ) ways to do everyday things , like swapping out Array s for List s.
After that we 'll delve into lesser known stuff , like writing a custom Collections class and extending the Java Collections API .
1. Collections trump arrays
Developers new to Java technology may not know that arrays were originally included in the language to head - off performance criticism from C++ developers back in the early 1990s .
Well , we 've come a long way since then , and the array 's performance advantages generally come up short when weighed against those of the Java Collections libraries .
Dumping array contents into a string , for example , requires iterating through the array and concatenating the contents together into a String ; whereas , the Collections implementations all have a viable toString ( ) implementation .
Except for rare cases , it 's good practice to convert any array that comes your way to a collection as quickly as possible .
Which then begs the question , what 's the easiest way to make the switch ?
As it turns out , the Java Collections API makes it easy , as shown in Listing 1 :
Listing 1 . ArrayToList
import java.util .* ; public class ArrayToList { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { //
This gives us nothing good System.out.println ( args ) ; // Convert args to a List of String List < String > argList = Arrays.asList(args ) ; // Print them out System.out.println(argList ) ; } }
Note that the returned List is unmodifiable , so attempts to add new elements to it will throw an UnsupportedOperationException .
And , because Arrays.asList ( ) uses a varargs parameter for elements to add into the List , you can also use it to easily create List s out of new ed objects .
2. Iterating is inefficient
It 's not uncommon to want to move the contents of one collection ( particularly one that was manufactured out of an array ) over into another collection or to remove a small collection of objects from a larger one .
You might be tempted to simply iterate through the collection and add or remove each element as it's found , but do n't .
Iterating , in this case , has major disadvantages :
It would be inefficient to resize the collection with each add or remove .
There 's a potential concurrency nightmare in acquiring a lock , doing the operation , and releasing the lock each time .
There 's the race condition caused by other threads banging on your collection while the add or remove is taking place .
You can avoid all of these problems by using addAll or removeAll to pass in the collection containing the elements you want to add or remove .
3 . For loop through any Iterable
The enhanced for loop , one of the great conveniences added to the Java language in Java 5 , removed the last barrier to working with Java Collections .
Before , developers had to manually obtain an Iterator , use next ( ) to obtain the object pointed to from the Iterator , and check to see if more objects were available via has Next ( ) .
Post Java 5 , we 're free to use a for - loop variant that handles all of the above silently .
Actually , this enhancement works with any object that implements the Iterable interface , not just Collections .
Listing 2 shows one approach to making a list of children from a Person object available as an Iterator .
Rather than handing out a reference to the internal List ( which would enable callers outside the Person to add kids to your family — something most parents would find uncool ) , the Person type implements Iterable .
This approach also enables the enhanced for loop to walk through the children .
Listing 2 . Ehanced for loop :
Show me your children
// Person.java import java.util.* ; public class Person implements Iterable < Person > { public Person ( String fn , String ln , int a , Person ... kids ) { this .
firstName = fn ; this .lastName = ln ; this .age = a ; for ( Person child : kids ) children.add ( child ) ; } public String getFirstName ( ) { return this .
firstName ; } public String getLastName ( ) { return this .lastName ; } public int getAge ( ) { return this .age ; } public Iterator < Person > iterator ( ) { return children.iterator ( ) ; } public void setFirstName ( String value ) { this .
firstName = value ; } public void setLastName ( String value ) { this .
lastName = value ; } public void setAge ( int value ) { this .age = value ; } public String toString ( ) { return " [ Person : " + " firstName= " + firstName + " " + " lastName= " + lastName + " " + " age= " + age + " ] " ; } private String firstName ; private String lastName ; private int age ; private List < Person > children = new ArrayList < Person >( ) ; } // App.java public class App { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) {
Person ted = new Person ( " Ted " , " Neward " , 39 , new Person ( " Michael " , " Neward " , 16 ) , new Person ( " Matthew " , " Neward " , 10 ) ) ; // Iterate over the kids for ( Person kid : ted ) { System.out.println(kid.getFirstName ( ) ) ; } } }
Using Iterable has some obvious drawbacks when domain modeling , because only one such collection of objects can be so " implicitly " supported via the iterator ( ) method .
For cases where the child collection is obvious and apparent , however , Iterable makes programming against the domain type much easier and more obvious .
4. Classic and custom algorithms
Have you ever wanted to walk a Collection , but in reverse ?
That 's where a classic Java Collections algorithm comes in handy .
The children of Person in Listing 2 above , are listed in the order that they were passed in ; but , now you want to list them in the reverse order .
While you could write another for loop to insert each object into a new ArrayList in the opposite order , the coding would grow tedious after the third or fourth time .
That 's where the underused algorithm in Listing 3 comes in :
Listing 3 . ReverseIterator
public class ReverseIterator { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { Person ted = new Person ( " Ted " , " Neward " , 39 , new Person ( " Michael " , " Neward " , 16 ) , new Person ( " Matthew " , " Neward " , 10 ) ) ; // Make a copy of the List List < Person > kids = new ArrayList < Person >( ted.getChildren ( ) ) ; // Reverse it Collections.reverse( kids ) ; // Display it System.out.println ( kids ) ; } }
The Collections class has a number of these " algorithms , " static methods that are implemented to take Collections as parameters and provide implementation - independent behavior on the collection as a whole .
What 's more , the algorithms present on the Collections class certainly are n't the final word in great API design — I prefer methods that do n't modify the contents ( of the Collection passed in ) directly , for example .
So it 's a good thing you can write custom algorithms of your own , like the one shown in Listing 4 :
Listing 4 . ReverseIterator made simpler
class MyCollections { public static < T> List < T> reverse( List < T> src ) { List < T> results = new ArrayList <T>( src ) ; Collections.reverse( results ) ; return results ; } }
5. Extend the Collections API
The customized algorithm above illustrates a final point about the Java Collections API : that it was always intended to be extended and morphed to suit developers ' specific purposes .
So , for example , say you needed the list of children in the Person class to always be sorted by age .
While you could write code to sort the children over and over again ( using the Collections .
sort method , perhaps ) , it would be far better to have a Collection class that sorted it for you .
In fact , you might not even care about preserving the order in which the objects were inserted into the Collection ( which is the principal rationale for a List ) .
You might just want to keep them in a sorted order .
No Collection class within java.util fulfills these requirements , but it 's trivial to write one .
All you need to do is create an interface that describes the abstract behavior the Collection should provide .
In the case of a SortedCollection , the intent is entirely behavioral .
Listing 5 . SortedCollection
public interface SortedCollection <E> extends Collection <E> { public Comparator < E> getComparator ( ) ; public void setComparator ( Comparator < E> comp ) ; }
It 's almost anticlimactic to write an implementation of this new interface :
Listing 6 . ArraySortedCollection
import java.util .* ; public class ArraySortedCollection <E> implements SortedCollection <E > , Iterable < E> { private Comparator < E > comparator ; private ArrayList < E > list ; public ArraySortedCollection ( Comparator <E> c ) { this .
list = new ArrayList < E >( ) ; this .comparator = c ; } public ArraySortedCollection ( Collection <? extends E> src , Comparator < E> c ) { this .
list = new ArrayList <E>( src ) ; this .comparator = c ; sortThis ( ) ; } public Comparator < E> getComparator ( ) { return comparator ; } public void setComparator ( Comparator < E> cmp ) { comparator = cmp ; sortThis ( ) ; } public boolean add ( E e ) { boolean r = list .add(e ) ; sortThis ( ) ; return r ; } public boolean addAll ( Collection <?
extends E> ec ) { boolean r = list .addAll ( ec ) ; sortThis ( ) ; return r ; } public boolean remove( Object o ) { boolean r = list .remove(o ) ; sortThis ( ) ; return r ; } public boolean removeAll ( Collection < ?> c ) { boolean r = list.removeAll(c ) ; sort This ( ) ; return r ; } public boolean retainAll ( Collection < ?> ec ) { boolean r = list.retainAll( ec ) ; sortThis ( ) ; return r ; } public void clear ( ) { list.clear ( ) ; } public boolean contains ( Object o ) { return list .
contains (o ) ; } public boolean containsAll ( Collection <?> c ) { return list.containsAll(c ) ; } public boolean isEmpty ( ) { return list .isEmpty ( ) ; } public Iterator < E> iterator ( ) { return list.iterator ( ) ; } public int size ( ) { return list.size ( ) ; } public Object [ ] toArray ( ) { return list .
toArray ( ) ; } public < T > T[ ] toArray ( T [ ] a ) { return list .
toArray ( a ) ; } public boolean equals ( Object o ) { if ( o == this ) return true ; if ( o instanceof ArraySortedCollection ) { ArraySortedCollection <E > rhs = ( ArraySortedCollection <E>) o ; return this.list.equals(rhs.list ) ; } return false ; } public int hashCode ( ) { return list .hashCode ( ) ; } public String toString ( ) { return list .
toString ( ) ; } private void sortThis ( ) { Collections.sort ( list , comparator ) ; } }
This quick - and - dirty implementation , written with no optimizations in mind , could obviously stand some refactoring .
But the point is , the Java Collections API was never intended to be the final word in all things collection - related .
It both needs and encourages extensions .
Certainly , some extensions will be of the " heavy - duty " variety , such as those introduced in java.util.concurrent .
But others will be as simple as writing a custom algorithm or a simple extension to an existing Collection class .
Extending the Java Collections API might seem overwhelming , but once you start doing it , you 'll find it 's nowhere near as hard as you thought .
Conclusion
Like Java Serialization , the Java Collections API is full of unexplored nooks and crannies — which is why we 're not done with this subject .
The next article in the 5 things series will give you five more ways to do even more with the Java 6 Collections API .
Downloadable resources
Related topics
The Smithsonian Institution has rejected the suit that O. J. Simpson wore when he was acquitted of murdering his former wife , Nicole Brown Simpson , and her friend Ronald Goldman .
The decision announced Tuesday comes a day after a judge approved the donation as the solution to a battle over the suit .
Real life Bike Hero and enemy of viral marketing douchebags Freddie Wong is also the proud ( unfortunate ) new owner of an Aperture Science Handheld Portal Device , which currently looks a lot like a Nerf gun .
Advertisement
Consider this a warning to the Mac - only gamers in the crowd who might not have already learned this lesson the hard way by acquiring the Terminal Velocity achievement in Portal .
For everyone else , let 's just laugh at poor Mr. Wong 's unfortunate circumstance .
Advertisement
( And if you get a clear look at that final single frame with its encoded message , let us know what it says , eh ?
We need to know if someone 's gone to the dark viral marketing side . )
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
P.S. Thanks , Freddie !
Update :
Thanks to the pausing skills of many Kotaku readers , here 's that frame in question .
Who wants to crack it in the comments ?
Double Update : Looks like Tim does !
Karl Rove claimed Sunday that Democrats would suffer huge losses in the fall if health care reform was passed .
David Plouffe suggested that Rove should pull out the " Mission Accomplished " banner to prematurely celebrate Republicans ' electoral gains .
Rove : “ This thing is paid for with Bernie Madoff - style accounting . …
It ’s a gigantic disaster . ”
Plouffe : “ Karl and the Republicans would be familiar with that . ”
Rove : “ You will bankrupt the country if this bill passes . …
For God ’s sake , will you stop throwing around epitaphs [ sic ] and deal with the facts for once , David ? …
We will fight the election on this , . and the Democrats will have significant losses in the House and Senate as a result of this bill . ”
Plouffe : “ If Karl and a lot of Republicans want to call the election already , they ought to break out that ‘ Mission Accomplished ’ banner . ”
Rove : “ That ’s cheesy , David . …
You should not denigrate the mission of the USS Abraham Lincoln . ”
Whether it ’s for money , marbles or chalk , the brains of reward - driven people keep their game faces on , helping them win at every step of the way .
Surprisingly , they win most often when there is no reward .
That ’s the finding of neuroscientists at Washington University in St. Louis , who tested 31 randomly selected subjects with word games , some of which had monetary rewards of either 25 cents or 75 cents per correct answer , others of which had no money attached .
Subjects were given a short list of five words to memorize in a matter of seconds , then a 3.5 - second interval or pause , then a few seconds to respond to a solitary word that either had been on the list or had not .
Test performance had no consequence in some trials , but in others , a computer graded the responses , providing an opportunity to win either 25 cents or 75 cents for quick and accurate answers .
Even during these periods , subjects were sometimes alerted that their performance would not be rewarded on that trial .
Prior to testing , subjects were submitted to a battery of personality tests that rated their degree of competitiveness and their sensitivity to monetary rewards .
Designed to test the hypothesis that excitement in the brains of the most monetary - reward - sensitive subjects would slacken during trials that did not pay , the study is co-authored by Koji Jimura , PhD , a postdoctoral researcher in psychology in Arts & Sciences , and Todd Braver , PhD , professor of psychology .
Braver also is a member of the neuroscience program and radiology department at Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis .
But the researchers found a paradoxical result :
The performance of the most reward - driven individuals actually was most improved — relative to the less reward - driven — in the trials that paid nothing , not the ones in which there was money at stake .
Even more striking was that the brain scans taken using functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging ( fMRI ) showed a change in the pattern of activity during the non-rewarded trials within the lateral prefrontal cortex ( PFC ) , located right behind the outer corner of the eyebrow , an area that is strongly linked to intelligence , goal - driven behavior and cognitive strategies .
The change in lateral PFC activity was statistically linked to the extra-behavioral benefits observed in the reward - driven individuals .
The researchers suggest that this change in lateral PFC activity patterns represents a flexible shift in response to the motivational importance of the task , translating this into a superior task strategy that the researchers term “ proactive cognitive control . ”
In other words , once the rewarding motivational context is established in the brain indicating there is a goal - driven contest at hand , the brain actually rallies its neuronal troops and readies itself for the next trial , whether it ’s for money or not .
“ It sounds reasonable now , but when I happened upon this result , I could n’t believe it because we expected the opposite results , ” says Jimura , first author of the paper .
“ I had to analyze the data thoroughly to persuade myself .
“ The important finding of our study is that the brains of these reward - sensitive individuals do not respond to the reward information on individual trials , ” Jimura says .
“ Instead , it shows that they have persistent motivation , even in the absence of a reward .
You ’d think you ’d have to reward them on every trial to do well .
But it seems that their brains recognized the rewarding motivational context that carried over across all the trials . ”
The finding sheds more light on the workings of the lateral PFC and provides potential behavioral clues about personality , motivation , goals and cognitive strategies .
The research has important implications for understanding the nature of persistent motivation , how the brain creates such states , and why some people seem to be able to use motivation more effectively than others .
By understanding the brain circuitry involved , it might be possible to create motivational situations that are more effective for all individuals , not just the most reward - driven ones , or to develop drug therapies for individuals that suffer from chronic motivational problems .
Their results were published April 26 in the early online edition of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Science .
Everyone knows of competitive people who have to win , whether in a game of HORSE , golf or the office NCAA basketball tournament pool .
The findings might tell researchers something about the competitive drive .
The researchers are interested in the signaling chain that ignites the prefrontal cortex when it acts on reward - driven impulses , and they speculate that the brain chemical dopamine could be involved .
That could be a potential direction of future studies .
Dopamine neurons , once thought to be involved in a host of pleasurable situations but now considered more of a learning or predictive signal , might respond to cues that let the lateral PFC know that it ’s in for something good .
This signal might help to keep information about the goals , rules or best strategies for the task active in mind to increase the chances of obtaining the desired outcome .
In the context of this study , when a 75 - cent reward is available for a trial , the dopamine - releasing neurons could be sending signals to the lateral PFC that jump - start it to do the right procedures to get a reward .
“ It would be like the dopamine neurons recognize a cup of Ben & Jerry ’s ice cream and tell the lateral PFC the right action strategy to get the reward — to grab a spoon and bring the ice cream to your mouth , ” Braver says .
“ We think that the dopamine neurons fires to the cue rather than the reward itself , especially after the brain learns the relationship between the two .
We ’d like to explore that some more . ”
They also are interested in the “ reward carryover state , ” or the proactive cognitive strategy that keeps the brain excited even in gaps , such as pauses between trials or trials without rewards .
They might consider a study in which rewards are far fewer .
“ It ’s possible we ’d see more slackers with less rewards , ” Braver says .
“ That might have an effect on the reward carryover state .
There are a host of interesting further questions that this work brings up , which we plan to pursue . ”
It used to be in Tracker that you could n’t just change the ontology .
When you did , you had to reboot the database .
This means loosing all the non-embedded data .
For example your tags or other such information that ’s uniquely stored in Tracker ’s RDF store .
This was of course utterly unacceptable and this was among the reasons why we kept 0.8 from being released for so long : we were afraid that we would need to make ontology changes during the 0.8 series .
So during 0.7 I added support for what I call modest ontology changes .
This means adding a class , adding a property .
But just that .
Not changing an existing property .
This was sufficient for 0.8 because now we could at least do some changes like adding a property to a class , or adding a new class .
You know , making implementing the standard feature requests possible .
Last two weeks I worked on supporting more intrusive ontology changes .
The branch that I ’m working on currently supports changing tracker : notify for the signals on changes feature , tracker : writeback for the writeback features and tracker : indexed which controls the indexes in the SQLite tables .
But also certain range changes are supported .
For example integer to string , double and boolean .
String to integer , double and boolean .
Double to integer , string and boolean .
Range changes will sometimes of course mean data loss .
Plenty of code was also added to detect an unsupported ontology change and to ensure that we just abort the process and do n’t do any changes in that case .
It ’s all quite complex so it might take a while before the other team members have tested and reviewed all this .
It should probably take even longer before it hits the stable 0.8 branch .
We wont yet open the doors to custom ontologies .
Several reasons :
We want more testing on the support for ontology changes .
We know that once we open the doors to custom ontologies that we ’ll see usage of this rather sooner than later .
We do n’t yet support removing properties and classes .
This would be easy ( drop the table and columns away and log the event in the journal ) but it ’s not yet supported .
Mostly because we do n’t need it ourselves ( which is a good reason ) .
We do n’t want you to meddle with the standard ontologies ( we ’ll do that , do n’t worry ) .
So we need a bit of ontology management code to also look in other directories , etc .
The error handling of unsupported ontology changes should n’t abort like mentioned above .
Another piece of software should n’t make Tracker unusable just because they install junk ontologies .
We actually want to start using OSCAF ‘s ontology format .
Perhaps it ’s better that we wait for this instead of later asking everybody to convert their custom ontologies ?
We ’re a bunch of pussies who are afraid of the can of worms that you guys ’ custom ontologies will open .
But yes , you could say that the basics are being put in place as we speak .
__________________________________________________________________________Phew , what a load of comments !
I really appreciate everyone 's contributions to this , and am very glad to say that it's all been respectful and mutually supportive and especially the comments by men have been thoughtful and humble and generally something to be grateful for .
Also thanks to the people who have been linking to this .
However , I am going away for a couple of weeks to a place where I only have intermittent internet access , and wo n't be able to keep on top of the comments here or respond to every one until the end of the month , so please do n't feel neglected .
Also , ( in ) appropriately enough , I was harassedthis morning walking along the canal near my house - a man concealed by the trees in the park which borders the towpath shouted down at me , ' Mmm , nice big tits ' .
Wanker - and also extra creepy because I could n't see him , and he knew it .
Urgh .
So , unfortunately , this topic is still pretty current in my mind ..._________________________________________________________________________A
couple of things have set me thinking today .
Some of the thoughts may be triggering for reference to sexual assault and street harassment .
Most of the post is behind a cut because of the lengthiness of the pondering .
linked , on Dreamwidth , to this extraordinary post bywhich discusses sexual violence and the debates around it .
Specifically , takes on the issue of men who come into discussions about rape and other forms of violence against women and derail the whole conversation by loudly claiming , aghast , that it is deeply offensive to brand all men as potential rapists , and they would never dream of coercing a woman , sexually or otherwise , and they are very hurt by the fact that there is a discussion going on about the ways in which men mistreat women which is not taking into the account that they personally , and men like them , have never lifted a finger against a woman and never intend to and furthermore , if they saw it happening they would definitely intervene .
And to them , asks , straight - up - so where are you ?
How come we never hear about the men who intervene when girls are drunk out of control at a party and need the sleazy guy pulled off them ?
Have you ever actually taken a male friend aside and told them that their jokes about rape and sexist remarks are really not cool , and are making people visibly uncomfortable ?
Do you believe your female friend when she tells you that she was assaulted , sleazed on or spoken to inappropriately by someone ?
The 1100 + comments to that entry do give some heartening examples of this , with many personal stories of people being helped as well as being in situations where they were disbelieved or undermined , with bad consequences .
Now , the particular response whichis trying to get beyond - but how dare you tar me with this brush !
I simply would n't dream - we are not all the same , you know - is not just classic derailing , I think it reflects a chronic problem when it comes to members of a dominant group understanding the perspective of a group which is in any way oppressed , which is the discrepancy of lived experience coupled with a default silence around uncomfortable topics .
I think if you are a non-sexist man ( or a man who believes himself not to be sexist ) , or a non-racist white person , it is easy to assume that most men , or white people , or straight people or whatever are similarly unprejudiced , and consequently it is hard to believe the accounts of people who do experience discrimination , violence and harrassment regularly , and to understand the kind of fear it engenders .
I have experienced sexual assault as a child and as an adult , and it was unpleasant and traumatic and affected me badly .
But the incidence of it was rare enough that I do not particularly fear it , and the patterns of my life are not arranged so as to minimise the risk of sexual assault as distinct from any other kind of violence - being mugged , say .
What I _do_ experience rather often is street harassment and unwanted attention .
And every time I tell a straight male friend or partner about it , they are surprised .
It seems odd to them that one person should find it normal to shout crude and personal things at another in the street because one of them is male and the other is female .
I have yet to tell a woman friend that I was harrassed in the street and see her react with shock .
It is an utterly normal part of life for most women , and no less unpleasant for that .
I was 13 the first time a man called me a whore : it was the same night I wore high heels for the first time , to my uncle 's wedding .
After the reception , a group of five or six women , including young sore - footed me , was walking back to our hotel rather tipsily .
It was a rough - ish neighbourhood in West Vancouver .
A one - armed man , well into his cups , asked us for a drink on our way past ( my female relatives were holding a bottle of wine ) .
When they said no , he shouted , ' Whores ! ' at us over his shoulder .
Nobody paid him any notice .
The most recent time someone shouted obscenities at me in public was Sunday , three days ago , walking to the bus station in Cambridge in the balmy early evening .
A group of street drinkers were gathered round a bench on Christ 's Pieces .
One of them , a young woman , shouted ' Oy ! ' and asked me if I had any Rizlas .
I said no and carried on walking , and one of her companions shouted , rusty with drink , ' How about a suck of the old cock , then ? '
' Fuck you ' I said over my shoulder .
' I would n't mind ...' he said , tailing off into a remark mostly for the good of his audience , I think .
' Now there 's a side of the town I do n't see ' said the man I had been visiting , when I told him by text .
In the last few months I have been approached , appraised , offered chips by an insistent stranger who stood around the pedestrian crossing while I waited for the light to turn , repeatedly telling me he thought I was beautiful despite me repeatedly telling him to leave me alone , been subject to abortive chat - up attempts , been told that I 'm fat by a group of teenagers , and most entertainingly been stopped by a teenage boy hanging out at the bus stop with his friends .
' Excuse me , do you smoke marijuana ? ' he asked , earnestly .
' No ' I lied .
' Cos I really think you should ' he said , to an eruption of giggles from his friends .
I laughed and he continued , ' Yeah , with a big belly like that you should , you know ' .
Not so witty .
This evening I walked most of the way home from college , from New Cross to Greenwich , through the foot tunnel , up into Mudchute Park , into Asda and then along the docks to Canary Wharf .
I just want to lay out , for the benefit of male readers , all the moments at which I was wary of being harrassed , simply for being in the wrong place , and ask you to compare this to your own experience of walking around the place where you live .
I was nervous in Greenwich when walking alongside a line of cars idling at a traffic light , their windows down in the heat : men sometimes cat - call or shout or just let their eyes trail over you leeringly as you go past a line of cars like that .
I was nervous and defensive in the park when a man I 'd never seen before called out to me .
' Y' alright ?
How you doing ? '
' Yeah , fine ' .
' Finished work for the day ? ' ' Yeah ' , I said in a cold kind of I - have - no - reason - to - talk - to - you way , kept walking .
I was nervous when I climbed up from the sports fields into the walkway that goes through the bushes , because the first time I came along that way there was a guy on the path with his cock in his hands .
He had just been taking a piss , but he had n't bothered to leave the trail , and I had told him off for not going further into the bushes and then laughed most of the way home .
I was more entertained than perturbed at the time , but ever since , every time I go round that corner I 've been half - expecting to run into some bicycle - helmeted suit with his tallywhacker out .
( It 's not , as I was saying to my flatmate , than I 'm disappointed if I do n't see a naked penis every time I go through Mudchute Park , but after that incident some part of me expects it ) .
Someone threatened my friend with a knife in this park once , too , so I was conscious of that , but all I saw today was a dachshund and a teenage girl with her mother walking a big yellow ferret on a lead .
I was nervous leaving Asda with my groceries and walking past a neighbourhood pub where ten or twelve men were noisily getting drunk outside .
One braces oneself for shouts or jeers when walking past a large group of drunk men : it 's involuntary , but definite .
Once I reached Canary Wharf I decided to take the bus rather than walk up through the Poplar estates to my house .
( I was quite tired , but it would have been legitimate to make that decision on the basis of safety , since it was 9.30 by this time ) .
That is four times over the course of the walk home that I felt anxious or wary because of the possibility of being harrassed , and I would say that is about average .
Most days I would n't even consciously notice it : it 's just part of the fabric of a female - led life .
There are many more factors that would put me in more danger of harrasment or violence , and I 'm lucky in almost all respects .
I am white , and I am cisgendered : I am unremarkable - looking , and my partners are men , meaning that I 'm not targeted for homophobic abuse even though I identify as queer .
I am able - bodied , which reduces the chances of me being assaulted by a great deal compared to a disabled person .
I am confident and loud and aware of my boundaries and good at saying ' leave me alone ' and ' fuck you ' and ' no ' like I mean it .
And I still get harrassed all the bloody time .
I 'm not the only one .
I suppose the point of this long , long post is to do what I always try to do - tell a story .
Today it 's the story of what it 's like to live with the constant possibility of having your appearance or person commented on , loudly , by strangers , and of being on your guard many times a day .
It is not about my fear of being raped , because that does n't figure in my life as much as in those of some of the commentators at the linked post .
It is about men feeling that they have a right to talk and shout to me about what they want to do and what they think of my body .
It is about trying to get through to the men who do n't do this quite how common it is and how it affects the lives of most women .
I 'd be very interested to hear other perspectives on this from people of all genders who get hassled in the street ( or do n't ) : how often it happens , whether you are indifferent to it or find it upsetting / annoying / enraging / scary / amusing , what you think influences it ...
I 've written this post assuming , based on conversations , that straight and straight - presenting men do n't get harrassed as much as women : I would be interested to hear if any men have , in fact , come the wrong side of a group of rambunctious female construction workers ( in real life : dreams do n't count ) .
I do n't , however , have much patience for anyone who comments only to say , ' I really think you are being unfair to men who do n't harass women in the street .
This sort of reverse sexism is very offensive and is OPPRESSING ME ' .
General Motors / NASA
NASA and General Motors announced on Tuesday that they planned to send a robot to the International Space Station , with the eventual goal of having it help the astronauts there .
Although there are already several robots in space — including the famous Mars Rovers , which have been zipping around the red planet for years — NASA and G.M. said this would be the first human - like robot to leave Earth .
The robot is called Robonaut 2 , or R2 for short , and it weighs in at 300 pounds , with a head , torso and two fully functional arms .
At first , R2 will be monitored in space to see how it performs in weightlessness , but NASA hopes to eventually use R2 to assist astronauts during space walks and to work alongside engineers in the space station .
In a joint news release , John Olson , director of NASA ’s Exploration Systems Integration Office , said , “ The partnership of humans and robots will be critical to opening up the solar system and will allow us to go farther and achieve more than we can probably even imagine today . ”
R2 will be a passenger on the Space Shuttle Discovery , which is scheduled to head to the space station in September .
The International Space Station received some attention in the blogosphere recently when Timothy Creamer , an astronaut on board , sent the first Tweet from space .
It looks like Mr. Creamer may have a new roommate soon , although it is not yet clear if R2 is into Twitter .
Google is recruiting allies in its effort to win customers for Google Apps , its bundle of online office software .
The search giant just announced a new service called the Google Apps Marketplace .
As the name suggests , it ’s an online store where third - party developers can sell their applications to the 25 million users of Google Apps .
The third - party apps are integrated with Google ’s , so users can access them just by logging into Google Apps , and the apps can access data within Google Apps .
The benefit to Google is that the company can dramatically expand the capabilities within Apps without having to build every new application itself .
Google also collects 20 percent of the revenue earned by third - party apps .
Developers , meanwhile , get integration with Google products that are a core part of many users ’ jobs and get access to a big audience .
The service was announced tonight at Google ’s Campfire One event for developers in Mountain View , Calif .
I interviewed a Google executive and an app - maker earlier today , but thanks to the somewhat exasperating rules that Google set up around the interviews , I ca n’t publish that story until 7 pm Pacific .
In the meantime , expect more posts with details from Campfire One .
NOTE : This script is obsolete .
You should use the far superior CSS3PIE instead .
CSS3 support for Internet Explorer 6 , 7 , and 8
What is it ?
IE - CSS3 is a script to provide Internet Explorer support for some new styles available in the upcoming CSS3 standard .
How it works
If you 're viewing this page in Internet Explorer , some of the elements have been rebuilt by the script in Vector Markup Language ( VML ) , an IE - specific vector drawing language .
VML supports things that are missing from IE 's CSS implementation like rounded corners and blur effects .
How to use it
Just add CSS styles as you normally would , but include one new line :
.box { - moz - border - radius : 15 px ; /* Firefox */ - webkit - border -radius : 15 px ; /* Safari and Chrome */ border - radius : 15 px ; /* Opera 10.5 + , future browsers , and now also Internet Explorer 6 + using IE - CSS3 */ - moz-box - shadow : 10 px 10 px 20 px # 000 ; /* Firefox */ - webkit-box - shadow : 10 px 10 px 20 px #000 ; /* Safari and Chrome */ box -shadow : 10 px 10 px 20px #000 ; /* Opera 10.5 + , future browsers and IE6 + using IE - CSS3 */ behavior : url( ie-css3.htc ) ; /*
This lets IE know to call the script on all elements which get the ' box ' class */ }
Issues and Workarounds
You would expect URLs in behavior : url ( ... ) to be relative to the current directory as they are in a background - image : url ( ... ) style for example , but instead Microsoft decided to ignore standards here and make them relative to the docroot instead .
So behavior : url ( ie- css3.htc ) should work if ie - css3.htc is in the root directory of the site .
You will probably run into issues with z - index , especially if embedding one IE - CSS3 enabled element inside of another .
There are two simple workarounds :
Set the z -index of the IE - CSS3 element to a number larger than its surrounding elements .
than its surrounding elements .
Make sure the IE - CSS3 element is positioned , such as with position : relative or position : absolute
Sometimes an IE - CSS3 element will show up at a slightly different position than the original , untouched element .
There could be a few reasons for this :
You have broken tags somewhere in your markup , probably above the IE - CSS3 element .
You are experiencing misc IE6 and IE7 bugs .
Try adding the styles zoom : 1 and / or position : relative to the IE - CSS3 element and its immediate parent .
You could also try removing any margins on the IE - CSS3 element and / or its parent , use padding instead .
Styles and their status
Style
What works
What does n't work border - radius Setting a radius for all four corners
Element borders
Setting a radius for individual corners separately box - shadow Blur size
Offset
Any color other than #000 text - shadow Blur size
Offset
Color
The shadow looks a little bit different than it does in FF / Safari / Chrome
This cat does not approve of square corners .
This is a fork of Remiz Rahnas 's original script .
Thanks Remiz !
http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/StarfishAliens
Advertisement :
Starfish Aliens are really alien aliens .
They may have :
If the aliens in question have two or more of the above traits , you 're usually dealing with a Starfish Alien .
However they are still " people " in the sense of having :
Some kind of language , not necessarily verbal , we can learn to interpret ( or maybe not , but we can at least recognize it as a language ) .
In other words , they have some way of exchanging information with one another or with other beings .
Advertisement : Culture — they have a common set of practices , goals and technologies .
Their own belief systems , however unusual .
A mind - set that admits to things like logic and intuition ; not necessarily those things by our definitions , but things like them .
At least some resemblance to living things with which we are familiar .
They eat , sleep , reproduce , etc. ; they are clearly organic beings , or else Mechanical Lifeforms .
Sometimes , however , they are too alien and their language , mind - set and culture remain incomprehensible to humans .
Often ( particularly if the beings can't communicate easily with humans ) they will be presumed to be evil by the human protagonists without any actual proof .
But in accordance with We Come in Peace  Shoot to Kill , starfish aliens who run across innocent , open - minded humans are themselves known to do beyond - horrible things to them , then excuse themselves later with an explanation that they were only trying to communicate with or greet us in the way they know how .
Usually , their language and communication are so different from ours that if there is to be any communication between our species and theirs , it must be done by technological means of translation or them taking on a form humans can interact with .
In an extreme case of varelse - class incompatibilities , there may exist no possible means of communication other than mutual destruction .
Advertisement :
Given the long , strange history of life on Earth ( a given house includes such a bewildering variety of life as humans , houseplants , pets , spiders , molds , bacteria , etc. ) , it 's likely if we ever actually encounter alien life it might fit in this category .
Species that evolve naturally would have adapted to solve similar basic problems : obtaining food / necessities , negotiating natural disaster , adapting to new circumstances , avoiding contamination by pathogens and parasites , competing with other species , competing with themselves , and so forth .
So we would expect to find at least a few familiar aspects to their psychology as opposed to sheer indecipherable mystery ... if they evolved in similar conditions as us .
These are much more common in animation , video games , and literature than they are in live - action media , due to the likelihood of Special Effects Failure .
They are typically located towards the " hard " end of the Sci -Fi Hardness Scale , though when their biology becomes sufficiently improbable , they may soften it instead .
When a story is told from the point of view of Starfish Aliens , and other decidedly non human creatures , it 's Xenofiction .
Ironically , actual starfish belong to the phylum of echinoderms ( along with urchins and sea cucumbers ) and despite their utterly alien anatomy , are among the closest relatives to vertebrates in the animal kingdom .
Arthropods , molluscs , earthworms , jellyfish , and sponges are all more distantly related by comparison .
Super - Trope to Octopoid Aliens .
The inverse of Human Aliens or Rubber - Forehead Aliens .
Aliens that do n't look like humans , but still have basically the same body type are Humanoid Aliens , or Intelligent Gerbils , if they 're obviously based off a particular Earth animal .
Insectoid Aliens effectively split the difference .
Prone to enter Grotesque Gallery .
May speak a Starfish Language .
See also Bizarre Alien Biology , Starfish Robots , and Our Monsters Are Weird .
Compare Eldritch Abomination ( both tropes have some overlap ) .
The Trope Namer is H. P. Lovecraft 's
At the Mountains of Madness , written in 1931 , where the Elder Things are described as having starfish - like appendages .
Examples :
open / close all folders
Anime and Manga
Card Games
Top Trumps : the Planets and Aliens set has a glorious selection of complete freakazoids , with the exclusion of a couple of living teddy bears and Bob McTerrifyingly - Normal from Earth .
The actual Alien archtype in Yu - Gi- Oh ! is pretty easy to understand , as most of them range from The Greys to Alien - style creatures that are still relatively humanoid .
The Worm archtype on the other hand are truly strange , as they have wildly different physical appearances with only a few of them being even vaguely humanoid .
The boss monster , Worm Zero , crosses over into Eldritch Abomination territory , as it appears as a building - sized moonlike sphere of flesh that is formed by absorbing the bodies of other Worms and seems to be able to affect reality .
Comic Books
Comic Strips
Aliens in The Far Side are usually depicted as semi-humanoid blobby creatures with numerous tentacles with eyes on the ends growing out of their bodies .
They 're almost invariably huge , capture humans like bugs ( to which they are the size of ) , and speak random gibberish ( unless understanding what they say is necessary for the joke ) .
Many of the aliens Spaceman Spiff encounters over the course of Calvin and Hobbes .
Fanfiction
Asuka Quest has the Angels nicknamed Giant Alien Starfish because they 're actually this trope rather than anything actually religious in nature , so the original name came off as pretentious .
Eugenesis goes into some detail about the Quintesson ( See Western Animation below ) , and their origins .
Since they 're neither fully organic or fully mechanical , they are n't born in the traditional sense , and tend to be born via budding .
Mention is made of some of the original Quintessons being rolled like dough from Unicron 's surface .
Pinball
Tabletop Games
Theatre
The 2008 European live tour of The Rocky Horror Show - ie , a fully staged live performance , not just the movie and Audience Participation - had this as a twist ending .
Riff Raff and Magenta reappear toward the end as twelve - foot - tall monstrosities with human upper bodies mounted on long robes concealing God-only - knew what , thus making their ( and Frank 's ) human appearances throughout the rest of the show nothing more than A Form You Are Comfortable With .
This opens up all kinds of new implications about Frank 's addiction to human sex , his building a human , the declaration that " [ his ] lifestyle 's too extreme " , and Riff and Magenta 's eagerness to return to their home planet .
Little Shop of Horrors gives us the unforgettable " Audrey II " as the Big Bad .
Audrey II is a talking , singing Plant Alien resembling a Venus flytrap on steroids .
It reproduces and spreads by producing pods to colonize planets , and it can see and hear perfectly fine despite having no visible eyes or ears .
Oh , and it needs blood to survive .
Lots of blood .
Because of this , Audrey II is entirely inimical toward humanity , yet it also displays strong interpersonal skills , manipulating its human pawns through its sassy , smooth - talking charm .
Webcomics
Web Original
Western Animation
Real Life
The application of permanent magnet generators ( PMGs ) to wind turbines is a relatively new , but growing , trend in the energy industry .
According to specialist providers , they offer advantages in key areas such as efficiency and design flexibility and PMGs are now being used by leading manufacturers in the industry .
However , the dominant Neodymium - Iron - Boron ( NdFeB ) rare - earth material used for magnet manufacturing is also in high demand for many alternative hi-tech applications .
And , the fact that China controls up to 95 % of the production market for rare - earth materials , including NdFeB has also caused some unease elsewhere in the world ( see box panel ) .
PMGs are being applied to an increasing number of the latest turbine designs , potentially marking another significant chapter in the industry ’s technical evolution .
Since the birth of modern industrial wind turbine manufacturing in the late 1970s , conventional fast speed geared wind systems have dominated the global market .
This success can largely be attributed to a pioneering fixed - speed concept known as the ‘ Danish Concept ’ , featuring stall - type power output limitation , three blades and a non-integrated drive system .
The generators in these turbines were typically squirrel - cage induction machines of the sort widely used for many industrial applications .
Variable speed operation was already active by the late 1970s / early 1980s thanks to wind technology pioneers like the former Lagerwey of the Netherlands .
From the second half of the 1990s variable speed operation steadily gained ground , with the doubly - fed induction generator ( DFIG ) becoming the semi-standard wind industry solution .
Generator power is typically fed into the grid with the aid of an AC / DC - DC / AC frequency converter .
In a key cost advantage , DFIG machines only require a partial ( approximately 35 % rated capacity ) converter .
Siemens Wind Power served as an exception when it switched to variable speed operation in 2003 / 04 , maintaining the application of brushless squirrel - cage induction machines , but now in combination with a full converter .
Over the following years , a steady stream of suppliers has switched to the PMG with full converter solution .
This growing list includes GE and Clipper ( distributed drivetrain ; four generators ) for 2.5 MW models and UNISON of South Korea for its 2 MW U88/U93 sister model series .
In 2009 , Vestas announced a new V112 - 3.0 MW model featuring a PMG design .
Alternative drive system options – some still under development or at a semi-commercial development stage – either involve a mechanical - hydraulic or fully - mechanical variable speed gearbox system , or a ‘ fully - hydraulic ’ transmission .
These latter solutions enable variable speed rotor operation combined with a fixed - speed directly grid - connected generator , effectively eliminating the need for an electronic power converter .
For various reasons , fixed - speed systems with direct grid-connection are , however , now only a minority segment .
In 1992 wind pioneer Enercon of Germany introduced a 500 kW variable speed , direct drive system ( no gearbox ) as a distinct alternative wind technology solution .
The company dominates the direct drive segment to this day with an evolutionary range of successor models currently with a 30 kW – 7.5 MW range of power ratings and an operational track record exceeding 15,500 wind turbines .
Even though widely accepted as a mature wind technology , direct drive ’s global market share has never exceeded roughly 10 % – 15 % , but the number of new entrants is growing rapidly .
One strong new direct drive player is GoldWind of China , believed to have delivered over a thousand wind turbines of 1.2–1.5 MW , using licensed designs that originate from Vensys of Germany .
Among other powerful newcomers in the direct drive segment are GE Energy and Siemens Wind Power .
These two , and almost all other new international entrants , apply PMGs in their designs .
In contrast , Enercon and Mtorres of Spain chose in - house developed and manufactured generators with electrical field excitation .
A mix between fast - speed geared and direct drive wind systems is often referred to as a ‘ Hybrid ’ solution .
This third , medium speed segment occupies only a minority market position .
Areva Multibrid of Germany / France and WinWinD of Finland today manufacture these commercial hybrid - type turbines under aerodyn license , while Gamesa of Spain is currently testing a different 4.5 MW medium - speed prototype .
Again , all three of these suppliers incorporate PMGs into their designs .
The Switch .
A PMG Specialist With Big Ambitions
Early in 2009 , The Switch of Vantaa , Finland , achieved a 1600 MW installed capacity mark , with a product portfolio comprising a range of high - performance permanent magnet - type and induction - type electrical machines , full - power converters and controls equipment .
Today over 1000 wind turbines of different power ratings are running its technology , subdivided into low speed ( direct drive ) , medium speed and high speed systems .
The Switch was founded in 2006 via a merger of three companies – Rotatek Finland , Verteco and Youtility .
It employs 185 and comprises three divisions : The Switch Electrical Machines , The Switch High Power Converters , and US - based The Switch Controls and Converters .
Late last year [ 2009 ] , The Switch Electrical Machines inaugurated a new factory in Lappeenranta , Finland .
The latter uses a customer - focused product and process development concept aimed at maximizing return on investment , including optimised materials flow control .
It also aims to serve as a blueprint for multi-site production with global partners .
Known as The Switch Circle , the concept comprises three interdependent major elements or project phases : Design , Production , and Proactive .
Design extends from initial evaluation and consulting to product design , prototype testing and optimization up to a 5 MW power rating .
The company offers its clients either standard solutions , which are proven and platform adapted , or dedicated customer - specific designs .
Alternative options are technology license agreements for complete generator - converter systems or specific component / product sections .
The Production phase aims to accelerate project execution and to provide rapid , on - time deliveries from the prototype phase to series production .
The Proactive element , meanwhile , is dedicated to providing a full equipment maintenance and service package .
During the factory opening ceremony , CTO of The Switch , Olli Pyrhönen , explained : ‘ Our business focus is on wind power and especially the development and manufacture of PMGs and full - power converter solutions .
These are all 690 V low - voltage systems .
For medium voltage converter systems there are currently only three or four suppliers , and the price level is by comparison substantially higher . ’
Pyrhönen said that compared with state - of - the - art induction generator equivalents , multi-megawatt The Switch PMGs combine high - rated power efficiency in the 98 % range whilst retaining near - same value over a wide partial - load range : ‘ This matches favourably with wind turbines ’ key characteristics , as these installations operate a majority of the time under partial - load conditions , a phenomenon due to inherent wind speed variability .
Additional PMG advantages include compactness , developer application flexibility at combined 50 Hz and 60 Hz wind markets , and slip - ring elimination as a reliability enhancing feature . ’
Another oft - claimed advantage is that , compared with DFIGs , PMGs with full - power converters offer easier compliance with stringent future grid codes .
On the other hand , the iron ( Fe ) elements in the NdFeB magnet material makes these components prone to corrosion , which necessitates long - lasting magnet insulation and complete protection from harsh exterior environments .
Also , operating temperatures inside the generator rotor must be limited to a maximum of 80 °C in order to retain magnetic properties .
Current manufacturing capacity for The Switch amounts to 1500 MW for generators and 3500 MW in converters , with a target to expand generator output volume to 6000 MW and converters to 7500 MW within two years .
DongFang of China , among the world ’s largest suppliers of power engineering equipment , currently manufactures most generators and power converters for The Switch ’s global distribution .
Ingeteam .
Do n’t Write off the DFIG Just Yet …
Ingeteam of Spain is a leading supplier of components and systems with a 12 % –15 % global market share for wind turbine generators and converters .
The company recently announced construction of a new US $ 15 million facility in Milwaukee , Wisconsin , dedicated to renewable energy project equipment manufacture .
Indar Electric , a 70 - year old Ingeteam company specialising in rotating electrical machines , employs some 800 staff .
Indar offers tailor - made drive solutions to its customers ranging across high speed , medium speed to low speed ( direct drive ) , Hydro , marine and steel industry applications are also served .
The company ’s CTO , Adolfo Rebollo , says : ‘ We have many years of experience in developing a wide range of different generator concepts .
These include synchronous and induction machines , PMGs and DFIGs in the power rating of range 1 –50 MW and 1 – 15 kV level , depending on customer demand , where the largest units up to 50 MW are direct drive units applied in hydro plants .
Our new world - class testing facilities in Beasain offer a full load testing capacity up to 60 MW for both generators and converter systems . ’
In wind turbine generators alone the company has supplied more than 12,500 units , corresponding to some 14,500 MW over the past 10 years , he says .
One recent project completed by Indar involved a 5 MW offshore wind turbine concept study .
The outcome indicated a preference between either of two alternative medium - speed solutions , or a given direct drive system .
Rebollo adds : ‘ For medium speed systems in the range 2.5 –5 MW size turbines , we see two different tendencies ; a single - stage gearbox and about 150 nominal generator rpm , and a faster running double - stage gearbox with generator running at some 450 rpm .
In our view a PMG might offer an optimal overall choice for direct drive and medium speed drive systems , largely due to [ more compact ] dimensioning considerations .
Following last year ’s reports on rare earth materials sourcing and future availability , we noticed that some turbine manufacturers have become very concerned about applying PMGs . ’
Rebollo says that Indar / Ingeteam is not convinced that a PMG is always superior to a DFIG solution at systems level .
Referring to a recently completed comparative systems analysis between a fast - speed multi-megawatt PMG with full converter , and a DFIG - partial converter ( 25%–30 % ) combination , Rebollo commented : ‘ The study was performed for a client and results clearly indicated that the DFIG combination showed superior total efficiency performance over the entire speed range .
Although most of our new projects that are being developed comprise a PMG with full power converter , the main concerns of our customers regarding DFIG point to grid codes compliance .
However , we are proud that all the tests we have performed in this area showed satisfactory results .
In fact , with the right hardware and control techniques even the most demanding grid codes can be fulfilled with an Indar / Ingeteam DFIG system .
Indar / Ingeteam during 2009 retrofitted over 2000 DFIG units supplied between 1997 and 2000 aimed at enabling these “ older generation ” wind turbines to comply with the latest REE P.O. 12.3 grid code . ’
A final Indar / Ingeteam solution for fast - speed geared wind turbines highlighted was the Ingecon Clean Power Series .
This uses a DFIG with an integrated so - called exciter PMG , together comprising a device known as an xDFM – in essence a permanent magnet - type synchronous machine mechanically coupled to the DFIG inside a standard housing .
In an analogy to a ‘ standard ’ DFIG system , the Ingecon Clean Power Series System unit comprises a partial power converter with 25 % –30 % generator rated power .
The exciter machine rated capacity is about 16 % – 18 % of generator power rating .
Its inclusion makes it possible to connect the power converter to the rotor of the DFIG , and to the stator of the PMG and is thus isolated from the grid with the stator being therefore the only grid - connected output .
By comparison , with a ‘ standard ’ DFIG generator , rotor power is fed into the grid via a power converter , with the stator directly grid - connected ( as is also the case in the xDFM ) .
‘ As the converter is always active and isolated from the network , the xDFM technology offers outstanding grid quality as well as exceptional Low Voltage Ride Through capabilities .
That , in turn , limits torque peaks and reduces mechanical peak loads that otherwise typically happened during a grid fault or in emergency situations , ’ Rebollo concluded .
Eize de Vries is wind technology correspondent of Renewable Energy World .
e-mail : [ email protected ]
Sidebar : Rare Earth - Materials : China ’s High - Tech Trump Cards ?
Rare earth - materials are used in a wide range of today ’s high - tech consumer and industrial products and are critical enablers for many emerging ‘ green energy ’ technologies , such as plug - in hybrid electric vehicles , some of the latest PM - type generators for wind turbines , compact flourescent lighting and miniaturized components incorporated in computer hard - disks , mobile telephones and MP3 - players .
Commentators expect global demand for NdFeB to almost quadruple by 2030 and quantities required for specific applications can be significant .
Industry sources quote , for instance , that the 60 kW fast speed electric motor fitted in a Toyota Prius hybrid vehicle contains at least 0.5 kg of NdFeB magnet material .
For a PM - type generator fitted in a 5 MW direct drive wind turbine , these same sources quote a figure of up to 200 kg of NdFeB per MW power rating , around one tonne per machine .
This is a much higher quantity compared to the relatively light and compact fast speed systems .
Former Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping observed years ago that the ‘ Middle East has oil , but China has rare earth - elements . ’
Xiaoping ’s quote reappeared in the world ’s press as the issue of supply of the materials resurfaced last year .
This coverage followed a leaked Chinese government report named ‘ Rare Earths Industry Development Plan 2009 - 2015 ’ , which stated that China currently accounts for 93 % of the world ’s production of rare earth - elements ( other sources speak of at least 95 % ) .
China also produces more than 99 % of the output of dysprosium and terbium , which are vital for a wide range of green energy technologies and military applications .
The report stated that within six years ( 2015 ) Chinese rare earth - material exports might be restricted to 35,000 tonnes annually .
By comparison , global demand during the past decade increased three - fold to about 125,000 tonnes and might reach 200,000 tonnes annually by 2014 .
By that time , China is expected to need its full annual rare earth - metals output for its local industries , with exports being reduced to zero .
Simultaneously , China is said by the report to contain ‘ only ’ 53 % of the world ’s cumulative rare earth - element deposits .
A major reason for this huge discrepancy between resource availability and China ’s current near - monopoly market position is said to be largely economic .
During the 1990s a combination of surplus production , resulting low price levels and stringent environmental legislation led to a spate of mine closures in the West .
China kept its mines open , benefitting from lower wage levels and , it is claimed , less stringent environmental legislation .
Any prospect of rare earth - element / materials scarcity represents a worrying scenario for the many non-Chinese high - tech industries that increasingly depend upon their unrestricted availability on the open market .
Options to counteract a looming future shortage include – as some have already done – shifting industrial activity that depends on these materials to China itself , in order to safeguard supply .
However , besides the potential conflict with strategic and national security interests , this strategy might also severely hamper goals in other countries and regions to build strong ‘ green Industries ’ .
A second option is accelerated mine reopening outside China , which is already being implemented in the US at Mountain Pass and Australia ’s Mount Weld .
Apart from these mines there are at least four additional , but smaller , mining locations spread over Canada and Australia .
A third option is to search for other solutions outside the rare earth - material scope .
In a sign of its concern , the Japanese government has compiled a ‘ Strategy for Ensuring Stable Supplies of Rare Metals ’ .
Europe , like Japan , is not in a favourable strategic position as it lacks any significant resources in this area leaving the continent , according to some experts , fully dependent on imports for supplies .
IF YOU HAVE any OBJECTIONS TO THE CONTENT OF THIS BLOG - REGARDING COPYRIGHT OR OTHER MATTERS - PLEASE CONTACT US .
Send us nice mail to martinklasch / gmail / com .
( NO SPAM , WE DON'T DO LINK EXCHANGES AND DON'T PUT US ON MAILING LISTS WE DIDN'T ASK FOR ) .
ANYTHING THAT IS NOT SPECIFICALLY WRITTEN FOR US WILL BE CONSIDERED JUNK MAIL AND TREATED AS SUCH .
I am often asked if skeptics and skeptical organizations should undertake first - hand investigations .
Of course , it depends upon what your goals are .
But I think the question can be re-phrased to mean – is there any value or benefit to first hand investigation , and to this the answer is a definite “ yes . ”
But this is not to denigrate the value of skeptical review from the comfort of your computer chair .
This kind of activity has sometimes been referred to as “ armchair skepticism ” – meant to be derogatory .
While I see the value in going out into the field , armchair skepticism has a valuable and complementary role to play .
In fact , these two activities mirror what real scientists do , and are roughly analogous to peer - review vs experimental replication .
Armchair Skepticism
The community of scientists keep each other honest , and keep the process of science grinding forward , in various ways – only one of which is going into the lab to replicate a study or do follow up research .
When a colleague publishes a paper , or presents a paper at a meeting , his colleagues provide analysis and criticism .
Ideas are examined for logic , internal consistency , and plausibility .
Other options , perhaps neglected by the researcher , are explored .
And existing research , perhaps not taken into account by the researcher , is brought up and discussed .
This feedback is provided without ever doing any actual investigation .
When skeptics perform the exact same service to paranormal or fringe claims , this should not be denigrated at all , but seen as providing in our area of expertise the same kind of analysis that scientists provide in theirs .
This “ peer - review ” takes several forms .
First , the term “ peer - review ” is often used to refer to the formal process of reviewing a paper that has been submitted for publication .
I am not referring to this formal peer - review ( which I do not think has any analogy in skeptical activity ) , but rather to the informal peer - review that collectively refers to all the efforts of the scientific community to hammer errors and flaws out of scientific thinking .
Informal peer - review has various manifestations , all of which have analogies in skeptical activism .
For example , scientists will often dissect a specific published paper , analyzing it for weaknesses of methodology , strength of the outcome , how well the authors interpret their own findings , and putting it into the context of plausibility and other published research .
This analysis may be published as a letter or commentary in the same journal as the original study , or incorporated into a talk at a meeting .
Skeptics will often do the exact same thing , but these days published as a blog or article in the skeptical literature .
Scientists will also publish systematic reviews or topic reviews , reviewing all the published evidence and arriving at a bottom - line assessment of the state of the science .
Skeptics do this as well .
This activity does involve “ research , ” but not laboratory or field research – rather it involves researching the literature .
It is getting easier and more viable to perform this activity sitting in front of a computer with internet access , as there are online libraries of published research , and many journals and news outlets have online versions .
Depending upon the topic and the depth of one ’s investigation , it may be necessary to venture into a physical library , but this is getting less and less necessary .
This is the level of research one would do when writing a book , but not for a daily blog post .
Armchair skeptics therefore provide a valuable service , similar to the activity of working scientists .
We can analyze specific claims , topics , or published research for quality , plausibility , and historical and scientific context .
We can then tailor our writing to communicate with our colleagues , the public , or both simultaneously .
We can also provide reference material ( like The Skeptic ’s Dictionary ) , which fills the role of a science textbook or reference website .
Skeptical Investigation
While I am a strong advocate of armchair skepticism , if you have the opportunity to go into the field and do first - hand investigation , you will likely find the experience very illuminating .
Theory and book - learning does only go so far , and there are aspects to paranormal investigations that you would simply not imagine until you are there to see it first hand .
I and my colleagues have performed a number of investigations – mostly haunted houses , but also EVP , channelers , exorcism , and psychics .
Most of these were with other ( less - than - skeptical ) groups .
What was always very striking was how unimpressive the paranormal investigators or claimants were .
We always gave them more credit than they deserved , and were surprised at how easy it was to analyze their evidence .
For example , when we investigated a channeler in Connecticut who claimed to channel the 600 year old spirit of a man from Nepal , I was prepared to have the Nepalese analyzed to see if it was modern or appropriate to the claimed time period .
However , the channeler did not speak any dialect spoken in Nepal , just English with a cheesy regional accent ( it sounded Indian to me ) .
We also went on an EVP ( electronic voice phenomenon ) recording session with some local ghost - hunters .
EVP is basically an exercise in audio pareidolia – listen to static long enough and you will make out words .
We sat in the attic of an allegedly haunted restaurant .
Even though it was relatively quiet in the location , I was struck by how much background noise there was .
When you listen carefully , you can hear voices in the street , the rumblings of any building , and blowing of the fan , and other noises of unclear source .
It was far more noisy than I had anticipated , providing a rich source of raw material for later imaginative listening .
I also actually sat through hours of recorded exorcisms .
This is not an activity I am eager to repeat , but it certainly gave me a more thorough perspective on what goes on in such exorcisms – basically nothing .
They are incredibly boring non-events .
I will also relay the experience of Susan Blackmore , a former ESP researcher who eventually gave up ESP research as fruitless .
She noted that there is only so much you can infer about the quality of another researcher ’s methodology from the published report .
When you actually go into their lab and examine the methods first hand , you get a much better idea of the quality , and may identify flaws that were not apparent from the published description .
And of course , Joe Nickell , who does investigations full time , has many tales of paranormal claims and stories that could not be definitively resolved without on - the - site investigation .
Conclusion
Both armchair skepticism and first - hand investigation are important to skeptical activism .
They are complementary , each filling different needs .
Both also are analogous to activity that working scientists perform in the process of peer - review , new investigations , and replicating previous research .
In the last decade or so I feel that the skeptical community has honed its ability to perform meaningful peer - review of paranormal claims , and communicate the results of that review to the public .
It is also my sense that our overall activism would benefit from increased efforts to perform more first hand investigations .
I would even go beyond replicating the typical haunted house investigation , and do some real hypothesis testing .
This of course takes time and resources , but would be well worth it .
ELIJAH stood atop the quarter - pipe on his skateboard , a lithe prophet in an electric - pink T - shirt .
Below the curved ramp , a group of fresh - faced skate kids , their own boards under their arms , stared up at him in awe .
'' Dude , you can do it !'' cried the kids , aged 12 to 15 .
' ' I know I can , '' called down Elijah , a 25 - year - old professional skateboarder with major sideburns .
'' And I say that out of confidence , not cockiness . ''
With that , he shot down the quarter - pipe , hurtled across the church courtyard and up a wedge ramp into the open air , his board flipping 360 degrees beneath him before his feet found its top again and he landed smoothly on a receiving ramp .
'' Awesome ! '' the chorus of kids called out .
'' That was rad ! ''
Another skater might have basked in the praise .
But Elijah -- Elijah Moore , that is , a skate evangelist from Garland , Tex. -- and the 14 other members of the King of Kings Skateboard Ministries team are quick to say that they do not skate for adulation or even for the thrill of catching big air .
They skate for Jesus .
That is why five skaters from King of Kings , a scruffy evangelical troupe formed in 2002 by Darren Wells in Nampa , Idaho , had brought their hard - core tattoos and radical skate stunts to the courtyard in front of Cornerstone Christian Fellowship in Chandler , Ariz . , on a recent Saturday evening .
A former cookie salesman and a former alcohol abuser , Mr. Wells is a low - key 40 - year - old skateboarder and father of four with flame tattoos on his wrists and a soul patch on his chin .
The team members , Mr. Wells said , '' are not pastors that are out of pastor college wearing a suit and tie ; they 're skaters . ''
He explained their approach : '' They say , ' You can be a hard - core skater and look like I do and still have a heart for the Lord .
You can skate and not be a punk .
You can be about respect for parents , and abstinence , and no drugs . '''
Skateboarding , largely a go - it - alone street sport , has been associated with devil - may - care lawlessness at least since the mid-1960's , when a movie called '' The Devil 's Toy ' ' depicted children skateboarding through the streets , drinking milk and tossing rocks at police officers .
But King of Kings is one of a growing number of Christian evangelical groups successfully using the skateboard not as Satan 's plaything but as an instrument of the Lord .
In their hands -- and under their feet -- it is a powerful tool for reaching out to a gritty subculture that is overlooked by many mainstream churches , even feared by some .
Luis Palau , a mainstream evangelist , said of skateboard outreach : '' It just speaks the language , goes to the right areas of town , where ordinary church people just do n't think of going . ''
He added , '' It 's drawn the attention of kids who thought church rejected them , looked down on them , even feared them , practically , because of their looks . ''
Rick Weigele , an elder with the Christian Cornerstone Fellowship and the skateboarding father of two King of Kings team riders , said that skate missionaries have a street credibility that can resonate with other skaters .
'' If you put a Bible in your hand and go to a skateboard park , they 're going to throw a beer can at you , they 're going to stick knives in your tires , '' he said .
'' But these guys are n't talking about religion ; they 're talking about a relationship with Jesus , and their medium is the skateboard . ''
Or , as Mr. Moore put it : '' I knew God had given me this gift , and I knew I wanted to glorify him with my skateboard .
I wanted to stoke God out . ''
KING of Kings ' edgy , modern version of the old - fashioned revival meeting is only one example of a growing movement of ministries around the country based on extreme sports like snowboarding , surfing and BMX bicycle riding .
These ministries ' effectiveness at reaching young people , several skate pastors said , stems from their grass - roots origins .
Like other extreme athletes , skateboarders are sophisticated , skeptical consumers who can smell establishment phoniness a mile away .
If they sense that they are being preached to by some mainstream evangelical who does n't understand them and their lifestyle , skaters will be off like a shot , grinding the paint off a handrail somewhere with their boards .
If approached by a fellow skater , on the other hand , they are more apt to give him a hearing .
'' We 're true to who we are , '' said Mr. Wells , who owns Reliance Skateboards , a small company that sells boards decorated with tattoo - like Christian - themed graphics .
'' We 're not trying to be soft and bunchy , with flowers ; we 're hard - core skaters . ''
The nation 's first skate church was founded in 1987 in Portland , Ore. , by two top - flight 23 - year - old freestyle skateboarding competitors , Paul Anderson and Clint Bidleman , once freewheeling teenagers who had smoked marijuana and stolen wood to build skateboard ramps .
But after experiencing what they described as a religious transformation , the two skaters were attending a Bible college in Portland when they found themselves relentlessly pursued by their future flock .
'' We were like pied pipers , '' Mr. Anderson said .
'' We did n't want to be ; we would literally try to ditch the kids because we'd want to take a nap , and they 'd find us and say , ' C'mon , dude , let 's go skate ! '''
When a youth pastor at the nearby Central Bible Church saw the instant bond that skateboarding forged between the two men and the kids , he prevailed upon the pair to form a new kind of youth ministry .
Today , Skatechurch , the resulting organization , has a 40 - member staff and two indoor facilities with 11,000 square feet of skating area , where an average of 210 kids skate and hear the Gospel each week .
Mr. Anderson estimates that there are now at least 300 skateboard outreach ministries affiliated with churches nationwide , as well as 30 to 50 skateboard teams that travel locally to skate and preach .
A handful , including King of Kings and the Washington - state - based Boarders for Christ , travel nationwide .
Next weekend , King of Kings will begin a six - and - a - half - month , 70 - stop tour , during which they will appear at churches around the country doing tail slides , 360 - degree flips and a trick called a kid ollie in which they jump over volunteers from the audience .
But even as this new generation of holy rollers seeks to spread its message of faith , traveling skateboard ministries often find the church door closed to them .
Indeed , some skate evangelists say that they occupy an outlaw place in Christendom that mirrors the position of skateboarders in secular society .
'' It 's almost like we 're outcasts , doing what we do , '' said Mr. Wells , the King of Kings founder .
'' Even in the church , we 're not accepted . ''
'' The thing about skateboard culture is that people are just so scared , '' he continued .
'' The higher - ups in churches do n't understand .
They say we wo n't reach anyone or there 's no money for it , and meanwhile they 've got kids skateboarding in their own parking lots that they 're kicking out . ''
But that 's starting to change .
Among the mainstream evangelists who have embraced the skate missionaries is Mr. Palau , who was recently rated the eighth - most - influential Christian in America by The Church Report , a business news magazine for Christian leaders .
Mr. Palau , whose Luis Palau Evangelistic Association is based in Oregon , has written nearly 50 books and in 2003 drew 300,000 people to a two - day faith - based festival in Fort Lauderdale , Fla .
He says that the messages he delivers on daily radio broadcasts are heard on more than 2,100 radio stations in 48 countries .
But he also calls himself a ' ' square ' ' and a ' ' grandpa . ''
'' When the younger guys in the organization came up with the idea in 1999 , '' Mr. Palau recalled , '' and they said we 're going to do skateboarding at our festivals , I 'll tell you the absolute truth : I said , ' What is that ? '
But I soon found out . ''
At each of its Christian festivals in the United States since 2000 , the association has built a 9,000 - square - foot skate park and incorporated demonstrations by top skaters .
Christian BMX riders have also performed .
Mr. Palau is so convinced of skateboarding 's effectiveness in youth ministry that he said he suspected that Jesus himself would be a skater if he walked the earth today .
'' Yeah , I mean , he was young ; I think he'd get on a skateboard and go for it , '' Mr. Palau said .
'' I know St. Paul would . ''
Last year , Mr. Palau 's organization released '' Livin It , '' an evangelistic DVD directed by the born - again Baldwin brother , Stephen , that featured skateboarders and BMX riders doing tricks and talking about their faith .
Luke Braddock of King of Kings , a high - flying skater sponsored by Sessions , a popular brand of action - sports clothing , played a starring role .
Intended as a small , one - time outreach tool , the DVD sold 80,000 copies in 11 months entirely through grass - roots distribution .
It also prompted a flood of calls from churches around the country requesting appearances by Mr. Baldwin and the extreme - sport athletes .
'' We 've started a whole new division , '' said Kevin Palau , the evangelist 's son and the executive director of the Palau ministry .
'' We 've invested millions of dollars in ' Livin It . ' because the response has been so overwhelming . ''
A sequel has been shot and will be distributed beginning next month , in concert with a 30 - city tour featuring BMX riders and skateboarders .
At Cornerstone Christian Fellowship , while team riders with skulls on their T - shirts and tattoos of Old Testament quotations on their calves whizzed up ramps and practiced kick flips , a crowd of skate kids -- grommets , in skateboarding parlance -- worked themselves into a frenzy of adoration .
Every time a skater stopped to catch his breath , the grommets swarmed around him , until the skate evangelists began autographing everything in sight : team photos , cellphones , even the T - shirts and skate shoes the kids were wearing .
Most of the grommets said they had come not for the religion but for the skateboarding .
'' Regular church people are all right , but it 's kind of boring , '' said Jordan Knobloch , 13 .
'' But if my church had skate demos every day , I 'd go . ''
OVER by the team 's van , which was decorated with gothic team logos and skull stickers bearing the words '' Sin ' ' and '' Death , '' the King of Kings riders gathered for a private moment .
Earlier in the day , they had relaxed by playing a violent video game called '' Halo 2 ' ' and had compared iPod playlists ( ' ' I 've got the Bible read by Charlton Heston , '' one skater declared .
'' Super good , dude ! '' ) .
But now a solemnity settled over the young men as they held hands in a circle and prayed .
'' Let God be glorified today with the way we skate and the way we communicate with people , '' intoned Mr. Braddock , a gentle 23 - year - old surfing teacher from Prunedale , Calif. , who believes that God improves his skateboarding by freeing him of guilt .
'' Let us skate to our full potential and first and foremost let your word be spread throughout this place , whether it be by communication or the way we treat people .
I pray that we can share your awesomeness . ''
When the prayers were done , the team members let out raucous hoots and hollers , and a couple of skaters chugged cans of Red Bull , the nonalcoholic energy drink .
As most of the skate ministers headed back to do tricks on the street course , which the team carries with it in a battered trailer , a crowd of wide - eyed grommets descended on Mr. Moore , who told them how he had come to spurn sponsorship from a well - known secular skateboard company in favor of King of Kings , back when the ministry was virtually unknown .
' ' I made the best decision in skateboarding , '' said Mr. Moore , who works in a skate shop in Texas .
'' Now I 'm touring , I get to kick it with you all , and not only do I get to ride with rad guys , but I get to ride with guys who are stoked on Jesus . ''
Over the next two hours , 160 college students and a handful of skate kids gathered inside the church to listen to a Christian band and to Mr. Baldwin , who told the crowd how he had been called to promote extreme sports as a ministry after telling God , '' I 'll do whatever you want me to do , but it better be cool , it better be gnarly . ''
Then the crowd filed outside to watch the skaters perform crooked grinds and kick flips and even a Miller flip to fakie , a trick in which Mr. Braddock sails up a quarter - pipe and does a back flip at the top , supporting himself upside down with one hand .
Finally , Shawn Plimmer , the team 's heavily tattooed manager , said that God had taught the King of Kings skaters that '' we can do the sickest tricks and try to go out with girls , '' but that only a relationship with the Lord could bring true peace .
Mr. Moore testified about the time he found Jesus while lost in a hallucinogenic stupor , and then Mr. Braddock stepped forward , tears in his eyes , and challenged the crowd '' to come forward if you 're bold enough and say ' I want Jesus Christ to be Lord of my life . '''
Seated on benches nearby , team members put their hands together in prayer and rocked on their skateboards .
For a long time there was silence , and then a tearful young woman emerged from the audience and walked to the middle of the skate course , followed by another , a close friend of a King of Kings rider .
'' Awesome ! Praise God ! ''
Mr. Braddock said .
The skate evangelists wrapped the women in their arms , and Mr. Baldwin joined in , the mass of bodies forming a big group hug .
Mr. Plimmer added , '' God really has an awesome plan for all of us . ''
After watching the skate ministers in action , Antonio Dellacioppa , a 15 - year - old skateboarder with braces and sandy brown hair , reflected on the King of Kings athletes ' raw expression of their faith .
'' I think they 're a lot easier to listen to than the guys who come to the front door , '' he said .
'' I respect their religion . ''
Sure , but what about their skateboarding ?
Do they catch more air because they 've got Jesus ?
'' Probably , '' Mr. Dellacioppa said with a grin .
'' It was the wings that lifted them up . ''
Photos : EVANGELIST -- Luke Braddock , above , of the King of Kings Skateboard Ministries , at a church in Chandler , Ariz .
Below , a skate evangelist embraces a young woman who came forward to rededicate herself to Jesus .
( Photographs by Jeff Topping for The New York Times ) ( pg. F1 ) ; SKATING WITH A MESSAGE -- Luke Braddock , above with microphone , at a King of Kings skateboarding performance in Chandler , Ariz .
Below from left , Dave Voetberg , Mason Cornwell , Mr. Braddock and Chris Weigele , all evangelical skateboarders .
Below right , the actor Stephen Baldwin , who has the letters KKSM , for King of Kings Skateboard Ministries , tattooed on his arm .
( Photographs by Jeff Topping for The New York Times ) ( pg. F2 )
For a selection of print ads , click here .
By Branko Collin
Woonerfs are streets where the boundaries between the areas for drivers , cyclists and pedestrians have been eradicated on purpose , making them true shared spaces ; and Toronto wants one .
Says National Post :
Waterfront Toronto said yesterday that , thanks to CAN $ 5.3 million from Ottawa [ federal government ] , it will turn the one - hectare stretch of city and provincially owned land [ near the Don Valley Parkway on / off ramps ] into a park , complete with ball hockey and basketball courts , community gardens , ‘ ribbon ’ benches and climbing structures for children .
Waterfront Toronto also attempted yesterday to slip a Dutch word into the local vernacular , promising to build “ woonerf ” to bisect the new residential buildings north of Underpass Park .
Designers say “ woonerf ” are streets , popular in Holland , that are cobbled in pavers .
Woonerf do not have sidewalks or lines painted on them , and favour pedestrians and cyclists over cars .
Typical woonerfs have a speed limit for motorized vehicles that approaches regular walking speed ( though the Dutch supreme court has upped this to 15 kilometres per hour ) .
The idea is to make car drivers realize they are guests in an area where children may play on the street .
Livablestreets.coms has this to say about the woonerf definition :
The five primary criteria for a woonerf , as outlined by Donald Appleyard in his 1981 book Livable Streets , include gateways that announce that one has entered the woonerf ; curves to slow vehicle traffic ; amenities such as trees and play equipment that serve the dual purpose of forcing vehicles to slow down ; no curbs ; and intermittent parking so that cars do not form a wall of steel between the roadway and houses .
Woonerf literally means ‘ living space , ’ and is pronounced woan - erf .
( Photo by Payton Chung , some rights reserved )
This entry was posted on Monday , March 29th , 2010 at 8:27 am and is filed under Architecture , Automobiles , Bicycles .
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
You can leave a response , or trackback from your own site .
NEW YORK -- Starting with quarterback Sam Bradford going to the St. Louis Rams , the first NFL draft in prime time was a showcase for the Big 12 .
The Oklahoma junior became the eighth quarterback since 2001 taken atop the draft .
He was immediately followed Thursday night by defensive tackle Ndamukong Suh of Nebraska , the AP player of the year ; and defensive tackle Gerald McCoy and offensive tackle Trent Williams , Bradford 's teammates with the Sooners .
" You have no idea how excited I am just to have the opportunity to come to St. Louis and play my NFL career there , " Bradford said in a conference call .
" It 's just a blessing and I can't wait to get there and get to work . "
Bradford , the 2008 winner of the Heisman Trophy appeared in three games in 2009 , his junior year , before undergoing right shoulder surgery .
His recovery has been so complete that the Rams , who went 1 - 15 last season and scored a league - low 175 points , did n't hesitate to make him the future face of the franchise .
After trading down twice , the Denver Broncos traded up in the draft to take Tim Tebow with the Ravens ' 25th pick .
The selection of the Florida quarterback drew the loudest reaction -- a mix of cheers and boos -- from the audience .
Denver gave up picks in the second , third and fourth rounds .
" I want to be a great quarterback , " Tebow said . " ...
For the next few years , my mindset is going to be to repay [ Broncos head coach Josh McDaniels ] for what he did for me , believing in me .
Just like it was when I was at Florida .
My biggest joy was doing things for Coach [ Urban ]
Meyer , winning championships , being able to help him . "
Tebow was the third Florida player chosen -- and by far the most controversial selection .
A winner for four years with the Gators , including two national championships , his unorthodox style and strange throwing motion made for widely divided opinions on him .
Although it 's highly unlikely he 'll be the starting quarterback in five months ' time , Tebow will begin his NFL career Sept. 12 in his hometown of Jacksonville when the Broncos play the Jaguars in their season opener .
In the end , nine first - rounders and five of the top six picks came from the Big 12 .
" That 's pretty cool because I know the Big 12 has been getting a lot of slack lately , " Bradford said .
" People for some reason did n't think that we played much football in the Big 12 and sure did n't think we played much defense , so for two defensive tackles to go in the first three picks is a credit to the Big 12 . "
Nebraska's
Suh went to the Detroit Lions with the second pick and was greeted by " SUH , SUH , " as he walked onto the stage holding a Lions jersey .
The Heisman Trophy finalist becomes the first defensive tackle to be drafted among the top two picks in the NFL draft since Oakland took Darrell Russell in 1997 .
The 6 - foot - 4 , 307 - pound Suh was the first defensive player to win the AP player of the year award since its inception in 1998 .
He had 4 ½ sacks against Texas in the Big 12 title game and finished with 12 sacks for the season .
WASHINGTON — Just over three years ago , early in his uphill campaign for president , Senator Barack Obama wrote to the Federal Reserve chairman and the Treasury secretary calling for a summit conference to address signs of trouble in the housing and financial markets .
While Mr. Obama could not have known how bad things would get , then as now he saw a muscular role for government in enforcing regulations in the public ’s interest , while weighing them against the industry ’s interests so both would benefit .
It is an approach that he is likely to outline again on Thursday , as the president speaks near Wall Street in a bid to make the closing argument for the regulatory overhaul now before the Senate .
“ Throughout our history there have been times where the financial sector swung way out of balance , ” Mr. Obama said on Wednesday in an interview with CNBC and The New York Times , citing the period that led to the Depression as the primary example .
The actress who played a prospective girlfriend with Down syndrome on Family Guy has lashed back at former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , saying she does n’t understand sarcasm for a remark during the program where she said her mother was the “ former governor of Alaska . ”
Palin attacked the shows ’ writers for what she saw as a low blow jab at her son , Trig , who has Down syndrome .
But the actress , who has Down syndrome herself , fired back at Palin for toting her son around “ like a loaf of French bread . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ In my family we think laughing is good , ” actress Andrea Fay Friedman quipped .
“ My parents raised me to have a sense of humor and to live a normal life .
My mother did not carry me around under her arm like a loaf of French bread the way former Governor Palin carries her son Trig around looking for sympathy and votes . ”
“ I was born with Down syndrome , ” Friedman added .
“ I played the role of Ellen on the ‘ Extra Large Medium ’ episode of Family Guy that was broadcast on Valentine ’s day .
Although they gave me red hair on the show , I am really a blonde .
I also wore a red wig for my role in ‘ Smudge ’ but I was a blonde in “ Life Goes On ” .
I guess former Governor Palin does not have a sense of humor .
I thought the line ‘ I am the daughter of the former governor of Alaska ’ was very funny .
I think the word is ‘ sarcasm . ' ”
In a follow - up interview with The New York Times Friedman said she felt the characterization was funny .
“ Do you agree with what she and her daughter Bristol were saying , that the character and the jokes were insulting to people with Down syndrome ? ” the Times asked .
“ It ’s not really an insult , ” she replied .
“ I was doing my role , I ’m an actor .
I ’m entitled to say something .
It was really funny .
I was laughing at it .
I had a nice time doing voiceover .
It was my first time doing a voiceover , and I had fun . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Freidman ’s full interview with The Times is available here .
Palin ’s daughter , Bristol , issued a statement rebuking Family Guy ’s writers for allegedly using her brother disparagingly .
“ As a culture , should n’t we be more compassionate to innocent people – especially those who are less fortunate ? ”
Palin wrote in a statement posted on her mother ’s Facebook page .
“ Should n’t we be willing to say that some things just are not funny ?
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Are there any limits to what some people will do or say in regards to my little brother or others in the special needs community ? ”
Palin ’s daughter added .
“ If the writers of a particularly pathetic cartoon show thought they were being clever in mocking my brother and my family yesterday , they failed .
All they proved is that they ’re heartless jerks . ”
It ’s that time again for another one of those barely useful PlayStation 3 firmware updates ( I still have n’t forgot about in - game music Sony .
At least let me get in - menu music ) …
But back to the subject at hand .
Firmware update 3.30 is now available to be downloaded and it is a mandatory update .
Firmware 3.30 includes an updated support for the trophy system and software coding to prepare the PS3 for 3D gaming before the launch of their amazing new 3D Sony Bravia TV’s .
Information on the trophy support additions can be found below .
* Trophy enhancements –- Now you can more easily sort trophies in the [ Trophy Collection ] and [ Comparing Trophy ] sections .
Sorting can be done with [ Trophy Collection ] in the [ Game Category ] and also when comparing trophies with your friends in the [ Friend Category ]
* Trophy Folder ( Title List ) can be sorted by game name / by title according to the date in which you earned your last trophy ( ascending / descending )
* Add - on list ( Group list ) can be sorted by original / the date in which you earned your last trophy ( ascending / descending )
* Trophy list can be sorted by original / trophy name / grade / date of obtaining the trophy ( ascending / descending )
By Jonathan Amos
Science correspondent , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The remarkable remains of two ancient human - like creatures ( hominids ) have been found in South Africa .
The fossils of a female adult and a juvenile male - perhaps mother and son - are just under two million years old .
They were uncovered in cave deposits at Malapa not far from Johannesburg .
Researchers tell the journal Science that the creatures fill an important gap between older hominids and the group of more modern species known as Homo , which includes our own kind .
The team has assigned the name Australopithecus sediba to their finds .
" It 's at the point where we transition from an ape that walks on two legs to , effectively , us , " lead scientist Professor Lee Berger of the University of the Witwatersrand told BBC News .
" I think that probably everyone is aware that this period of time - that period between 1.8 and just over two million years [ ago ] - is one of the most poorly represented in the entire early hominid fossil record .
You 're talking about a very small , very fragmentary record , " he explained .
Rapid burial
Many scientists regard the Australopithecines as being directly ancestral to Homo but the precise placement of A. sediba in the human family tree is already proving controversial , with some scientists arguing the species may well be a Homo itself .
The Malapa creatures lived right on the cusp of the emergence of Homo species .
Indeed , there are some fossils from East Africa thought to be Homo that are slightly older than the new specimens .
A. sediba has a fascinating mix of features - some archaic , some modern .
I called my dad over and about five metres away he started swearing , and I was like ' what did I do wrong ? ' and he 's like , ' nothing , nothing - you found a hominid '
Matthew Berger
Its small teeth , projecting nose , very advanced pelvis , and long legs throw forward to more modern forms .
And yet its very long arms and small brain case might echo the much older Australopithecine group to which Professor Berger and colleagues have assigned it .
The Malapa fossils were unearthed in the famous Cradle of Humankind World Heritage Site , which has yielded many fine fossils down the years .
They were pulled from a pit - what is left of a cave complex that has lost its roof through erosion over time .
The bones were located within a metre or so of each other , suggesting they died at the same time or very soon after one another .
It is entirely possible they were mother and son , says Professor Berger 's group .
At the very least , it seem reasonable to assume they knew each other and belonged to the same troupe , the team adds .
The scientists speculate the creatures either fell into the cave complex or became stuck in it .
It is likely their bodies were then swept into an underground lake or pool , perhaps during a rainstorm .
Their bones were laid down with the remains of other dead animals , including a sabre - toothed cat , antelope , mice and rabbits .
The fact that none of the bodies appear to have been scavenged indicates that all died suddenly and were entombed rapidly .
" We think that there must have been some sort of calamity taking place at the time that caused all of these fossils to come down together into the cave where they got trapped and ultimately buried , " said team - member Professor Paul Dirks from James Cook University in Queensland , Australia .
All were preserved in the hard calcified clastic sediment that formed at the bottom of a pool of water .
A view across the Cradle of Humankind landscape
Vigorous debate about the significance of finds in the field of palaeoanthropology is common , and A. sediba has already generated much comment within the scientific community .
Professor Colin Groves , from the Australian National University , said his assessment of the Malapa hominids led him to conclude that they were actually a new species of Homo , not Australopithecus .
" In fact , the authors themselves pointed to certain similarities with early Homo , seeming even to admit that the predominance of its features were with Homo , only the small cranial capacity being really an " australopithecine " feature , " he commented .
" But we now know of [ the Indonesian ' Hobbit ' species ]
Homo floresiensis with the cranial capacity more or less the same as the new species . "
Paul Dirks stands in the Malapa pit that was once a deep cave complex
The richness of the fossil finds means the Malapa cave complex is likely to keep scientists busy for many years .
In addition to the two hominids reported in the journal Science , the remains of two further individuals are in the process of excavation .
The site was found by the team thanks to the " virtual globe " software Google Earth , which allowed the group to map and visualise the most promising fossil grounds in the World Heritage Site .
The first discovery of A. sediba remains was made in August 2008 .
The very first bone was picked up by Professor Berger 's nine - year - old son , Matthew .
" I turned the rock over and I saw the clavicle sticking out - that 's the collar bone .
I did n't know what it was at first ; I thought it was just an antelope , " the youngster told BBC News .
" So I called my dad over and about five metres away he started swearing , and I was like ' what did I do wrong ? ' and he 's like , ' nothing , nothing - you found a hominid ' . "
The scientists say they will hold a competition in South Africa to give the juvenile specimen a name , to help people identify better with the species , just as they can with the 3.2 - million - year - old Australopithecus afarensis creature found in Ethiopia and known to the world simply as " Lucy " .
The name " sediba " means " fountain " or " wellspring " in the Sesotho language spoken in South Africa
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
“ The clock on the wall ’s moving slower
My heart it sinks to the ground
And the storm that I thought would blow over
Clouds the light of the love that I found ”
– Fool in the Rain , Led Zeppelin
More often than not , we here in Silicon Valley are prone to idealism .
We see a scenario the way we want to see it , and make predictions that fit our view of how we think the world should work , or perhaps even how we would like the world to be .
This is especially true when it comes to technology .
Outsider “ luddites ” who do not immediately grok the remarkable disruptive power of our latest and greatest technologies are doomed to the business trash heap – driven there by obsolescence and an obstinate refusal to accept their fate .
Often times , our version of them “ accepting their fate ” would require them to abandon everything they know , walk away from the majority of their revenue , and terminate 80 % of their employees .
But hey , that ’s their problem , not ours .
We love disruption .
It serves our purpose .
One often discussed target of such criticism is the media industry .
There is a widespread belief that Hollywood now faces the same digital threat that has plagued the music industry over the past ten years .
The argument goes something like this :
There is nothing Hollywood can do to stop this train .
The problem , you see , is that technology is merciless , impersonal , and unforgiving .
Video can be turned into bits ; Moore ’s Law will make a pile of bits smaller and smaller over time ; and efforts to erect pay walls will prove fruitless and even Quixotic .
Studio heads should simply throw in the towel now and take what ’s coming to them .
Denial equals delay , and delay costs you time away from learning how to execute within your new constraints .
All content will be free , and you simply have to live with that fact .
The sooner you get in touch with it the sooner you will learn to execute in the new reality .
There are three key reasons why Hollywood is under less duress than Silicon Valley wants to believe .
For starters , the leaders are wide - awake .
Ever since Boxee offered Hulu ( and were told to stop ) , the executive ranks at the major cable companies have been alert and engaged .
Second , Hollywood has a solid track record of enforcement .
They understand the stakes are high , and they are willing to invest in lobbying , regulation , litigation , and enforcement .
They are also unafraid to throw around their weight ( witness Viacom vs. Google ) .
The final and most significant reason is that this is a massive , massive business , and it is critically important to understand where the money flows ( most people do n’t ) .
You can spend plenty of time talking about other issues , but when it comes to understanding the key factor at play in nearly every major business decision in television , you will find affiliate fees – all $ 32 billion of them .
For those who do not know , affiliate fees are the primary revenue stream that funds today ’s mainstream television content development .
These are basically a “ share ” of the subscription fee you pay to your cable or satellite operator that is then shared back to the content owner / distributor ( typically on a per subscriber basis ) .
As an example , you will hear that some less notable cable - only channel was able to negotiate $ 0.25 / sub / month , or that ESPN can negotiate $ 2.00 / sub / month , because any aggregator would be afraid to market a television package without ESPN .
Over the past 30 years , these fees have become the lifeblood of the TV content business – affecting how the major aggregators think and operate , and also affecting how content is produced , financed , and packaged .
Here are some specifics to help frame the issue .
According to Matthew Harrigan at Wunderlich Securites , in 2009 DirecTV paid approximately $ 37 / sub out of an ARPU of $ 85 / sub to content owners for programming costs ( i.e. affiliate fees ) .
In this case , affiliate fees represent roughly 43 % of total revenue for DirecTV .
Similarly for Comcast , Matthew estimates programming costs at 37 % of video revenue ( Comcast has high - speed data and voice revenue that are separate ) .
These are just two examples , but to give you a sense of scale these numbers represent around $ 7 - 8 billion / year each for Comcast and DirecTV .
The recent , and very well written Business Week cover story on this same topic pegs the aggregate fees of all content providers at $ 32B per year .
These are big , big numbers .
To put things in perspective this is about 33 % higher than Google ’s annual global revenues including revenues for its advertising network .
These affiliate dollars flow through to the content producers .
Estimates suggest that the annual affiliate fee revenue at companies like Viacom and Disney is around $ 1.5B and $ 2.0B respectively .
On their own , numbers this large would obviously be motivational to corporate executives .
But the reaction is even more intense because affiliate fees “ feel like ” 100 % gross margin revenue .
From a cost accounting perspective , a studio should allocate these fees across the content development costs , and therefore , they are not explicitly 100 % GM .
But as there are no significant variable costs related to the deployment of these programs to the carrier , most content owners cannot help but think about affiliate fees as 100 % gross margin and therefore the key contributor to overall profitability .
Affiliate fee optimization is the key objective behind many of the industry ’s most high profile strategic moves .
Here are a few examples .
Cablevision vs WABC .
Recently , there was a high profile stand - off between WABC in New York City and Cablevision .
As is often the case , the content owner here was threatening to cut - off access to their content precisely before a very high profile and high demand piece of content was set to air .
This particular piece of content was the Oscars .
A cable channel owner holds up a cable company to extract a higher per-sub affiliate fee for the next contract .
They always put the customer in the middle , and both sides try to argue that they are virtuous and that the other is greedy .
There have been numerous examples like this over the years , and it is common to see one of these showdowns each and every year .
Modern Day Cable Channel Strategy .
Comcast Acquires NBC .
Why would a cable distribution network want to own content ?
First , it ’s a hedge against rising content costs ( affiliate fees ) .
Second , it offers leverage vis -à - vis their competition .
DirecTV needs NBC .
DirecTV will have to negotiate affiliate fees for NBC with Comcast ( Comcast also owns other channels like E! Entertainment , The Golf Channel and Versus ) .
This helps keep Comcast ’s business model in check .
It ’s also why Comcast made a huge play for Disney in 2004 .
Affiliate fees have been rising for some time .
Networks Ask for Fees .
For the longest time , the major networks were not part of the affiliate fee gravy train .
In fact , due to “ must carry ” laws , most networks never considered intentionally restricting their own distribution .
They were simply pleased to get redistributed over cable and satellite .
As these fees have grown in size and importance , the networks have changed their position and have come to the table asking for affiliate fees also .
The WABC case above is one such example .
Oprah Asks for Fees. Sports Networks
Ask for Fees .
Affiliate fees are driving an endless supply of channels for anyone that has “ must see ” content .
The NFL has a channel , and had some high profile disagreements with the carriers over the “ need ” for its affiliate fee .
You also see an NBA channel , an MLB channel , and pro wrestling is vying for one as well .
If you own exclusive content , you might as well build a channel around it .
This endless proliferation of channels will one day reach a limit , but for now it ’s the game on the field .
Hulu / Boxee .
In addition to not appreciating these money flows , most of the digerati in Silicon Valley have huge misperceptions about the content owner ’s preferences .
They assume that content owners would like to distribute directly to consumers precisely because the Internet allows them to do so .
They would no longer be in the “ death grip ” of the content packager ( cable and satellite companies ) who take an unreasonable fee for their services .
This is simply not how these content owners view the world .
Content owners absolutely prefer to be aggregated in a bundle of channels and , as a result , to receive affiliate fees .
They also have little interest in “ a la carte ” packaging , a concept dreamed up by regulators in Washington but not desired by the heads of the content studios .
Simply put , there is adequate value provided in distribution and revenue collection .
To launch a direct channel ( and forgo these fees ) , and then attempt to regain your customers one by one is a harrowing experience .
Why earn your customers one by one when you can get to mass volumes , and a fixed amount of recurring revenue , through a distribution partner ?
If you create a new piece of camping equipment would you sell it online or try to obtain distribution through REI ?
ESPN360 is a solid example of content owner ’s preference for the affiliate fee driven / distribution partner model .
As the Internet became fast and pervasive , ESPN ( owned by ABC / Disney ) saw a clear opportunity to deliver more programming to their users and launched an online - only product called ESPN360 ( recently renamed ESPN3 ) .
This on - demand , “ over the top ” offering is a killer product for the true sports fan , offering access to significantly more live games that was ever possible on a traditional linear cable channel .
Despite the fact that ESPN has the brand , the reach , the market power , and the technology to charge users directly for this new product , they chose a different path .
ESPN sought out distribution partners to bundle ESPN360 in with their standard video television packages , even though this was confusing and even baffling to most Internet users .
So against this backdrop , the cable companies have developed a remarkably shrewd strategy to simultaneously leverage their broadband infrastructure and affiliate - fee money flows .
This concept , known as TV Everywhere , has two main components ( once again , this move by the cable companies is extremely well articulated in the recent Business Week cover story on the same subject ) .
First , you tell your customers that you want to provide them with a killer new service .
They are already paying for all the content they receive through the linear channel stack .
What if that same content could be viewed at any time “ on - demand ” and also through multiple devices ( TV , PC , and mobile ) ?
Sounds great so far .
Who would n’t want this ?
And “ everything ” on a service like Comcast is more than any digital aggregator has yet even dreamed of aggregating .
Ignore for a moment that this is not completely working just yet and focus on what they will “ eventually ” deliver .
It ’s also helpful to show the FCC you are being innovative , and not resting on your laurels the way a true monopolist would .
Check .
Next comes the clever part .
The cable companies go to the content owners and make the following argument .
With Internet - connected TVs on the horizon , you can no longer separate the Internet from the TV or the office from the living room .
We pay you an affiliate fee to distribute your content to the homes we serve .
We understand you have multiple distribution partners .
What we do n’t understand is why you would give content to some of them for free , and still expect us to pay our fees .
Check - mate .
This is the move that forced Hulu to a subscription model .
The content owners , struggling with depressed advertising rates as a result of the global recession , quickly acquiesced to Rupert Murdoch ’s assertion that maybe all their content should have a price .
Disruption disrupted .
Some have even suggested that Comcast has approached the large networks and offered an “ extra ” affiliate fee of around $ 0.50 / sub to pay for over - the - top rights .
Proactively increasing your own costs is a fairly unique business strategy .
But this move also increases the costs for the disrupters , who are far less likely to be able to afford it .
As a result of these maneuvers , the current trend in the market is for less rather than more prime - time content to be openly available for free on the Internet .
Do you remember when South Park boldy made all episodes available for free on the Internet ?
Check out where things are today .
Try to watch the recent Facebook parody “ You Have 0 Friends , ” and you will receive the official message “ DUE TO PRE - EXISTING CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS , WE CANNOT STREAM THIS EPISODE UNTIL 05.08.10 . ”
They may have wanted it to be free , until someone threatened to take their affiliate fees away .
Viacom also recently removed shows like “ The Daily Show ” and “ The Colbert report ” from Hulu noting that “ we could not agree on a price . ”
Suggesting there is a “ price ” at all would indicated they were discussing affiliate fees , as opposed to ad splits .
While this likely enrages the disruption enthusiasts , expect this trend to continue over the next year .
More and more content owners will rip their shows “ over the paid wall ” as they get reacquainted with their own affection for affiliate fees .
There is much speculation about Hulu ’s forthcoming subscription launch with many journalists hopefully optimistic that Hulu as we know it will remain free and that all sorts of new features ( TV support , iPhone support ) and content ( movies , back catalog ) will be behind the paid wall .
They may be surprised to find that “ paying ” may be necessary just to obtain what users see today .
Affiliate fee parity may demand it .
So does this imply the end of all digital packagers ?
Not at all .
Most clearly , NetFlix has successfully built a hybrid physical / digital strategy while maintaining its “ all you can eat ” model .
It is also going toe - to - toe with other packagers by striking deals to lock up digital content ( including TV programming ) .
Furthermore , Hulu has executed well beyond anyone ’s original expectation , and there is no reason to expect that to change as they move to a new model .
One would expect them to continue to lead in terms of ease - of - use and simplicity even within a new model .
Also keep in mind that Amazon has a strong VOD offering integrated into its overall purchasing experience , and many suspect both Apple and Google will enter the game as well .
Despite this level of competition , all of theses vendors will need to find unique ways to compete against TV Everywhere .
And with “ free ” off the table , the dimensions of competition will be inherently less disruptive .
There are two other potential challenges for non-facilities based content aggregators .
First , as was the case with Satellite radio , we may see a “ no holds barred ” price war break out in an attempt to grab “ exclusive ” content to distinguish one ’s package .
As we all know , exclusive deals with the likes of Howard Stern nearly killed XM and Sirrus .
DirecTV already pays $ 700 million per year to the NFL to have an exclusive offering of every NFL game on every weekend ( NFL Sunday Ticket ) , and they recently coughed up over $ 4 billion to extend this deal .
Wow .
What if other digital “ packagers ” look for unique differentiation by leveraging the cash on their balance sheet ?
If this happens , any digital aggregator without deep pockets will be holding a knife at a gun fight .
The second externality that could cause trouble is “ bandwidth limits ” or “ metered usage ” on the Internet .
While some people assume this will never happen ( especially the idealist in Silicon Valley ) , the quiet momentum is building .
There are continuing tests at AT&T and Time Warner , and AT&T ’s president Randall Stephenson spoke openly about metered Internet pricing as recently as a month ago .
Also , the Supreme Court recently put the kibosh on the FCC ’s deliberate effort to make net neutrality one of its defining policies .
This is perhaps an entirely separate post , but one should be confident that the rate charged the consumer by the owner of the transport for one hour of Internet video would be quite a bit higher than that for one hour of the same video over their own “ optimized ” TV infrastructure ( backed up with an ample helping of technical analysis and white papers ) .
The fox is n’t just guarding the henhouse , he designed it .
There are still two legitimate arguments that trump all these discussions of affiliate fees and deft corporate strategy – piracy and content democratization .
Let ’s start with piracy .
What if “ BitTorrent 2.0 ” in whatever form it takes is just blatantly unstoppable ?
No matter what you do , content has become too small relative to the big broad pipes and storage devices .
Technology trumps determination , and the minute something has been shown once , it will be free for all takers .
Is n’t this true in China today ?
It ’s a big leap from expecting this to happen “ someday ” to expecting a content creator / owner to throw caution to the wind and immediately adopt a strategy that is congruent with unlimited free distribution ( what is this strategy by the way ?
ca n’t ads be removed also ? ) .
Technology is inevitably a tough competitor , but so is regulation and enforcement , and you should expect that a mighty effort on the part of a multi-billion dollar industry would mute any expectation of an overnight transformation .
In her latest post at All Things Digital , Kara Swisher suggests that a recent increase in the number of intellectual property enforcement officers at the DOJ may be a direct response to the immediate needs of the entertainment industry .
Other cheerleaders of the disruption bandwagon point to the undeniable future where the availability of low - cost , high - feature camcorders at BestBuy will lead to a mass democratization of content creation .
In this brave new world , the bloated and lavish infrastructure of Hollywood will give way to thousands of mini-Tarantinos who produce hit after hit on shockingly low new - world budgets that redefine the content creation business .
This is the video equivalent of the infinite monkey theorem .
While this may be true when it comes to low - budget formats like game shows , talk shows , and reality television , today ’s fussy television viewer has come to expect a product that is much more equivalent to feature films than home movies .
Each episode of Lost costs well over $ 1 mm to produce .
Cheap cameras do not disrupt “ production quality ” .
And let ’s not forget that The Blair Witch Project was over ten years ago , and desperately stands alone as an exception and not a rule .
In the long run , the disruption zealots may be right .
It may all come undone in the unstoppable Armageddon of unlimited “ all you can eat ” content enabled by the undeniable liberation of all bits big and small .
But with $ 32 billion on the line , do n’t expect it to happen overnight .
You will be sorely disappointed .
Enterprise Adoption
The Boston Red Sox IT group had been left stranded on base by manual processes that handled ticket requests , invoices and fan mail .
But now that they 've built an intranet portal using SharePoint 2010 they 're speeding towards home .
Commercial real estate firm Colliers implemented SharePoint 2010 to help its global workforce collaborate .
So far it has been a huge success , but the firm had to customize SharePoint 's search tools and user interface design before getting all its people on the same page .
Is your company using SharePoint to the fullest ?
Probably not .
According to Microsoft there are three phases of SharePoint use that range from connecting employees through social networking to building new technologies that boost the bottom line .
CIO 's Al Sacco offers a first look at the upcoming BlackBerry Client for Microsoft SharePoint , along with details on the add-on .
SharePoint content is sprawling , and requires that IT support content sharing and collaboration while also enforcing strict policies within departments to keep sensitive documents out of the wrong hands .
Here are five ground rules for protecting content in SharePoint .
SharePoint is an enterprise behemoth , but getting it up and running is still rife with challenges , according to a new survey .
A new survey shows workers still fear the SharePoint .
IT must narrow SharePoint deployments and educate users , says one analyst .
Sony Electronics is tapping SharePoint 2010 's social networking and document sharing tools to better unify its far - flung workforce .
SharePoint in the Cloud
Here 's a look at how and why the Hendrick Automative Group is using Microsoft 's Office 365 cloud service to relieve an overburdened staff , scale the company and save money .
Take a look at a slew of cool features inside Microsoft 's cloud - based service that combines Office , SharePoint , Lync and Exchange .
Microsoft 's focus at the Office 365 launch event in New York City was on small and midsize businesses .
For enterprises , however , moving to Office 365 is more complicated , but benefits await those big businesses that plan accordingly .
Several companies , including Manpower and Tampa General Hospital , are announcing their adoption of Microsoft BPOS applications , pointing to progress the software giant is making in the cloud realm and also to new features and pricing models users would like to see as such software becomes a bigger part of corporate IT .
With the new Office 365 , Microsoft is saying bye to BPOS and re-packaging some collaboration and Office apps .
But as usual , it produced a confusing pile of versions :
We break down your options .
The Redmond giant takes on the cloud with the release of Office 2010 and SharePoint 2010 .
SharePoint 's many moving pieces have not traditionally fit neatly into the cloud .
But SharePoint 2010 addresses that problem — with three key changes .
Corporate VP of Microsoft Online Services Ron Markezich discusses the joys and pitfalls of productivity apps in the cloud , how to mix your own data center with Microsoft 's cloud model , and the rising tide of BPOS competitors .
Hint :
It 's not just Google .
The Bandidos Who Got Away Mass Biker Defection Has Berlin Bracing for Violence
There has never been a shortage of brutality between the biker gangs Bandidos and Hell 's Angels .
But after 70 members of a Berlin club defected to their erstwhile rivals , police in the German capital are bracing for violence .
Get a comfortable computer chair or some comfortable headphones for your Ipod .
This shit is 20 minutes long over Jay Electronica ’s Exhibit C beat .
Off Games new mixtape with DJ Drama called The Red Room ( coming soon ) .
That is all , leave your thoughts .
“ I ’m all Madden ” Yes , he had time to drop some gaming references .
Props to 2dopeboyz .
Share this :
Tweet
The Air Force 's Falcon Hypersonic Technology Vehicle 2 — designed to attack global targets at Mach 20 — has disappeared nine minutes into its first test flight , just after separating from its booster .
Contact was lost , and it has n't been found yet .
Advertisement
The Falcon was supposed to splash down in the Pacific Ocean after a 30 - minute , 4,100 - nautical - mile test flight .
Not to be confused with the unmanned X - 37B space shuttle — which launched on April 22 — the Falcon Hypersonic Technology Vehicle 2 blasted off last week from the Vandenberg Air Force Base on a Minotaur IV rocket .
Advertisement
Instead of completing its flight , however , the Air Force lost all contact with the aircraft .
According to DARPA 's Johanna Spangenberg Jones :
Preliminary review of data indicates the HTV - 2 achieved controlled flight within the atmosphere at over Mach 20 .
Then contact with HTV - 2 was lost .
This was our first flight ( all others were done in wind tunnels and simulations ) so although of course we would like to have everything go perfectly , we still gathered data and can use findings for the next flight , scheduled currently for early 2011 .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Just that :
The telemetry data signal vanished , and the aircraft is nowhere to be found .
Being a semi- secret project , nothing else has been disclosed .
The only logical explanations are 1 ) a massive structural failure , 2 ) Nazi UFOs or 3 ) somebody lost it in a beer garden .
I will pick number two for the time being .
Inside a Nazi UFO
In an alternative Earth , Hitler had a Plan B : A secret colony on the Moon , founded by troops …
Read more
Advertisement
The hypersonic glider is built by Lockheed Martin under a DARPA program .
It 's designed to launch conventional weapons against any target in the planet in just one hour .
This capability makes it a perfect substitute for Intercontinental Ballistic Missiles .
Unlike ICBMs loaded with conventional heads , the plane can't be mistaken with a nuclear missile , so it wo n't make other nuclear powers to hit the red button .
Maybe . [ Physorg ]
Need a vacation , gentlemen ?
This website offers " introductions " to Czech women , proudly describing them as " NON - Feminist , very healthy and interested in the outdoors and most sports . "
Which reminds me of the time I accidentally hung out with a sex tourist .
Advertisement
It 's not new to suggest , for commercial purposes or otherwise , that men in privileged countries look outside the country to escape the horrors of the liberated women at home .
But it 's rarer to find it so blatantly stated , as on this site ( which also is n't new , but was passed on by a helpful tipster ) .
Then again , this site also suggests that customers look to Donald Trump for hints on how to be classy :
It 's not an accident the DONALD TRUMP married a Czech woman for his first wife and a Slovakian woman for his current wife .
He did not marry a Russian or Ukrainian , showing his good taste and quality judgement [ sic ] in women .
Advertisement
This is something that 's always fascinated me in my travels and those of friends .
The Jamaican men who told me their rotating , much - older Canadian and German girlfriends bought them cars .
The Western expat men in Moscow with local girlfriends kept on allowance .
The young , dark - skinned girls who were the only Cubans seated in Havana restaurants .
You see it at home and abroad : the messy spectrum of sexual and emotional desire as set against economic exploitation and cultural difference .
There are the complex set of motivations and choices made by the women and men who are the economically or geographically disadvantaged party .
And then there are the people — mostly , but not all , men — who create the demand , who get on a plane or go online to exercise the privilege of choosing something they can't get at home .
All this is why I was reading , on a flight back from the Dominican Republic last year , this excellent book on sex tourism in Sosúa , near where my family had been staying .
The book focused on the diffuse , long - term , quasi - commercial relationships of Dominican and Haitian women there with mostly German men .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
" So why are you reading that ? "
It was my seatmate to the right , a white man in his late thirties .
Advertisement
I answered simply , that I was interested in the topic .
He asked what it said about sex tourism in Sosúa , and I said something vague about how I 'd gotten to the part where it discussed how the rise of the eastern coast for tourism had meant there was a lot less sex tourism in the north .
" Oh , " he said .
" I would n't say there was a lot less of it . "
He did n't admit to being a sex tourist , exactly .
But he said quite openly that first - world men had no choice but to go to the Dominican Republic to find real , ladylike types who had n't been ruined by feminism .
As American women had .
Myself included , as he freely added .
Advertisement
A successful Seattle small - business owner who enjoyed outdoor sports , this fellow also said Dominican women really loved him for who he was .
I suggested , trying to be diplomatic , that in a country where almost half the population lives below the poverty line , possibly there was more going on than just his irresistible personality .
He said I was insulting the women by calling them whores .
Okay , so maybe engaging in a conversation with a real - life Internet troll was n't necessarily the best use of my time .
But all the sociology I 'd been reading — and in a captive situation , on an airplane — I wanted to keep asking questions without transparently judging .
Could I avoid a flame war ?
Advertisement
That 's when he told me women were like milk and men were like wine .
I was 25 at the time , and about to go bad , he said , ending up like so many women who thought they could have it all .
" Get on Match.com and you 're going to see a whole lot independent women saying they 're looking for a solid relationship now , " he said .
" Guys do n't want that .
And I 'm being really honest .
We do n't want it .
Because where 's the upside ? "
Advertisement
He 'd been griping about his divorced parents — his mother taking his father " to the cleaners , " and his own divorce .
" The upside is , you 're no longer just the paycheck , " I said .
" She has her own paycheck . "
" Men do n't mind being just the paycheck , " he said .
By this time , my brother , sitting on the other side of me , had joined in .
" You think it 's better that all relationships stay transactional , " he suggested .
Advertisement
" No , that 's just grotesque to say that . "
Nominally Jewish , he said he'd been raised by Jamaican housekeepers , and that was why he only dated black women , except his ex-wife is Asian - American .
He said my brother — who lives with his Jewish feminist - activist girlfriend — would never marry a Jewish woman because Jewish women are " domineering and will bust your balls .
Guys do n't want to have their balls busted . "
Advertisement
" Yeah , but maybe sometimes they deserve it , " I said , sociological distance out the door .
" You know what , they can deserve it , " he said .
" But let somebody else deserve it .
I do n't deserve it .
I deserve to be able to come home to affection and not to a power struggle .
And it 's a power struggle .
And you 're a powerful woman , so you better meet a weak guy . "
Like him , I guess .
A story about a teenager who yearns to be a superhero , and a little girl who ’s the star of her own splatter - happy head trip , the big - screen comic “ Kick - Ass ” could not be more calculating , or cynical .
Fast , periodically spit- funny and often grotesquely violent , the film at once embraces and satirizes contemporary action - film clichés with Tarantino - esque self - regard  it ’s the latest in giggles - and - guts entertainment .
The filmmaking is n’t in the same league , of course , and the blonde doing the slicing and dicing here is n’t Uma Thurman but Chloë Grace Moretz , who was 11 when she slipped into her purple wig and killer affect .
( She ’s now 13 . )
Her casting has set off alarms about the uses and abuses of child performers , though perhaps less for the violence she pantomimes than for the expletives she blithely delivers .
Ms. Moretz plays Mindy Macready , a cutie - pie with blond pigtails , who regularly enters into avenger mode as Hit - Girl .
With Nicolas Cage , who plays Mindy ’s father , Damon , a k a Big Daddy , Ms. Moretz is by far the best thing about the film : she holds the screen as gracefully as she executes a running back flip .
It ’s a good thing , too , because without those monkey moves , Ms. Moretz ’s queasy charm and Mr. Cage ’s patented freak - show turn , “ Kick - Ass ” would quickly fade .
It meanders to a start when Dave Lizewski ( Aaron Johnson ) , a high school dweeb with superhero dreams , buys a green - and - yellow wet suit and takes to the streets as the masked crusader of the film ’s title .
He soon finds plenty of trouble and instantaneous Internet fame , going on to attract the attention of Hit - Girl and Big Daddy as well as that of Frank D’Amico ( Mark Strong ) , a supervillain with a couple of Warhols and a teenager ( Christopher Mintz - Plasse ) .
Eventually , these parts flashily come together for the usual bang , gurgle and splurt .
The man behind this bang - bang is Matthew Vaughn , a British producer of Guy Ritchie crime films who , with “ Layer Cake , ” became a director of Guy Ritchie - style crime films .
Mr. Vaughn wrote the screenplay for his new movie with Jane Goldman , adapting it from the comic illustrated by John Romita Jr. and written by Mark Millar .
Mr. Millar also wrote the comic “ Wanted , ” which was turned into a similarly hyperviolent Angelina Jolie vehicle directed by Timur Bekmambetov .
“ Kick - Ass ” has a far brighter palette than “ Wanted , ” but the body count and certainly its what - me - worry attitude toward bloodletting is comparable .
In “ Wanted , ” slo -mo bullets tear through flesh , allowing you to admire the special - effects handiwork ; here , a goodfella pops a guy in a giant microwave and asks about the setting .
Bada - boom !
“ There are some who may argue that Jacob Zuma ’s sex life is a matter of private morality or ‘ culture ’ but this is not so , ” she said in a statement .
“ His personal behavior has profound public consequences  and he acknowledged as much when he apologized to the nation for having unprotected sex ” with a woman who later accused him of rape .
Image Jacob Zuma was criticized after reports that he had fathered a child out of wedlock .
Credit ...
Pierre Verdy / Agence France - Presse — Getty Images
Mr. Zuma was found not guilty in the 2005 rape trial , saying that the sex had been consensual .
His accuser was a 31 - year - old family friend .
Mr. Zuma said she dressed seductively and crawled under the covers of his bed .
He testified that he had sex with her in fear she would otherwise accuse him of rape .
At the time , Mr. Zuma was South Africa ’s deputy president .
He already had a huge and impassioned following .
However , the trial also opened him to ridicule .
The woman involved was H.I.V. positive , and Mr. Zuma testified that to minimize his risk from infection he took a shower .
With the president ’s sex life now again in the news , his adversaries had an opportunity to mock him .
The Rev. Theunis Botha , the acting leader of the Christian Democratic Party , said Mr. Zuma was “ Tiger Woods , Bill Clinton and Henry VIII all in one . ”
He called for him to resign .
In a front - page commentary with the huge headline “ Shame of the Nation , ” the Sowetan newspaper said that in other democracies Mr. Zuma would be compelled to give up the presidency , adding that none of what he said on World AIDS Day “ came from the heart . ”
However heartfelt , the speech was more than talk .
It was accompanied by a tangible step up in providing AIDS treatment and preventing the infection in newborns .
The new policies were welcomed by the health community .
Mr. Zuma , a husky man with a shaved head , a 100 - watt smile and more than a touch of charisma , is a combination of modernity and tradition , a statesman in well - tailored suits one day and a dancer in leopard skins the next .
Me : “ Hello , and welcome to [ Restaurant ] .
I ’m [ My Name ] , and I ’ll be your server today . ”
Customer : * glares at my necklace , which happens to be pentagon - shaped * “ No !
You worship the devil !
Get me a Christian to serve me ! ”
Me : “ I do n’t worship the devil .
Actually , I – ”
Customer : “ I wo n’t hear your witchy talk devil girl ! ” * sticks her fingers in her ears while her husband just gives me a smile *
Me : “ I ’ll just go and see what I can do for you . ”
( I go to my manager and tell her what ’s going on . )
Manager : * to me * “ Oh , for Pete ’s sake .
Here , just put my necklace on . ”
( The necklace is a cross .
I go back to the table . )
Me : “ Hello , and welcome to [ Restaurant ] .
I ’m [ My Name ] , and I ’ll be your server today . ”
Customer : “ Oh , thank the Lord .
You should have seen the evil girl who was just here , with her black hair and wicked eyes ! ”
( She never noticed I was the same girl .
Her husband never said a word , just had a weary look on his face .
By the way , my hair is red . )
This story is part of the American States roundup !
Want to read the next story ?
Click here !
Want to read the roundup ?
Click here !
Pentagon originally said Marine killed in combat
The Pentagon confirmed late Tuesday that it is investigating the death of a 24 - year - old Indiana Marine after he was shot to death in Afghanistan , allegedly by several US - paid private security contractors .
The contractors , according to a fellow Marine in Afghanistan who communicated with an investigative reporter in Chicago , were Afghanis who were found with “ copious amounts of opium ” and had been paid by the United States as guards .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ He was killed by American Hired Local National Contractors that were high on opium the morning of the 19th , ” the ABC reporter quotes a friend and fellow colleague of Lance Corporal Joshua Birchfield as saying in an email message .
Lance Corporal Joshua Birchfield was killed after being shot in the head Feb. 19 .
The Department of Defense originally reported that he died of “ small arms fire ” while in combat .
But the story is apparently darker and more complex — raising questions of whether the Pentagon originally concealed information about the Marine ’s death .
The Chicago Marine who tipped off the ABC reporter purportedly wrote a detailed email surrounding the circumstances of Birchfield ’s death .
In it , he asserts that the young Marine was killed by Afghanis paid as private contractors .
“ These men are armed to the teeth and supposedly here for our protection , ” the fellow Marine is said to have emailed .
“ We have been shot at by the contractors on several cases before this incident .
We have been told to refrain from returning fire and attempt to identify ourselves as Marines so they stop shooting . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ They are also drug abusers , ” he continued .
“ The shooter was found to have copious amounts of wet opium on him shortly after the shooting … we found a bag of wet opium in the compound that the contractors were using to get high . ”
“ A mix of drugs and gray areas of loyalty between U.S. forces and Taliban seems to be the motivation behind the shooting , ” he added .
The Pentagon , announcing an investigation into the death on Wednesday , declined to say what exactly they were investigating .
ADVERTISEMENT
Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell told the Associated Press “ the military is looking into the circumstances surrounding the Feb. 19 shooting of 24 - year - old Lance Cpl. Joshua Birchfield of Westville .
He declined further comment . ”
“ Maj .
Carl Redding of the Marine Corps confirmed the investigation but referred additional questions to Marine Corps officials in Afghanistan , ” the AP added .
ADVERTISEMENT
Investigators reportedly found the private security guards with drugs and weapons and placed several under arrest .
ABC reporter Chuck Goudie wrote about Birchfield ’s death in a column in the local newspaper The Daily Herald .
Curiously , his column includes the caveat , “ The views in this column are his own and not those of WLS - TV . ” WLS - TV is an ABC affiliate .
Goudies says Birchfield “ was on a security patrol about a half - mile from a Marine forward operating base .
About 7 a.m. , as day broke , shots were fired at Birchfield ’s patrol team , according to members of his unit .
The ambush was by U.S. - hired security guards who were supposed to be protecting a highway paving project from Taliban - installed roadside bombs . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The contractors were able to have such proximity to a U.S. patrol because we pay them to work on our FOB ( forward operating base ) , pave the 515 ( highway ) , and provide security from Taliban IED ( roadside bomb ) implacers in the area , ” he says he was told .
Press release from Libertarian Party of Texas emailed to contact.ipr@gmail.com :
Libertarians Mobilize for Tax Freedom Day ; Tea Parties
Rallies and Dinner Events Planned
LP Gubernatorial Candidates Forum
AUSTIN , TEXAS – April 14 , 2010 – Libertarians across Texas will commemorate Tax Freedom Day and rally against the income tax in Tea Parties across the state this week .
Today has been declared Tax Freedom Day by the Tax Foundation .
Tax Freedom Day is remembered annually when the average American citizen has earned enough money to pay his or her tax obligations for the year .
“ We Libertarians call for a complete an to the federal income tax .
It is an unjustified theft , and is used for programs that many Americans do not support , ” said LPT Executive Director Robert Butler .
Candidates for the Libertarian nomination for Governor will commemorate Tax Freedom Day by holding forums in Houston , Austin , San Antonio , and Grapevine .
The media and general public are invited to meet our candidates .
This will be the last candidates ’ forum before Libertarians hold their state convention on June 12 in Austin .
Libertarians will meet at Saltgrass Steakhouse in Houston on April 14 , in Austin on April 15 , in San Antonio on April 16 , and in Grapevine on April 17 .
Libertarians will also participate in Tea Party rallies scheduled all across Texas on April 15 .
Executive Director Robert Butler will organize outreach at the Austin Tea Party to be held on the South Steps of the Capitol on Thursday afternoon .
The Libertarian Party of Illinois began the nationwide Tea Party movement when they invited CNBC ’s Rick Santelli to participate nine days before his famous rant .
“ When my grandmother was born in 1910 , Tax Freedom Day would have been celebrated on January 19th because the total American tax burden was just 5 % of income , ” notes Butler .
“ In those days , hospitals were operated by churches and private charities .
People were able to care for each other directly when they needed food or were unemployed .
Today , there are so many state and federal regulations , and the tax burden is so high , that these forms of charity have nearly disappeared .
The great tragedy of the 20th century is the government displacement of charitable good will and human kindness . ”
###
About the Libertarian Party of Texas
The Libertarian Party of Texas supports more freedom and less government .
We follow the Golden Rule : we treat others as we would like to be treated .
We seek to restore the great American free enterprise system that made us the strongest , most powerful economy in the world : lower taxes , free markets , free trade , less regulation , and less red tape for businesses big and small .
We respect your right to live your life the way you see fit , and expect you to take responsibility for the consequences .
Find out more at :
http://lptexas.org
Pat Dixon , Chair
512-771-3936
chair@lptexas.org
Robert Butler , Executive Director
512-758-9134
director@lptexas.org
NEWS CONFERENCES :
April 14 , 6:30 PM at Saltgrass Steakhouse
8943 Katy Freeway , Houston Texas
April 15 12 Noon – 6:00 PM Tea Party Outreach
South Steps of Capitol , Austin Texas
April 15 , 6:30 PM at Saltgrass Steakhouse
10614 Research Blvd , Austin Texas
April 16 , 6:30 PM at Saltgrass Steakhouse
11745 West I - 10 , San Antonio Texas
April 17 , 6:30 PM at Saltgrass Steakhouse
102 E. State Hwy 114 , Grapevine Texas
Serving Type – Bottle
Style – American Amber Ale
Appearance – Dark , cloudy amber color .
Thick head with thin lacing on glass .
Smell – Malty smell with strong citrus accents .
Taste – Strong start , hops hit the back of the mouth immediately .
Hops transition into malty flavors that leave a nice aftertaste .
Mouthfeel – High carbonation with a very silky feel .
Drinkability – Very unique beer .
Not an IPA and not a traditional red but it offers the best of both .
6.8 abv makes it difficult to have this as a session beer even though the flavors fully justify it .
Let it warm up a little , the flavors really come through much stronger .
This is a beer you must try , I will definitely be going back for more .
From the Bear Republic website :
Red Rocket
Ale is a bastardized Scottish style red ale that traces it ’s origins to our homebrew roots .
This full bodied and hoppy brew finishes on the palate with sweet , caramel malt flavors .
Awards :
2009 California State Fair – SILVER
1999 Great American Beer Festival ® Other Strong Ales or Lagers – SILVER
1998 Great American Beer Festival ® Other Strong Ales – SILVER
( CNN ) -- Billy Wharton should be happy .
" Socialized health care " is on its way .
The " socialist agenda " is taking over America .
And best of all , Barack Obama , a " committed socialist ideologue , " is in the Oval Office .
But Wharton , co-chair of the Socialist Party USA , sees no reason to celebrate .
He 's seen people with bumper stickers and placards that call Obama a socialist , and he has a message for them : Obama is n't a socialist .
He 's not even a liberal .
" We did n't see a great victory with the election of Barack Obama , " Wharton says , " and we certainly did n't see our agenda move from the streets to the White House . "
Are many Americans secret socialists ?
Obama 's opponents have long described him as a socialist .
But what do actual socialists think about Obama ?
Not much , says Wharton .
" He 's the president whose main goal is to protect the wealth of the richest 5 percent of Americans . "
He and others say the assertion that Obama is a socialist is absurd .
" It makes no rational sense .
It clearly means that people do n't understand what socialism is . "
Definitions of socialism vary , but most socialists believe workers and consumers who are affected by economic institutions should own or control them .
Not all socialists , though , want to confiscate personal property .
Democratic Socialists are more interested in protecting ordinary people from unregulated capitalism through regulation and progressive taxation .
Some of the socialist agenda is already part of American life , according to Wharton and others .
Social Security , Medicare , unemployment benefits -- all reflect socialistic values , says Van Gosse , an associate professor of history at Franklin & Marshall College in Lancaster , Pennsylvania , who has researched socialist movements in the United States and Latin America .
The widely accepted notions of public education and Pell Grants for college students are socialistic in origin , Gosse says .
They fit well with the socialistic premise that government should provide basic security from the cradle to the grave to all of its citizens , he says .
" We assert that education should not be left up to the private market -- where those who can pay , get it and those who can't , do n't get it , " Gosse says .
" It 's a common good and in that sense it is a socialistic institution even if the U.S. remains a capitalist nation . "
Why socialists hate Obama 's health care bill
Those who call Obama a socialist , though , point to his policies .
Big on their hit list : " Obamacare , " which they call " socialized medicine . "
Socialists scoff at the notion .
They do n't applaud the passage of the recent health care bill either .
They wanted a national " single - payer " health insurance plan with a government option .
The bill that Obama championed did n't have any of those features .
Wharton said the new health care bill only strengthens private health insurance companies .
They get 32 million new customers and no incentive to change -- something a socialist would n't accept .
" Most of it was authored by the health care industry , " Wharton says .
" I call it the corporate restructuring of health care . "
Other critics point to Obama 's Wall Street bailout -- which actually had its roots in the Bush administration .
Critics say it 's socialistic for government to assume control of private industry .
Frank Llewellyn , national director of the Democratic Socialists of America , says the bailout had nothing to do with socialism .
Llewellyn says a socialist leader would have at least nationalized some of the troubled banks .
" He gave them [ the banks ] too much with no strings attached , " Llewellyn says .
" Banks that were too big to fail are bigger , and they can still fail . "
How about Obama 's bailout of the Detroit auto industry ?
During the bailout , the federal government assumed partial ownership of General Motors .
" It 's not socialism , " Llewellyn says .
" The mere fact that the government owns something or has a stake in it , does n't make it socialist .
If that was true , you would say that we have a socialist army .
The government owns the army . "
Defining socialism is complex , Llewellyn says , but it starts with a simple goal : Socialists want to introduce democratic features into the economy to reduce inequality .
The economy has " to be run for the overall benefit of the entire population , not for the benefits of a very few people . "
By that measure , Obama 's economic policies are not socialist , he says .
" He 's trying to save capitalism from itself rather than a radical trying to change into a new system , " Llewellyn says .
This kind of name - calling is not new .
Civil rights demonstrators and the politicians who passed Medicare were also called socialists and communists , Llewellyn says .
" Every time an expansion of the public 's right has been put forward , Republicans have called it extreme , communistic and socialistic .
It 's a repeated tactic because they can't defeat the idea . "
A Tea Party member explains why Obama is a socialist
Those arguments do n't sway Conrad Quagliaroli , a Tea Party member who says Obama is a socialist .
He says that Obama 's voting record as a senator was more to the left than the U.S. Senate 's sole socialist , Bernie Sanders of Vermont .
He says Obama 's association with radicals and his pledge to " spread the wealth " seal his socialistic credentials .
" The role of government is to provide a safe environment to conduct business , not to take from one and give to the other , " says Quagliaroli , a financial planner who lives in Woodstock , Georgia .
Quagliaroli was not persuaded by the arguments of other socialist leaders who reject the idea that Obama is a socialist .
" He 's just not socialist enough for them . "
Quagliaroli says he does n't like socialism because it breeds mediocrity and encourages people to " live on the dole . "
Capitalism " breeds excellence " because it encourages initiative , he says .
Does that mean that Quagliaroli will refuse his Social Security checks , a government program that has been described as socialistic , and which he opposes ?
Not necessarily , says Quagliaroli .
He says he 'll accept his Social Security checks for two reasons .
" They confiscated it from me to begin with , and the more money they give me , the less they 'll have to waste , " he says .
" I can spend it better than they can .
I do n't pay $ 500 for a hammer . "
The argument over Obama 's ideology may rage on , but at least one socialist says another prominent politician ought to be inserted into the debate .
Llewellyn , the national director of the Democratic Socialists of America , says he was struck by one player in the 2008 presidential elections who displayed more socialistic leanings than Obama .
This candidate raised taxes on the big oil companies , and sent the revenue to the people .
If you want to learn something about spreading the wealth , Llewellyn says , do n't look to Obama .
" To be honest , the most socialist candidate in the 2008 election was Sarah Palin . "
Retiring Rep. Eric Massa ( D - N.Y. ) has dismissed the ethics probe he 's facing as a matter of '' political correctness ' ' gone awry .
Massa : Dems ousted me for ' no ' vote
Rep. Eric Massa ( D - N.Y. ) says the House ethics committee is investigating him for inappropriate comments he made to a male staffer on New Year 's Eve — and that he's the victim of a power play by Democratic leaders who want him out of Congress because he 's a " no " vote on health care reform .
" Mine is now the deciding vote on the health care bill , " Massa , who on Friday announced his intention to resign , said during a long monologue on radio station WKPQ .
" And this administration and this House leadership have said , quote - unquote , they will stop at nothing to pass this health care bill .
And now they 've gotten rid of me , and it will pass .
You connect the dots . "
Advertisement
A spokeswoman for House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer ( D - Md. ) rejected Massa ’s charge out of hand .
" That 's completely false , ” said Katie Grant .
“ There is zero merit to that accusation . "
Massa insisted that he did not know the basis of a House ethics committee investigation into his conduct until after he announced his retirement last Wednesday , and he took Hoyer to task for going public with information related to the probe before it is completed .
In the monologue — an audio recording of which has been posted by Rochester 's WHAM - TV — Massa said he first heard that the ethics committee was questioning his staff in early February but had no idea why .
He said he now understands the basis of the committee 's investigation — and dismissed it as a matter of " political correctness " gone awry .
" I have to come find out that on New Year 's Eve , I went to a staff party — it was actually a wedding for a staff member of mine , " Massa said .
" There were 250 people there .
I was with my wife , and in fact we had a great time .
She got the stomach flu , I went down to sing " Auld Lang Syne . "
And with cameras on me — I 'm talking three of them — filming me , I danced with the bride , and I danced with the bridesmaid .
Absolutely nothing occurred .
" I said goodnight to the bridesmaid .
I sat at down at the table where my whole staff was , all of them , by the way , bachelors .
One of them looked at me and — as they would do after , I do n't know , 15 gin and tonics and goodness only knows how many bottles of champagne — a staff member made an intonation to me that maybe I should be chasing after the bridesmaid .
His points were clear , and his words were far more colorful than that .
" And I grabbed the staff member sitting next to me and I said , ' What I really ought to be doing is frakking you , ' and then tossled the guy 's hair and left , went to my room , because I knew the party was getting to a point where I should n't be there . "
" Was that inappropriate of me ?
Absolutely . "
A Massa aide has told POLITICO that the New York Democrat has been engaged in inappropriate behavior “ for eight months . ”
The Power to Perceive
When the Power to Perceive is critical , an ASPEX delivers with a comprehensive system that includes SEM technology , LN - free EDX spectrometry , our Perception software suite and industry leading reporting software for turning vast amounts of quality data into knowledge .
It does what we call “ macro- micro analysis ” faster , and with greater accuracy and at a lower cost , than can be achieved by any other means .
Featured Product OmegaMax™ – " See More , Faster "
The Power to Perceive becomes even stronger with the launch of OmegaMax™ -- an integrated , systems - based approach to SEM / EDX technology that takes performance , reliability and verification to the next level .
The Power to Perceive becomes even stronger with the launch of OmegaMax™ -- an integrated , systems - based approach to SEM / EDX technology that takes performance , reliability and verification to the next level .
Petri Nets are extremely powerful and expressive , but they are not as widely used in the software development community as deterministic state machines .
That ’s a pity – they allow us to solve problems beyond the reach of conventional state machines .
This is the first in a mini-series on software development with Petri Nets .
All of the code for a full feature - complete Petri Net library is available online at GitHub .
You ’re welcome to take a copy , play with it and use it in your own projects .
Code for this and subsequent articles can be found at http://github.com/aabs/PetriNets.
I did n’t realize , but there ’s a paradigm for what I ’ve spent the last few years doing : Automata Based Programming .
Despite the warm glow of knowing I work within a really cool ( not to mention venerable ) paradigm , I ’ve come to realize there are flaws in how I used my automata .
I ’ve been exploring the possibilities of Petri Nets with a view to overhauling my DFA based systems .
Every week , I ’m asked for the code of a state machine system I blogged about a few years back .
I no longer have a copy of the code I used in that post , and I no longer recommend the models I used anyway .
It was based on Deterministic Finite Automata ( DFAs ) , C# and T4 templates .
I ’m revising the approach I used in ‘ 06 in favour of a more powerful one based on High Level Petri Nets .
In this series , I ’ll look at the benefits and pitfalls of the techniques I used and suggest better alternatives .
This time , I ’ve made the code permanently accessible via GitHub .
I ’d welcome feedback , feature requests and collaborators .
Notes from the trenches
Since 2008 , I ’ve been developing a cloud - based soft - phone product – Skype for call - centres if you like .
Under the hood , it models what ’s going on using state machines very like the ones in my post mentioned earlier .
Most of the inputs to the state machines are event notifications from telephony hardware .
In addition to tracking call workflow , they track the lifecycles of daemons and threads .
For a typical user session ( of which there may be hundreds or thousands at a time ) it maintains a dozen different state machines modelling some aspect of the session .
It is clearly an automata - intensive application , and it ’s important to me that there are no hidden flaws or vulnerabilities in the core of the app .
The current automata models have worked out really well , yielding a massive dividend in reliability .
That said , the way we used our DFAs is vulnerable to consistency errors without explicit protection .
The vulnerability stems from our wish to factorise the state machines into orthogonal DFAs each modelling some independent aspect of the user ’s session .
We do it because it makes the state modeling more tractable .
The issue with ‘ factorising ’ the state model is that having multiple independent DFAs increases the state space , allowing the system to legitimately assume invalid state combinations .
We have a dozen state machines with an average of 8 states each .
The total state space would be about ( about 69 billion ) states .
Practically all of those states are invalid , and it ’s the job of the supporting architecture to ensure that invalid states are avoided .
Naturally , one avoids invalid state combinations by accurately choosing the correct result state even in the face of faulty communications , hardware , user input and programmer errors .
That ’s no mean feat at the best of times , but especially hard in a real time event driven system hosted on a widely distributed hardware platform .
After a couple of years , we ’ve pretty much done that , but we had no assistance from the state models themselves .
I want an automata based model that will inherently prevent invalid states but still be comprehensible to the telephony domain experts who produce the state models .
For the sake of brevity I ’ll ignore the other reasons why I believe Petri Nets are better able to deliver guarantees of consistent states .
I ’ll come back to those other reasons in subsequent posts , where I will discuss some alternate ways to implement a Petri Net and the relative benefits of the different representations .
For now , I ’ll just remark that a Petri Net provides a means to veto transitions allowing us to add consistency control to a model .
It ’s also Turing Complete where DFAs are not , but I ’m not sure whether that ’s a practical distinction worth making or not .
I suspect most readers are more interested in how Petri Nets work , and how to use them to model their applications , than with the theoretical distinctions between the computational capabilities of different types of automata .
There are many papers and books demonstrating Petri Nets are more expressive than DFAs .
The question for me was – are they better in meaningful ways ?
I ’d already had great successes with DFAs ; is there a way that the richness of the Petri Net model can enhance what I ’ve already got .
I hope to explore the answer to that in the posts that follow this .
I ’m also not going to delve too deeply into the extensive body of theoretical literature out there .
I ’m more interested in the scarcely explored problem of how to utilize Petri Nets to solve problems in software engineering .
I especially want to work out some of the design principles of event driven applications using Petri Nets .
I ’ll start with what Petri Nets are , then in subsequent posts I ’ll move on to show a couple of ways to represent them , the trade - offs of different representations and then how to to drive an app using Petri Nets .
What is a Petri Net ?
A Petri Net is a computational model , first and foremost , but importantly it is an easily understood graphical notation for representing that model .
A Petri Net is represented as a graph with two types of nodes : Places ( represented with a circle ) and Transitions ( represented with a box or bar ) .
Here ’s a simple state transition from one state to another via a transition .
The edges of the graph can only be between places and transitions or vice versa .
You can never draw an edge between two places or two transitions .
In the example above is connected to and is in turn connected to .
Each place can have one or more ‘ tokens ‘ .
The interpretation of having a token depends on several factors .
I prefer to interpret having a token as ‘ making some assertion or condition ’ .
For example – a token in might mean ‘ the user is on a call ‘ .
The absence of the token means that the condition does not hold – the user is not on a call .
You mark the token with one or more dots inside the place , like so :
A transition is active or enabled if all places with edges leading into it have tokens .
In this case is active because it has an input place ( ) and has a token .
There may be more than one input place to a transition .
In this case is not enabled , because not all of its input places have tokens .
is missing a token .
If you interpret the petri net as sets of conditions , then can be interpreted as ‘ and ‘.
If is the condition that the other end hung up , then can be interpreted as ‘ the user was on a call and the other end hung up ’ .
It ’s a bit contrived , but you can see what I mean .
If we placed a token in , then would be enabled again .
The complete set of tokens in places is known as the ‘ marking ‘ of the Petri Net , and represents the current state of the system .
Again , if you interpret it as a set of conditions , the markings represents the set of all things that you know to be true .
When an active transition ‘ fires ‘ , it takes one token from each of its input places and inserts one token in each of its output places .
When the Petri Net fires , it performs a transition from one state to another .
This can be thought of as representing the outcome of some computation or as the implication of what we know .
If was something like ‘ we are playing the dial tone ’ , then the whole above example can be interpreted as ‘ if we are on a call and the other end hung up then we should start to play the dial tone ’ .
If we started with this
then firing would lead to this marking
A transition can have multiple outgoing places as well .
Imagine another place , interpreted as ‘ we go back onto the ready queue ’ .
Then this model represents the assertion that if we ’re on a call and the other end hangs up then we start playing the dial tone and we go back onto the ready queue .
Clearly we have the ability to represent complex propositions using a petri net .
And some of the conditions might continue to hold after firing a transition as well .
That ’s easy too .
The observant amongst you will immediately notice that will always be enabled under this marking and the tokens will continue to grow .
There ’s a lot of techniques for analysing this kind of net and its properties .
I ca n’t go into that topic here , but as with other software design , there are patterns and refactorings that can help to design a safe and conservative net .
The arcs of the Petri Net can , and generally are , ‘ generalised ’ to represent the case of multiple arcs between a place and transition .
Rather than muddle the model with many identical edges we can add a ‘ weight ’ to an arc .
Whatever the weight is , is the number of tokens removed or added .
Whatever the sum of the weights on the input arcs are is the number of tokens that must be present in the input places for a transition to be active .
Likewise , the output arcs of a transition can have weights signifying how many token they add to their output places .
For more information on the other extensions to the Petri Net rules , I recommend reading Murata ’s paper .
OK .
The preliminaries are over .
That ’s covered most of the rules for firing a Petri Net .
I ’ve not even scratched the surface of all the techniques for working out how a given Petri Net will behave .
Petri Nets are popular in designing complex distributed systems , because they can be used to simulate the systems .
I hope to show in later posts how we can take a runable model and use it not only for code generation and application glue , but for simulating the behaviour of our apps at runtime .
If you want to know more , the following links will give you plenty of history , background and theory .
Of course , it did n't happen , but that would have been fantastic .
The story goes that SEGA Chairman Isao Okawa visited Microsoft to push his agenda .
He wanted his Dreamcast games to be compatible with Microsoft 's then shiny new Xbox .
Okawa said that it would be a sort of upgrade path for current Dreamcast owners .
It would also possibly help save a dying console .
Microsoft did n't bite .
Okawa wanted his games to have the fancy online capability that MS was pushing .
Microsoft only wanted online for their games .
SEGA was handing over customers , but I 'm sure Microsoft did n't want to have to pay to retool their game system for this compatibility .
I wonder if Microsoft would have done differently today , looking back .
This would surely have helped them out in the Japanese market .
If you 're anything like me , you still look at your Dreamcast fondly .
I wonder if this would have helped Sega hold on longer or even succeed .
Up for a little Shenmue 2 on Xbox , anyone ?
How Xbox Could Have Helped The Dreamcast Survive [ Kotaku ]
AMMAN , Jordan —
For the first time after more than a decade of activism trying to stop so - called honor crimes , Rana Husseini says she does n’t have a lot to complain about in Jordan .
In the past , most men served less than a year for killing a woman who had “ dishonored ” her family .
Now , more than seven months after the government restructured the legal system to deal with honor crimes as normal criminal cases , Jordan has seen at least 10 cases result in prison sentences of seven to 15 years .
The question remains : are the days of convicted murderers receiving nominal three - month jail terms in Jordan over ?
" Journalists used to come and interview me and I 'd say we have to do this and we have to do that , but now I ’m saying totally different things , " said Husseini , author of “ Murder in the Name of Honor ” and a local journalist .
" It ’s something very good , and it ’s about time . "
The change is being heralded as a huge step forward for Jordan that could compel others in the region to take a tougher stance on honor crimes .
However , many activists say that while it ’s a positive turn of events , Jordan has stopped short of putting these changes into law .
Without rewriting the law books , some worry that a new group of judges or other changes could undo the progress .
" Something really needs to happen with the legal provisions that are discriminatory , " said Nadya Khalife , women ’s rights researcher for the Middle East and North Africa at the Human Rights Watch office in Beirut .
“ Maybe there is some headway , but as long as the legal aspects
are not changed there ’s no victory yet .
All murders should be treated the same . ”
In Lebanon , for example , honor crimes are a rare occurrence , but laws still exist that would allow perpetrators to face limited , if any , legal consequences for killing a woman in an honor crime .
In Jordan , honor crimes remain a relatively limited occurrence , resulting in the death of about 20 people per year .
Still , activists say that one is too many , especially if the murderer may be exempt from punishment .
After pressure from activist groups and even Jordan ’s King Abdullah II and Queen Rania , in July the courts created a special judicial committee to handle honor crimes .
It also began working with non-government organizations to educate legal officials about how to deal with the honor killings .
When these efforts began last summer , Husseini and many other activists doubted they would bring about much change .
Since then , however , the court has yet to hand out one of the nominal prison sentences that used to be standard .
Still , in almost all honor crimes cases , families drop charges so the accused receive only half of the assigned prison sentence .
“ Here in Jordan , as a whole society there are some serious changes within the whole community about [ attitudes ] related to women ’s issues , even the judiciary system , ” said Ihssan Barakat , a judge in the court of appeals and chairwoman for the Arab Women ’s Legal Network .
“ They are accepting any new changes that give [ women ] better access to justice . ”
She said that despite the recent changes in how honor crimes were handled in Jordan , there had been no official modifications to the legal system .
However , she was doubtful the system would see any backsliding to previous sentencing practices .
Though the overall number of honor crimes has not dropped , Enaam Asha , a member of the board directors at the Sisterhood is Global Institute in Jordan , said that her organization had begun to see a slight cultural shift in how people handled incidents that could have previously resulted in honor crimes .
Now , when a young woman had relations with a man before marriage , rather than escalating to violence , Asha said some families were willing to resolve the situation through non-violent methods , such as marrying the couple .
Additionally , she noted , the local media had begun reporting on honor crimes in such a way that was empathetic toward the victim .
In the past , many news reports would condemn the murdered woman .
The longer prison sentences “ reflect the change in the mentality of the judges in handling these kinds of cases and more importantly the change in the social perspective , ” Asha said .
“ Maybe the number of honor crimes is not decreasing ... but through our daily interaction with people working on this issue , we were able to spot that there is a difference in how people handle such issues .
People are becoming more understanding to such cases , both on the perpetrator ’s part and the victim ’s part , and also the society and the families around them . ”
Husseini and other activists hope that as word of the new sentencing procedure spreads , more people will continue to seek other means for resolving these situations and the number of honor killings may begin to fall .
“ Men should know , the ones wanting to kill their female relatives , if they do kill them , they will end up spending a long time in prison , ” Husseini said .
We ’ve been talking a little bit about what we might gain if we begin to conceive of cities , for some limited purposes anyway , as software under active development .
So far , we ’ve largely positioned such tools as a backstop against the inevitable defaults , breakdowns and ruptures that municipal services are heir to : a way to ensure that when failures arise , they ’ll get identified as quickly as possible , assessed as to severity , brought to the attention of the relevant agencies , and flagged for follow - up .
And as useful , and even inspiring , as this might be , to my mind it does n’t go nearly far enough .
It ’s essentially the lamination together of some entirely conventional systems , provisions and practices — something that already exists in its component pieces , something , as Bruce points out here , that ’s “ not even impossible . ”
But what if we did take a single step further out ?
What if we imagined that the citizen - responsiveness system we ’ve designed lives in a dense mesh of active , communicating public objects ?
Then the framework we ’ve already deployed becomes something very different .
To use another metaphor from the world of information technology , it begins to look a whole lot like an operating system for cities .
Provided that , we can treat the things we encounter in urban environments as system resources , rather than a mute collection of disarticulated buildings , vehicles , sewers and sidewalks .
One prospect that seems fairly straightforward is letting these resources report on their own status .
Information about failures would propagate not merely to other objects on the network but reach you and me as well , in terms we can relate to , via the provisions we ’ve made for issue - tracking .
And because our own human senses are still so much better at spotting emergent situations than their machinic counterparts , and will probably be for quite some time yet to come , there ’s no reason to leave this all up to automation .
The interface would have to be thoughtfully and carefully designed to account for the inevitable bored teenagers , drunks , and randomly questing fingers of four - year - olds , but what I have in mind is something like , “ Tap here to report a problem with this bus shelter . ”
In order for anything like this scheme to work , public objects would need to have a few core qualities , qualities I ’ve often described as making them “ addressable , queryable , and even potentially scriptable . ”
What does this mean ?
– Addressability .
In order to bring urban environments fully into the networked fold , we would first need to endow each of the discrete things we ’ve defined as public objects with its own unique identifier , or address .
It ’s an ideal application for IPv6 , the next - generation Internet Protocol , which I described in Everyware as opening up truly abyssal reaches of address space .
Despite the necessity of reserving nigh - endless blocks of potentially valid addresses for housekeeping , IPv6 still offers us a ludicrous freedom in this regard ; we could quite literally assign every cobblestone , traffic light and street sign on the planet a few million addresses .
It ’s true that this is overkill if all you need is a unique identifier .
If all you ’re looking to do is specify the east - facing traffic signal at the northeast corner of 34th Street and Lexington Avenue , you can do that right now , with barcodes or RFID tags or what - have - you .
You only need to resort to IP v6 addressability if your intention is to turn such objects into active network nodes .
But as I ’ve argued in other contexts , the cost of doing this is so low that any potential future ROI whatsoever justifies the effort .
– Queryability .
Once you ’ve got some method of reliably identifying things and distinguishing them from others , a sensitively - designed API allows us to pull information off of them in a meaningful , structured way , either making use of that information ourselves or passing it on to other systems and services .
We ’ve so far confined our discussion to things in the public domain , but by defining open interoperability standards ( and mandating the creation of a critical mass of compliant objects ) , the hope is that people will add resources they own and control to the network , too .
This would offer incredibly finely - grained , near - realtime reads on the state of a city and the events unfolding there .
Not merely , in other words , to report that this restaurant is open , but which seats at which tables are occupied , and for how long this has been the case ; not merely where a private vehicle charging station is , but how long the current waits are .
Mark my words : given only the proper tools , and especially a well - designed software development kit , people will build the most incredible ecology of bespoke services on data like this .
If you ’re impressed by the sudden blossoming of iPhone apps , wait until you see what people come up with when they can query stadium parking lots and weather stations and bike racks and reservoir levels and wait times at the TKTS stand .
You get the idea .
( Some of these tools already exist : take a look at Pachube , for example . )
– And finally scriptability , by which I mean the ability to push instructions back to connected resources .
This is obviously a delicate matter : depending on the object in question , it ’s not always going to be appropriate or desirable to offer open scriptability .
You probably want to give emergency - services vehicles the ability to override traffic signals , in other words , but not the spotty kid in the riced - out WRX .
It ’s also undeniable that connecting pieces of critical infrastructure to an open network increases the system ’s overall vulnerability — what hackers call its “ attack surface ” — many , many times .
If every exit is an entrance somewhere else , every aperture through which the network speaks itself is also a way in .
We should all be very clear , right up front , that this is a nontrivial risk .
I ’ll make it explicit : any such scheme as the one sketched out here presents the specter of warfare by cybersabotage , stealthy infrastructure attrition or subversion , and the depredations of random Saturday - night griefers .
It ’s also true that connected systems are vulnerable to cascading failures in ways non-coupled systems cannot ever be .
Yes , yes and yes .
It ’s my argument that over anything but the very shortest term , the advantages to be derived from so doing will outweigh the drawbacks and occasional catastrophes — even fatal ones .
But as my architect friends say , this is above all something that must be “ verified in field , ” validated empirically and held up to the most rigorous standards .
What do we get in return for embracing this nontrivial risk ?
We get a supple , adaptive interface to the urban fabric itself , something that allows us not just to nail down problems , but to identify and exploit opportunities .
Armed with that , I can see no upward limit on how creative , vibrant , imaginative and productive twenty - first century urban life can be , even under the horrendous constraints I believe we ’re going to face , and are perhaps already beginning to get a taste of .
Stolidly useful , “ sustainable , ” justifiable on the most gimlet - eyed considerations of ROI , environmental benefit and TCO ?
Sure .
But I think we should be buckling ourselves in , because first and foremost , read / write urbanism is going to be a blast .
Reconciliation to pass health reform will most likely result in adoption of the onerous " Nelson compromise " on abortion coverage , though Bart Stupak wants his own abortion ban .
As health reform seems to be approaching final passage , anti-choice advocates are ratcheting up pressure to completely eliminate coverage of abortion care , now a basic component of the insurance coverage held by the majority of currently - insured women in the United States .
Meanwhile , discriminatory restrictions contained in the Senate bill–originally incorporated to appease Senator Ben Nelson and the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops ( which later rejected the language anyway ) –are likely to become law .
President Obama is expected to unveil his final health care package in a news conference later today .
The plan , the basics of which were released before last week ’s health summit , includes provisions to extend health coverage to about 30 million uninsured Americans , eliminate pre-existing conditions , expand pharmaceutical benefits for the elderly , and subsidize coverage for lower - income Americans .
According to the New York Times , the President is also considering recommendations made by Republicans at the daylong forum , including offering tax - advantaged medical savings accounts and increased payments to doctors who treat Medicaid patients .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Nonetheless , the broader lines of the final health care bill have already been drawn .
It is almost certain , especially given an announcement this morning by Senator Tom Harkin , that the health reform bill will have to be passed through a process known as reconciliation , a parliamentary procedure through which a bill is passed with a simple majority vote rather than the 60 votes required to overcome a filibuster .
For this to happen , the House of Represenatives would first pass the Senate bill originally passed in late December last year .
Both the House and Senate would then have to pass a “ reconciliation bill , ” one that literally “ reconciles differences ” between the House , Senate , and White House proposals .
Unfortunately , however , reconciliation means that it will be nearly impossible , at least in the short term , to remove restrictions on women ’s health coverage now contained in the Senate bill .
This is because the reconciliation process can only be used to address subjects germane to the budget .
The Nelson language , which has a zero net effect on spending by the federal government , is not germane and therefore can not be addressed as part of reconcliation .
It could only be addressed in a future bill aimed at making technical fixes to health reform .
While many hope corrections to health reform passed now will be made later , there is no guarantee of having such a bill introduced or passed .
The Nelson language does the following , as described in more depth here :
Requires every enrollee–female or male–in a health plan that offers abortion coverage to write two separate checks for insurance coverage .
Includes “ conscience clause ” language that protects only individuals or entities that refuse to provide , pay for , provide coverage for , or refer for abortion , removing earlier language that provided balanced non-discrimination language for those who provide a full range of choices to women in need .
Prohibits insurance companies by law from taking into account cost savings when estimating the costs of abortion care and therefore the costs of premiums for abortion care .
Eliminates the provision in earlier versions of the Senate bill and in the original Capps language in the House bill to ensure that there is at least one insurance plan in each exchange that offers and one that does not offer abortion coverage .
Bottom line : in terms of abortion coverage , women will not only be worse off with this version of health reform , they will also face institutionalized sex discrimination for basic reproductive health care in a sweeping law passed by a Democratic White House and Congress .
Pro-choice reproductive health providers support health reform but remain steadfastly against the Nelson provisions .
Planned Parenthood , for example , strongly opposes it .
“ If enacted , President Obama ’s proposal would extend health care coverage to tens of millions of women and families , guarantee access to affordable preventive screenings for cancer and other life - saving tests , protect women against gender discrimination by private insurers , and end the practice of dropping coverage because of pre-existing conditions , ” said Cecile Richards , President of Planned Parenthood Federation of America .
And , she noted , “ it would significantly increase access to reproductive health care . ”
For example , Obama ’s proposal would expand family planning under Medicaid , which would significantly increase access to essential preventive health care for millions of women .
At the same time , however , current health reform bills would result in the loss of other aspects of essential reproductive health care , including coverage for abortion , which most women currently have under private health insurance plans .
“ If the current Senate language introduced by Senator Ben Nelson is maintained , ” Richards says , “ it would result in the most significant restriction in access to abortion coverage in the nearly 35 years since the U.S. Congress first adopted the Hyde Amendment . ”
Under the burdensome Nelson provision in the Senate health care reform bill , most private health insurers would no longer offer coverage for abortion .
Since most women with private health insurance have coverage for abortion , the Nelson provision would take away coverage that women have now .
Independent analysts have concluded that the Nelson provision will result in most private health insurance companies dropping coverage for abortion coverage altogether .
Moreover , because it requires individuals who choose to purchase comprehensive coverage to make two separate payments — one for abortion coverage and one for all other treatments , screenings , and procedures , it is widely seen as unworkable .
For that reason , Planned Parenthood has opposed the Nelson provision from the start and continues to oppose it .
“ The Nelson provision is simply unacceptable , ” states Richard .
Moreover , Planned Parenthood notes : “ This is exactly the opposite of what President Obama and many members of Congress have pledged under health care reform .
That ’s why we are asking the president and Congress to fix the Nelson provision in a technical fix bill later on . ”
Meanwhile , Congressman Bart Stupak ( D - MI ) , is “ beating his chest , ” according to several pro-choice advocates , about his own abortion ban .
As noted above , the Senate bill remains the basic platform for both the Senate and White House proposals .
Because it is in the bill passed by the House last fall , the Stupak abortion ban would be effectively eliminated under reconciliation .
And because it also is not germane to the federal budget , it can not be added back into the reconciliation bill through an amendment .
The Stupak amendment would result in many of the same problems as the Nelson language , but goes even further .
Stupak immediately denounced the President ’s health reform proposal when it was released last week , and in doing so continued to spread misleading information on federal funding of abortion care in the Senate bill .
I was pleased to see that President Obama ’s health care proposal did not include several of the sweetheart deals provided to select states in the Senate bill .
Unfortunately , the President ’s proposal encompasses the Senate language allowing public funding of abortion .
The Senate language is a significant departure from current law and is unacceptable .
While the President has laid out a health care proposal that brings us closer to resolving our differences , there is still work to be done before Congress can pass comprehensive health care reform .?
The Senate bill does not contain language allowing public funding of abortion and indeed , as noted above will result in the elimination of women ’s access to private coverage for abortion care .
Yet Stupak has stated he will vote against the final bill if it does not include his own abortion ban , and is threatening to reintroduce it through either appropriations or through any future bill meant to make technical corrections to the health reform bill .
Not surprisingly , the US Conference of Catholic Bishops and other allies are against reconciliation for these same reasons .
Bottom line is that this fight is not over .
In a statement Planned Parenthood expressed deep concern “ about increased pressure by Congressman Bart Stupak ( D - MI ) and his anti-choice allies in the House to reintroduce the Stupak abortion ban .
The Senate already rejected the Stupak abortion ban because women across the country spoke out in opposition to it .
The Stupak ban should never be considered again . ”
The Republican chairman , Michael Steele , promised on taking office that he would bring the party to corners of America it had not reached before .
It is a fair bet that most Republicans did not expect these corners to include the Voyeur West Hollywood , a bondage and S&M club in Los Angeles .
It emerged today that the Republicans spent almost $ 2,000 last month on a visit to the club where topless women hang from nets on the ceiling and simulate sex in a glass case .
The lavish spending will anger grassroots Republicans who are bombarded almost every day with more requests for contributions to help the cash - strapped party .
A Republican National Committee spokesman said that it was looking into the matter .
It insisted Steele was not at the club , but did not identify who had spent the money .
Such extravagance , in a time of recession and by the party that bills itself as fiscally conservative and reflecting family and Christian values , will renew questions about Steele 's leadership .
The spending is disclosed in a Republican filing , as required by US law , to the Federal Election Commission .
It says that $ 1,946.25 ( £ 1,300 ) was spent on 4 February for meals at the Voyeur West Hollywood by the Republican National Committee .
The Los Angeles Times , in a review of the club soon after its opening in October last year , described it as being modelled on sex scenes in the Stanley Kubrick film Eyes Wide Shut .
" There is also a heavy net suspended above the club 's lounge area where performers writhe above the heads of clubgoers .
Even more provocative scenes are played out in an enclosed glass booth area adjacent to the club 's dancefloor area , " the paper said .
A reviewer for the Yelp website wrote : " At one point I walked to the bathroom and pretty much just stopped dead in my tracks to watch two girls simulating oral sex in a glass case . "
The Washington - based Daily Caller website , which dug out the details of the Republican spending , also unearthed an RNC trip to California that included a $ 9,099 stop at the Beverley Hills Hotel , and a trip to Hawaii for the party 's mid-winter convention that cost $ 43,828 .
The Daily Caller also claimed that Steele had raised the issue of buying a private jet for his travels .
The party has not bought a plane but it did spend $ 17,514 on hiring private jets last month .
It also spent $ 12,691 on limousines .
Steele inherited a surplus of $ 22 m when he took over chairmanship of the national committee in January last year , but that dropped to $ 13 m , well short of the kind of money needed to fight an election .
With the congressional midterm elections due in November , Steele has been appealing for donations .
An RNC spokesperson , responding to press inquiries about the Voyeur West Hollywood , told the Hill paper : " The chairman was never at the location in question .
He had no knowledge of the expenditure , nor does he find the use of committee funds at such a location at all acceptable . "
The spokesperson added : " The committee has requested that the monies be returned to the committee . "
Steele , the first African - American to chair the Republican party , has been subjected , since taking over the post in January last year , to a whispering campaign by senior party members as well as public calls for his resignation from grassroots party members .
The critics said he was disorganised , failed to control spending and was an erratic television performer .
He lost some credibility among party members for calling the Rush Limbaugh talk radio show ugly and then apologising later to Limbaugh , a favourite of grassroots Republicans .
Steele has blamed his predecessors for failing to build a stronger party base .
" We missed the mark in the past , which is why we are in the crapper now , " he told the Washington Times last year .
The criticism of him abated at the end of last year and early this year after a string of Republican election wins .
Michael Geist sez , " The Canadian copyright consultation concluded last fall and it seems worth reminding Canadian Heritage Minister James Moore and Industry Minister Tony Clement what Canadians had to say when they asked for their opinion on copyright reform .
It has taken some time to calculate the final numbers as the government conducted a review to ensure that all were properly posted .
There were ultimately more than 8,300 submissions – more than any government consultation in recent memory – with the overwhelming majority rejecting Bill C-61/ U.S. DMCA / UK DEB ( 6138 submissions against , 54 in support ) , while thousands called for flexible fair dealing and a link between copyright infringement and anti-circumvention rules . "
The Final Copyright Consultation Numbers : No Repeat Of Bill C- 61
( Thanks , Michael ! )
prefix.cc is a website I ’ve made last February to ease a very common task in the life of RDF developers and SPARQL users : looking up namespace URIs .
A short summary of what the site can do for you is available here .
The site was developed during a few weekends , and I have n’t touched the code since I first deployed it .
Today I ’m publishing the first serious update to the site .
This post describes what ’s new .
Reverse lookup .
One of the most requested features is reverse lookup .
You can now enter a URI of an RDF term into the query box on the start page , and the site will respond with the best prefix for contracting that URI into a QName .
This functionality is also available as an API .
Negative votes .
The site has received a moderate amount of spam , mostly from pranksters who think it would be funny to propose their own homepage as a better expansion for the foaf prefix .
I ’ve mostly cleaned this up manually , but I think it would be better to equip the user community with tools to handle this .
The site has always had a voting mechanism , which I intended as a tiebreaker in cases where people have submitted different URIs for the same prefix , for example in the case of the dc prefix .
Starting today , you can submit both positive and negative votes .
If a URI receives a certain amount of negative votes , it will be no longer shown .
New export formats .
One of my favourite features is the ability to directly get output in various machine - readible syntaxes by composing an appropriate URI , such as http://prefix.cc/foaf.file.n3 , which produces a declaration of the FOAF prefix in N3 format .
I find this handy for copy - pasting into a text editor , but also for automating things .
A few formats have been added : vann produces an RDF / XML version of the namespace mapping in the VANN vocabulary ( example ) .
xmlns produces raw XML prefix declarations ( example ) .
go redirects to the namespace URI , so you can type http://prefix.cc/foaf.go into your browser bar as a shortcut for opening the FOAF specification .
I ’ve also added a table of all supported formats .
A side effect of the introduction of VANN support is that there is now a single VANN representation of all mappings known to the site .
Tweaks and fixes .
Regular users will note a number of further small changes and bugfixes throughout the site .
One notable fix is to the way namespace lookups are calculated for the list of popular prefixes .
Ironically , most of the lookups actually are from web crawlers that followed the links in the list itself , making the list self - perpetuating .
Also , the list featured the non-existing robots prefix , because many crawlers are looking for http://prefix.cc/robots.txt .
These issues should now be fixed .
Internal changes .
The site is developed in PHP , and started out as a quick weekend hack , so the initial code was a horrible mess that was hardly maintainable .
I spent quite some time cleaning this up and refactoring the code into a much nicer structure that should be able to grow along with some of the additional features I ’ve planned for the future .
The codebase now totals some 1600 lines of PHP , CSS and Javascript .
Hidden goodies : RDFa markup and feed of latest additions .
Finally , I want to highlight some features that have existed all along , but are easily missed : First , many pages contain RDFa markup , so if you want to re-use any prefix.cc data in your own site or application , you most likely can .
Second , there is an RSS feed of the latest additions to the prefix database , and it is a neat way of learning about new vocabularies and ontologies that show up around the Web .
Bugs , comments , suggestions ?
Any feedback is appreciated .
I did a lot of refactoring without a test harness , so it ’s quite likely that a few new bugs have crept in .
If you notice anything , please let me know .
Also , if there is anything that you would like to see in prefix.cc
Mk III , please share !
Today 's Nuclear Security Summit is the largest gathering of world leaders in Washington ever hosted by an American president .
Despite the importance of this event , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu decided to skip the meeting .
His move highlights the problems the world 's leaders confront in preventing the feared wave of nuclear weapons proliferation in the Middle East .
Until last week , Netanyahu had indicated that he planned to attend the summit in order to bolster efforts to prevent Tehran from using its civilian nuclear program to develop a nuclear weapons capacity .
In addition to the formal sessions occurring yesterday and today , the summit offers many opportunities to hold important private meetings with some of the world 's most influential people .
Netanyahu was expected to lobby the other leaders directly to support harsher sanctions against Iran for its continued pursuit of sensitive nuclear activities despite several U.N. Security Council resolutions mandating their suspension .
...
Radeon HD 5830 : Bridging The Gap
" What ? " you 're asking .
" There 's another Radeon HD 5000 - series card hiding under ATI 's cap ?
That 's right .
In fact , there 's more than one : the Radeon HD 5830 we 're testing here today and a Radeon HD 5870 Eyefinity ⁶
Edition board that 'll surface in March .
But we 'll be looking at the six - display - capable model later .
Today , with the GF100 - based cards from Nvidia still missing in action , it 's all about the Radeon HD 5830 , purported to hit a price and performance point between the Radeon HD 5770 and Radeon HD 5850 .
At this point , we should probably just refer to February 2010 as " Radeon 5000 - Series Launch Month , " because this is the third card to emerge in the last 28 days .
It 's also the most exciting of the trio .
Nevertheless , if you missed the Radeon HD 5450 and Radeon HD 5570 stories , those are more entry - level discrete boards .
This launch is aimed toward the folks with a little more money to spend on graphics , but not the $ 300 + it'd take to procure the company 's higher - end offerings .
You see , before today , there was a big hole between the $ 160 Radeon HD 5770 and the $ 310 Radeon HD 5850 .
That 's a gaping $ 150 price gap that fails to capitalize on the facts the ATI 's previous generation fell off after the Radeon HD 4890 and Nvidia is only able to compete sub -$ 200 with GeForce GTX 260 or above $ 350 with the 285 .
The GeForce GTX 275 is essentially missing in action .
In its prime , the Radeon HD 4890 stood in for roughly $ 200 , but good luck finding find one for sale anymore .
The Radeon HD 4890 stock seems to have dried up over the last month .
Apparently , nature is n't the only thing that abhors a vacuum .
AMD is n't too happy about it either , so it gave us the Radeon HD 5830 to fill the void .
It emerges with a $ 239 launch price ; promising , but certainly not set in stone , as the Radeon HD 5850 and 5870 showed us .
Since the new 5830 is based on the high - end Cypress GPU that powers both of its higher - end predecessors , we have ambitious hopes for this card .
In 1670 , John Ray said , " Hell is paved with good intentions . "
So , let 's make sure that this seemingly perfectly - placed product delivers the bang for your buck we 'd expect .
Founded by Lee Byung Chul , Samsung started as a trading company .
It was founded in 1938 and in later years came into the electronics business .
Headquartered in Seol , South Korea Samsung have become the largest manufacturer of electronics items and is one of the popular …
Noesis The Journal of the Mega Society Issue # 189 December 2009
Special Issue
Astronomy and Space ( Part One )
Contents
About the Mega Society
The Mega Society was founded by Dr. Ronald K. Hoeflin in 1982 .
The 606 Society ( 6 in 106 ) , founded by Christopher Harding , was incorporated into the new society and those with IQ scores on the Langdon Adult Intelligence Test ( LAIT ) of 173 or more were also invited to join .
( The LAIT qualifying score was subsequently raised to 175 ; official scoring of the LAIT terminated at the end of 1993 , after the test was compromised ) .
A number of different tests were accepted by 606 and during the first few years of Mega ’s existence .
Later , the LAIT and Dr. Hoeflin ’s Mega
Test became the sole official entrance tests , by vote of the membership .
Later , Dr. Hoeflin ’s Titan
Test was added .
( The Mega was also compromised , so scores after 1994 are currently not accepted ; the Mega and Titan cutoff is now 43 — but either the LAIT cutoff or the cutoff on Dr. Hoeflin ’s tests will need to be changed , as they are not equivalent . )
Mega publishes this irregularly - timed journal .
The society also has a ( low - traffic ) members - only e-mail list .
Mega members , please contact the Editor to be added to the list .
For more background on Mega , please refer to Darryl Miyaguchi ’s “ A Short ( and Bloody ) History of the High - IQ Societies ” —
http://www.eskimo.com/~miyaguch/history.html
— the Editor ’s High - IQ Societies page —
http://www.polymath-systems.com/intel/hiqsocs/index.html
— and the official Mega Society page ,
https://www.megasociety.org/
Noesis , the journal of the Mega Society , # 189 , December 2009 .
Noesis is the journal of the Mega Society , an organization whose members are selected by means of high - range intelligence tests .
Jeff Ward , 13155 Wimberly Square # 284 , San Diego , CA 92128 , is Administrator of the Mega Society .
Inquiries regarding membership should be directed to him at the address above or :
ward-jeff@san.rr.com
Opinions expressed in these pages are those of individuals , not of Noesis or the Mega Society .
Copyright © 2009 by the Mega Society .
All rights reserved .
Copyright for each individual contribution is retained by the author unless otherwise indicated .
Editorial
Kevin Langdon
These are exciting times in astronomy .
There ’ve been important new findings which have altered our understanding in almost every area of the field , from planetology to cosmology .
· As Dr. Andrew Beckwith points out in his article in this issue , new evidence has substantially increased the likelihood of life on Mars .
· Over 400 planets have been found orbiting other stars .
Almost all of these planets are very large , similar to the planets of the outer solar system ( and , in some cases , considerably larger ) .
Using a telescope with a field of view of 105 square degrees ( two orders of magnitude larger than ordinary astronomical telescopes ) , the Kepler space telescope , launched in March 2009 , is designed to detect earth - sized and smaller planets .
This will give us a much more complete picture of planetary systems .
· The mysteries of dark matter attraction and dark energy repulsion have only deepened with new discoveries and new models .
No consensus has yet emerged .
Noesis is publishing two special issues on astronomy and space .
This is the first such issue .
The second will be published in February 2010 .
The field of astronomy has always attracted many highly competent amateurs .
This special issue on astronomy and space continues that tradition .
It has attracted several fine submissions .
I expect it to stimulate much thought .
Your feedback and submissions for our second astronomy and space issue are solicited .
This first issue contains : :
· a short article by Andrew Beckwith on the potential use of laser - induced breakdown spectroscopy for exploring the Martian surface .
· a report by the Editor on two talks at the Triple Nine Society ’s GGG999 Conference on the Labor Day weekend , “ Blowing Bubbles in Space , ” by Heather Preston , and “ The Little Satellite That Could , ” by Derek Buzasi .
For more on the conference see : http://www.ggg999.org .
· “ The Earths of Alpha Centauri , ” by Michael McNeil , discussing the pos-sibility of earthlike planets around Alpha Centauri A and / or B .
· “ Thermalizing Background Radiation , ” by R. Fred Vaughan , a thought - provoking alternative to the standard cosmological model .
. The deadline for Noesis # 190 is February 15 , 2010 .
Material for this issue is needed .
Submissions by both members and nonmembers of the Mega Society will be considered .
Cover photo : Planetary Nebula K - 55 ( NASA , Hubble Space Telescope )
Can appropriate use of laser - induced breakdown spectroscopy get to the bottom of long term Martian surface mysteries ?
Andrew Beckwith
Introduction
Laser - induced breakdown spectroscopy ( LIBS ) uses a high - power pulsed laser , focused on the target , to provide more than a megawatt of power on a small spot less than a milli- meter in diameter for a few billionths of a second .
The potential this has for supplying hard data confirms that LIBS is capable of determining differences in rock types from a stand - off distance of 5.4 meters .
Such a test was performed by Roger Wiens , Justin Thompson , James Barefield , David Vaniman , Sam Clegg , and colleague Horton Newsom ( Institute of Meteoritics at the University of New Mexico ) in a lab in Los Alamos where the LIBS technique was tested on two Martian meteorites and a terrestrial analog rock .
Where LIBS can be used
This sort of technology has been deemed appropriate for the next generation of Mars rovers , perhaps as soon as 2011 to 2012 .
Among other things , appropriate testing of this type may allow us to determine whether or not volcanism or meteorite impacts — and not standing water — could be responsible for the sulfate sediments detected on Mars by NASA ’s Opportunity rover , according to two separate studies .
Volcanic vents and / or Ejecta clouds ?
The Ejecta clouds theory proposed by Paul Knauth of Arizona State University in Tempe is a meteorite - impact - driven phenomenon , making use of the thin Martian atmosphere for dispersal of material blasted above the Martian surface by surface bombardment by meteors .
Volcanic venting supposes that water steam and sulfur dioxide spewed from the vents would have formed sulfuric acid , which would have reacted with the vol-canic ash to produce sulfate salts .
This for now seems to be the hands - on favorite of planetologists , with many espousing variants of this idea .
Answering the question of whether or not bacteria
could have lived on the Martian surface at some time
Another appropriate use of the LIBS technique may be to determine whether or not life existed in prior eras on Mars .
Note that a new study of a meteorite that originated from Mars has revealed a series of microscopic tunnels that are similar in size , shape and dis-tribution to tracks left on Earth rocks by feeding bacteria
The problem is , though , that just because there is an analogy between certain terrestrial structures suggesting life and those which appear in Martian rocks , the case for such structures confirming present or former life on Mars is not ironclad .
As noted by Martin Fisk , a professor of marine geology in the College of Oceanic and Atmospheric Sciences at Oregon State University :
Virtually all of the tunnel marks on Earth rocks that we have examined were the result of bacterial invasion .
In every instance , we ’ve been able to extract DNA from these Earth rocks , but we have not yet been able to do that with the Martian samples .
The LIBS technique in itself may not be the game changer in deciding this last question , but it would be perhaps the next best thing to having Martian soil scooped up and sent back to Earth to start to get additional information on this question .
And , of course , there are practical difficulties , to put it mildly , in transporting Martian boulders / rocks from the Martian surface back to Earth labs , which the LIBS technique , if appropriately used , may help us avoid
Conclusion : LIBS is a step in the right direction
Considering the enormous logistical difficulties in having human beings travel to Mars , make scientific measurements , and return to Earth , the LIBS technology may be the best we can do for the foreseeable future in unraveling the many bizarre and complex issues surrounding Martian planetary science .
Reference
Thompson , J. R. , R. C. Wiens , J. E. Barefield , D. T. Vaniman , H. E. Newsom , and S. M. Clegg ( 2006 ) , “ Remote Laser - Induced Breakdown Spectroscopy Analyses of Dar al Gani 476 and Zagami Martian Meteorites . ” Journal of Geophysical Research , v. 111 , doi : 1029/2005JE002578 .
Report on two talks at the Triple Nine Society ’s
GGG999 Conference , September 2009
Kevin Langdon
Heather Preston - Blowing Bubbles in Space : The Birth and Death of Practically Everything ( Astronomical )
http://www.mensafoundation.org//Sites/foundation/NavigationMenu/Programs/Conversations/RevolutionsinCosmology/RevCosmology.htm
Heather Preston is a mission scientist for several NASA missions , including the Spitzer Space Telescope , Wide - Field Infrared Explorer ( WIRE ) , and the Kepler mission searching for terrestrial - class planets around other stars .
She taught physics at the U.S. Air Force Academy and is an instructor in two distance education programs .
She was an Operations Astronomer for the Hubble Space Telescope for five years and has published over 50 scientific papers , specializing in asteroseismology , gas dynamics , and computational fluid dynamics .
Heather began with some basic astronomical facts .
She said that the normal - matter part of the universe is 90 % hydrogen , > 9 % helium , and < 1 % everything else , and that all heavy elements come from supernovae .
That is , since most of the universe is gas , it ’s no shock that many of the extended structures we see are due to gas - dynamic processes , but it is a bit surprising that a huge number of these extended phenomena are bubbles of one kind or another .
And then she added that , in addition to supernovae , stars , planetary nebulae , and galaxies with active nuclei all blow bubbles .
She showed some stunning astronomical photographs to illustrate this point .
She spoke about the dynamics of different kinds of objects and the mechanisms through which they blow off the material that creates the characteristic bubble shape .
Starting at the low - energy , early - life end , while many protostars are surrounded by gaseous clouds which coalesce into spinning , flattened disks in the process that can lead to planet formation , they ’re hard to observe in visible light because there ’s too much obscuring dust .
However , they can be imaged in considerable detail in the infrared ; and in the infrared there is outflow from the star , frequently constrained at the “ waist ” by the disk — resulting in an hourglass - shaped “ double bubble . ”
Almost all stars will pass through a “ red giant ” phase of their lives , and at the end of that phase they will lose some mass to the interstellar medium ( the ISM is the ultra - low - density “ atmosphere ” of the galaxy — random gas drifting around that generally would make a good laboratory vacuum on Earth ) .
Stars less than a couple of times the mass of the Sun will wind up with a fast wind emitting a significant amount of gas ( the outer layers of the star ) to drop the central star ’s mass to below 1.4 solar masses ( white dwarf limit ) , and that mass - loss period results in a bubble in space called a “ planetary nebula . ”
The becoming - exposed core of the central star is a white - hot and small pre-white - dwarf , giving off ultraviolet radiation that ionizes and excites the puffed - off outer layers of the star , so that they glow .
Different scenarios for the star ( whether it ’s a binary , how much mass is lost , at what times ) will result in different shapes for the nebula .
Heather showed many breathtaking images of these varied “ bubbles ” from the Hubble , Spitzer , and Subaru missions .
Supernovae are relatively rare events .
There is one in a large galaxy like the Milky Way about once every 50 years .
Typically only stars which end their red - giant phase with more ( sometimes much more ! ) than twice the mass of the sun explode as supernovae and expel really high - speed shells of gas .
Those shells typically glow for thousands of years , heated to excitation by the shocks set up when high - speed extremely hot low - density gas ploughs into the lower - speed and much cooler ISM .
The result : big bubbles — splashy young ones or delicate arcs of old ones .
Finally , the truly cosmic - scale gas bubbles we see are the result of outflows from active galactic nuclei .
Our own Milky Way has a super - massive black hole at its center ( an SMBH has millions of solar masses , and is composed of millions of stars that are close enough together that they become a singularity — the higher the mass of a black hole , the lower the initial matter density that is required to create one ) .
The nuclei of other galaxies typically are inhabited by SMBH ’s , also , and are much farther away .
But it has recently become possible to obtain images that have made it possible to study the “ bubbles ” blown by gas outflows from these active galactic nuclei .
The shapes of the flows are determined by factors such as how much gas is “ feeding ” the central black hole , whether the disk is fatter or thinner , etc .
The field of Computational Fluid Dynamics gives us the tools to work backward from the picturesque and intriguing shapes of these gas bubbles to the physical conditions producing them — because the same set of fluid - dynamic principles underlies all of these phenomena .
Derek Buzasi - The Little Satellite That Could
http://www.nytimes.com/1999/08/24/science/an-astronomical-bonanza-from-a-washed-out-satellite.html
( a New York Times article on Dr. Buzasi and the subject of this talk )
Derek Buzasi is Professor of Astronomy at the U.S. Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs , currently on active duty for the US Navy .
He is an Affiliate Professor at the Department of Astronomy , University of Washington , and is a member of the science team for the Kepler mission , mentioned above under the talk by his wife , Heather Preston .
How do we know anything about the internal structure of the sun ?
Starting in the 1960s , Robert Leighton developed a Doppler - based observing technique which detects oscillatory motions on the Sun with amplitudes of hundreds of meters per second .
These motions are due to acoustic waves traveling inside the Sun .
The study of these waves is called helioseismology , and the study of starquakes in general is called asteroseismology .
The sun , like other stars , resonates in about a million different modes simultaneously .
Although convective “ noise ” generates a wide range of frequencies , since the star can be considered as a resonant cavity only a finite number of these waves interfere construc - tively and survive .
Each mode that survives tells us something about the structure of the star .
Since long - wavelength waves penetrate deeper into the sun , while shorter wave - lengths sample only the surface , using all of them we can construct a model of the entire stellar interior .
From such models , we can learn about details of internal rotation , convection , and structure .
The Wide - Field Infrared Explorer ( WIRE ) , launched in 1999 , was a NASA satellite intended to make a four - month infrared survey of the entire sky , specifically focusing on starburst galaxies and luminous protogalaxies .
Unfortunately , the main scientific instrument on this satellite failed shortly after launch .
It was considered a total loss but Dr. Buzasi realized that the onboard star tracker , a small guide scope on the side of the main scientific instrument , could be repurposed for asteroseismology studies .
This approach resulted in interesting results within two weeks and eventually became the primary instrument for the mission over the next 7 years .
WIRE data typically achieved precision twenty to a hundred times better than ground - based asteroseismology studies .
The best data have a relative precision level of approximately one part per million .
Dr. Buzasi showed examples of observational data and its uses in testing stellar models .
The Earths of Alpha Centauri
Michael Edward McNeil
Figure 1 . Schema of the Alpha Centauri system
University of California at Santa Cruz astronomy and astrophysics graduate student Javiera Guedes ( first author ) , together with her coauthors , have published a fascinating piece in The Astrophysical Journal titled the “ Formation and Detection of Terrestrial Planets around α [ Alpha ] Centauri B ” 1 which in my view deserves far wider audience and consideration than it can receive in that journal , however prestigious and renowned a scientific journal it assuredly is .
The subject of that paper , the binary Alpha Centauri star system ( also known as Rigil Kentaurus or Toliman ) , at some 4.4 light years ( or about 1.3 parsecs ) distant from the Sun , is the closest extrasolar stellar system to our own Solar System and Earth .
The brightest star in that system , Alpha Centauri A , is quite similar to our Sun in mass ( at ~ 1.105 solar masses ) , and extremely similar in color and thus temperature ( classed , like the Sun , as a spectral type G2 V , a so - called “ yellow dwarf ” ) , whilst its companion Alpha Centauri B is only slightly smaller ( ~0.934 times the Sun ’s mass ) and a bit redder and therefore cooler ( spectral type K1 V ) than the Sun .
One might note that the Alpha Centauri system ( at about 5.6 - 5.9 Gyr ) is between 1 and 1.3 billion years older than our Sun and Solar System , while it ’s about half again as rich in “ metals ” ( as astronomers regard them : i.e. , elements heavier than hydrogen and helium ) as our own system .
Though it has a third , much smaller ( ~0.1 solar mass ) spectral type M “ red dwarf ” com-panion star known as Proxima Centauri — swinging at an enormous distance ( perhaps a fifth of a light year ) away from its principals —
Alpha Centauri is essentially a close binary star system ; and thus one might imagine that the gravitational influence of Alpha Centauri ’s two principal stars , A and B , on each other would forestall prospects for any stable planets circling either star .
As it happens , however , those primary components of Alpha Centauri are not actually all that close , orbiting each other some 23 astronomical units ( 23 times the distance between the Earth and the Sun , abbreviated AU ) apart from each other — equivalent to B ( or A ) circling between the orbits of Uranus and Neptune ( in our Solar System ) with regard to the other — and as a result planets orbiting beyond what would be the orbit of Mars here , up to some 3 AU away from its primary ( or well into our asteroid belt ) are not ruled out around either star ; moreover any planets ( if they exist ) are computed with high probability to be stable for the requisite billions of years time .
Moreover , planets have already been discovered orbiting other roughly similar binary stars ( e.g. , γ [ Gamma ] Cephei , HD 41004 , and Gliese 86 ) having basically equivalent separations from each other .
Indeed , Alpha Centauri A and B would probably even have performed a positive perturbative role with regard to each other ’s incipient planetary systems , similar to that which the gas giants Jupiter , Saturn , and beyond are thought to have played in planetary evolution here in our Solar System , to wit providing “ perturbations allow[ing ] for the accretion of a large number of planetary embryos into a final configuration containing 3 - 4 bodies . ”
( Note that we omit end - note references in all quotes from The Astrophysical Journal article . )
Alpha Centauri B , as a cooler , “ quieter , ” less variable and flare - prone star than Alpha Centauri A ( or the Sun for that matter ) , as a result is somewhat easier than A to detect any planets circling round .
Thus it is on B that the authors concentrate their attention , estimating that after only about three years of “ high cadence ” observations ( watching B on basically every night that there ’s good seeing and the telescope is available ) , one could detect ( using the so - called Doppler or radial - shift detection method ) a planet of only some 1.8 Earth - masses circling within B’s so - called “ habitable zone , ” while somewhat smaller worlds ought to become apparent in only a couple of years more .
Whilst it ’s also sometimes possible to detect extrasolar planets by observing their transit ( or eclipse ) across the disk of their primary star as seen from Earth , that method requires that the plane of any planets ’ orbits be closely aligned with the direction of our Sun with respect to that system — which is obviously extremely unlikely when attempting to locate worlds circling any particular star — and thus such an approach is suitable only for statistical surveys of a great many stars , not for finding the planets of any specific suns .
In addition to evaluating how Alpha Centaurian planets could be observed from the perspective of Earth , the authors conducted a number of computed simulations ( eight in all ) of possible routes to planetary system formation , starting from initial circumstances “ mimic[ing ] conditions at the onset of the chaotic growth phase of terrestrial planet formation in which collisions of isolated embryos , protoplanets of approximately lunar mass , dominate the evolution of the disk .
During this phase , gravitational interactions among planetary embryos serve to form the final planetary system around the star and clear out the remaining material in the disk .
At the start of this phase , several hundred protoplanets were presumed to orbit the star [ in ] nearly circular orbits . ”
Each run of the simulation “ populate [d ] the disk with N = 400 to N = 900 embryos of lunar mass [ … ] . ”
Simulation number 7 ( see Figure 3 ) , specially exemplified herein and in The Astrophys - ical Journal article ( known as r600 _1 there ) , started with 600 embryos .
All bodies in the simulations interact only through gravity , and the evolution of their positions and velocities with time were calculated using the MERCURY code , designed for the presence of a binary companion and allowing planetary embryos to collide and stick together to form larger planets .
The investigators “ focus[ed ] on terrestrial planet formation around α Cen B [ … ] . ”
As they note , “ [ P ] lanet formation around α Cen A is expected to be qualitatively similar . ”
Figure 2 illustrates how simulations of the evolution of a planetary system surrounding Alpha Centauri B typically progressed ( using simulation 7 ) .
The authors describe the figure thusly :
Figure [ 2 ] shows the late evolutionary stage of a protoplanetary disk initially containing 600 moon - mass embryos [ appearing in Figure 3 as simulation number 7 ] .
The radius of each circle is proportional to the radius of the object .
Bodies in the outer parts of the disk ( [ orbital semimajor axis ] a > 3 AU ) are immediately launched into highly eccentric orbits and either migrate inward to be accreted by inner bodies , collide with the central star , or are ejected from the system [… ] .
In this simulation , ~ 65 % of the total initial mass is cleared within the first 70 Myr .
By the end of simulation [ 7 ] , four planets have formed .
One planet has approximately the mass of Mercury and is located at a = 0.2 AU , two 0.6 [ Earth mass ] planets form at a = 0.7 and a = 1.8 AU , and a 1.8 [ Earth mass ] planet forms at a = 1.09 AU .
[ …]
All of our simulations result in the formation of 1 - 4 planets with semimajor axes in the range 0.7 < a < 1.9 AU [… ] .
We find that 42 % of all planets formed with masses in the range 1 - 2 [ Earth masses ] reside in the star ’s habitable zone [ Fig. 3 ] , taken to be 0.5 < a hab < 0.9 [ AU ] . [ … ]
All of our disks form systems with one or two planets in the 1 - 2 [ Earth ] mass range .
Figure 3 illustrates the results of all eight Alpha Centauri B system evolution simulations that the authors performed .
The especially illustrated simulation used herein appears as number seven near the bottom , whilst for comparison our Solar System is shown to scale at top .
We see that realistic astrophysical simulations predict that planets surrounding Alpha Centauri B ( as well as a similar system circling A ) are quite likely .
What will it take to actually find such worlds , if they do exist ?
As noted earlier , due to the extreme unlikelihood of any specific stellar planetary system ’s equivalent of our “ plane of the ecliptic ” ( the plane in which its planets ’ orbits
Figure 2 . Simulated evolution of a planetary system ( simulation 7 ) for Alpha Centauri B
Figure 3 . Simulated planetary systems of Alpha Centauri B
generally circle ) exactly lining up on edge as seen from Earth , the transit method for detecting extrasolar planets cannot be applied ( other than by the remotest chance ) for locating worlds orbiting specific suns — leaving only the “ Doppler wobble ” method available for finding planets in more particular circumstances .
Even for that approach
to work , the plane of a given star ’s planetary orbits must not directly face the Sun ( i.e. , the axis of that plane must n’t be oriented directly toward or away from the Sun ) , as there has to be some planetary radial velocity toward or away from the Earth for us to detect .
Inasmuch as theoretical considerations imply that the orbital plane of planets circling either star of a close binary system should in general be aligned with the orbits of the stars themselves as they revolve about each other — and since in the case of the Alpha Centauri system , its two stars ’ orbital plane can be observed to be inclined to the line of view from here in the Sol System by a mere 11 degrees ( the axis of that plane being almost perpendicular to the line of sight from the Earth ) — planets circling either A or B are nearly ideal for detection from Earth using the radial - velocity technique .
Indeed , as the authors of this study conclude : “ α Cen B is overwhelmingly the best star in the sky for which one can contemplate mounting a high - cadence [ nightly ] search ” for extant terrestrial worlds , among other things because “ α
Cen B is exceptionally quiet , both in terms of acoustic p-mode oscillations and chromospheric activity . ”
They note that “ [t ] he radial velocity [ Doppler ] detection of Earth - mass planets near the habitable zones of solar - type stars requires cm s−1 [ centimeter per second velocity ] precision , ” whereas Alpha Centauri A exhibits ( rather Sun- like ) oscillatory noise on the order of 1 to 3 m s−1 ( meters per second ) , which would effectively swamp attempts to detect planets circling A using near - term technology .
Alpha Centauri B , on the other hand , as a fundamentally quieter star , displays peak amplitude noise on the order of 0.08 m s−1 ( 8 cm/second ) , which is also far higher in frequency than the periods of any potential terrestrial planets to be detected .
As a result , a “ focused high cadence approach involving year - round , all - night observations would effectively average out the star ’s p-mode oscillations . ”
Observations also reveal that Alpha Centauri B exhibits much less chromospheric variability associated with stellar flares than does A ( the former modifying its x-ray brightness only within a factor of two over a couple of years time whilst A could be observably seen to vary by an order - of - magnitude factor of ten ) .
The paper further points out that :
α Cen B is remarkably similar in age , mass , and spectral type to HD 69830 , the nearby K0 dwarf known to host three Neptune - mass planets .
Both α Cen B and HD 69830 are slightly less massive than the Sun with masses 0.91 and 0.86 [ solar masses ] respectively .
Their estimated ages are 5.6 - 5.9 Gyr for α Cen B and 4 - 10 Gyr for HD 69830 .
Both stars are slightly cooler than the Sun : α Cen B is a K1 V with [ an effective temperature ]
T eff = 5350 K , while HD 69830 is a type K0 V star with T eff = 5385 K .
The stars have also similar visual absolute magnitudes , M V = 5.8 for α Cen B and M V = 5.7 for HD 69830 ; however , due to its proximity to us , the former star appears much brighter ( m V = + 1.34 ) , allowing for exposures that are ~ 60 times shorter .
One can thus use a far smaller aperture telescope , or alternatively , entertain a far higher observational cadence .
Moreover , Alpha Centauri
A and B being so close to each other in space as well as physically similar to one another allows parallel observations of the two stars to reveal concurrent variations which , seen in both , allow identification of systematic artifacts in the observational process that can thus be filtered out of any meaningful results .
Furthermore , as the study notes , the position of Alpha Centauri at about - 60° declination in our southern sky is nearly perfect for virtually continuous night - by - night observations from two existing vantage points , the Las Campañas Observatory together with the Cerro Tololo Inter - American Observatory , both in Chile , either of which ought to provide up to almost 300 viewing days a year ( 60 days a year being basically unavailable while Alpha Centauri annually passes behind the Sun , plus a few more days lost as a result of bad weather ) .
Inasmuch as the proportionate density of binary , roughly - solar - mass component star systems in this part of the galaxy is only about 0.02 per cubic parsec ( 1 cubic parsec = ~ 35 cubic light years ) , and at this time the Alpha Centauri system hovers a mere 1.33 parsecs away from us , we ’re very lucky here in the Solar System having α
Cen proceeding so close nearby during this era for us to perform this highly desirable search .
As The Astrophysical Journal paper concludes : “ All these criteria make α Cen B the ideal host and candidate for the detection of a planetary system that contains one or more terrestrial planets . ”
Indeed , “ our current understanding of the process of terrestrial planet formation strongly suggests that both principal components of the α Cen system should have terrestrial planets . ”
Given that extremely tantalizing possibility , what will it take to find those worlds orbiting Alpha Centauri B , if they exist ?
As the authors note :
A successful detection of terrestrial planets orbiting α
Cen B can be made within a few years and with the modest investment of resources required to mount a dedicated radial - velocity campaign with a 1 m class telescope and high - resolution spectrograph .
The plan requires three things to go right .
First , the terrestrial planets need to have formed , and they need to have maintained dynamical stability over the past 5 Gyr. Second , the radial velocity technique needs to be pushed ( via unprecedentedly high cadence ) to a degree where planets inducing radial velocity half - amplitudes of order cm s−1 [ centimeter per second ] can be discerned .
Third , the parent star must have a negligible degree of red noise [ in ] the ultralow frequency range occupied by the terrestrial planets .
In this paper , we have made the case that conditions 1 and 2 are highly likely to have been met .
In our view , the intrinsic noise spectrum of α Centauri B is likely all that stands between the present day and the imminent detection of extremely nearby , poten - tially habitable planets .
Because whole - Sun measurements of the solar noise are intrin-sically difficult to obtain , our best opportunity to measure microvariability in radial velocities is to do the α Cen AB Doppler experiment .
The intrinsic luminosity of the stars , their sky location , and their close pairing will allow for a definitive test of the limits
Figure 4 .
How the detection “ periodogram ” for a simulated Alpha Centauri B planetary system ( simulation 7 ) evolves over 5 years of observations
of the radial velocity technique .
If these limits can be pushed down to the cm s−1 level , then the prize , and the implications , may be very great indeed .
At this point over four hundred planets have been discovered circling other stars beyond the Sun — all thus far found , due to hitherto operative technical limitations , necessarily being much larger than Earth and thus far from being really terrestrial in type .
The Alpha
Figure 5 .
How nightly observations over 5 years build that periodogram for a simulated Alpha Centauri B planetary system
Centauri system offers the opportunity to refine those limits downward toward worlds much closer in size , and thus potentially in habitability , to the Earth .
Figures 4 and 5 illustrate how such a high - cadence search over a period of several years could zero in closer and closer toward identifying any planets of Alpha Centauri B that are truly terrestrial in scale .
As the capability for detecting truly terrestrial - type planets circling round nearby stars approaches , we ’re on the cusp of an adventure grander by far than Columbus ’s voyages to the New World or other great discoveries of the age of exploration , not only for its tremendous scientific value ( finding what variety of worlds so - called “ terrestrial ” planets can form , not to speak of the enormous significance of possibly discovering other inde-pendently evolved organisms inhabiting them ) , but also for the sake of the future history of mankind , along with the ultimate fate of all life dwelling on — but presently restricted to this single egg - basket of — our planet Earth .
In a discussion such as this of potential planets circling the component stars of the Alpha Centauri system , special recognition is due the late biochemist and most prolific science fiction and fact writer Isaac Asimov , for it was he who , just a half - century ago ( in June , 1959 ) , penned his far - sighted essay “ The Planet of the Double Sun ” 2 concerning the possibility of just such worlds existing .
A quarter - century later , in 1985 , he wrote another essay on the subject of life near Alpha Centauri called “ The Double Star ” 3 ; whilst in 1976 Asimov published an entire book on Alpha Centauri , The Nearest Star . 4
In regard to the intrinsic value of such planets , it ’s worth noting the ending of Asimov ’s affecting science fiction novel The End of Eternity 5 , which serves as the introduction to his famous Galactic Empire and Foundation series of stories .
In the context of this tale , when it is realized that ready access to the universe is at hand for humanity ( provided they take a critical step , namely make a certain change to the past ) , the principal protag - onist wonders aloud what good it would really do if they should indeed accomplish it :
“ And what would have been gained ? ” asked Harlan doggedly .
“ Would we be happier ? ”
Whereupon his erstwhile enemy , more recent ally , and soon to be spouse replies :
“ Whom do you mean by ‘ we ’ ?
Man would not be a world but a million worlds , a billion worlds .
We would have the infinite in our grasp .
Each world would have its own stretch of the Centuries , each its own values , a chance to seek happiness after ways of its own in an environment of its own .
There are many happinesses , many goods , infinite variety .
. . .
That is the Basic State of mankind . ”
Now , on the cusp of the fortieth anniversary of mankind ’s ( as representative of all life on Earth ) first visit in all the billions of years ’ history of Earthly life to another planet , it ’s time to get on with it .
Let ’s find those worlds !
Glossary
absolute magnitude intrinsic visual brightness of an object as it would be seen from a fixed distance — in the case of a star this is established as being 10 parsecs or 32.6 light years away AU astronomical unit , abbreviated AU ( sometimes symbolized ua ) : one AU is the average distance between Earth and the Sun — about 150 million km or 93 million miles binary star system star system consisting of two stars orbiting each other about a common center of mass chromosphere relatively thin ( perhaps 2,000 km thick in the case of the Sun ) semitransparent layer in a star which lies just above its opaque photosphere or visible “ surface ” chromospheric variability activity or variability in a star which occurs within its chromo - sphere Doppler wobble method for locating extrasolar planets by the radial velocity ( as seen from Earth ) perturbations they induce in the motions of the primary star they orbit Earth mass mass of the Earth : some 6 × 1024 kg or about 0.31 % the mass of Jupiter dynamical stability long - term probabilistic stability of planets over gigayears time against perturbations that would eject them from the system , or throw them into their primary star or each other eccentric orbit an orbital path that is a highly flattened ellipse rather than being approximately circular ecliptic rough plane in which the planets of the Solar System ( exception : Pluto ) generally orbit extrasolar body planet , star , or other body which orbits or moves outside the realm of the Solar System gas - giant planet giant planet like Jupiter which is composed principally of the gases hydrogen and helium Gyr gigayears : billions of years habitable zone region surrounding a star where temperatures on an Earth - type planet circling within that zone are suitable for life as we know it — in our Solar System it is considered to lie between about 0.95 to 1.37 AU from the Sun half - amplitude absolute ( positive ) value of maximum amplitude , as opposed to amplitudes varying in sign between positive and negative over a continuous approximately sine - wave cycle high cadence astronomical observations conducted at a high frequency — e.g. , nightly — in order to sample the orbit of a planet thoroughly and to reduce the noise .
Jupiter mass mass of Jupiter : around 2 × 1027 kg , or about 0.1 % the mass of the Sun or 318 times the mass of Earth
light year the distance that light travels in vacuum in a year : about 9 trillion km or 6 trillion miles MERCURY ( code ) software package designed to solve for the positions and velocities of planetesimals in the gravitational field of a host star .
The program is publicly available and was written by John Chambers .
Mercury mass mass of the planet Mercury : about 3 × 1023 kg or around 5.5 % the mass of Earth metals metals as astronomers regard them : to wit , elements heavier than hydrogen and helium microvariability small amplitude variability Moon ( or lunar ) mass mass of the Moon : some 7 × 1022 kg or about 1.2 % the mass of Earth Neptune mass mass of Neptune : close to 1 × 1026 kg , or some 17 times the mass of Earth or 5.4 % of Jupiter ’s mass p-mode oscillations ( or pressure - mode
oscillations ) p-mode oscillations are acoustic wave propagations driven by internal pressure fluctuations within a star .
They are acoustic in nature because they depend on the local sound speed of the star ’s interior .
The fluctuations are periodic and therefore the waves are
a source of noise for radial - velocity based planet searches .
parsec the distance at which an extrasolar body ’s parallax with regard to Earth ’s orbit around the Sun subtends an angle of one second of arc — approximately 3.26 light years periodogram measured periodic radial velocity variations in a star over time that might indicate the presence of planets photosphere opaque layer of a star which constitutes its visible “ surface ” protoplanet Moon - sized or larger planetary embryos orbiting a star within its protoplanetary disk protoplanetary disk rotating disk of gas and dust surrounding a fledgling star which may accrete into planets radial velocity velocity component of an extrasolar star or planet directed toward or away from Earth red noise low - frequency random noise emitted by a star under observation semimajor axis one - half of the length of the long axis of an elliptical orbit — equivalent to a body ’s average distance from its primary spectral type classification system for stars based on a star ’s color and thus its surface temperature spectrograph instrument measuring an object ’s light output across a spectrum of optical frequencies stellar flare eruption of plasma from the surface of a star Sun ( or solar ) mass mass of the Sun : about 2 × 1030 kg or some 333,000 times the mass of Earth terrestrial planet planets consisting primarily of rocks ( normally silicate rocks ) at least near the surface ; as opposed to gas - giant planets transit method method for detecting an extrasolar planet by observing the dip in its primary star ’s light output as the planet passes directly in front of the star ’s disk as viewed from Earth
Acknowledgments and References
Many thanks to talented astronomy and astrophysics graduate student Javiera Guedes ( and first author on the Astrophysical Journal paper ) for her support and suggestions as well as permission to use the figures from her and her co-authors ’ article , and supplying her own version of Figure 5 , and to Barbara Fasulo , who assisted Ms. Guedes with the illustrations .
Ms. Guedes has already personally conducted observations of Alpha Cen- tauri at Cerro Tololo Inter - American Observatory and is to do more in 2010 and 2011 .
Observations are currently being conducted by Professor Debra Fisher ( Yale ) and her team .
Kudos to all the investigators in this study , and best wishes in the great search !
1 J. M. Guedes , E. J. Rivera , E. Davis , and G. Laughlin ( all at the University of California at Santa Cruz , Astronomy and Astrophysics department ) , E. V. Quintana ( SETI Institute , Mountain View , CA ) , and D. A. Fischer ( San Francisco State University , Physics and Astronomy department ) , “ Formation and Detection of Terrestrial Planets around α Centauri B , ” The Astrophysical Journal , Vol. 679 , Issue No. 2 ( 2008 ) , pp. 1581-1587 ; doi : 10.1086/587799 .
2 Isaac Asimov , “ The Planet of the Double Sun , ” The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction , June , 1959 , Mercury Press , New York .
Collected in Fact and Fancy , Doubleday & Co. , Garden City , NY , 1962 ; also in Asimov on Astronomy , Anchor Press , Garden City , NY , 1975 .
3 Isaac Asimov , “ The Double Star , ” American Way , American Airlines , September 3 , 1985 .
Collected in The Dangers of Intelligence And Other Science Essays , Houghton Mifflin , Boston , 1986 .
4 Isaac Asimov , Alpha Centauri , The Nearest Star , Lothrop , Lee & Shepard Co. , New York , 1976 .
5 Isaac Asimov , The End of Eternity , Doubleday & Co. , Garden City , NY , 1955 , p. 187 .
Thermalizing Background Radiation
R. Fred Vaughan
fred@vaughan.cc
Any theory of the cosmos must account for apparent equilibrium conditions as - sociated with the microwave background radiation .
There is in addition a light element percentage issue , most notably the universal hydrogen - to - helium ratio .
It is an interesting fact that the energy that would have been released primarily as gamma radiation in pro-ducing the notable 24 % helium by mass from a primordial hydrogenous plasma observed throughout our universe is precisely the energy density found in the microwave back - ground radiation .
Of course gamma ray production from this source would be incon-sequential in comparison to what would have been produced by the annihilation of a billion or so universes as massive as what we observe .
Those are the alternatives .
The unfathomable catastrophe is what standard cosmological model proponents argue as the preferred accounting for what is observed .
This position derives , of course , from the observed cosmological redshifting and inferred consequences of that phenomenon .
Nonetheless , the aforementioned cosmological coincidence is definitely among the more significant phenomena to be accounted for by models that attempt to explain the cosmos .
Whatever the ultimate origin of the radiation that now clutters the universe as 2.725 K blackbody radiation , unless it were to have resulted as the mere emanation of a ‘ soup ’ of material particles at that temperature , there is a requirement that the original radiation that was its penultimate cause be ‘ thermalized ’ to reach equilibrium .
That process involves the intercourse of radiation and matter .
The scattering of radiation by which this is effected involves both diffraction and absorption followed by re-emission , but in any case can only be effected by the interaction of electromagnetic photons with material particles .
In contradistinction to the means of reaching equilibrium of particulate energies , which achieve that result by mere collisions one with another , radiation cannot redistribute its photon energies ( except for very exceptional situations that do not alter the points being made here ) other than by their interactions with matter .
Normally , by which term one usually means ‘ here on planet earth ’ , radiation tem- perature and the kinetic temperature of associated material particles in a thermal medium in equilibrium would be identical in any system characterized by blackbody radiation .
However , what seems ‘ normal ’ for the thermodynamics studied in laboratories has not involved virtually infinite ‘ cavities ’ where redshifting of radiation takes place , as is perti-nent to cosmology .
In standard cosmological models it is assumed that background radiation had continuously been in equilibrium with a dense plasma that expanded adia - batically until , at a redshift of about 1,250 , the plasma is thought to have become so cool and diffuse that it no longer supported scattering .
That point in spacetime after which radiation is no longer considered to have interacted with matter is termed the ‘ surface of last scattering ’ .
These two phases in the preparation of the background radiation have necessarily to be handled differently in the standard cosmological model .
Perhaps there is a less conflated explanation .
Understanding Blackbody Radiation
Before proceeding it is important that the reader understand what ‘ blackbody ’ radiation is .
It is sometimes called ‘ cavity ’ radiation as we did above because it is the distribution of photons that would be observed emanating from a tiny opening in a cavity that is in thermal equilibrium .
In Figure 1 such a cavity is illustrated that is maintained at a constant temperature by having been placed in a ‘ heat bath ’ long enough for the cavity wall to have reached a stable thermal equilibrium temperature .
Experimental analyses of blackbody radiation are performed using just such apparatuses .
For obvious reasons what would be seen if one were to look into the hole of such a contraption is called “ blackbody radiation . ”
The detected radiation has an invariable form named “ Planck radiation distribution ” because , in contrast to the notorious failure of its predecessor the “ Rayleigh - Jeans distribution , ” Planck was able to precisely match what is observed .
This “ blackbody ” spectrum has the functional form r[ l , T ] dl that is illustrated graphically in Figure 2 .
Its formula is given by :
r [ l , T ] dl = ( 2p h c / l5 ) ( e K / l T - 1 ) - 1 dl Eq. 1
This particular parametrical representation is denominated , ‘ spectral radiant exitance ’ and is expressed per unit wavelength l .
The units of r[ l , T ] are ergs / cm2 sec .
The constant factor K in the exponent is defined as :
K º h c / k @ 1.441 cm K ,
Figure 1 : Apparatus for observing ‘ cavity ’ radiation
Figure 2 : Blackbody spectrum and its fourth order relationship to temperature
where the individual factors in this definition are : Planck ’s constant h = 6.63 x 10 - 27 erg seconds , the speed of light in vacuum c = 2.998 x 1010 centimeters per second , and Boltz - mann ’s constant k = 1.3807 x 10 - 16 erg per degree K , are all given here in the cgs system of units .
The wavelength associated with the peak of this distribution function is :
l peak = 0.2 ( h c / k T ) @ 0.2898 / T cm
Assigning a value of T = 3 x 108 K would , for example , result in a peak radiation wave - length of l p » 10 - 9 cm in the ‘ hard X - ray ’ portion of the electromagnetic spectrum .
The quantum energy of a single photon as a function of its wavelength l is :
E p [ l ] = h c / l ergs
Thus , dividing the wavelength distribution function r[l , T ] dl by the speed of light determines the energy per cubic centimeter in the wavelength interval l to l + dl .
If we integrate this function over all wavelengths , we obtain the following energy density for a ‘ blackbody ’ distribution :
E[ T ] = ( 8 p5 k4 / 15 h3 c3 ) T 4 @ 7.5 x 10-15 T 4 ergs / cm3 Eq. 2
The total energy radiated in one second through a square centimeter of surface area , I [ T ] by such a blackbody involving any substance in thermal equilibrium is given by Stefan ’s empirical formula :
I [ T ] º c E [ T ] = s e T 4 erg / cm2 sec
Here s = 2.268 x 10 - 4 erg / cm - 2 K - 4 is the Stefan - Boltzmann constant and e is the emissivity , i.e. , the efficiency of emission relative to that of a theoretically perfect black - body .
( Note that emissivity and absorptivity are equal for a given substance . )
In Figure 3 we have depicted the situation in which the ‘ heat bath ’ of Figure 1 is produced by an ideal gas of indefinite extent for which there would be no fringe effects .
The temperature of the gas is maintained at the required value of the cavity wall .
In an equilibrium situation characterized by the conservation of energy , total energy will be partitioned equally among all constituents of a gas .
This includes not only particulate components of the gas , but also the thermalized photons of electromagnetic energy .
Figure 3 : ‘ Cavity ’ embedded in an ideal gas at a fixed temperature
In this figure , as in Figure 1 above , all photons are seen to have originated as emissions or reflections off the wall of the cavity , and are assumed to remain unchanged during transmission unless and until they interact with the cavity wall in a subsequent scattering event .
However , for a ‘ bath ’ comprised of the stationary state ideal gas shown in Figure 3 , the situation is similar to taking away the cavity wall altogether and allowing the gas to move freely throughout what was formerly the cavity as is now shown in Fig-ure 4 .
Photons would then scatter off of particles in the gas rather than the wall of the cavity , but to similar effect .
However , in order that it indeed be to similar effect , the gas must be dense enough or its extent great enough that the same density of photons is real - ized within the conceptual cavity walls as shown .
In his quantum theory of radiation Einstein derived the Planck distribution from first principles using the Boltzmann energy distribution of particles in an ideal gas rather than as mere oscillators in a cavity wall .
In Figure 4 we show the same photons shown in the previous figures within the now only ‘ conceptual cavity ’ radius although recognizing that similar photons will exist throughout the gas .
Some of the depicted photons will now have originated outside the spherical region where the cavity had been situated .
Inter-actions all involve a material particle that could be considered a part of a contorted ‘ surface ’ area , however , each at a different distance from any central point .
Importantly , the observed distribution of photons within the former cavity region will be essentially the same whether there is a solid , fixed cavity wall or not .
Figure 4 : Radiation situation in an ideal gas
Thermal equilibrium will pertain to regions that are at least several times the ‘ optical thickness ’ interior to any surface boundary at which there is a temperature gradi-ent .
This condition ensures that radiation and material particles will be in thermodynamic equilibrium throughout this interior region .
The ‘ optical thickness ’ is a distance that radi-ation must penetrate in a medium before its intensity is reduced to e-1 @ 0.368 of its original value .
This involves radiation energy being converted into mechanical energy in the medium via absorption from scattering .
In such cases , where the equipartition of energy typically demands all constituents of a thermal medium share a common kinetic temperature , the associated radiation is not excluded .
Other than for thermonuclear reactions , the redistribution of energy in material substances does not alter the number of entities among which the energy will be shared .
This is not the case for electromagnetic energy , however .
The number of photons at each wavelength and the total number of photons in the distribution will be altered by the thermalization process .
It is also significant that the density of material particles does not enter Planck ’s formula at all .
The reason is that although ‘ heat ’ is currently perceived as tantamount to the movement of constituent particles , the blackbody form of distribution assumes an enclosed cavity as shown in Figures 1 and 3 , and to the same effect in figure 4 .
If the conceptual cavity wall shown in Figure 4 had been less than several times the optical thickness of the medium from the boundary of the substance , then the blackbody form might not have been realized if there were lower temperatures out away from the cavity wall .
The reason for this is that some of the photons in the ‘ mix ’ could have been generated by an interaction with a particle of lower temperature at a large distance from the conceptual cavity wall .
There would still be ‘ thermal ’ radiation given off , but it would not have achieved the blackbody form of the equilibrium situation and the equi-partition of energy could not be rigorously applied .
In this way the density of particles does provide a constraint on the thermalization process .
So far we have only discussed situations in which there is no redshifting of the involved radiation .
Redshifting will become an issue in situations in which the optical depth is appreciable relative to distances for which an observable redshift occurs .
As in the previous situation we will see that for ‘ thin ’ ( i.e. , diffuse , low density ) substances the average temperature of the contorted cavity surface in Figure 4 to which any blackbody radiation distribution would apply may be significantly lower than the kinetic temper - ature of the particles , even at equilibrium .
Figures 1 and 4 illustrate two of the ways in which electromagnetic radiation can achieve and maintain a blackbody spectrum , either by interacting with solid surfaces at a fixed temperature or by interacting with particles in an optically thick gaseous substance that is in equilibrium at the given temperature .
These interchanges in both cases bring about the complete sharing of energy characterized by the phrase ‘ equipartition of en-ergy ’ .
In each of the three figures above it is the individual exchanges of energy with particulate entities that produce the redistribution of electromagnetic energy as the system proceeds toward equilibrium , so that ordinarily these two instances would be very sim-ilar .
Thus it is that these two illustrated situations are not ordinarily considered to be different in any very essential way .
However , although the two situations illustrated in Figures 1 and 4 may not be considered as being different , they very definitely are .
When photons in an ideal gas ex-perience redshifting a subtle but major difference is introduced .
The difference involves the concentric spheres of propagation distance , indicated by dashed circles in Figure 4 , not requiring the same amount of time for a photon to cover the distance from its last interaction to its next one in the two cases .
So that if redshifting is occurring in one case during the interval of a photon ’s transit , it will arrive at its next interaction with a dif- ferent wavelength ( and associated energy ) in that situation .
The different interaction history of the photons , even those within the symbolically indicated confines of the cavity domain ( or any cubic centimeter of the space ) will alter the resulting distribution in ways that need to be investigated .
This is very similar to how any change in the medium tem - perature that might occur over the duration of the longest propagation time would affect the distribution .
The question we will be addressing is : “ What would be the resulting distribution of photons in such cases ? ”
The answer to this question is extremely relevant to cosmology .
Blackbody Radiation in a redshifting environment
The mechanism responsible for redshifting has a significant impact on the results of the thermalization process .
If , as standard - model cosmologists suggest , space expands ‘ beneath ’ the photons as they travel ( particularly in the second phase of the background radiation production process ) , the mechanism is straightforward .
Propagation from a ‘ surface of last scattering ’ to current observations of the microwave background merely involves a Doppler redshift associated with a receding wall at a higher temperature .
In the standard model it is assumed that there has been no scattering of background radiation propagated from a redshift of about 1200 where ( when ) it is assumed that the earlier plasma had cooled sufficiently to coalesce into neutral atomic and molecular substances .
This assumes that intergalactic space is , for all practical purposes , a complete vacuum , and although this seems somewhat reasonable on the face of it , it is n’t .
Proponents be -lieve the universe to have been so ‘ smooth ’ that the ‘ last scattering ’ would have happened at almost exactly the same redshift ( instant in the past ) in all directions , with radiation scattered off the last extant plasma continuing to propagate to the present observations without incident .
They argue that it is as though there were a radiating ‘ solid ’ surface at about 3,400 K at that distance / redshift .
The effect of redshift ( defined here as Z ) on radiation is to lengthen the wave - length of all propagating radiation as follows :
Z º ( l o - l e ) / l e Eq. 3
Here l o is the observed wavelength of the radiation and l e is the initially emitted wavelength of that same radiation .
This is reflected in the statement ,
l o = ( Z + 1 ) l e
Substituting this expression into Eq. 1 , we obtain :
r[ ( Z + 1 ) l e , T ] dl = ( r[ l e , T ] / ( Z + 1 ) 4 ) dl
Similarly also from Eq. 1 we have that :
r [ l , T e / ( Z + 1 ) ] dl = ( r[ l , T e ] / ( Z + 1 ) 4 ) dl
A fourth order temperature dependence was similarly apparent in the functionality of the blackbody intensity in Eq. 2 above .
There it is apparent that a blackbody that is at a temperature twice the number of degrees Kelvin as another will radiate at sixteen times the intensity , as was shown in Figure 2 above .
Clearly , we have the relationship :
r [ l , T o ] dl = r [ l , T e ] ( T o / T e ) 4 dl
This was illustrated in Figure 2 .
From this and the previous equations it is apparent that :
T o 4 = T e 4 / ( Z + 1 )
4
Employing assumptions of the standard cosmological model with regard to a surface of last scattering , since the observed blackbody temperature in our universe is T o = 2.725 K , we have for the temperature of that surface :
T e = 2.725 ( Z + 1 )
So if Z = 1,250 , we would have that T e » 3,400 K .
So the microwave background radi-ation temperature is not so much of a prediction as a retrofitting of two numbers that combine to give a third , which is observed .
Nor is it obvious that either of the inferred numbers is precisely correct .
Other combinations would have worked .
Figure 5 shows the relative abundance of various neutral and ionized forms of hydrogen and helium as functions of kinetic temperature , each shown for one ( solid line ) and ten ( dotted line ) dynes of dynamic pressure , with considerably lower pressures obvi-ously reducing condensation temperatures commensurably further .
Certainly the as - sumed density profile of the standard model plays into the assignment of a value for Z .
However , there is a significant issue raised by this figure ; it is that there would be a non-negligible range of transition temperatures , densities , and redshifts between states of fully ionized plasma and neutral atomic and molecular matter .
It seems reasonable from the figure that there would be a transition phase of on the order of a thousand degrees with corresponding differences in pressure , with the redshift changing by several hundred .
Throughout that interval plasma scattering would be taking place to varying degrees .
This certainly makes the tiny variation in the observed background of one part in ten to the fourth or fifth seem an unlikely consequence of this ‘ de - coupling ’ situation .
A 3,400 K plasma assumed as the effective ‘ cavity wall ’ would have been respon -sible for 10 ergs per cubic centimeter radiated throughout all space — a tremendous energy density .
In comparison , the microwave background involves about 4 x 10 - 13 ergs cm - 3 .
Suppose that , instead of a cavity wall at only the one redshift , portions of that high temperature wall had been distributed throughout all space with radiation from the more distant segments of the contorted wall redshifted more than that from closer ones .
Suppose further , as we did above , that radiation originating at each such ‘ surface ’ seg - ment would not be involved in subsequent scattering .
In this case the resulting energy density E ' [ T ] would be the integral of the energy density over all the surfaces as follows :
¥ o
E'[ T ] = ò E[ T ] / ( Z + 1 ) 4 d Z = ( 1/3 ) E[T ]
Figure 5 : Light element ionization properties
So the inferred temperature of the observed radiation distribution would be less than that of the kinetic temperature of a unified cavity wall but only by the factor of ( 1/3) 1/4 @ 0.76 , i.e. , 1014 or 1015 times greater than what is observed .
But that is just the implications of energy density , not to be construed as implying a blackbody distribution of radiation .
This is more of an inverted Olbers ’ Paradox reductio ad absurdum argument .
You can see why advocates of the standard model hold to the ‘ one - wall ’ explanation as they have .
Next let us look at the explanation of the earlier phase of background radiation production according to the standard model .
In this case rather than no scattering , with the universe expanding ‘ beneath ’ the radiation , there is thought to have been a homo - geneous plasma with continuous scattering such that at each instant the radiation would have been in instant equilibrium with particulate matter in the plasma state .
The situation is characterized as an adiabatic expansion in which the ensemble of photons and charged particles all share a common temperature .
There is a major difference in how these two phases must be analyzed .
In this case rather than merely invoking a simplified Doppler redshift , we have no redshift assumed during the propagation of thermal radiation , with each succeeding snapshot pieced together , with redshift having occurred in the cracks .
Thermodynamics with varying temperature and pressure are not specifically addressed .
The explanation is oversimplified to assume that thermalization will have caught up with expansion at each instant and that redshift can be treated as a fixed commodity at each instant .
But it ca n’t be ; there would necessarily be a lookback continuum of redshifts of observable radiation at each instant .
It is necessary to incorporate the fact that in addition to radiation being scattered from particles characterized by a given temperature and pressure , that inevitably there would be redshifted photons in the mix that have been scattered off of more distant particles .
This radiation from more distant regions would appear to have been scattered off of ‘ surfaces ’ at different temperatures and that would require re-thermalization .
This problem does not seem to have ever been addressed by proponents of the standard model with regard to this earlier phase of the thermalization process .
At a minimum it would have to be shown that the plasma at each instant was sufficiently dense in each era that a single temperature and redshift could characterize associated radiation .
Alternatively it might be argued that the effects of redshift would have precisely compensated for de-creasing temperatures and densities .
However , the required argument , whatever it turns out to be , has been waived .
But an explanation of some kind is definitely required .
Blackbody effects in an alternative cosmological model
In the preceding discussion there was little discussion of the particular mechanism of redshifting .
Although in the early phase explanation of background radiation of the standard cosmological model , it would have been hotter and the concentric circles in Figure 4 would have gotten closer together due to the greater density in the past .
That would not be without analytical consequence to the predictions .
But that is a deficit for apologists to acknowledge and address as they see fit .
In a scattering model proposed by the author the nature of equilibrium conditions in a redshifting medium is of paramount significance .
In this model , developed in detail in his book , Cosmological Effects of Scattering in the Intergalactic Medium ( ISBN : 978-0-578-02625-1 ) , the author describes how relativistic effects of forward scattering in a hot plasma for which relativistic effects cannot be ignored produces a redshift .
To produce an equivalent effect to what is attributed to cosmological redshift via the Hubble constant , the average product of the density and temperature of the plasma must be on the order of 4.15 x 103 K cm - 3 .
The Hubble constant is H o = 7.14 x 10 - 29 cm - 1 ; this is about 70 km sec - 1 Mpc - 1 in the more common units used in deference to the Doppler interpretation of the standard cosmological model .
The scattering model also assesses the absorption due to scattering in the intergalactic medium and finds a broadband absorption that results in a diminution of luminous flux by a factor of ( Z +1 ) - 1 .
The effect of this is precisely equivalent the factor attributed to time dilation of photon emissions in the Doppler interpretation of redshift .
So results are very nearly equivalent to those of the ‘ concor - dant ’ version of the standard model but without the requirement for “ acceleration ” when redshift gets much beyond unity .
But we are discussing thermalization here .
When one does solve the problem of thermalization in a redshifting medium that was introduced above , one discovers that the temperature of the radiation and the uniform average kinetic temperature of material particles from which scattering is effected may differ significantly one from the other .
It is a demonstrated fact that the microwave background radiation is at 2.725 K .
It seems manifestly obvious , no matter how loud the chatter of standard model apologists , that the rest of the universe is considerably hotter than that .
The energy density of this background radiation is 4.13 x 10 - 13 ergs per cubic centimeter .
That energy had to have come from somewhere , and it is the nature of ther - mal equilibrium that whatever the source of energy in a closed system , it will eventually redistribute itself to a common energy density .
At the outset we mentioned that the density of matter for which a 24 % - by - mass conversion to helium from a hydrogenous plasma would produce the appropriate radiation energy density is 5.49 x 10 - 31 grams per cubic centimeter .
That value is tightly snuggled between the best estimates of the univer - sal baryonic density .
So it is hardly a stretch to conclude that the background radiation may well have originated in the nucleosynthesis of helium rather than the destruction of a billion universes like our own .
Behold , gamma ray bursts !
What these bursts may signify is that perhaps there is some ongoing stationary - state resurgence of matter that had gone down the neutron - star / black - hole sinks , and like supernovas , only more so , it has erupted , producing a flux of primeval particles including a glut of neutrons to maintain that ratio .
The profiles of radiation from gamma ray bursts observed to as far as we have seen into the universe produce conditions that mimic those for which nucleosynthesis of helium is argued to have occurred following a big bang .
Suppose that the upheaval of black holes that have seemed to merely be the sinks of baryonic matter is possible .
And why would n’t that be possible if the alternative eruption of an entire universe out of a much more gigantic black hole is conceived as possible ?
Then we have the makings of a “ Steady State ” universe without requiring creation ex nihilo , as required by an expansion ; that is the legitimate reductio ad absurdum argument against the standard cosmological model as well .
Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory
At the observed baryonic mass density of the universe , the equilibrium kinetic temperature determined using the author ’s redshifted blackbody analysis would be about 2.8 x 103 K .
This is a realistic assessment of the average temperature of the bulk of the material universe that is observed all around us in planets , dust , stars and galaxies .
But these values are too low for the redshifting mechanism that the author has hypothesized in his ‘ tired light ’ accounting for the Hubble constant .
However , it is in the rich cores of galaxy clusters that the much higher average value of the product of temperature and den-sity is achieved .
Here observed temperatures are as high as 109 K and densities as high as 10 - 3 gm cm - 3 , producing the extreme redshift extended streaks in redshift surveys denomi-nated “ the fingers of god . ”
Refer to Figure 6 taken from the CFA redshift survey , in particular at azimuthal angles 16h and 13h as well as elsewhere throughout the plot .
Figure 6 : CFA redshift survey data showing the ‘ fingers of god ’
These “ fingers ” are a major rationale for dark matter in the universe .
If the velo - city dispersion associated with a Doppler interpretation of these redshift streaks is attrib - uted to the dynamics of the mass of the galaxy cluster itself , it require up to seven times the mass as that observed from the luminosity of the involved galaxies to hold the gravi-tational system together .
That and somewhat similar arguments involving rotation curves for individual galaxies are what ‘ dark matter ’ is all about .
Clearly , according to the au - thor ’s scattering model , there is no such thing .
There is no need for such a concept .
The separation of cluster cores on any line of sight is as much as ten to a hundred Mpc , i.e. , more than 1026 to 1027 cm , so that the cosmological redshift is an average of a - whole - lot - of - a - little and a - little - of - a - whole - lot .
This produces the lumpiness that also characterizes redshift surveys where slices are superimposed on each other with regard to waves of galaxy intensity at approximately 100 Mpc intervals .
See Figure 7 taken from the SDDS redshift survey for declinations between zero and six degrees .
The same basic phenomena are observed at all declinations well above the obscurations of the Milky Way .
Thus , the scattering model provides mutually consistent parameter values that col- lectively account for cosmological features .
X [ h - 1 Mpc ] à
Figure 7 : Density ripples in the SDSS redshift survey from 0 < Dec < 6
Predictions of the author ’s scattering model rely exclusively on traditional phys-ics .
The model is , therefore , conservative in its approach to accounting for cosmological redshift , redshift dependence of luminosity data , comoving number densities , microwave background radiation , light element abundances , and other phenomena .
It allows for the time required for the observed structures in the universe to have developed , and does not invoke unknown physical concepts such as inflation theories to fit vaguely anticipated deductions of a supposed early universe .
Nor does this scattering model require that the universe be comprised of predominately mysterious forms of exotic matter or obscurely defined ‘ energy ’ to account for observations in our current universe .
It does not bemoan ‘ missing matter ’ .
It seems hardly coincidental that the characteristics of the intergalactic plasma should so precisely account for such extremely diverse observations for which the standard models have required alternative inconsistent parameter values and hitherto unknown types of matter and physical concepts for their accounting .
However , that is the case .
Summary of the implications of thermalization in a redshifting medium
Since the effects of scattering discussed in this paper assume an equilibrium situ-ation of the universe at large , the theory does not accommodate evolutionary effects in the universe as a whole , although the observed galaxy and galaxy cluster level developments are certainly to be expected .
The standard models have not excelled in accounting for apparent evolutionary effects , but such developments are at least compatible with the standard cosmological model .
There are a number of observations that have suggested to many researchers that their explanations require evolutionary effects , and these must obviously be accounted for otherwise by the scattering model .
Not least of the cited phenomena are the microwave background radiation , comoving number densities of galaxies , the ‘ blueness ’ of some types of distant galaxies , light element abundance per-centages , Lyman - a forest data , etc. .
Therefore , it has been necessary for the author to provide at least cursory alternative explanations of these diverse phenomena in order for his approach to be taken seriously .
These resolutions have followed as natural concom-itants of the scattering model .
The author has operated always in the spirit of Peebles ’ suggestion that was quoted as an introduction to chapter 1 with regard to it being “ sensible and prudent that people should continue to think about alternatives to the standard model , because evidence is not all that abundant . ”
He is convinced that his scattering model has excelled in this endeavor .
Having addressed many , although by no means all , of these peripherally related phenomena , the author finds his results most gratifying .
The microwave background radiation formerly considered to have been the exclusive claim of standard models has been shown to result from an indefinitely extended universe in the state in which we observe it today .
There is actually much better agreement than previously accounted for by standard models inasmuch as the resolution ties in other pertinent data considered irrelevant by the standard model .
The explanation is actually much more complete , hav-ing relied on a more thorough analysis of blackbody equilibrium conditions applicable to a redshifting medium , which would actually refute some of the claims made for the standard model scenario .
The implied values of temperature and density to account for redshift have been shown to also be completely compatible with observed background radiation as well as with the observed variability of mass densities with redshift .
It brings into account the uniform X - ray background emanating from galaxy cluster cores .
Light element thermo-nuclear production is also in complete accord with the approach taken here .
But there is also an attractive hypothesis involving the range of parameter values observed in gamma ray bursts that suggests a recycling of compressed data from black holes that seem to ‘ bounce ’ back into this universe rather than into an alternative one as some proponents of multiverse metaphysics have intoned .
Ultimately it will be observation that will be the arbiter .
The scattering model provides more convincing explanations for a wide range of heretofore - unexplained phenomena .
Naturally , it has no problems with the ‘ too early ap - pearance of galaxies ’ ; the distribution of galaxies fits a uniform pattern once former relativistic radial redshift assumptions have been backed out of the data .
It eliminates quandaries of recent observations by the Hubble space telescope that indicate that the ages of certain stars within our own galaxy based on their metalicity may actually exceed the age of the universe predicted by many standard model versions using parameter values required to match other observations .
It resolves dilemmas that have given rise to mysterious ‘ dark matter ’ and ‘ vacuum energies ’ without necessitating these exigencies .
Importantly , the velocity dispersion of the galaxies , particularly in rich clusters , is readily accounted for as resulting from combinations of the denser plasma medium producing a more rapid redshifting through the clusters than by presuming mysterious forms of matter .
This merely involves the same redshifting mechanism that is responsible for cosmological redshift .
Rotational anomalies of individual galaxies are explained now in similar terms of increased plasma densities of spherical ‘ halos ’ interior to and extend - ing into remote regions on the spiral arms and beyond .
These halos seem to extend be - yond individual galaxies , merging into the extremely hot intracluster gases and has thereby suggested to some researchers that the inferred ‘ dark matter ’ is virtually all asso-ciated with such extended halos ( Bahcall , 1999 ) .
The observed temperatures and den-sities of this plasma gas produce a redshift rate well in excess of Ho across the extent of these clusters that mimics the attributed ‘ velocity scatter ’ .
Appeal to establishment to perform extended analyses
Analytical results reported here have been produced by the use of a couple of analytical approaches that the author believes never to have been used before .
He feels that it is important that these same analyses be applied with regard to other cosmological models to determine the legitimacy of prediction claims that have been made .
Previous research has been remiss in assuming there would be no effects without performing the appropriate analytical computations in situations where the impact has been shown to be major for any and all cosmological theories .
Basically there are three such areas that have supported the author ’s investigations :
1. Absorption effects applicable to the dispersion associated with the propagation of electromagnetic radiation through a plasma .
Absorption is the immediate consequence of light transmission through any scattering medium .
In both the standard model and the scattering model the Lyman - a forests provide examples for which analyses are required and have been performed to determine implicit absorption effects of the column density of neutral hydrogen be -tween astronomical objects and their observation .
However , there is also a significant plasma component present in the intergalactic regions through which we observe the distant cosmos , and the absorption effects of a plasma differ considerably from those of neutral substances .
These effects must be analyzed , and have been for the author ’s scattering model .
Significantly , however , it is even more essential to the standard cosmological model because in that conjecture there is a much more dense plasma hypothesized to have been present over the majority of the time period since the big bang as well as a unique transition hypothesis for which analyses must be performed .
Whether this absorption is characterized as broadband , as is the case for the scat - tering model , or absorption with unique wavelength functionality depends upon the absorption coefficient value determined for the medium as well as the redshift func - tionality appropriate to the theory .
But in any case , the analysis must be performed to determine the amount of luminosity loss that must be attributed to this absorption process .
In the standard models there is a luminosity diminution factor attributed to time dilation whose functionality is precisely that of a broadband absorption like that which has been determined to apply to the scattering model .
But if time dilation is claimed as the cause of this reduction in luminosity in the standard model , an asso - ciated assertion must be made , and confirmed , that at no phase of the scenario would there be any observable plasma absorption .
That in the propagation of electromag - netic radiation though billions of light years of intergalactic space none would be absorbed seems unlikely .
In any case , that is another conjecture that needs to be ad - dressed .
2 . A convergent diffraction effect associated with forward scattering processes through a plasma medium .
Forward scattering is involved in the imaging of objects viewed through any inter-mediate medium .
In our atmosphere at sea level photons are replaced by virtually identical forward - scattered photons at sub-centimeter intervals for light transmission at sea level .
Other than quite unrelated noncoherent scattering and absorption pro-cesses , this does not affect our ability to see ‘ objects ’ per se out to distances beyond the optical depth of the medium that is determined by these processes .
This phe -nomenon of forward scattering is certainly pertinent to cosmological observations and their interpretations .
Obviously forward scattering typically involves nothing other than mundane opti-cal physics , to little effect .
However , the intergalactic medium is hardly typical of media that have been studied in the laboratory .
In addition , those who have been the most significant contributors to forward scattering theory have specifically excluded media for which relativistic velocities of charged particles are involved .
Thus , the well - known wavelength invariance that applies to this process is not applicable to such media without investigation .
With regard to the intergalactic medium , that investigation is essential .
The author has performed such an investigation and found that the relativistic aberration and transverse Doppler effects collaborate to effect a diffraction for which conservation of energy and momentum imply a lengthening of wavelength at each ‘ extinction ’ in the forward scattering process .
However , the analyses also show that the aberration of the diffraction angle does not preclude forward scattering .
In effect , its only impact is to lengthen wavelength , which when combined with the wavelength dependence of extinction intervals , produces Doppler - like redshifts .
This physical phenomenon is not unique to the author ’s scattering model ; it is a physical effect associated with forward scattering in a plasma generally .
Its effects can be observed in the redshifting that occurs in the chromosphere at the limb of the sun .
Therefore , this effect must apply to the standard model as well .
At a minimum this must impact the ‘ dark matter ’ controversy applicable to domains for which plas-ma densities and temperatures are appreciable .
The effects of forward scattering through that medium must be addressed .
3 . The effect of redshift occurring throughout a scattering medium on the thermalization process .
It seems singularly amazing to the author that no one seems to have ever even considered the most immediate impact of redshift on the equilibrium conditions es-sential to blackbody radiation .
But that does indeed seem to be the case .
Of course standard model advocates have addressed the redshift impact sim-plistically as appropriate to two separate phases identified in that model .
The first involves plasma scattering for which the unstated assumption is that the plasma is dense enough that there is no redshift occurring between scattering events .
The second applies Wein ’s law to an assumed receding cavity wall associated with ‘ de - coupling ’ .
That is essentially the depth of the redshift - related analyses that have been performed to ‘ predict ’ the eventual state of background radiation .
But , of course that is not pre-diction , it is a post - diction .
The associated redshift of that ‘ wall ’ of last scattering as the determining factor is retrofitted to the observation .
There is a stark contrast between the oversimplification of that characterization and the complexity of the actual problem .
Also , there is a gross avoidance of the coincidence of the energy produced by the nucleosynthesis of helium from a hydrogenous plasma to establish the universal ratio that corresponds so precisely to the amount observed in microwave background radiation .
In the scattering model for which the universe is assumed to be in an essentially stationary state , there is definitely redshifting that takes place between diffuse plasma scattering events .
Thermalization involves all the absorption , re-emission , and non-coherent scattering so that essentially all the objects we see are included in the mix .
When one takes these facts into account in a redshifting environment , the kinetic temperature of the matter with which the radiation is thermalized by scattering is no longer constrained to a value directly linked to blackbody radiation as in the adiabatic expansion phase assumed by the standard model .
Nor is that constraint valid once the impact of intermediate redshifting is included in the scope of analyses .
So it is manifestly clear that cosmological model advocates who do not take these factors into account do not adequately address the implications of the models they propound .
Light Bulbs Burning Out Fast TIPS
Turn off circuit breaker to lights
Remove bulb from socket
Look at brass tab at base of socket - it will be flat or nearly flat
Use needle - nose pliers to pull tab up carefully so it's at 30 - degree angle CLICK HERE for BEST pliers
CLICK HERE to Get Tim's FREE & FUNNY Newsletter !
DEAR TIM : Four of the six bulbs in the recessed lighting in our kitchen ceiling keep burning out .
I just replaced one and it burned out in an hour .
I am using 65 - watt bulbs .
Our house is only three - years old .
Are the bulbs the wrong size ?
Is there a problem with the wiring ?
Cory Dixson , El Dorado Hills , CA
DEAR CORY :
The problem with the premature failure of the light bulbs has nothing to do with the wattage or the wiring .
My first guess is that it can be traced to the person who has installed the light bulbs or previous owners of your home .
I think they are twisting them into the socket too tightly .
The flickering of light bulbs in lamps and fixtures can also be caused by bulbs that have been installed too tightly into light fixtures .
Brass Tab
At the base of light fixture sockets you will find a brass tab .
This tab is bent at an angle when the fixtures are new and will spring back and forth if depressed slightly .
Do not ever stick your finger in the socket to test this , as you can get shocked if the power is on to the fixture .
Take several new light bulbs and inspect the base of each one .
You will quickly notice that the bottom of most light bulbs has a small droplet of solder in the center of the base .
More importantly the size of this drop of solder is not consistent from light bulb to light bulb .
It is close in size , but not always the same size or height .
Free & Fast BIDS
CLICK HERE to get FREE & FAST BIDS from local electricians who will stick their fingers down and pull up the brass tab if you 'r fearful of getting ZAPPED !
Arcing Melts Bulb Bottom
If the brass tab at the base of the socket does not make firm contact with the bottom of the light bulb , a small electrical arc , or spark , can happen that starts to melt the solder .
Over a period of time , the solder can deform and the gap between the solder and the brass tab gets larger .
In some cases , this arcing can create a hole in the base of the bulb causing air to enter the bulb .
When this happens , the filament burns out rapidly .
CLICK HERE to get FREE & FAST BIDS from local electricians who will stick their fingers down and pull up the brass tab if you 'r fearful of getting ZAPPED !
When this happens , the electrical contact between the brass tab and the solder is broken and the light bulb acts as if it has been turned off when in fact the switch is on and the bulb is still in working condition .
Pull Up The Tab
To prevent this arcing you must be sure the brass tab is always at about a 30 - degree angle inside the bottom of the socket .
People who twist bulbs in tightly will depress and flatten the tab so it does not spring back when a bulb is replaced .
Turn OFF Breaker
If you discover the tab is flattened , then you must turn off the power to the lights , and as an additional safety safety measure , turn off the circuit breaker to the lights .
Use a needle - nose pliers and carefully grasp the sides of the brass tab near the tip of the tab , not where it bends down into the underside of the socket .
Slowly pull it up so the end of the tab is about one quarter inch off the base of the socket .
When you install a bulb always do so with the power on and the light switch on .
As soon as the bulb comes on , only continue to turn the bulb one - eighth of a turn .
If you screw the bulb in too tightly , you will once again flatten the brass tab .
You need an excellent pair of needle - nose pliers for this repair .
This is a great one .
CLICK HERE to BUY it now .
Afraid of electric fires ?
CLICK HERE to get FREE & FAST BIDS from local electricians who will stick their fingers down and pull up the brass tab if you 'r fearful of getting ZAPPED !
Column EM0017
One poll does not a trend make , but Gallup has some good news for President Obama :
Its first poll on healthcare reform since Congress passed legislation late Sunday shows nearly half the American public approving .
Some 49 percent of American adults called the new law “ a good thing , ” compared with 40 percent who called it a “ bad thing . ”
Two weeks before the congressional vote , Gallup found 45 percent of Americans favored passage and 48 percent opposed .
In the latest results , Gallup sees “ a clear political victory ” for Mr. Obama and his allies in Congress .
Gallup also notes the wide disparity in partisan reactions , with 82 percent of Democrats either “ enthusiastic ” or “ pleased ” and 79 percent of Republicans either “ angry ” or “ disappointed . ”
“ Whether these groups ’ views on the issue harden or soften in the coming months could be crucial to how healthcare reform factors into this year ’s midterm elections , ” writes Lydia Saad of Gallup .
Healthcare 101 : What the bill means to you
Gary Langer , director of polling at ABC News , says the Gallup result means that a “ winner ’s bounce ” is possible , but he needs more data to know .
A poll released Tuesday by Bloomberg showed no such bounce .
The survey found 38 percent of Americans favored the healthcare overhaul versus 50 percent who opposed it .
The poll was conducted both before and after the House vote , between March 19 and 22 , though the polling firm found no meaningful movement of opinion after the bill had passed .
As always , the wording of the questions could have affected the outcome .
In the Bloomberg National Poll , conducted by Selzer & Co. , respondents were asked whether they “ favor or oppose the healthcare overhaul plan . ”
“ Anything called a ‘ massive overhaul ’ will be complicated , and it is hard for people to see what is in it for them , ” J. Ann Selzer , president of Selzer & Co. in Des Moines , Iowa , told Bloomberg News .
“ Even as Americans of all stripes agree there are problems with the current system , the escalating deficit makes them worry what the country can really afford . ”
In the Gallup question , the healthcare bill was described as one that “ restructures the nation ’s healthcare system . ”
On Thursday , Obama heads to the University of Iowa , in Iowa City , for a speech on the new healthcare law , a signal that the White House knows it still has some selling to do .
Iowa City is a heavily Democratic part of the state , and Obama used it as a regular backdrop during his presidential campaign .
His victory in the Iowa caucuses , the first nominating contest in 2008 , helped propel him to his party ’s nomination .
IN PICTURES : Tea Parties
Watch CBS News Videos Online
As a longtime media observer , I ’m beginning to see a shift in the way mainstream media are covering the medical marijuana issue .
Back in the day , these sort of talking - head segments used to feature the host in - studio with the official - looking spokesperson for prohibition getting the opening and closing questions and being allowed by the host to dominate the discussion .
The guest representing the reform position is then brought in for conflict and balance , but usually in a remote shot .
The sober and serious prohib would be given open - ended questions and allowed to speak at length to make the point .
The marginalized reformer would be given leading questions on some inane fallacy about “ legalization ” and then be forced to defend themselves against the implied frivolity of their position .
In this interview , the roles are reversed .
Chris Goldstein comes off as the sober and serious one in - studio , with the host hanging on his every word and eager to give him opportunity to advance the agenda .
The fellow from Heritage Foundation comes off as the fringe defender of an unwelcome position , with the host ’s leading questions that could almost be completed with “ tell us why you believe that nonsense ? ”
It ’s getting to the point where mainstream media organizations are having difficulty booking guests to take an anti-medical marijuana position .
Even those they find can only bring themselves to criticize the smoking of cannabis and even they are being rebutted by interviewers who are increasingly aware of vaporization , tinctures , and edibles .
This is how NORML is working to end adult marijuana prohibition – by winning the hearts and minds of the American people through honest education about cannabis and through responsible intelligent spokespeople appearing in local and national news media .
Chris Goldstein is but one of the hundreds of activists in our nationwide chapter network who are making a difference by stepping up to be the face and voice of the responsible adult cannabis consumer … wo n’t you join us ?
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
This past Saturday performance artist Marina Abramovic met her match at MoMA , where she has set up her ongoing piece titled : " The Artist is Present . "
Ready to receive her visitors for the day , she was approached by a woman donning a similar look to her own ; BombBlog reports that this guest " sat , to the bafflement of the museum staff and visitors , all day . "
Turns out this was Anya Liftig , a Brooklyn - based performance artist , and this was all part of her own piece , titled “ The Anxiety of Influence . "
This all comes on the heels of " The Other Artist is Present , " a young man 's piece in which he attempted to challenge Abramovic 's stillness with words and other antics ( he got tossed out of the museum by security ) .
Liftig noted , " I felt the previous interventions were really aggressive and presumptuous .
I wanted to operate within the piece as Marina had defined it to create something that was more ambiguous .
I wanted to meet her on her terms and leave the interpretation of my action a little more open than the others . "
From what we can tell she mainly succeeded in pissing off other patrons , who had gotten up early to get a turn sitting across from the famous artist .
[ Via The Awl ]
DETROIT -- Detroit Red Wings defenseman Niklas Kronwall saw a nerve specialist Wednesday to determine why his left knee ( sprained MCL on Nov. 21 ) is not getting better .
" He can pinpoint the spot where he feels the pain , but everything is normal , " Red Wings general manager Ken Holland said .
" Everybody is fairly frustrated .
Some things he can do that do n't bother him , then there 's some quick ( movements ) that do bother him .
" This is frustrating because we 've put him through numerous tests and he 's seen numerous doctors and they can't find anything . "
After working out in the gym Wednesday , Kronwall said it was the best he had felt in a long time .
Meanwhile , defenseman Jonathan Ericsson 's status for Thursday 's game against the Carolina Hurricanes will be determined after the morning skate .
He has been out since Dec. 14 with a bone bruise in his left knee .
The hackers who breached Google 's network last year were able to nab the source code for the company 's global password system , according to The New York Times .
The single sign - on password system , which Google referred to internally as " Gaia , " allows users to log into a constellation of services the company offers – Gmail , search , business applications and others – using one password .
The hackers , who are still unknown , were able to steal the code after gaining access to the company 's software repository , which stores the crown jewels for its search engine and other programs .
Because the hackers grabbed the software , and do not appear to have grabbed customer passwords , users are n't directly affected by the theft .
But the hackers could study the software for security vulnerabilities to devise ways to breach the system that could later affect users .
Google announced in January that it and numerous other companies had been hacked in a sophisticated attack .
The hackers had targeted source code repositories at many of the companies , including Google .
According to the Times , the theft began when an instant message was sent to a Google employee in China who was using Windows Messenger .
The message included a link to a malicious website .
Once the employee clicked on the link , the intruders were able to gain access to the employee 's computer and from there to computers used by software developers at Google ’s headquarters in California .
The intruders seemed to know the names of the Gaia software developers , according to the Times .
The intruders had access to an internal Google corporate directory known as Moma , which lists the work activities of every Google employee .
They initially tried to access the programmer 's work computers and " then used a set of sophisticated techniques to gain access to the repositories where the source code for the program was stored . "
The Times does n't elaborate on the set of sophisticated techniques the hackers used to access the source code , but in March , security firm McAfee released a white paper in relation to the Google hack that describes serious security vulnerabilities it found in software configuration management systems ( SCMs ) used by companies that were targeted in the hacks .
" [ The SCMs ] were wide open , " Dmitri Alperovitch , McAfee 's vice president for threat research told Threat Level at the time .
" No one ever thought about securing them , yet these were the crown jewels of most of these companies in many ways — much more valuable than any financial or personally identifiable data that they may have and spend so much time and effort protecting . "
Many of the companies that were attacked used the same source - code management system made by Perforce , a California - based company , according to McAfee .
The paper did n't indicate , however , whether Google used Perforce or had another system in place with vulnerabilities .
According to McAfee 's earlier report , the malicious website the hackers used in the Google hack was hosted in Taiwan .
Once the victim clicked on a link to the site , the site downloaded and executed a malicious JavaScript , with a zero - day exploit that attacked a vulnerability in the user 's Internet Explorer browser .
A binary disguised as a JPEG file then downloaded to the user 's system and opened a backdoor onto the computer and set up a connection to the attackers ' command - and - control servers , also hosted in Taiwan .
From that initial access point , the attackers obtained access to the source - code management system or burrowed deeper into the corporate network to gain a persistent hold .
According to the paper , the hackers were successful at accessing source code because many SCMs are not secured out of the box and do not maintain sufficient logs to help forensic investigators examining an attack .
" Additionally , due to the open nature of most SCM systems today , much of the source code it is built to protect can be copied and managed on the endpoint developer system , " the white paper states .
" It is quite common to have developers copy source code files to their local systems , edit them locally , and then check them back into the source code tree ....
As a result , attackers often do n't even need to target and hack the backend SCM systems ; they can simply target the individual developer systems to harvest large amounts of source code rather quickly . "
Alperovitch told Threat Level his company had seen no evidence to indicate that source code at any of the hacked companies had been altered .
25 photos comparing past snapshots of buildings , locations , structures , and people with the present day scene .
Below are some of our favorites picked out from the hundreds of photos in the Looking Into the Past Flickr group .
Sometimes , you just want to shout .
I was never inclined to give Steve Tambellini the benefit of the doubt .
When the organization that knew him best passed him up as general manager in favour of a mediocre agent , well , that said something to me .
But I 'm always happy to be proven wrong .
So far , though , I look like a genius .
What can't this guy screw up ?
What can Steve Tambellini possibly get right in this world ?
The catastrophically imbecilic Nikolai Khabibulin signing ?
The complete clusterbeep that was the Oilers ' roster from day one ?
The closest things we 've had to pleasant surprises - Ryan Potulny , Sam Gagner , and Gilbert Brule - were all Kevin Lowe moves .
Remember when we panned Kevin Lowe ?
I wake up in the middle of the night dreaming of Kevin Lowe these days .
And the latest .
Denis Grebeshkov for a second - round pick .
To the Nashville Predators , a team rocketing up the NHL standings .
It 's inconceivable that this pick will be earlier than fifty - fifth overall in the shallowest draft year for some time .
Essentially , we gave Denis Grebeshkov away .
Gave him away .
My god , have you looked at our blueline lately ?
Jason Strudwick has played a prominent role !
We 've recalled Theo Peckham and Jim Corsi 's bitch Taylor Chorney !
Any time you 're doing that , you 're in trouble .
And then we 're getting rid of the only guys who 's been healthy and anything resembling effective for damned close to nothing ?
In what universe does this any amount of sense ?
How can any thinking person condone this trade ?
Let 's remind ourselves of what Denis Grebeshkov is .
He 's a restricted free agent , which is probably going to be the excuse trotted out by the front office : oh , we were stupid enough to give Nikolai Khabibulin a terrible contract , so it made sense for us to light Denis Grebeshkov on fire .
He 's no holy hell on the blue line , with a +/- differential of 0.11 : better than average for the Oilers but not fantastic .
His shots against per sixty is 32.8 , which is Andrew Cogliano territory .
He 's not a superstar , let 's be honest .
But he 's played 47 games , which for an Oiler defenseman makes him a positive iron man .
He plays with stiffs and against better players , ranking near the top of the team in QUALCOMP and around the bottom in QUALTEAM .
This is also his worst season as an Oiler : last year , in admittedly somewhat better circumstances , he allowed only 27.3 shots per sixty .
$ 3.1 million per year was an overpay , but his restricted free agency at the end of the year was a boon in that regard : you better believe that number could come down .
But with nineteen points so far this year , Grebeshkov was one of the only Oilers defensemen with even a passing acquaintance with offense .
He is , unlike Edmonton 's other halfway - decent defensemen , young enough to be part of a good team in the future .
He 's nobody 's idea of an All - Star , but he 's all right .
There was no reason not to keep Grebeshkov !
None !
If it takes us five years to relentlessly rebuild , well , then , by god , Grebeshkov will be 30 and just on the tail - end of his prime in time to contribute to a winning team !
He presumably wo n't be that expensive and , with restricted free agency on the horizon , the Oilers hold all the cards unless somebody makes him an offer sheet ( and if somebody made him an offer sheet then we'd get a lot more than a second - rounder for our trouble ) .
If we were going to trade him , the return should bear that in mind : there are n't a lot of useful pieces on this roster but Grebeshkov was one of them .
Nope .
Late second - rounder .
Thanks , Tambellini .
Thanks a bunch .
But , hey , at least we get to watch Taylor Chorney some more .
You remember Taylor Chorney , do n't you ?
The guy who got worked like a speed bag and who inexplicably got run out onto the worst penalty kill in history with Jason Strudwick all the time ?
And Theo Peckham , who has managed the frankly remarkable feat of being the worst Oiler in shots for per sixty ( 16.5 ) and shots against per sixty ( 44.4 ) .
And the return of a late second round pick ?
Wayne Simmonds , the Midnight Meat Train himself , went 61st overall in 2007 !
It 's practically like we traded for Wayne Simmonds !
Of course , the 55 - 60 picks in 2007 were T.J. Galiardi , Akim Aliu , Mike Hoeffel , Nick Spaling , Drew Schiestel , and Ruslan Bashkirov .
In 2006 , they were Denis Bodrov , Mike Weber , Alexander Vasyunov , Codey Burki , and Jesse Joensuu .
In 2005 it got even better : Adam McQuaid , Marc - Andre Cliche , Matt Kassian , Nate Hagemo , Pier - Olivier Pelletier , and the deceptively named T.J. Fast .
When the Oilers sent out Marc - Andre Bergeron and a third - rounder for Grebeshkov , it was acclaimed as a steal of a deal .
We would be better off clicking undo on that trade and taking Marc - Andre Bergeron back .
Think about that .
Here 's the remarkable thing .
It might get worse .
You 've heard the rumours ?
We 're supposed to be giving up Sheldon Souray for a package centred around Wade Redden .
Or Lubomir Visnovsky for Brad Marchand and a draft pick .
There 's a very real possibility that , by this time next week , Jason Strudwick will be our third - best defenseman .
I mean actually our third best defenseman , not just Pat Quinn thinking he 's our third - best defenseman .
This is n't a rebuild .
This is a fire sale .
The way Steve Tambellini is going , the 2010 - 11 Edmonton Oilers could be the worst team in NHL history .
Kratos wants to do one thing : kill Zeus .
It 's the only goal that the " Ghost of Sparta " has in the entirety of God of War 3 , and everything from the epic beginning moments to the final credits serves to make that happen .
If you have n't played the first two games and you have a PlayStation 3 , it 's worth your time to pick them up and get up to speed on how our " hero " became what he is today .
Also , do n't skip on the PSP adventure Chains of Olympus .
You can't respect how something ends before you know how it began .
God of War 3 is the first game in the series built from the ground up for the PlayStation 3 , and the team behind the title spared no detail ; the game feels like it has been painted on your screen .
Even the flashback sequences , using more traditional animation and a hyper - stylized look , add much to the game .
It 's a clever way of showing what came before without dealing with the graphics of the past .
This is one of the most anticipated titles in the history of the PlayStation 3 .
We 've beaten it , and have had some time to think it over .
Does the game live up to the hype ?
Title God of War 3 Developer Santa Monica Studio Publisher Sony Price $ 59.99 Shop.ars Platform PlayStation 3
The gameplay
God of War is a third - person action game with some light platforming ; you view the action through a fixed camera .
Not being able to adjust the view may continue to rub some gamers the wrong way , but it allows the director to set up the action in a way that would n't be possible with a player - controlled camera , and some puzzles and secrets depend on you looking in a certain direction at a certain time .
The weapons will also be familiar to fans of the previous games , although the specifics are new .
Your blades slice and fly through the air , cutting down enemies as you collect the red orbs they drop to power up your attacks .
You can chain attacks together into epic combos , which is the heart of the God of War series .
Combat is a flowing , balletic dance of blood and destruction .
Weaken enemies enough , and you can grab them and end their lives with a few predetermined button presses in a quick - time event .
These finishing moves are always over the top and violent : expect to see heads ripped off , entrails spilled , and creatures killed with things that used to be attached to them .
Describing the game mechanics in these dry terms does n't do much to communicate how playing this game feels .
Kratos does n't care about anything except exterminating the gods .
Innocents are introduced in the game as nothing more than obstacles for you to do with what you will .
Ignore them ?
Slaughter them ?
It 's utterly meaningless .
We 're supposed to be on the side of Kratos , but rarely has gaming dealt with a hero so thoroughly dead inside .
At one point Kratos " rescues " a topless maiden , and rather brutally uses her to advance to the next section of the game .
It 's not that he does it , or how he does it , that 's important : it 's that there is absolutely no empathy or mercy left in his heart .
This is as hard as M-ratings get
The game is rated Mature , meaning it 's aimed at gamers above the age of 17 , and the back of the box lists the expected warnings about nudity and graphic violence .
Still , those are just words on the back of a box on a store shelf .
Sure , the game is violent , but how bad can it be ?
If violence makes you queasy , or if you 're a parent , be advised : this game is out there .
The camera does n't blink when Kratos does his terrible things , and early in the game you 'll watch a brutal beating in first person , getting a feel for what it 's like to be bashed to death by someone 's bare hands .
The sequence ends ... well , you know if you read our previous coverage .
If you 're trying to avoid spoilers , I 'll leave it out of the review .
In another scene Kratos simply slams a new weapon into someone 's head until it ( the head , that is ) looks like raw hamburger .
The scene is simple , almost matter - of - fact : you 're just watching someone get murdered .
This is one of the rare games with sequences where I was tempted to turn away .
In other scenes , the game does a good job of having the player act out the process of slicing limbs off characters or forcibly removing their heads , leaving bloody stumps and viscera pooling on the ground .
You 're not just watching this ; you 're taking part in it .
The new quick - time event system that puts the button prompt on the side of the screen makes it easier to follow the action ... but you may not want to .
And this is n't even discussing the sexual content .
We 've passed the point where naked breasts in a game are shocking .
God of War 3 does n't shy away from nudity , and the sexual minigame included in this title ... well , it goes a little further than we 're used to from the past two games .
There are M ratings , and then there are M ratings .
Even if you let your children play other Mature - rated games , this may be one you want to sit down and play with them , or wait a few years .
I talked with some friends about the level of violence in the game , and they agreed that the only issue here is that video gaming is a visual medium .
The mythology of every culture is filled with violence and sex — you do n't have to look past the Bible or Greek myth to find some pretty scary stuff .
But in God of War , you are n't reading about these things , you 're seeing them .
In fact , the game goes out of its way to make it feel like you are doing them to your victims .
The goal of all this violence ?
It 's not " saving the world for democracy " or rescuing a fair maiden or a lost child ; it 's sheer vengeful nihilism .
While this attitude fits the setting and is there to tell a very specific story , it will turn off some gamers .
Let that be a warning ... or possibly an invitation .
What is the Maximum Coverage ?
$ 25,000 or less $ 26,000 to $ 50,000 $ 51,000 to $ 75,000 $ 76,000 to $ 100,000 $ 101,000 to $ 499,000 $ 500,000 to $ 999,000 $ 1,000,000 to $ 1,999,000 $ 2,000,000 to $ 7,999,000 $ 8,000,000 or more
$ 0 to $ 50,000 $ 50,001 to $ 100,000 $ 100,001 to $ 300,000 $ 300,001 to $ 500,000 $ 500,001 to $ 7,000,000 Unlimited
$ 100,001 to $ 200,000 $ 200,001 to $ 300,000 $ 300,001 to $ 500,000 $ 500,001 to $ 1000,000
$ 25,000 or less $ 26,000 to $ 50,000 $ 51,000 to $ 75,000 $ 76,000 to $ 100,000 $ 101,000 to $ 499,000 $ 500,000 to $ 999,000 $ 1,000,000 to $ 1,999,000 $ 2,000,000 to $ 7,999,000 $ 8,000,000 or more
1 Introduction
This article explores the subject of sexual rights and the claims about such rights as they are made by and for men .
It considers the different bases of these claims , which range from some men ’s experience of sexual oppression to other men ’s experience of their gender socialisation .
The article highlights the issues of power and privilege , which often lie hidden within such claims and calls for a discourse of ‘ men and sexual rights ’ that can take account of both gender norms and sexual hierarchies .
Central to this call is a conception of accountability that is at once personal and political ; the political accountability of duty - bearers to promote and protect the sexual rights of all rights - holders , men and women ; and the personal accountability of men in relation to the ways in which their gender privilege serves to deny the sexual rights of others .
My understanding of these issues springs from my work over the last 20 years on HIV / AIDS , gender and violence , mostly as an independent consultant working with non-profit organisations to support their work in the global South and as an activist working on issues of masculinity , violence and social justice in the USA .
2 Male responsibilities ?
Sexual rights are a fundamental element of human rights .
They encompass the right to experience a pleasurable sexuality , which is essential in and of itself and , at the same time , is a fundamental vehicle of communication and love between people .
Sexual rights include the right to liberty and autonomy in the responsible exercise of sexuality .
( HERA 1999 )
The struggle to include sex and sexuality within the language and instruments of international human rights agreements continues to this day .
Notwithstanding the universality that is , by definition , central to these agreements , the practical struggle for sexual rights has been largely fought on the terrain of gender equality .
This has been a struggle for women ’s sexual rights in the face of the gender and sexual oppression that men perpetrate against women .
The short history of this struggle begins at the 1993 Vienna Human Rights Conference where , for the first time in the international arena , attention is given to women as subjects of human rights and women ’s bodies as the objects of human rights violations .
This work lays important foundations for the subsequent discourses of reproductive and sexual rights that are developed at the landmark Cairo and Beijing conferences in 1994 and 1995 , respectively .
Not only do the declarations produced at Cairo and Beijing characterise sexual rights in terms of women ’s control over their sexual lives ; women ’s rights are counter - posed with men ’s sexual responsibilities to respect these rights .
Given this gender analysis , what can men ’s relationship be to sexual rights claims whose goal is to radically change social and sexual arrangements of power from which they benefit ?
After all , as Connell ( 1995 ) has noted : ‘ A gender order where men dominate , women cannot avoid constituting men as an interest group concerned with defence , and women as an interest group concerned with change ’ .
What sense can it make to talk of “ men ” as some kind of singular , internally coherent category when what the extremely heterogeneous group called “ men ” fundamentally share in common is Connell ’s ‘ patriarchal dividend ’ , the privilege that comes with simply being male ?
For , notwithstanding three or more decades of feminist struggle and women ’s movements , and all the gains that have been made in gender equality , it remains in so many ways a “ man ’s world ” .
Given this , what can men ’s interest be in the social and sexual revolution being proposed by advocates for sexual rights ?
3 The sexual oppression of ( some ) men
The first answer to this question is to bring a more complex , and less heterosexist , gender analysis to bear on the issue of men ’s sexual rights and to recognise that some men ’s sexual rights have long been violated .
Those men who “ betray ” their gender through their “ feminine ” representation and / or sexual relations with other men are especially vulnerable to such violation .
This violence is used to ‘ police ’ the gender boundary between men and women and the heterosexual order that mandates sexual relations between genders and proscribes sex within genders .
By punishing those who are seen as breaking the gender “ rules ” of how a man is supposed to be and behave , such violence is a warning to all men about obeying these “ rules ” .
Research on groups of men who have sex with men ( MSM ) in Cambodia has found that violence is common , especially for those men with a feminine gender presentation ( sray sros , who would be termed “ transgender ” in countries of the economic North ) :
Many “ sray sros ” experience discrimination in the form of verbal abuse , harassment , physical violence such as blows , kicks , sex under compulsion , and occasional cases of rape .
As a result , they tend to hide their sexual orientation and practices , making it difficult to reach and educate them .
( KHANA 2003 )
The consequence of such violence , as the quote above makes clear , is that these men are driven “ underground ” , away from the services and information that they need about sexual health and into hurried and secretive sexual behaviour that makes safer sex , not to mention loving relationships , much more difficult .
The violence that targets such men is communal and institutional , as well as interpersonal .
Men who have sex with other men suffer much of their violence at the hands of the police and other men in positions of authority .
Human Rights Groups , such as Amnesty International , have received many allegations of torture and ill - treatment in detention , which indicate the risk is high in police stations , particularly during the initial period of detention .
Research conducted by Human Rights Watch in Bangladesh found that such violence at the hands of police and mastans ( hired thugs used by political parties ) was common :
Numerous men who have sex with men who spoke with Human Rights Watch reported being raped , gang - raped , and beaten frequently by police and mastans …
Men who have sex with men also reported that they were regularly subjected to extortion by both police and mastans …
Men who engaged in sex work reported that police and mastans also extorted money from their clients .
This extortion from clients can place the men selling sex in danger as well .
( Human Rights Watch 2003 )
Many countries maintain laws that prohibit or regulate sexual activity between consenting adults of the same sex .
These are often called sodomy laws , which are still in existence in at least 70 states worldwide .
Such laws range from regulation of specific sexual acts ( for example anal sex ) to broad injunctions against “ anti- social ” or “ immoral ” behaviour .
Whatever their exact content , such laws are used by the police to arrest and harass gay men , lesbians , bisexuals , and transgender persons and constitute a grave violation of human rights , including the rights to privacy , to freedom from discrimination , and of expression and association .
The violence of state laws and institutions is reinforced by violence at community level , ranging from discrimination to assault by peers , colleagues and family members .
Those people who challenge norms of gender and sexuality through their sexual desires and practices and / or their gender “ presentation ” face some of the most severe forms of social stigma and disapproval .
It is important to broaden our gender analysis , such that the violence experienced by ‘ queer ’ men can be properly understood as being based in gender .
The violence that they suffer is based on their positioning within a gender order premised on the male supremacist logic that social relations are fundamentally hierarchical .
This order insists not only on male–female hierarchies but also on hierarchies between men based on their gender status , that is the degree to which they conform to prevailing norms of masculinity and heterosexuality .
Violence maintains the hierarchy by keeping the men ‘ who are not men enough ’ in their place .
4 Men ’s experience of sexual violence
But what about the men who appear to be , or strive to be , ‘ man enough ’ ?
What can be said of their sexual rights ?
Perhaps the most basic demand of advocates for sexual rights is that people be free to live their sexual lives without coercion .
But men ’s experience of coercion in their sexual lives , irrespective of their sexual orientation or identity , often goes unmarked .
On the basis of interviews with over 8,000 men aged 18 or older , the US government ’s National Violence Against Women Survey estimated that 92,748 men were raped in 1995 , in addition to the 302,091 women who were raped that year ( Tjaden and Thoennes 2006 ) .
This figure must be considered an underestimate as men in penal institutions were not included in the survey and from other data , it is known that the prevalence of male rape in prison is significant , at least in the US context .
Background information in the US Prison Rape Elimination
Act , signed into law by President Bush in 2003 , estimated that at least 13 per cent of US inmates had been sexually assaulted in prison .
In its global overview of men ’s experience of rape , WHO makes clear that :
Unfortunately , there are few reliable statistics on the number of boys and men raped in settings such as schools , prisons and refugee camps .
Most experts believe that official statistics vastly under - represent the number of male rape victims .
The evidence available suggests that males may be even less likely than female victims to report an assault to the authorities .
( WHO 2002 )
In addition to adult men ’s experience of sexual violence , boys ’ experience of child sexual abuse is only now beginning to receive the attention it deserves .
Research in Peru found that among young men reporting a heterosexual experience , 11 per cent reported a non-consensual experience at first sex .
A study of adolescents in Kenya reports that 4 per cent of boys were forced into first sex and a further 6 per cent were “ persuaded ” to engage in sex against their will ( Jejeebhoy and Bott 2005 ) .
A review of studies from 20 countries , including ten national representative surveys , showed rates of childhood sexual abuse of 3 – 29 per cent for boys ( compared with 7 – 36 per cent for girls ) , with most studies reporting up to three times more sexual violence against girls than boys .
In all countries , the offenders were overwhelmingly male when the victim was female ( above 90 per cent ) , while studies varied on the sex of the offender when the victim was male ( Finkelhor 1994 ) .
5 Sexuality and masculinity
As the definition of sexual rights presented at the beginning of this article makes clear , such rights are concerned with more than freedom from sexual coercion and violence .
They are about the freedom to live our sexual lives with joy , dignity and autonomy .
The denial of women ’s ability to enjoy this freedom is usually attributed to unequal gender relations between women and men .
In other words , it is men ’s patriarchal power that denies women their sexual rights .
But where does this position men and their rights to live their sexual lives with joy , dignity and autonomy , especially those men who conform to prevailing norms of masculinity and heterosexuality ?
Aside from specific experiences of sexual violence , is there anything that is denying these men their sexual rights ?
A simplistic view of patriarchal privilege would suggest that the straightforward answer is ‘ no ’ .
But recent developments in studies of men and masculinities are offering more nuanced accounts of how men with gender privilege come into and experience their sexuality .
These accounts are bringing men back into gender , away from the abstraction of “ Patriarchal Man ” , and looking at the lived experience of real , as in actual , men .
Such accounts are making clear that men ’s relationship to the gender socialisation they receive and the gender order in which they live is both diverse and complex , complicit and contested .
Sexuality is central to this relationship .
Looking at the ways in which masculinity and sexuality express each other in men ’s lives makes it possible to see more clearly the issues of sexual rights for men who conform to prevailing norms of masculinity and heterosexuality , and who observe the rules of the gender order .
Heteronormative masculinity has been linked with a number of constraints on men ’s ability to experience joy , dignity , autonomy and safety in their sexual lives .
These constraints include the equating of masculinity with risk - taking , which can lead men into sexual behaviour that puts at risk their sexual health .
This is linked to the pressure on men to use sex to demonstrate their masculinity .
The prevailing discourse on men , masculinity and HIV / AIDS has identified men ’s need to prove sexual potency as a key reason for their seeking of multiple sexual partners and their desire to stay in control in their sexual relations with women .
The encouragement of risk and the pressure to prove sexual potency have also been linked to the sense of invulnerability promoted by heteronormative masculinity , associated with men in many societies being socialised to be self - reliant , not to show their emotions , and not to seek assistance in times of need or stress .
Paradoxically , this can increase men ’s vulnerability to sexual ill - health by encouraging the denial of risk and constraining men from exercising their sexual rights in a way that is protective of one of their most fundamental rights – the right to health .
The constraints of heteronormative masculinity are also evident in the feelings of sexual anxiety reported by young and adult men .
A common finding across different sexual cultures is the anxiety young men report about becoming sexual in a context in which they are supposed to be knowledgeable and in control , but often feel neither .
When asked about their concerns related to sex , both young and adult men often report being anxious about issues related to sexual performance , such as potency and penis size , at the same time as feeling unable to ask for help in dealing with these issues for fear of not being “ manly ” enough .
These observations and findings on the ways in which heteronormative masculinity can constrain men in the exercise of their sexual rights have become commonplace in the burgeoning literature on men , masculinity and sexual health .
My own work with men on gender , sexuality and HIV / AIDS in Zambia and South Africa , as well as my activism in the USA , bears out the central contention of this literature ; namely , that if we want to engage men in work for gender equality ( and thus the defence of women ’s sexual rights ) it is critical to address the ways in which heteronormative gender constructions harm men ( and may compromise their sexual rights ) .
But my experience also suggests that the harms of men ’s gender socialisation , especially with regard to sex , are inseparable from the privileges of men ’s positioning within a patriarchal gender order .
With this acknowledgement must come a willingness to be open to other readings of the connections between masculinity and sexuality .
At the very least , it is useful to ask questions about the notion of risk in settings where men understand their sexuality to be a biological drive and natural necessity , which might preclude them from a sense of ‘ taking a risk ’ .
Similarly , demonstrations of potency and virility may be as much about maintaining gender power as they are about demonstrating a gender identity , while men ’s sexual anxiety must be placed in the context of their expectation of and sense of entitlement to being in sexual control .
6 Conclusion
When we consider men ’s sexual rights in relation to the impact of male gender socialisation on sexuality , we must also consider the privileges that accrue to men who conform to prevailing norms of masculinity and heterosexuality .
This is not simply about balancing men ’s sexual rights with their responsibilities .
More fundamentally , it is about asking questions about autonomy and accountability , about what it means to recognise the gender constructs that shape men ’s sexual attitudes and behaviours at the same time as holding men accountable for the choices and decisions that they do make within their sexual lives .
If we are to avoid the trap of a gender essentialism , in which men are simply made by masculinity , it is imperative to be clear about the agency that men have , and that different men make very different choices about their sexual rights and the sexual rights of others .
At the same time , it is important to refuse the abstraction of gender and sexuality from history and to recognise that the sexual lives of both women and men are now caught between the forces of social conservatism and religious fundamentalism on the one hand and , on the other , the pressures of commodification within sexual cultures under capitalism .
Sexual pleasure , liberty and autonomy are too often crushed between this rock and a hard place .
The discourse of sexual rights is a powerful tool for women and men , of all genders and sexual identities , to deal with these pressures and forces .
But it is a tool that people have different power to use .
Men , especially men with the privilege that comes with conforming to norms of masculinity and heterosexuality , have a particular role to play in the social and sexual revolution that will secure sexual rights not simply for themselves but for all .
References
Connell , R.W. ( 1995 ) Masculinities , Cambridge : Polity
Finkelhor D. ( 1994 ) ‘ The International Epidemiology of Child Sexual Abuse ’ , Child Abuse and Neglect , 18 : 409–17
Health , Empowerment , Rights and Accountability ( HERA ) ( 1999 ) ‘ Sexual Rights ’ , in Women ’s Sexual and Reproductive Rights and Health : Action Sheets , New York : HERA
Human Rights Watch ( 2003 ) Ravaging the Vulnerable : Abuses Against Persons at High Risk of HIV Infection in Bangladesh 15.6 ( C ) , New York : Human Rights Watch
Jejeebhoy , S.J. and Bott , S. ( 2005 ) ‘ Non-Consensual Sexual Experiences of Young People in Developing Countries : An Overview ’ , in Shireen J. Jejeebhoy , Iqbal Shah and Shyam Thapa ( eds ) , Sex Without Consent : Young People in Developing Countries , London and New York : Zed Books
KHANA ( 2003 )
Out of the Shadows : Male - to - male Sexual Behaviour in Cambodia , Phnom Penh : International HIV / AIDS Alliance
Tjaden , P. and Thoennes , N. ( 2006 ) Extent , Nature , and Consequences of Rape Victimization : Findings From the National Violence Against Women Survey , Washington , DC : National Institute of Justice
WHO ( 2002 ) World Report on Violence and Health , Geneva : World Health Organization
From the city that has banned cars from broad swaths of Broadway and put picnic tables in Times Square , here comes another great reshaping of New York ’s streetscape .
The Bloomberg administration is moving ahead with what amounts to a radical , river - to - river reimagining of another major corridor : 34th Street , the Midtown thoroughfare that is home to Macy ’s — and some of the city ’s most congested traffic .
Automobiles would be banned on the block between Fifth Avenue and Avenue of the Americas , creating a pedestrian plaza bookended by Herald Square and the Empire State Building .
The result would be a street effectively split in two .
On the west side of the pedestrian plaza , all car traffic would flow west , toward the Hudson River .
On the east side , all car traffic would move east , toward the East River .
Buses would still operate in both directions , and through the pedestrian plaza as well , but in dedicated lanes separated from passenger cars by a concrete barrier .
Today in History : Born on September 30
1861 William Wrigley , Jr. , founder of the Wrigley chewing gum empire and owner of the Chicago Cubs baseball team .
1863 Reinhard von Scheer , German admiral who commanded the German fleet at the Battle of Jutland .
1908 David Oistrakh , violinist .
1924 Truman Capote , author and playwright whose works include Breakfast at Tiffany 's and In Cold Blood .
1927 W.S. Merwin , Pulitzer Prize - winning poet .
1928 Elie Wiesel , Holocaust survivor , writer , best known for his first book Night about his own experiences in concentration camps .
1935 Johnny Mathis , singer .
1941 Samuel F. Pickering Jr. , unconventional professor of English at the University of Connecticut in Storrs who was the inspiration for the character of Mr. Keating in the movie Dead Poets Society .
1955 Andy Bechtolsheim , engineer ; co-founder of Sun Microsystems .
1958 Marty Stuart , singer , songwriter , musician ( " Hillbilly Rock " ) ; joined the renowned Lester Flatt 's Nashville Grass bluegrass group at age 14 ; at this writing he hosts The Marty Stuart Show on RFD - TV .
Hunters were combing the snowy brush around Chignik Lake , Alaska , on Friday in an attempt to hunt down up to four wolves that killed a 32 - year - old special education teacher in the first known fatal wolf attack in the U.S. in modern times .
But the wolves were elusive , and villagers were hoping that state game officials would send in a helicopter to help track the animals , Village Council President Johnny Lind said .
“ They ’ve been looking and scouting around , and the wolves are definitely still around , but they ’re smart , and they take off before you can get close to them , ” Lind said .
Candice Berner , a special education teacher who traveled among several rural schools on the Alaska Peninsula , 475 miles southwest of Anchorage , was attacked while jogging and listening to her iPod Monday evening on the deserted , 3 - mile - long road that leads out from the village to its small airstrip .
A native of Slippery Rock , Pa. , she had been working in Alaska only since August .
Her body was found by snowmobilers a short time after the attack .
It had been dragged off the road and partially eaten , and was surrounded by wolf prints .
“ Our investigation points to wolves being the most likely culprit .
It is the only predatory animal that is active in the area that we ’re aware of , and we also believe the wolves have been increasingly threatening to people in the area , ” said Megan Peters , spokeswoman for the Alaska State Troopers .
“ They ’ve been getting too close , circling , making people fearful for their safety . ”
Christi Aleck , another resident of the village , said that while there are always wolves in the area , three to four have been lingering unusually close over the past week or so and have been sighted again since the attack .
“ They come in at nighttime , not very far from the village , and they ’re just kind of watching , ” she said .
“ They ’re waiting for somebody else to go out again , I guess . ”
She said villagers are driving their children to school and keeping them indoors during recess .
“ People are scared .
Oh yeah , they ’re scared , ” she said .
“ Nobody ’s walking around anywhere .
I mean , wolves have always hung around in the wintertime , but they ’ve never attacked anyone . ”
The only known previous fatal wolf attack in North America over the last 100 years occurred in 2005 , when a young geology student was attacked and partially eaten by a pack of wolves in northern Saskatchewan .
In at least two other cases , there were attacks -- in Alaska and again in Saskatchewan -- that were halted by rescuers before they became fatal .
“ What the research shows is that in the last 10 or 20 years , as wolves have kind of re-colonized areas where they were extirpated around the turn of the 20th century , and as people have also developed more habits of going out into national parks and wilderness areas , we ’ve had more aggressive encounters , ” said Mark McNay , a retired Alaskan wildlife biologist who has studied wolf attacks .
Wildlife attacks in Alaska are relatively common .
“ Certainly we have bear maulings , we have people bitten by wolves , we have people that are stomped by moose , ” Peters said .
“ Having an incident where a human and animal cross paths and it does n’t end well , that ’s normal .
But we do n’t have any other case on hand that we ’re aware of where someone was actually killed by a wolf . ”
Peters said state troopers had ruled out the possibility that Berner had died from any other cause and was later dragged away by wolves .
kim.murphy@latimes.com
A SUBTLY disquieting photograph greets visitors to the website of the northern Italian diocese of Bozen - Brixen .
The dark recesses of a sunken passageway end in a flight of steps leading to daylight .
A click leads to an e-mail address for reporting sexual or physical abuse by priests .
The first person to use it spoke anonymously to the newspaper Corriere della Sera .
As a wartime evacuee , he recalled how a village curate “ felt my trousers , tried to kiss me and asked me to caress him ” .
His younger brother told him the priest was still molesting boys 13 years later .
The web initiative has recently been praised as an exercise in openness and may be extended to other parts of Italy .
Yet the e-mail address had long been on the site , and came to prominence only amid the mushrooming worldwide scandal involving hundreds of people molested by priests or in church - run institutions .
The scandal is more widespread than the one that swept through the United States in recent years , costing the church up to $ 2 billion in compensation payments .
In recent weeks at least 350 victims have come forward in the Netherlands , along with around 300 more in Germany and Austria .
In Brazil a priest and two monsignors have just been suspended from their church duties following allegations of involvement in the making of a sex video involving a youth .
Most of the cases date back to a time when the church was less aware of the terrible harm caused by sexual abuse ( see article ) and before it had introduced stricter controls .
But many old scandals touch clergy alive today .
Some are now in positions of great responsibility .
One is the primate of Ireland , Cardinal Sean Brady , who admits taking part in a grotesque inquiry in 1975 when two children , reportedly aged 10 and 14 , were made to swear secrecy about their ordeal .
Their abuser , though inculpated by the church , was never reported to the police .
Even worse for the church are two issues that may directly involve Pope Benedict XVI himself .
One is that in 2001 , when he was still Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger , he signed an ill - phrased document that appears to order that child - abuse cases be dealt with in secret .
Catholic leaders say it refers only to canon - law procedures and does not preclude criminal charges .
Secondly , while archbishop of Munich from 1977 to 1982 , his diocese accepted a paedophile cleric who was supposedly intended to undergo therapy .
But the priest ( who for legal reasons may not be identified in media that can be read in Germany ) was assigned to a parish where he taught at a school and abused at least one more child .
The pontiff 's then deputy has taken the blame for the decision and says the future pope knew nothing about it .
After being convicted in 1986 , the Bavarian priest was banned from working with children but not unfrocked .
Two years ago he was sent to yet another parish where by last summer he was saying mass at a camp site for young people .
It was only on March 15th , three days after the archdiocese released details of his case , that he was suspended for breaking the ban .
His boss , the parish priest in Bad Tölz , in deeply Catholic rural Bavaria , said he had never been told of the offending cleric 's past .
The previous day brought dramatic scenes at the parish church , as members of the congregation barracked a replacement priest taking the mass .
Some walked out .
The pope 's response to this and other cases is attracting criticism , including from prominent laymen such as Wolfgang Thierse , a former Social Democrat president of Germany 's lower house of parliament , the Bundestag .
He said : “ The church needs to be more honest and stricter with itself , and that naturally includes the pope . ”
One lay organisation has even called on Pope Benedict to resign .
Germany 's chancellor , Angela Merkel , demanded “ truth and clarity about everything that has happened ” .
The head of the German Bishops ' Conference , Archbishop Robert Zollitsch , said after briefing him on March 12th that the pope had listened with “ great shock , keen interest and deep sadness ” .
But in some eyes , that is not enough , for a man who before his election as supreme pontiff implied that he wanted to sweep out the “ filth ” from the church .
A Catholic lay movement noted sharply that he did not send a message of sympathy to the latest victims .
That stokes suspicions that the Vatican still puts its own prestige and secrecy above solace for the abused .
Indeed , the pope 's main pronouncement on the affair has been on a different front : to reject , apparently out of hand , a suggested reform that some feel would deal with the roots of the problem .
The cardinal archbishop of Vienna , Christoph Schönborn , first advanced , then hastily disowned , a proposal for reconsidering priestly celibacy .
This is obligatory for priests of the main Roman church ( but not for former Anglican clerics , or for most of the priests in Eastern - rite churches that also come under papal authority ) .
The pope declared that celibacy was not to be sacrificed for “ passing cultural fashions ” .
Comments by his officials have shown little appreciation of the scope and depth of the crisis .
No working group or individual is fully in charge of clearing up the mess .
Nor has any systematic explanation been forthcoming of the ( numerous but piecemeal ) steps already taken , ranging from compensation for victims to new rules on child protection .
Instead the papal spokesman has hinted at an anti-Catholic plot and complained that the church is being unfairly treated because paedophiles are at least as common in other walks of life .
That sits oddly with the Church 's claim to represent God on earth and with the trust and respect it expects from the faithful , particularly from children ( exemplified in the priestly title , “ Father ” ) .
Much hope now rests on a pastoral letter that the pope is preparing for Catholics in Ireland .
Speaking to pilgrims on March 17th , he said he hoped it would help “ repentance , healing and renewal ” of a “ severely shaken ” church .
A second test concerns Cardinal Brady .
He said on March 15th that when he helped to silence a sex offender 's victims , he was “ doing what I was required to do . ”
That sounds a bit like the notoriously flimsy defence of “ only obeying orders ” which goes down especially badly with Germans .
Removing the Irish primate , who has said he will only go if the pope requests it , could signal that the era of cover - ups is finally over .
Planning to go to Comic - Con International , but could n’t get a hotel room during the reservation lottery ?
There ’s no magic bullet or secret code , but here are some things you can do to find a place to stay during the con :
ADDED : Call customer service if you placed a request but have n’t heard back from them .
There may have been a problem with the email ( at their end , at your ISP , or anywhere in between ) , or there may have been an issue with the reservation that prevented them from processing it or sending the confirmation .
But do it soon , so you do n’t miss the deadline to secure it with a deposit .
Some rooms may open up when the deposit deadline passes .
Maybe .
This is probably only an option if you submitted a reservation request but did n’t get a room , and it assumes that ( a ) not everyone will manage to make a deposit in time and ( b ) Travel Planners will move on to the wait list with the rooms that free up .
I would n’t rely on this one .
Book directly , but be prepared to spend more .
And be prepared to try a lot of hotels before you find one with available rooms , or else go through a travel site like Expedia , Travelocity , Priceline or Hotwire .
Look into short - term condo rentals .
Hotels are n’t the only way to rent a room .
You could make your trip into a week - long vacation !
Find roommates to share the cost of that directly - booked room .
Or find roommates who already have a room .
A lot of the downtown hotels actually have suites , so you might even have some privacy .
( One thing to watch out for , though : hotels will often charge more for extra people . )
If you do n’t personally know anyone to share a room with , try asking in your online communities .
Stay with friends or relatives in the area .
Obviously not an option for everyone , but again , you can check with online friends .
Stay farther out and commute .
If all you need is a place to sleep and shower , you do n’t have to stay downtown .
Mission Valley and Old Town have trolley service straight to the con , and you can get a 4 - day trolley pass for $ 15 .
Try again after cancellation deadlines hit .
Some rooms will open up after the last day for a full refund , and more open up after the last day for a partial refund .
Check the convention website for this year ’s dates and how to get in for the resale .
Good luck !
Once you ’ve got your lodging situation settled , check out the rest of my Tips for Comic - Con .
See Also : Convention Photos & Write - Ups
Pater Eberhard von Gemmingen Jesuit zieht NS - Vergleich im Missbrauchsskandal
Im Skandal um die Missbrauchsfälle an Jesuitenschulen hat Pater Eberhard von Gemmingen eine gefährliche Analogie bemüht : Der frühere Leiter der deutschsprachigen Redaktion von Radio Vatikan verglich die Situation des Ordens mit der von Juden zur NS - Zeit - und ging noch weiter .
Came back to show the hubby your gallery .
This is really good .
You 're so young and have such talent -- ca n't wait to see what you do with it as you get even better .
I 'd like to try to get you more exposure by giving a heads up for you on my page -- that ok ?
Showcase a couple of people that are n't getting enough attention yet .
Just happened about half - hour ago : downstairs at the Sheraton ..
A game of Settlers was about to be played , but was switched to Citadels instead .
The reason ?( paraphrased ) " Settlers [ of Catan ] is far too mainstream .
" There 's much more you all have heard so far , so let 's hear them !
Posted October 1 , 2020 at 12:01 am
WELCOME TO HALLOWEEN MONTH ( sometimes referred to as " October " ) !
There 's a new donation reward ( an image that was requested of me earlier in September ) .
Any donation of $ 10 in October will get a 3 " fridge magnet sent to them .
As there may be little to no trick or treating this year , I 'm considering some sort of Misfile related costume contest , but I have n't decided on anything yet .
HELL HIGH BOOK THREE is NOW AVAILABLE on AMAZON !
You can order it HERE ( Misfile - Hell High Book 3 )
Commissions are back open again and I 'm resuming work on " The House With Claws " TODAY !
My last game " The eternal Placement Test " is now available via Itch.io for $ 5 .
You can get it here :
https://hazelton.itch.io/eternal-placement-test
I also have many books and movies available on Amazon here :
Misfile Stuff on Amazon
Hell High book 1
Misfile Film / TV Pilot
Lastly , Check out Misfile 's Patreon page : https://www.patreon.com/misfile
Plus Paypal donations of $ 10 or more still get you a free fridge magnet every month !
How to use price list ?
It is always good to know SMS price in a country where you want to send SMS campaign to .
Gretor SMS pricing gives you a total overview of how much SMS cost for every sender ID type and operator in every country we operate .
Additionally , you can see whether the specific sender ID type allows you to have two - way communication with your customers , whether you need to register a specific sender type first and what the costs are .
It also lets you calculate how much you will pay for your upcoming SMS campaign and SMS notifications , and shows you bonus offers that you can reach .
How to use price calculator ?
Price calculator helps you see how many SMS messages you will be able to send after you enter the amount you want to invest , or how much you need to invest after you enter how many SMS messages you want to send .
Price calculator can also suggest bonus offers based on different top - up amount levels , so you spend less money on your campaigns .
To use the price calculator :
[ 0001 ]
The invention relates to programming languages and in particular to an operator within a language that evaluates to “ True ” when two operands point to different locations in memory .
[ 0014 ]
Such a language construction is ungrammatical , requires more typing and violates the philosophy on which BASIC rests .
It would be helpful therefore , if a single more intuitive operator could perform the function that the combination of the two operators Is and Not typically performs .
[ 0013 ]
Similarly , ( for example ) , if a user wanted to perform Z if the variables a and b do not point to the same memory location , the following code , combining two operators , “ Is ” and “ Not ” ( a negation of the expression ) would be required : 3 Dim a , b As x a = New x ( ) b = New x ( ) . . .
If Not ( a Is b)
Then ( Perform Z ) End If
[ 0012 ]
Suppose the code represented by the ellipses has resulted in the situation illustrated in FIG .
1 b : variable a 256 is pointing to memory location 254 and variable c 262 is also pointing to memory location 256 .
When the If statement is executed , Z will be performed because variables a 256 and c 262 both point to the same location ( location 254 ) in memory .
[ 0011 ]
Suppose the code represented by the ellipses above has resulted in the situation illustrated in FIG .
1 a : variable a 256 is pointing to memory location 254 while variable b 258 is pointing to memory location 260 .
Hence , Z will not be performed because variables a and b do not point to the same memory location .
It will be noted that , the execution of the statement “ a Is b ” thus determines whether or not the variables a and b point to the same memory location rather than whether or not a is equal to b .
In contrast , consider the following code : 2 Dim a , c As x a = New x ( ) c = New x ( ) . . .
If a Is c Then ( Perform Z ) End If
[ 0010 ]
In BASIC , an operator called “ Is ” allows a comparison of two variables to determine if both variables are pointing to the same memory location .
For example , when executing the following code : 1 Dim a , b As x a = New x ( ) b = New x ( )
If a Is b Then ( Perform Z ) End If
[ 0009 ]
The first line of code defines variable a to be of class x while the second line creates a new instance of x 254 on the heap , a pointer to which is stored in variable a 256 .
[ 0006 ]
Class x in this case is defined to contain a member of type “ Integer ” , which is to say that if the item stored at memory location 252 is a variable of class x , the contents of memory location 252 will comprise an Integer .
Suppose now that the following code is executed :
[ 0002 ] BASIC , ( Beginner 's All Purpose Symbolic Instruction Code ) , was designed to be an easy - to - learn programming language that makes programming easier by providing an intuitive , English - like syntax in which to code .
One of the ways in which BASIC eases programming tasks is by not requiring the use of pointer arithmetic .
For example , referring now to FIG .
1 a , when a BASIC program is executing , a memory buffer 250 ( typically a heap ) is created in RAM ( random access memory ) to store application data .
When a new object is created , space for the object is allocated on the heap .
The new object is represented in FIG .
1 a by the box labeled 252 , representing a location in memory where the new object is stored .
For example , suppose the following BASIC code defining a class x is executed :
[ 0015 ]
A system , method and computer - readable medium support the use of a single operator that allows a comparison of two variables to determine if the two variables point to different locations in memory , that is , the reverse of the existing “ Is ” operator in a BASIC programming language or a derivative of BASIC or BASIC - like programming language .
In one embodiment of the invention , the memory locations represent objects .
The new operator enables a user to determine if the left operand ( e.g. , a reference type ) “ is not ” the same instance as the reference type listed as the right operand .
The use of a single operand for this concept may increase the readability of the programming language .
[ 0021 ] FIG .
4 is a flow diagram of an exemplary method for generating code for determining whether two variables are pointing to different locations in memory in accordance with one aspect of the invention .
[ 0019 ] FIG .
3 a is a block diagram of an exemplary system comprising a design environment comprising a compiler for generating code for determining whether two variables are pointing to different locations in memory in accordance with one aspect of the invention ;
[ 0016 ]
The foregoing summary , as well as the following detailed description of preferred embodiments , is better understood when read in conjunction with the appended drawings .
For the purpose of illustrating the invention , there is shown in the drawings exemplary constructions of the invention ; however , the invention is not limited to the specific methods and instrumentalities disclosed .
In the drawings :
DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF ILLUSTRATIVE EMBODIMENTS
Overview [ 0022 ]
A single operator compares two operands to determine if the two operands point to different memory locations .
The memory locations may represent reference types such as objects or instances of a class .
For example , in the following code : 4 Dim x As New MyClass Dim y As New MyClass ( ) x = y If x Is y Then Perform ( Z ) [ 0023 ]
Where Z represents code to continue program execution .
In this case , “ x Is y ” evaluates to True , because both variables point to the same location in memory .
In the example , x and y refer to the same instance of class MyClass .
Hence , the program code represented by Z would be performed . [ 0024 ]
Now consider the following code : 5 Dim x As New MyClass Dim y As New MyClass( ) If x Is y Then Perform ( Z ) [ 0025 ]
In this case , “ x Is y ” evaluates to False , because although both variables are of the same class ( that is , belong to the same class , MyClass ) , variable x points to another instance of the class than does y. [ 0026 ]
Because the Is operator is often used to ensure that a variable has been initialized , the negation of the operator is often used to compare the variable to Nothing .
In BASIC , Nothing is a keyword : the value of a variable that has not been initialized or set to point to a particular memory location evaluates to “ Nothing ” .
Hence , the resulting language is often seen : 6 Sub Foo( ByRef x As ObjectType ) If Not ( x Is Nothing ) Then Perform Z End If End Sub , [ 0027 ] which is to say , perform Z if x points to an object stored in memory .
[ 0028 ]
In accordance with one embodiment of the invention , the above statement “ If Not ( x Is Nothing ) ” which combines the use of two operators , “ Is ” and “ Not ” , may be replaced with a single operator .
The keyword for the single operator may be “ IsNot ” , “ is_not ” or any other suitable keyword which reasonably conveys the concept of “ is not ” .
Exemplary Computing Environment [ 0029 ] FIG .
2 and the following discussion are intended to provide a brief general description of a suitable computing environment in which the invention may be implemented .
It should be understood , however , that handheld , portable , and other computing devices of all kinds are contemplated for use in connection with the present invention .
While a general purpose computer is described below , this is but one example , and the present invention requires only a thin client having network server interoperability and interaction .
Thus , the present invention may be implemented in an environment of networked hosted services in which very little or minimal client resources are implicated , e.g. , a networked environment in which the client device serves merely as a browser or interface to the World Wide Web . [ 0030 ]
Although not required , the invention can be implemented via an application programming interface ( API ) , for use by a developer , and / or included within the network browsing software which will be described in the general context of computer - executable instructions , such as program modules , being executed by one or more computers , such as client workstations , servers , or other devices .
Generally , program modules include routines , programs , objects , components , data structures and the like that perform particular tasks or implement particular abstract data types .
Typically , the functionality of the program modules may be combined or distributed as desired in various embodiments .
Moreover , those skilled in the art will appreciate that the invention may be practiced with other computer system configurations .
Other well known computing systems , environments , and / or configurations that may be suitable for use with the invention include , but are not limited to , personal computers ( PCs ) , automated teller machines , server computers , hand - held or laptop devices , multi- processor systems , microprocessor - based systems , programmable consumer electronics , network PCs , minicomputers , mainframe computers , and the like .
The invention may also be practiced in distributed computing environments where tasks are performed by remote processing devices that are linked through a communications network or other data transmission medium .
In a distributed computing environment , program modules may be located in both local and remote computer storage media including memory storage devices .
[ 0031 ] FIG .
2 thus illustrates an example of a suitable computing system environment 100 in which the invention may be implemented , although as made clear above , the computing system environment 100 is only one example of a suitable computing environment and is not intended to suggest any limitation as to the scope of use or functionality of the invention .
Neither should the computing environment 100 be interpreted as having any dependency or requirement relating to any one or combination of components illustrated in the exemplary operating environment 100 . [ 0032 ]
With reference to FIG .
2 , an exemplary system for implementing the invention includes a general purpose computing device in the form of a computer 110 .
Components of computer 110 may include , but are not limited to , a processing unit 120 , a system memory 130 , and a system bus 121 that couples various system components including the system memory to the processing unit 120 .
The system bus 121 may be any of several types of bus structures including a memory bus or memory controller , a peripheral bus , and a local bus using any of a variety of bus architectures .
By way of example , and not limitation , such architectures include Industry Standard Architecture ( ISA ) bus , Micro Channel Architecture ( MCA ) bus , Enhanced ISA ( EISA ) bus , Video Electronics Standards Association ( VESA ) local bus , and Peripheral Component Interconnect ( PCI ) bus ( also known as Mezzanine bus ) . [ 0033 ]
Computer 110 typically includes a variety of computer readable media .
Computer readable media can be any available media that can be accessed by computer 110 and includes both volatile and nonvolatile media , removable and non-removable media .
By way of example , and not limitation , computer readable media may comprise computer storage media and communication media .
Computer storage media includes both volatile and nonvolatile , removable and non-removable media implemented in any method or technology for storage of information such as computer readable instructions , data structures , program modules or other data .
Computer storage media includes , but is not limited to , RAM , ROM , EEPROM , flash memory or other memory technology , CDROM , digital versatile disks ( DVD ) or other optical disk storage , magnetic cassettes , magnetic tape , magnetic disk storage or other magnetic storage devices , or any other medium which can be used to store the desired information and which can be accessed by computer 110 .
Communication media typically embodies computer readable instructions , data structures , program modules or other data in a modulated data signal such as a carrier wave or other transport mechanism and includes any information delivery media .
The term “ modulated data signal ” means a signal that has one or more of its characteristics set or changed in such a manner as to encode information in the signal .
By way of example , and not limitation , communication media includes wired media such as a wired network or direct - wired connection , and wireless media such as acoustic , RF , infrared , and other wireless media .
Combinations of any of the above should also be included within the scope of computer readable media . [ 0034 ]
The system memory 130 includes computer storage media in the form of volatile and / or nonvolatile memory such as read only memory ( ROM ) 131 and random access memory ( RAM ) 132 .
A basic input / output system 133 ( BIOS ) , containing the basic routines that help to transfer information between elements within computer 110 , such as during start - up , is typically stored in ROM 131 .
RAM 132 typically contains data and / or program modules that are immediately accessible to and / or presently being operated on by processing unit 120 .
By way of example , and not limitation , FIG .
2 illustrates operating system 134 , application programs 135 , other program modules 136 , and program data 137 . [ 0035 ]
The computer 110 may also include other removable / non - removable , volatile / nonvolatile computer storage media .
By way of example only , FIG .
2 illustrates a hard disk drive 141 that reads from or writes to non-removable , nonvolatile magnetic media , a magnetic disk drive 151 that reads from or writes to a removable , nonvolatile magnetic disk 152 , and an optical disk drive 155 that reads from or writes to a removable , nonvolatile optical disk 156 , such as a CD ROM or other optical media .
Other removable / non - removable , volatile / nonvolatile computer storage media that can be used in the exemplary operating environment include , but are not limited to , magnetic tape cassettes , flash memory cards , digital versatile disks , digital video tape , solid state RAM , solid state ROM , and the like .
The hard disk drive 141 is typically connected to the system bus 121 through a non-removable memory interface such as interface 140 , and magnetic disk drive 151 and optical disk drive 155 are typically connected to the system bus 121 by a removable memory interface , such as interface 150 . [ 0036 ]
The drives and their associated computer storage media discussed above and illustrated in FIG .
2 provide storage of computer readable instructions , data structures , program modules and other data for the computer 110 .
In FIG . 2 , for example , hard disk drive 141 is illustrated as storing operating system 144 , application programs 145 , other program modules 146 , and program data 147 .
Note that these components can either be the same as or different from operating system 134 , application programs 135 , other program modules 136 , and program data 137 .
Operating system 144 , application programs 145 , other program modules 146 , and program data 147 are given different numbers here to illustrate that , at a minimum , they are different copies .
A user may enter commands and information into the computer 110 through input devices such as a keyboard 162 and pointing device 161 , commonly referred to as a mouse , trackball or touch pad .
Other input devices ( not shown ) may include a microphone , joystick , game pad , satellite dish , scanner , or the like .
These and other input devices are often connected to the processing unit 120 through a user input interface 160 that is coupled to the system bus 121 , but may be connected by other interface and bus structures , such as a parallel port , game port or a universal serial bus ( USB ) . [ 0037 ]
A monitor 191 or other type of display device is also connected to the system bus 121 via an interface , such as a video interface 190 .
A graphics interface 182 , such as Northbridge , may also be connected to the system bus 121 .
Northbridge is a chipset that communicates with the CPU , or host processing unit 120 , and assumes responsibility for accelerated graphics port ( AGP ) communications .
One or more graphics processing units ( GPUs ) 184 may communicate with graphics interface 182 .
In this regard , GPUs 184 generally include on - chip memory storage , such as register storage and GPUs 184 communicate with a video memory 186 .
GPUs 184 , however , are but one example of a coprocessor and thus a variety of coprocessing devices may be included in computer 110 .
A monitor 191 or other type of display device is also connected to the system bus 121 via an interface , such as a video interface 190 , which may in turn communicate with video memory 186 .
In addition to monitor 191 , computers may also include other peripheral output devices such as speakers 197 and printer 196 , which may be connected through an output peripheral interface 195 . [ 0038 ]
The computer 110 may operate in a networked environment using logical connections to one or more remote computers , such as a remote computer 180 .
The remote computer 180 may be a personal computer , a server , a router , a network PC , a peer device or other common network node , and typically includes many or all of the elements described above relative to the computer 110 , although only a memory storage device 181 has been illustrated in FIG .
2 .
The logical connections depicted in FIG .
2 include a local area network ( LAN ) 171 and a wide area network ( WAN ) 173 , but may also include other networks .
Such networking environments are commonplace in offices , enterprise - wide computer networks , intranets and the Internet . [ 0039 ]
When used in a LAN networking environment , the computer 110 is connected to the LAN 171 through a network interface or adapter 170 .
When used in a WAN networking environment , the computer 110 typically includes a modem 172 or other means for establishing communications over the WAN 173 , such as the Internet .
The modem 172 , which may be internal or external , may be connected to the system bus 121 via the user input interface 160 , or other appropriate mechanism .
In a networked environment , program modules depicted relative to the computer 110 , or portions thereof , may be stored in the remote memory storage device .
By way of example , and not limitation , FIG .
2 illustrates remote application programs 185 as residing on memory device 181 .
It will be appreciated that the network connections shown are exemplary and other means of establishing a communications link between the computers may be used .
[ 0040 ]
One of ordinary skill in the art can appreciate that a computer 110 or other client device can be deployed as part of a computer network .
In this regard , the present invention pertains to any computer system having any number of memory or storage units , and any number of applications and processes occurring across any number of storage units or volumes .
The present invention may apply to an environment with server computers and client computers deployed in a network environment , having remote or local storage .
The present invention may also apply to a standalone computing device , having programming language functionality , interpretation and execution capabilities .
Skinner says he was already prepared to die
The US Supreme Court has stayed the execution of a convicted murderer , less than an hour before he was due to die , after an appeal for new DNA tests .
Henry Skinner was convicted in Texas in 1995 of the murders of his girlfriend and her two sons .
Skinner , who is now married to a French campaigner against the death penalty , had called for new DNA testing to prove his innocence .
His appeal received the support of French President Nicolas Sarkozy .
The French ambassador to the US has asked the Texas governor to pardon Skinner or halt the execution .
The stay of execution grants a delay but does not ensure the DNA tests will be carried out .
Skinner , 47 , was told about the reprieve as he waited in a holding cell next to the death chamber in Huntsville , Texas .
" I had made up my mind I was going to die , " he was quoted as saying by the Associated Press .
" I 'm eager to get the DNA testing so I can prove my innocence and get the hell out of here .
I 'm greatly relieved .
I feel like I really won today . "
Many universities take a tough line with copyright infringers , says professional group Libraries and universities are protesting about plans to make them police users of wireless networks .
The government 's Digital Economy Bill includes plans to make them responsible for what is done over free wi-fi .
The plans imply that libraries , universities and cafes offering free wireless will be responsible if people use it to pirate movies and music .
Bodies representing universities want the law clarified so they are not hit with big bills for policing every user .
" We 're very concerned about this , " said Toby Bainton , secretary of the Society of College , National and University Libraries ( Sconul ) .
" We have been pressing them on this for quite some time . "
Some fear that the provisions in the Bill will also spell the end for the free wi-fi services that many coffee shops and restaurants offer to patrons .
Copyright cops Mr Bainton said Sconul , which represents university and national libraries , wanted clarification on the responsibilities that the Digital Economy Bill introduces for its members .
The Digital Economy Bill contains many changes to existing laws governing use of the net and is currently being debated in Parliament .
One of the most divisive elements is the so - called " three strikes rule " that would give regulator Ofcom new powers to disconnect or slow down the connections of persistent net pirates .
In a public document explaining the new changes , the government has said it will not exempt universities and libraries from ensuring that the networks they use are not used to infringe copyright .
DIGITAL ECONOMY BILL Legal framework for tackling copyright infringement via education and technical measures Ofcom given powers to appoint and fund independently funded news consortia New duties for Ofcom to assess the UK 's communications infrastructure every two years Modernising spectrum to increase investment in mobile broadband Framework for the move to digital radio switchover by 2015 Updating Channel 4 functions to encompass public service content , on TV and online Age ratings compulsory for all boxed video games aimed at those over 12 years " ... this would in effect give carte blanche to infringement and would attract infringers to exploit these spaces , " wrote Lord Young in a cover letter accompanying the document .
The confusion arose , said Mr Bainton , because the government had yet to decide whether Sconul members were to be regarded as subscribers or network suppliers .
As subscribers the burden of policing would not fall on them .
Instead , it would fall on their network supplier .
However , said Mr Bainton , dubbing them subscribers did not solve all problems because the UK's higher education institutions got their net access from one source - the Joint Academic Network ( Janet ) .
" Janet has codes of practice about acceptable use and individual universities are very good at spotting and stopping illegal downloads , " he said .
" The way it usually works is that it does not get as far as infringement , " said Mr Bainton .
" Our house is quite well in order . "
The technical measures the government had proposed to help Janet police users were not applicable to a network that used massive amounts of bandwidth and employed peer - to - peer technology for legitimate research purposes , he added .
Mr Bainton said university and national library networks could be " spared " the burden of oversight in the code of practice covering wi-fi that will be drawn up once the Digital Economy Bill has been passed .
This is likely to contain thresholds beyond which responsibilities for policing infringement over wi- fi should come into force .
The thresholds could be set quite high for academic institutions , said Mr Bainton .
Despite this , he said , national and university libraries wanted clarification of their status sorted out while the bill was being debated .
" We are still working on them , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
- video encodings still in process -
Or Past ?
This obviously did n't work its way out of 80's .
I wonder if you can open this manually in an emergency
In her 2002 book titled , " Water Wars , " noted author , social activist , and ecologist Vandana Shiva called privatizing water : -- ecological terrorism ; -- a global water crisis ; -- along with overuse , waste and pollution , it can cause " the most pervasive , most severe , and most invisible dimension of the ecological devastation of the earth ; " -- the road to " an ecological crisis with commercial causes but no market solutions ; ( they ) destroy the earth and aggravate inequality ; the solution to an ecological crisis is ecological , and the solution for injustice is democracy ; " and -- water rights are natural and " usufructuary .... water can be used but not owned ; " it belongs to everyone as part of the commons as an essential " basis of all life .... under customary laws , the right to water has been accepted as a natural , social fact . "
Shiva lists nine water democracy principles : ( 1 ) it 's nature 's gift ; ( 2 ) it 's essential to life ; ( 3 ) " life is interconnected through water ; " ( 4 ) it must be free " for sustenance needs ; " ( 5 ) it 's limited and exhaustible ; ( 6 ) it must be conserved ; ( 7 ) it 's a commons ; ( 8 ) " no one has a right to overuse , abuse , waste , pollute , " or own it ; it belongs to everyone ; it can't be treated as a commodity ; and ( 9 ) there 's no substitute .
Corporate profiteers have other ideas and , since 1997 , have met triennially at the World Water Forum ( WWF ) to discuss privatizing water globally in coordination with the World Water Council ( WWC ) .
It 's dominated by two of the world 's largest water companies , Suez and Veolia , as well as the World Bank , other financial interests , UN bodies , and powerful interest groups representing business and world nations .
WWC 's agenda is profits through Public - Private Partnerships ( PPPs ) wanting to privatize global water resources , sell them to the highest bidder , promote destructive dam and water diversion projects , extort high prices , and make an element of life available only to those who can afford it .
Their scheme involves controlling city / municipal / community distribution as well as stealing public water , bottling it , selling it at exorbitant prices , and claiming it 's pure when , in fact , it 's no safer than tap water .
In fact , a 1990s four year National Resources Defense Council study on the bottled water industry found " major gaps in bottled water regulation and conclude (d ) that bottled water is not necessarily safer than tap water . "
Using independent labs , it tested over 1,000 bottles of 103 brands and found : -- one - third contained " significant contamination ( i.e. levels of chemical or bacterial contaminants exceeding those allowed under a state or industry standard or guideline ) ; " and -- contaminants found in some but not all samples tested included excessive coliform bacteria , synthetic organic compounds ( such as toluene , xylene , styrene and others ) , flouride , phthalate , arsenic , nitrates , and other inorganic contaminants .
It 's no wonder , given the weakness of federal standards and little regulatory oversight .
People Advocates
The People 's Water Forum ( WWF ) advocates for global water justice , calling it a " basic element of all life ( and ) a fundamental and inalienable human right . "
It rejects all forms of privatization , demanding water be " public , social , cooperative , participatory , equitable , and not for profit . "
It calls for " the democratic and sustainable management of ecosystems and the preservation of the water cycle through the protection and proper management of watersheds and environment . "
It says commodifying water harms the world 's poor , and wants privatized utilities reclaimed for equitable public use .
Some Key Water Facts Available in lakes , rivers , and underground aquifers , freshwater is scarce , comprising only 0.008 % of the global total .
It 's unevenly distributed .
Around 90 % of what 's drinkable is groundwater .
About 70 % is locked in ice caps , less than 1 % readily available .
The Great Lakes contain about 84 % of North America 's surface fresh water and 21 % of the world 's supply .
About 13 % is in Brazil .
Other water rich countries include Canada , Russia , China , Indonesia and Colombia .
One - third of the world 's population lives in " water - stressed " countries .
Over two - thirds have no access to clean water , and an estimated 25,000 people die daily as a result .
The World Health Organization ( WHO ) attributes contaminated water to 80 % of all sickness and disease worldwide .
In the last decade alone , the number of children killed by avoidable diarrhea illnesses exceeded the death toll from all armed conflicts since WW II .
Every eight seconds , a child dies from contaminated water .
More freshwater is stored in the ground than in liquid form on the surface .
Scientists have discovered a vast water reservoir beneath East Asia , at least the equivalent of the Arctic Ocean , so far untapped .
Up to now , no shortages exist , but overuse , pollution , and waste will create them .
Water is limited , exhaustible when poorly managed , and there 's no substitute .
Irrigation consumes the most because agribusiness uses ten times what comparable ecological farming needs .
Much of what 's available is lost through pollution , overuse , and waste .
Conservation and keeping it out of corporate hands is vital to human health , well - being , and sustainability .
One Report Highlights Privatization Dangers Food & Water Watch advocates for economic and environmental sustainability through research , the media , public outreach and education , including lobbying for safe , wholesome food as well as public control of groundwater , oceans , lakes and rivers .
In February 2009 , it published a report titled , " Money Down the Drain : How Private Control of Water Wastes Public Resources . "
It covers corporate efforts to convince cash - starved communities to privatize their water and wastewater systems , saying it's how to raise vital revenue , be more efficient , and the best way to upgrade facilities at low cost .
The facts prove otherwise : -- because of financing costs , taxes , high executive pay , expected profits , and numerous other factors , privatization is expensive and irresponsible ; -- private utilities charge up to 80 % more for water and 100 % more for sewer service ; -- costs are contained by downsizing workforces , destroying unions , relying on cheap labor , using shoddy construction materials , deferring maintenance , and backlogging service requests to focus all efforts on profits .
Cities belatedly learn that public control delivers better , cheaper , faster , more reliable service and happier customers .
Food & Water Watch concluded that : Privatization is not a sustainable model or a way to rejuvenate community water systems .
" From high costs and inefficiency to unaccountable and irresponsible operators , a deluge of problems has swamped communities that turned to the private sector .
Corporations prioritize earnings over quality , and stockholders over consumers .
They seek good returns by cutting corners , neglecting maintenance and hiking rates . "
Privatization is the problem , not the solution to protect our valuable water resources and distribute them equitably to everyone at a reasonable cost .
" Public money for public utilities is the best way .... to ensure clean , safe and affordable water for generations to come . "
It also preserves higher paying jobs and the right of workers to organize .
Irresponsible profiteers operate otherwise .
Social activist Maude Barlow chairs the Council of Canadians , Canada 's largest citizens organization advocating for numerous economic and social issues , including Canadian independence , progressive policies , energy security , and publicly controlled clean water .
She explains that future peace or peril depends on whether water is commodified or a public good , saying dwindling freshwater supplies , inequitable access , and corporate control " have created a life - or - death situation across the planet . "
Schemes to shift water from one ecosystem to another for profit are a human rights and environmental nightmare .
Private solutions are the problem , not the solution to equitable distribution , conservation , and sustainability .
However , American and Canadian governments have other ideas , having " decided that water is not a public good but a private resource that must be secured by whatever means " to control who gets it , at what price , and who does n't .
These countries lead efforts to block international attempts to recognize water as a human right .
In a July 2007 article titled , " The Militarization and Annexation of North America , " this writer discussed one way - by integrating America , Canada and Mexico through the Security and Prosperity Partnership ( SPP ) , or North American Union .
Launched in March 2005 , it's for greater US , Canadian and Mexican economic , political , social , and security integration with secretive working groups devising binding agreements legislatures can't change .
If achieved , it will militarily enforce a corporate coup d'etat against the sovereignty of three nations , their people and legislative bodies , the idea being a US - controlled North America with no trade or capital flow barriers .
Especially key will be America 's unlimited access to Canadian and Mexican resources , mainly oil from both countries and Canadian water .
Efforts paused during the Bush to Obama transition , but deep integration plans remain , the grand goal being a single global marketplace under a one world government and much more , including ending social justice and democratic rule , a very ugly future if achieved .
Efforts to Preserve Water as a Right Organizations like the Council of Canadians , the Blue Planet Project ( founded by Barlow ) , Food & Water Watch and others are fighting back to preserve water as a right , keep it out of corporate hands , and stop countries like Canada from agreeing to bulk exports to America when preserving enough for domestic needs is vital .
Although Canada is water rich , it must conserve its surplus quantities , given its own growing needs .
But plans are being made to divert them .
Selling Bulk Canadian Water to America A January 2006 Canadian
Press article , titled " Pressure to export water to US could grow " quoted former US ambassador to Canada , Paul Celluci , saying : " Canada has probably one of the largest resources of fresh water in the world . "
Unmentioned was America 's aim - control to privatize it , Celluci saying it 's " odd ( that ) Canada is so willing to sell oil and natural gas and uranium and coal ( but ) talking about water is off the table , and water is renewable . "
True enough when conserved and responsibly managed , but short of that , freshwater supplies are dwindling , and inequitable access for billions has created a global water crisis .
Celluci 's comment was as close as " any high - profile American ( had ) come to ( admitting ) what many Canadians have long suspected - Washington wants our water . "
In fact , Maclean 's magazine ran a cover story arguing that Canada should sell it before America takes it .
Responsible Canadians disagree , citing among other factors , the threat confronting western Canada .
The most important Prairie rivers are fed by mountain glaciers , and they 're melting at an alarming rate .
The British science journal , Nature , noted that " The consequences of these hydrological changes for water availability .... are likely to be severe . "
Cities like Calgary , Edmonton and Saskatoon risk losing their rivers altogether or enough to cause serious harm .
According to Andrew Weaver of the University of Victoria 's School of Earth and Ocean Sciences : " Its a huge problem .
These glaciers are basically toast .
They wo n't be around by the end of the century , or they 'll be around in such insignificant amounts that it wo n't be a big source of water .
You 've got to start thinking about adaptation here . "
Tim Barnett of La Jolla , CA 's Scripps Institution called them " fossil water and when it 's gone , it 's gone .
If you really are glacier - fed in a warming world , you 're up the creek without a paddle , no pun intended . "
Maude Barlow agrees calling a dwindling global water supply the new century 's most threatening ecological , economic and political crisis , one not properly being addressed .
" There is no water ( surplus ) in the Great Lakes .
The only place one could go ( for what 's needed ) is up north and all those rivers are flowing north , so you 'd have to be undertaking huge engineering projects to reverse the flow " ( south ) .
So this notion that we have lots of water sitting around is absolutely false . "
Barlow and others worry whether Canada can ban bulk exports because WTO and NAFTA define water as a tradable good .
NAFTA also calls it an investment , and a provision in the agreement requires " proportional sharing " of energy resources .
America considers water among them so could cite Canada for a violation if it wo n't sell .
In addition , under NAFTA 's Chapter 11 , US corporations could sue for financial losses .
In 2001 , a California company sued the Canadian government for $ 10.5 billion because British Columbia banned commercial bulk water exports .
WTO provisions prohibit export controls for any " good " that by definition includes water .
Imposing them could be challenged as a non-tariff barrier - even for sound environmental reasons and a resource as vital as water .
Under NAFTA 's Article 309 , similar to GATT 's Article XI , contracting parties are prohibited from restricting the export of goods .
At issue is whether water is a " good , " but WTO says it is .
Further , the US Supreme Court ruled water an article of interstate commerce .
In Sporhase v. Nebraska ex. rel. Douglas ( 1882 ) , the Court called a Nebraska law prohibiting commercial water exports unconstitutional under the dormant commerce clause - a legal doctrine inferred from the Commerce Clause in the Constitution 's Article I , expressly granting Congress the power to regulate interstate commerce , not the states .
The Court called groundwater an article of interstate commerce subject to congressional regulation .
Since none prohibit it , profiteers can sell it like toothpaste , toys , or tomatoes .
Worse still , WTO and NAFTA provisions are supernational , overriding national laws on trade , rendering protective ones null and void .
Water is thus a tradable commodity , no different from others , unless new provisions replace existing ones .
What the Supreme Court ruled for interstate commerce , NAFTA and WTO did for international trade , so it 's unclear how to stop it even though one argument could be that water in its natural state ( in lakes , rivers and underground ) has n't become a tradable good , and GATT 's Article XX prescribes " natural resources " exceptions to treaty obligations that might let WTO members control water exports for environmental protection .
Yet the language is vague , and GATT / WTO decisions interpret Article XX to mean limited and conditional ones , placing a heavy burden of proof on parties invoking them , thus pitting a nation 's right to protect its environment and control its water against the rules of international trade .
So far , corporate profiteers have the upper hand , especially since America , Canada , and many other nations go along .
But as Maude Barlow wrote in her book " Blue Covenant : The Global Water Crisis and the Coming Battle for the Right to Water : " The " global justice movement is demanding a change in international law to settle once and for all the question of who controls water .
It must be commonly understood that water is not a commercial good .... but rather a human right and a public trust . "
Binding law is needed to codify it to obligate all nations " to deliver sufficient , safe , accessible and affordable water to their citizens as a public service . "
Corporate control must be prevented , and global water justice efforts must take the lead .
Various initiatives globally are making headway .
" Momentum is growing everywhere for a right whose time has come , " but it wo n't arrive easily up against powerful opposition .
Stealing Canada 's Water Wealth Canadian attorney John Carten runs the web site waterwarcrimes.com , covering the plan to highjack Canadian water , involving powerful insiders trying to make billions of dollars through bulk water exports , some entirely illegal .
A feature article headlines : " The Politicians Plan to Steal Canada 's Water Resource Wealth , " explaines that Canada has abundant water , especially in Quebec in the East , and British Columbia ( BC ) in the West .
The temptation to profiteer is overwhelming .
The way chosen is by monopoly control , " the investors behind the bulk water export business hatch ( ing ) a bold and devious two step plan : 1 . Obtain a source of abundant water for export from the British Columbia Government .
2 . Use the environmental movement and the public media in Canada to ( ensure that ) policy makers in the Governments of Canada and British Columbia " ban competition .
Targeted was " the joint venture project of two small companies , one American , Sun Belt Water Inc. based in Santa Barbara , California , and one Canadian , Snowcap Waters Ltd. based in Fanny Bay , BC and the small Vancouver based company , Aquasource Ltd . "
Investors established WCW Western Canada Water Enterprises Ltd. to run things , hired PR flacks and corrupted environmentalists to hype fear about unrestricted bulk water exports , so the solution was prohibiting it with an exception - the rights WCW already had giving it an exclusive franchise .
" The plan was brilliant , it was devious , and it would have been hugely profitable , and incidentally , tax free for many of the ( political and business ) insiders who held their interests offshore . "
They acquired an exclusive license to export " fresh water taken from .... behind the dam at Ocean Falls on terms that were completely illegal - courtesy of insiders " in the BC government .
Next comes transporting it to America , using supertankers to deliver it 1,500 miles south to southern California and northern Mexico .
However , they 're limited , expensive , can only service coastal areas , and they can't deliver enough " to satisfy the long term solution to the water issues of the American southwest and Mexico , " given the population size and substantial commercial needs .
Eliminating competition also involved " brib ( ing ) the governing political Social Credit Party ( to get the BC government ) under the leadership of Bill Vander Zalm ( to create ) a multitude of regulatory hurdles in the path of the competitors that slowed them down but did not completely kill them so , eventually the Government used brute force ( in addition to violating ) the Canada US Free Trade Agreement , the GATT and the Water Act ( to impose ) the illegal moratorium on bulk water exports that denied all competitors the ability " to get a license .
It failed because : -- it was illegal ; -- WCW became greedy and tried " to gouge the first US customer , the Goleta Water District , by pricing its water at 50 % more than the American competitor , Sun Belt Water Inc ; " and -- Canadian political and business insiders " announced that Sun Belt ( would n't get ) access " to Canada 's water ; only WCW could supply it .
Sun Belt collapsed .
Goleta refused to do business with WCW , and after a few years it went bankrupt " although it had raised over $ 100 million to finance its business " and had powerful backers .
A cover -up followed that was bogus on its face , including claiming a bulk water export business was n't viable , when , in fact , California planned far more costly desalinization efforts that " use horrendous amounts of energy , create huge environmental issues with salt residues and produces a vastly inferior brand of water with so much mineral content that it is not healthy to drink on a long - term basis . "
The North American Water and Power Alliance ( NAWAPA ) plans to revive the scheme through a new way to export Canadian and Alaskan water to the American southwest and northern Mexico .
Its web site describes it as : " a project for diverting to the western US and northwestern Mexico water from rivers in Alaska and Canada which now flow into the Arctic Ocean .
In addition to providing irrigation water to arid parts of North America , NAWAPA would also generate considerable amounts of power and provide some subsidiary benefits such as stabilizing the level of the Great Lakes . "
" The project was formulated by the Los Angeles engineering firm of Ralph M. Parsons Company ( to ) deliver 120 million acre-feet of water annually ; 78 million to the US ; 22 million to Canada , and 20 million to Mexico . "
About 85 % of the water would go to agribusiness that already consumes more than its share , causing growing shortages for others .
NAWAPA does n't explain , but its scheme involves privatizing a public resource , using it wastefully , and exploiting it at a cost far more than what governments would charge .
It also about stealing Alaskan and Canadian water , aided by corrupted politicians , the way giant businesses always operate in America , Canada and most elsewhere when governments go along the old fashioned way - bought and paid for through political bribes .
Stephen Lendman is a Research Associate of the Centre for Research on Globalization .
He lives in Chicago and can be reached at lendmanstephen@sbcglobal.net .
Also visit his blog site at sjlendman .
blogspot.com and listen to cutting - edge discussions with distinguished guests on the Progressive Radio News Hour on the Progressive Radio Network Thursdays at 10 AM US Central time and Saturdays and Sundays at noon .
All programs are archived for easy listening .
http://prognewshour.progressiveradionetwork.org/
http://lendmennews.progressiveradionetwork.org/ box and h and DP The Business Of Water - Privatizing An Essential Resource By Stephen Lendman 3-9-10
In her 2002 book titled , " Water Wars , " noted author , social activist , and ecologist Vandana Shiva called privatizing water : -- ecological terrorism ; -- a global water crisis ; -- along with overuse , waste and pollution , it can cause " the most pervasive , most severe , and most invisible dimension of the ecological devastation of the earth ; " -- the road to " an ecological crisis with commercial causes but no market solutions ; ( they ) destroy the earth and aggravate inequality ; the solution to an ecological crisis is ecological , and the solution for injustice is democracy ; " and -- water rights are natural and " usufructuary .... water can be used but not owned ; " it belongs to everyone as part of the commons as an essential " basis of all life .... under customary laws , the right to water has been accepted as a natural , social fact . "
Shiva lists nine water democracy principles : ( 1 ) it 's nature 's gift ; ( 2 ) it 's essential to life ; ( 3 ) " life is interconnected through water ; " ( 4 ) it must be free " for sustenance needs ; " ( 5 ) it 's limited and exhaustible ; ( 6 ) it must be conserved ; ( 7 ) it 's a commons ; ( 8 ) " no one has a right to overuse , abuse , waste , pollute , " or own it ; it belongs to everyone ; it can't be treated as a commodity ; and ( 9 ) there 's no substitute .
Corporate profiteers have other ideas and , since 1997 , have met triennially at the World Water Forum ( WWF ) to discuss privatizing water globally in coordination with the World Water Council ( WWC ) .
It 's dominated by two of the world 's largest water companies , Suez and Veolia , as well as the World Bank , other financial interests , UN bodies , and powerful interest groups representing business and world nations .
Old School Fantasy # 1 : “ A Keg for Dragon ” is the latest adventure from Reality Blurs for Savage Worlds .
I am a big fan of Savage Worlds but I never ran any classic fantasy games in it , so I just had to get a copy of that adventure to get some inspiration on how you can run old - school fantasy games using Savage Worlds .
The adventure sets you back $ 5 for the PDF download , so it ’s not expensive either .
So , what do you get for $ 5 ?
“ A Keg for Dragon ” is a 20 - paged PDF containing a light - hearted classic fantasy adventure for Savage Worlds .
It does contain some background information on the town of Northpoint and its surroundings .
I do n’t want to spoil the story here ( which has some nice twists ) but here ’s the blurb on the adventure , directly taken from the official site :
Northpoint is a remote village with no particular claim to fame other than its location in the foothills of the Ridgeline Mountains , home to an ancient dwarven kingdom known for its potent whiskey .
Our heroes are traveling there to visit an old friend , an acquaintance , or to follow up on some rumor of your choosing when they are drawn into the village ’s dilemma .
The Iron Legion , a vicious tribe of imperialistic orcs , has recently begun to threaten the villagers , and have already cut off most travel along the North Road .
Their intent is clear – the conquest of Northpoint .
For some reason , the Compact of Clipwing has not been honored , and the dragon that protects the village is nowhere to be seen .
Our debut fantasy adventure , A Keg for Dragon is designed to be played in a single evening for a group of 4 - 6 players with characters of all experience levels , but works well for a starting group or as a one - shot break from your existing campaign .
Easily integrated into any fantasy milieu , Old School Fantasy works well with the Fantasy Companion , and introduces no new rules or edges .
You bring with it what you will .
Ready for fantasy ?
Remember , Reality Blurs .
What I really like about this adventure is how it ’s organized .
It starts with a detailed synopsis on the adventure ’s plot .
Of course this plot will probably get a bit messed up by the player ’s actions but it gives you a good overview what may happen .
The synopsis is followed by short descriptions of the major places of interest and the cast .
All important NPCs are listed with full stats , a short description , a quote and a more detailed background description .
There are also GM tips for every major character in the adventure listed .
The rest of the book is called “ The Adventure Proper ” and is divided up in nine distinct scenes followed - up by the epilogue .
Each scene contains an overview of what is supposed to happen , a short description , what the GMs goals are and what the characters ’ goals should be .
While this may sound a bit railroad -y to some , I think especially the GM and character goals will help novice GMs a lot .
The detailed descriptions also give some tips on how the GM could react on certain outcomes .
A Keg for Dragon is definitely not the most complex adventure I ’ve seen , but there ’s much to like about it .
I have n’t run it yet , but I am sure the clear layout and how it ’s organized will help the GM a lot .
The story consists some interesting twist , but is not too complicated for novice players .
And you ca n’t really argue about the price .
$ 5 for a solid fantasy adventure is definitely a fair price .
If you love Savage Worlds and if you are planning to run some fantasy game , you should check this adventure out !
You can get Old School Fantasy # 1 : “ A Keg for Dragon ” at the Reality Blur shop or at RPGNow .
I do n't like goodbye posts , generally .
I can't count how many obviously insincere farewell posts I 've read on innumerable blogs , where people whine and cry about missing the community and the people and the fun while silently thanking their lucky stars that they never have to talk to any of those people again .
I wo n't blame you for fearing that this post will be no different .
To me , however , Destructoid has been everything .
I 'm leaving the site for a writing gig at Gearbox Software , but I would have never gotten that job , or any other I 've held in the past three years ( Blockbuster Video notwithstanding ) without Destructoid .
Long story short : goodbye , and thank you .
Long story long can be found after the jump .
I am being one hundred percent honest when I say that everything in my life that I consider valuable or spectacular has come about , directly or indirectly , because of Destructoid .
I often have brief moments of existential terror when I start wondering what my life would be like if I had n't decided to write an ( in retrospect , not terribly great ) editorial about Shadow of the Colossus in the Dtoid forums when the site was still small , prompting Niero to hire me for the frontpage .
I would n't have met my girlfriend , Ashley Davis .
I would n't have become friends with countless staff and community members .
Hey Ash Whatcha Playin would n't exist , and even if it did , it would n't have been on GameTrailers .
And , again , I would n't have landed my dream job at Gearbox .
Before I went into the interview at Gearbox , I told Ashley Davis : you know , it 's not really a big deal if they do n't hire me .
I mean , I 'd love to go work on games -- I 've wanted that since childhood -- but living here with you , and blogging , and doing Hey Ash , and playing and discussing games for a living ?
That 's a pretty goddamn great life .
Even if Randy Pitchford punches me in the stomach and sends me home without another word , I told her , I 'll still be coming home to a life I absolutely adore .
And all that is thanks to Niero , and everyone else at Destructoid .
I cannot possibly understate the positive change that Destructoid has made to my life .
I also can't understate that -- a few douchebags notwithstanding -- the community has been great to me .
Hanging out with many of you at PAX , or hearing all the helpful and often kind things you 've had to say about HAWP , or the Rev Rants , or the editorials , made my time at Dtoid that much better .
Do n't get me wrong : some of y'all are fuckers , and there 's no getting around that .
But Obligatory Internet Fucker Count aside , I could n't have asked for a more supportive , cool group of readers to pitch my content to every week .
I 'll miss the site , and the people , and the life that Destructoid gave me .
I 'll miss it all , in one way or another .
But I 'll be leaving all that for a job and a lifestyle so far beyond anything I could have ever imagined before joining Destructoid , so incredibly cool and terrifying and wonderful and epic , that I have only one thing to say to the founders , staff , and community of Destructoid :
Thank you .
Thank you so , so , much .
Also , on an unrelated note :
Ashley Davis , will you marry me ?
Saltar a la fecha de hoy .
section = politica nombre = impresa.politica
Arrancan obras de la refinería con $ 5 mil millones : Calderón
El presidente Felipe Calderón , durante el acto conmemorativo por el 72 aniversario de la expropiación petrolera , celebrado en la refinería de Tula , en el estado de Hidalgo Foto Notimex Listos , los terrenos para construirla ; no habrá disputas ni controversias jurídicas , sostiene
Se revirtió la caída de la producción y las reservas probadas se restituyeron 77 % , afirma Sigue la declinación de Cantarell ; difícil , consolidar nuevos yacimientos : Romero Deschamps
Restituidas , 100 % de las reservas totales descubiertas de Pemex : Suárez Coppel El director general demanda cambios profundos para hacer eficiente la paraestatal Exige reformas que flexibilicen la contratación en las mejores condiciones para la empresa
Calderón insiste en reintroducir los contratos de riesgo , acusa el PRD La petrolera nacional , totalmente quebrada , asevera el PRI
Diputados de PRI , PRD y PT censuran la privatización soterrada de Pemex Los panistan endeudaron la empresa para financiar otras actividades : Francisco Rojas
No permitiremos una reforma que entregue el petróleo a manos de particulares : Encinas
Exige Cárdenas que Pemex dé a conocer contratos de riesgo
Debe hacerlo para tener certeza de que no viola la Constitución Las alianzas con AN , oportunidad para algunos burócratas del PRD
Profesores , electricistas y petroleros recuerdan expropiación con marchas En Oaxaca y Coatzacoalcos repudian políticas del gobierno federal
Especialistas en energía se oponen a la privatización La Estrategia Nacional de Energía es un engaño del presidente Felipe Calderón para privatizar Petróleos Mexicanos ( Pemex ) , aseguró Mario Galicia Yépez , coordinador del Comité Nacional de Estudios de la Energía , durante un encuentro de egresados del Instituto Politécnico Nacional ( IPN ) .
Continuar
Presenta AN reforma a la Ley Federal del Trabajo que limita el derecho de huelga
Sin que estuviera incluida en el orden del día , presenta iniciativa ; no pasará : PRI
Repudian sindicatos el plan blanquiazul
Es pro patronal y genera condiciones de mayor explotación , sostienen
La CIDH niega medidas cautelares que solicitaron mineros en torno a Cananea Descarta riesgo de que el sitio sea ocupado por la fuerza pública
Nuevos actos de represión policiaca dejan un herido de bala , denuncian electricistas
Ante la embestida , se levantaron algunos campamentos , pero la huelga sigue , sostienen
Elaborará Sergio Valls dictamen sobre juicio de amparo promovido por SME
El gremio impugna la extinción de Luz y Fuerza del Centro
Sólo un secretario de Estado difunde datos curriculares y declaración patrimonial El titular de la Función Pública incumple obligación al respecto en sistema electrónico
Tras arreciar críticas de EU a México , se anuncia visita de Calderón a Washington El Presidente realizará una visita oficial en mayo , la cual incluirá una cena de Estado El titular del Ejecutivo tendrá antes un encuentro con el mandatario estadunidense , en abril
México demandará a EU homologar las estrategias de combate al crimen Aquí el tráfico de armas es un grave problema y allá se venden libremente , sostienen
Urge replantear las tácticas contra las drogas : partidos de oposición Subrayan que es indispensable quebrar las finanzas de los cárteles
De alto riesgo , 12 municipios de Tamaulipas
El gabinete de seguridad nacional señaló como municipios de alto riesgo a 12 de 43 ayuntamientos de Tamaulipas , mientras que el gobierno de esa entidad creó un espacio en su página web denominado Información oportuna para evitar la desinformación que se puede generar ante la existencia de un hecho real o de un rumor .
Las autoridades tamaulipecas crearon en su página oficial una liga de recomendaciones y medidas preventivas que , entre otras cosas , señala : esperamos que esta situación se resuelva pronto , pero mientras persista , mantente informado y alerta en todo momento , no te expongas ni expongas a terceros .
Cuando se encuentre bajo la línea de fuego evite circular en el sentido de los vehículos policiales ; cuando un evento es confirmado por las autoridades no acuda por los niños a la escuela y manténgase en permanente co- municación con los directivos de la misma y de ser posible con sus hijos .
Continuar
La guerra contra el narco en México se prolongará unos 10 años : Victor Renuart
El jefe del Comando Norte considera indispensable extender la Iniciativa Mérida Para The Washington
Post el conflicto en el país es tan importante como los de Irak o Afganistán
Redada en el Barrio Azteca ; buscan a asesinos de empleados del consulado La FBI detuvo en El Paso a 50 personas ligadas a La Línea
Con desempleo ningún plan antidrogas funcionará , advierte López Obrador Estados Unidos debe apoyar al país para retomar el crecimiento económico , afirma
Difundir notas de violencia perjudica las inversiones : IP Propone crear un órgano regulador
La Armada concluye operación quirúrgica en NL Preparan nuevas acciones anticrimen
Buscan enviar diputados a Chihuahua En la Cámara de Diputados el Comité de Información , Gestoría y Quejas , presidido por el perredista Mauricio Toledo , elaboró un punto de acuerdo para que el pleno camaral respalde la presencia de un grupo plural de legisladores federales en Chihuahua .
Continuar
Bloquean sicarios dos horas carreteras que llevan de Monterrey a Tamaulipas Hombres armados despojaron a particulares de sus vehículos y los atravesaron en las vías También cerraron una arteria en San Nicolás de los Garza ; anoche , la PGR no había empezado a indagar
Los hijos de un regidor y 2 policías , entre las 21 víctimas que dejó ayer el hampa En Chihuahua ocurrieron seis de los asesinatos
Firma contratada por el IFE ayudará al personal cesado a manejar emociones La meta es que la coordinación administrativa labore con los trabajadores idóneos , dice el instituto JVG Consultores cobrará más de un millón de pesos por asesorar en el uso de recursos humanos
Presenta Pablo Gómez propuesta de reforma al Cofipe que evite la simulación
Prevé castigo a funcionarios y concesionarios de radio y tv que violen la ley
Entre acusaciones , líderes de tribus del PRD preparan la reunión de consejo Anoche aún continuaban las negociaciones
Exiguo museo en la ex hacienda de San Juan Chinameca se aferra al recuerdo de Zapata Con escasez de recursos , mantiene la memoria del general en el sitio donde fue asesinado Las anécdotas de la Revolución ya no les interesan a los jóvenes , andan en otro mundo
Presenta Cecilia Occelli libro biográfico Carlos Salinas es un hombre aguerrido , valiente y honesto , dice
Expectativas de que la SCJN libere a los 12 detenidos de Atenco y 2 indígenas queretanas Estos dos casos evidencian la criminalización de la protesta social , sostiene Edgar Cortez Las decisiones de la Corte sobre estos puntos deben empujar un cambio al sistema de justicia , señala
Preocupan a la CIDH hostigamiento y amenazas contra integrantes de la OPIM Destaca el organismo el caso de Obitila Eugenio Manuel , que fue amenazada de muerte Demanda a autoridades mexicanas proteger a defensores de garantías fundamentales
LN venderá cachitos por Internet La Lotería Nacional ( LN ) informó ayer del lanzamiento y venta por Internet de los cachitos y enteros de sus tradicionales sorteos , con lo que el organismo busca atraer a personas de entre 19 a 34 años de edad e incrementar así sus ventas en alrededor de 7 por ciento , informó el director de la LN , Benjamín González Roaro .
Continuar
Emiten senadores severas críticas por carta del embajador cubano Graco Ramírez solicita visa para visitar a presos disidentes en la isla Reprueban que otra autoridad ordene qué se debe discutir en el pleno
Fundación alemana ofrece becas a perseguidos políticos Periodista oaxaqueño , uno de los beneficiados
eknoGod and Darkblizz have successfully cracked Starcraft 2 beta with a working AI against computers .
Teknogods team , LazyTown has plans to emulate a Battle . net server in the near future , but for now , it ’s just comp stomp .
There has already been several releases of the cracked beta , currently the newest version is 5 , which has been made available yesterday .
Useful Resources :
by Richard L. Benkin ( April 2010 )
F or the past year , I have been saying that the political center in India is collapsing .
The re-election of the left - center Congress Party last year only masked this inevitable decline and had more to do with political dynamics in India and the fact that India has remained relatively unscathed from the recent world economic collapse .
The finale might not come this year , or maybe even next ; but it is coming , and when it does it will be with an explosion heard around the world .
I was in India for just over two weeks in February , and during that time alone noted :
• Relations with fellow nuclear power Pakistan deteriorated in a hail of harsh rhetoric and threats such that the Obama administration sent Senator John Kerry to try and “ calm ” tensions .
• Pakistan first refused to join in scheduled talks with India about the former ’s involvement in a 2008 terror attack that killed almost 200 Indians .
• A few days later , they agreed to talks only if they focused on Kashmir — a territorial dispute between the countries that has sparked skirmishes , continued terror and counter - terror operations , and all out wars between the two .
Like the Muslim players in the Middle East , Pakistan refused to budge on its unreasonable demands about scheduled talks , and the Indian government ultimately caved , resulting in talks that were fruitless even before they began .
The Obama administration urged the Indians to acquiesce to the Pakistani demands .
• While this was happening , Islamists launched another deadly terrorist attack , this time on Pune , a major Indian city of over 5,000,000 people , that at last count took 13 lives and left over five dozen injured .
• Initial investigations identified the terrorists as Indian citizens , known as Indian Mujahedeen who are committed to replacing India with an Islamic state .
• Subsequent investigations confirmed that fact and added that the operation likely was directed from Pakistan .
• The Indian government announced that American Islamist David Headley gave his captors information about the “ Karachi Project ” that was carried out by Pakistan ’s intelligence agency , the ISI .
He said the ISI brought sympathetic Indian Muslims to Pakistan , trained them in terrorist techniques , and returned them to India where they were to await further instructions to carry out terrorist attacks .
• Communist insurgents , known as Naxalites , abducted a government official in the state of Bihar and refused to release him until the government caved into their demands , one of which was for the Indian government to end its , very effective , military crackdown on the Maoist revolutionaries .
• Naxalites carried out a half dozen military operations against the government and people of India .
Among the many terror operations were at least two of particular note .
They launched a particularly gruesome attack on an unarmed paramilitary camp in which more than two dozen soldiers were shot or burned alive ; and an unknown number of wounded were seized and taken to undisclosed locations as hostages .
They also attacked an unarmed village in the Jamui district of Bihar because its inhabitants refused cooperate with their insurgency .
They murdered several villagers , including some who were burned alive when the Maoists torched homes in the village .
• Islamists carried out several terror attacks , mostly in Kashmir , but in other areas of India , as well .
The attacks killed both civilians and military personnel indiscriminately .
• The government ’s anti-terror squad prevented another half dozen Islamist terror attacks , seizing 200 kilograms of ammonium nitrate , 600 detonators , and 200 gel sticks from known Muslim terrorists , in one raid in Gujurat ( a state that has been a rallying cry for Islamists after violence there in 2002 .
The government also detained two British nationals caught at a hotel near the international airport with high - tech devices for monitoring and tracking air traffic .
• Students rioted — and as of the time I left were still rioting — at an Indian university in Hyderabad in the South of the country
At the time I left India , one student was near death after self - immolating as part of the protest .
Imagine the media coverage if any one of those things occurred in the United States .
Yet , from what I could glean from the Internet and other sources , it appears that our own media ( except for a few journals that ran my articles ) devoted far more ink to Tiger Woods than to all of these events combined .
India is a nuclear power , as is the United States .
India , like the US , is a major target of international jihadis .
Its other primary adversary also has nuclear weapons as do many of the United States ’ foes .
Both countries are among the largest and most populous nations on earth .
Both are among the world ’s most important economic powers .
And both countries are critical fighters if Islamist and communist imperialism and terror are to be defeated .
During my stays in South Asia , I have questioned current and former members of the military and intelligence services , as well as elected and appointed officials on all sides of the issues .
I also have spent a great deal of time with anti-jihadi and anti-communist activists ; and even took my camera into Delhi ’s bustling Connaught Place to interview everyday Indian citizens .
Americans should be troubled .
More and more Indians — as well as anti-jihadi Muslims in places like Bangladesh — are questioning the United States ' reliability as an ally in the war against radical Islam .
Indians are especially troubled over our continuing aid to Pakistan -- aid which even former Pakistani strongman Pervez Musharraf admitted had been channeled for use against India .
Most Indians find it incomprehensible and cannot explain it without relying on cynicism about domestic and international politics .
Moreover , the Obama administration 's policies have led most anti-Islamists to conclude that his administration would sacrifice allies like Indian and Israel if it meant even a superficial friendship from America 's worst enemies .
On the other side , active Islamists and more importantly , Muslim leaders have concluded that they are far more likely to wring concessions from the current occupant of the White House than they are to face any consequences for tolerating — or even supporting — those groups that would “ love ” nothing more “ than another 9/11 . ”
Finally , the Indian government ’s embarrassingly weak actions in the crisis with Islamist Pakistan and the Bihari state government ’s caving into communist Naxalite demands highlighted the growing gulf in the way Indians view their current crises .
While there were those who praised the Indian government ’s “ statesmanship ” and others who backed the Biharis because it meant the safe release of a hostage ; many more Indians disagreed with these decisions .
The latter sentiments seem to be gaining ground in India .
For instance , when Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh pledged to broker the crisis with Pakistan in an “ Obama - like ” fashion , it was met with little more than sarcasm and jeers .
Even the mainstream media , which is much more openly leftist there than in the United States , treated the PM ’s statement largely with contempt .
( This is the same media that screamed angry headlines about Pakistan showing “ its true colors , ” during the immediate crisis , but turned its attention to cricket as it ended to India ’s disadvantage . )
Many in the growing opposition expressed additional suspicion about what the government secretly agreed to give up out of weakness in its deal with the communists .
Prior to these events , the Indian government had been conducting a harsh and rather successful offensive against the Naxalites , who had wrested control over several parts of the country .
The communists in fact said it was the very reason for their stepped up terror and abduction .
But since these events , the offensive has been notably absent ; a situation not unlike the end to India ’s successful anti-terror offensives against Islamists in Kashmir after heavy pressure from the Obama administration last spring .
For most Indians , it is no longer clear on which side the United States will be when the inevitable explosion comes .
Nor is it clear to this American .
To comment on this article , please click here .
To help New English Review continue to publish interesting and informative articles such as this one , please click here .
If you have enjoyed this article and want to read more by Richard L. Benkin , please click here .
European countries are blocking Wall Street banks from lucrative deals to sell government debt worth hundreds of billions of euros in retaliation for their role in the credit crunch .
For the first time in five years , no big US investment bank appears among the top nine sovereign bond bookrunners in Europe , according to Dealogic data compiled for the Guardian .
Only Morgan Stanley ranks at number 10 .
Goldman Sachs does n't make the table .
Goldman made it to number five last year and in 2006 , and number eight in 2007 , the data shows .
JP Morgan was in the top ten last year and in 2007 and 2006 but does n't appear this year .
" Governments do not have the confidence that the excessive risk - taking culture of the big Wall Street banks has changed and they still cannot be trusted to put the stability of the financial system before profit , " said Arlene McCarthy , vice chair of the European parliament 's economic and monetary affairs committee .
" It is no surprise therefore that governments are reluctant to do business with banks that have failed to learn the lesson of the crisis .
The banks need to acknowledge the mistakes that were made and behave in an ethical way to regain the trust and confidence of governments . "
European sovereign bond league tables are now dominated by European banks such as Barclays Capital , Deutsche Bank , and Société Générale , the Dealogic table shows .
Their business model is usually seen as more relationship - based , while US investment banks have traditionally been focused on immediate deal - making .
Being left out of government bond sales means missing out on one of the top fee - earning opportunities this year , given the relative drought in mergers and acquisitions and stock market flotations .
Western European governments need to raise an estimated half a trillion dollars this year to refinance debts and pay for bank bailouts and rising unemployment .
Banks typically take a percentage of the total deal value for underwriting a bond issue , which could run into tens of millions given the ballooning sovereign debt sales this year .
On a 1 % fee , Barclays Capital would have pocketed $ 92 m ( £ 61 m ) from the $ 9.2 bn European bonds it helped sell this year .
Barclays may have profited as a domestic anchor of UK debt sales , as a certain level of " nationalism " has surfaced according to Philip Augar , author of Chasing Alpha and other books about investment banking .
" People have done as much as possible to take care of their own financial institutions , " Augar said .
The National Bank of Greece featured in the top 10 for the first time in at least five years , according to Dealogic .
Greece left Goldman and Morgan Stanley out of its most recent bond sale , and also dropped hedge funds from its list .
Petros Christodoulou , the head of Greece 's debt management office , told the Guardian the bond issue had been directed to more " long - term " investors as they were seeking market stability .
Greece has had tense relationships with Goldman recently after it emerged that the US bank had helped hide the real level of the country 's public debt with derivatives contracts .
The country also denied reports about the bank selling a stake of its debt to the Chinese government fund .
Investment banks insist their business areas are separated by confidentiality walls , but countries have been furious about some of their trades appearing to conflict – either on their own books , or on behalf of clients .
Goldman Sachs said its overall position in the European sovereign bond market had improved this quarter once US dollar denominated deals were included .
It said its own data showed it ranked fourth in European sovereign bond sales this year .
Greece , Spain , Germany and France are also pushing for changes in the credit default swap market , where investors can bet against the possible default of a country , ultimately bringing more instability .
Britain , Spain , Ireland and Belgium have not used Wall Street firms in the largest 10 deals of the year , according to Dealogic .
Britain used Barclays , Deutsche , RBS and Royal Bank of Canada in its $ 7bn issue last month , the data shows .
Spain has also used Santander , as well as Barclays , Citi and SocGen in recent issues .
Goldman Sachs , JP Morgan and Morgan Stanley have exploded in wealth and power over the past decade .
In their glass towers in Canary Wharf , or in Goldman Sachs ' European headquarters on Fleet Street , reception rooms regularly welcome prime ministers , world business leaders and multibillion - pound investors .
" The power of big investment banks was a factor in the banking crisis , and it's up to regulators and customers to stand up to them , and not picking them is one of the ways , " Augar said .
But the power accumulated is too large to wane , the author said .
" I doubt this will last , " he said .
" The US investment banks will be back in Europe before too long because they are very powerful and they have a very big footprint in Europe . "
The EU is also trying to curb US financial power by creating its own monetary fund – a replica of the Washington - based IMF .
The need of a European fund has emerged during the Greek crisis , as European politicians have insisted financial troubles should be resolved at home .
Sure Rep. Eric Massa , the Democrat from New York , who is married and has two children is facing allegations of harassing a male staffer .
But if you thought that constitutes a scandal , then you have n’t met Ghinedu Ehiem , a ceremonial usher for Pope Benedict XVI and member of St Peter ’s Basilica ’s choir , who was just exposed for his involvement in a gay prostitution ring .
Ehiem , a Nigerian , has been quickly dismissed by the Vatican after his name popped up in an investigation by Italian authorities into public works corruption ; this whole prostituting business came out later .
But he ’s not the only Vatican - enmeshed alleged criminal here .
Among four people arrested last month in the corruption probe was Angelo Balducci , a engineer who is a board member of Italy ’s public works department and a construction consultant to the Vatican .
Balducci was arrested on corruption charges and the allegations of prostitution emerged only later .
Balducci is also a member of an elite group called “ Gentlemen of His Holiness , ” ushers who are called to serve in the Vatican ’s Apostolic Palace on major occasions such as when the pope receives heads of state or presides at big events .
“ Gentlemen of His Holiness ” carried the coffin of the late Pope John Paul at his funeral in 2005 .
Excerpts of the wiretaps and police documents published in the Italian newspaper La Repubblica showed that Ehiem , 40 , had been in regular contact with Balducci before Balducci ’s arrest last month and the subject of their conversation was gay sex .
A police document prepared for magistrates and published in part by La Repubblica said Balducci was in contact with Ehiem and an Italian who were part of what the police called “ an organized network … to abet male prostitution . ”
Oh this is just delicious .
And we thought sexually abusing children would be the Vatican ’s ultimate reputation destroyer .
Burger King ’s reign as fast food royalty began in 1954 .
Today , the chain has more than 17,000 locations around the world .
From its famous Whopper to chicken sandwiches , salads , onion rings , and even breakfast , Burger King ’s menu has made it one of the most popular fast food restaurants in the world .
Starting with breakfast , you ’ll find a range of fast food favorites on Burger King ’s menu .
Choose from hamburgers and cheeseburgers with a side of fries or onion rings , chicken sandwiches , crispy chicken tenders , salads , and dessert .
To keep up with consumer demand and the competition , in recent years Burger King not only added a full breakfast menu with egg sandwiches , hash browns , and coffee drinks but also vegetarian - friendly burgers at select locations .
Before you go , review the nutrition information for Burger King ’s menu on the website .
If you follow a special diet or have food allergies , you ’ll also find information about the ingredients in Burger King ’s food .
Using these tools can help you estimate the calories , fat , carbohydrate , and sodium content of your order .
Having an idea of how your choices stack up can help you avoid becoming overwhelmed by your options and stick to a meal that fits your tastes , dietary needs , and overall health goals .
Making a healthy choice at the drive - thru can be tricky , but with a few simple tips and a solid understanding of the menu , it is possible to make nutritious choices Burger King .
What Experts Say “ Burger King has good side salad options to add veggies to any meal choice , as well as a vegetarian burger .
However , most menu options are lower in fiber and higher in sodium .
So if you ’re eating here on a regular basis , opt for higher fiber and lower sodium choices in your other meals to balance your intake . ” — Willow Jarosh , MS , RD
Navigating the Menu
Most Nutritious Options Egg and Cheese Croissan ’wich
Hamburger
Chicken Nuggets
Garden Side Salad
French Fries
Vanilla Soft Serve
Bottled Water Least Nutritious Options Ultimate Breakfast Platter
Rodeo King
Rodeo Crispy Chicken Sandwich
Chicken Club Salad
Onion Rings
Vanilla Shake with TWIX
Mocha Frappe
Breakfast
Burger King ’s breakfast menu includes egg and cheese sandwiches on biscuits or croissants , sausage and bacon , a stack of pancakes , and hash browns .
While Burger King ’s French Toast Sticks with syrup for dipping are lower in calories than other options on the breakfast menu , they ’re also low in protein .
Choosing a meal that ’s higher in protein will help keep you satisfied until it ’s time for lunch .﻿﻿
Most Nutritious Option
Egg and Cheese Croissan ’wich
340 calories , 18g fat , 8g saturated fat , 610 mg sodium , 29g carbohydrate , 4g sugar , and 12g protein
Least Nutritious Option
Ultimate Breakfast Platter
1230 calories , 70g fat , 23g saturated fat , 0.5g trans fat , 2550 mg sodium , 122g carbohydrate , 33g sugar , and 29g protein
Burgers
While Burger King is known for the Whopper , you ’ll also find typical fast food burger options on the menu .
To keep the calories , fat , and sodium content of your burger low , avoid double , triple , ( or more ) stacked burgers .
You can also save calories , fat , and carbs by loading up your burger with veggies instead of cheese , bacon , or onion rings .
When you ’re choosing a side , stick with a simple salad instead of fries or mozzarella sticks .
Most Nutritious Option
Hamburger
240 calories , 10g fat , 3.5g saturated fat , 0.5g trans fat , 380 mg sodium , 26g carbohydrate , 6g sugar , and 13g protein
Least Nutritious Option
Rodeo King
1250 calories , 82g fat , 31g saturated fat , 3.5g trans fat , 2270 mg sodium , 69g carbohydrate , 14g sugar , and 60g protein
Depending on how many patties you get , Burger King ’s Whoppers can be anywhere from 600 to more than 1200 calories .
If you want to go with the famous burger , choose the Whopper Jr. which has 310 calories and 18 grams of fat .
Chicken
You ’ll find a selection of crispy fried chicken items on Burger King ’s menu , such as sandwiches , nuggets , and even Chicken Fries .
Burger King only offers a couple of grilled chicken options .
However , when you add cheese and sauce , they wo n't necessarily be lower in calories and fat than smaller portions of fried versions .
Most Nutritious Option
Chicken Nuggets ( 4 pieces )
170 calories , 11g fat , 1.5g saturated fat , 310 mg sodium , 11g carbohydrate , 0g sugar , and 8g protein
Least Nutritious Option
Rodeo Crispy Chicken Sandwich
960 calories , 60g fat , 15g saturated fat , 1g trans fat , 2230 mg sodium , 72g carbohydrate , 14g sugar , and 33g protein
One way to make a lower - carb Grilled Chicken Sandwich at Burger King is to order it without the potato bun .
You ’ll save 200 calories but still get 34 grams of protein .
Salads
Burger King only offers a few salads — and they are n’t necessarily low - calorie options .
However , it is possible to customize your salad to maximize nutrition .
Skip extras like cheese and croutons , use a low - fat dressing sparingly , and go for grilled chicken rather than crispy fried , to make a healthier Burger King salad .
Most Nutritious Option
Garden Side Salad
60 calories , 4g fat , 2.5g saturated fat , 95 mg sodium , 3g carbohydrate , 2g sugar , and 4g protein
Least Nutritious Option
Chicken Club Salad
540 calories , 33g fat , 10g saturated fat , 1380 mg sodium , 31g carbohydrate , 5g sugar , and 31g protein
Sides
You ’ll find classic fast food sides at Burger King , like fries and onion rings , as well as some unique offerings like Chicken Fries and mozzarella sticks .
These sides are typically high calorie , high - carb , and have a lot of sodium .
However , you can find a smaller 4 - piece portion of Burger King ’s Chicken Nuggets on the side menu for 170 calories , 11 grams of fat , and 8 grams of protein .
Most Nutritious Option
French Fries ( Value )
220 calories , 10g fat , 1.5g saturated fat , 330 mg sodium , 31g carbohydrate , 0g sugar , and 3g protein
Least Nutritious Option
Onion Rings ( Large )
500 calories , 25g fat , 4.5g saturated fat , 1310 mg sodium , 64g carbohydrate , 7g sugar , and 5g protein
Dessert
The dessert options at Burger King are all high in calories , carbs , and sugar .
While you ’ll find some typical fast food sweet treats , like soft serve and shakes , Burger King also offers slices of pie , cookies , and mini cinnamon buns .
Most Nutritious Option
Vanilla Soft Serve ( without cone )
120 calories , 4g fat , 3g saturated fat , 100 mg sodium , 20g carbohydrate , 16g sugar , and 3g protein
Least Nutritious Option
Vanilla Shake with TWIX
780 calories , 23g fat , 15g saturated fat , 0.5g trans fat , 530 mg sodium , 127g carbohydrate , 107g sugar , and 16g protein
Beverages
Your best bet for a healthy drink at Burger King is a bottle of water .
However , depending on your dietary needs and preferences , there are some other low or no -calorie beverages , as well as a few that are low in sugar .
Just remember that soft drinks and other calorie - free beverages may contain artificial sweeteners or preservatives like aspartame , which you may prefer to avoid .﻿﻿
Most Nutritious Option
Nestle Pure Life Bottled Water
0 calories , 0g fat , 30 mg sodium , 0g carbohydrate , 0g sugar , and 0g protein
Least Nutritious Option
Mocha Frappe ( 20 oz )
510 calories , 13g fat , 8g saturated fat , 50 mg sodium , 87g carbohydrate , 71g sugar , and 12g protein
One beverage option that ’s unique to the Burger King menu is Frozen Coke .
The regular version of the slushy soda has 130 calories and 35 grams of sugar .
The Frosted Frozen Coke , which is mixed with soft serve , has 190 calories and 44 grams of sugar .
Diet - Specific Options
If you follow a specific diet , Burger King makes it easy to sort the menu according to your preferences .
Using the online tool , you can find menu items that are lower in calories , carbs , sugar , and sodium .
If you use the tool to sort Burger King ’s menu according to food allergens , you can also find options without meat or gluten .
Gluten - free
If you avoid gluten or wheat , you may find some options on Burger King ’s menu that could work for your diet .
If you have Celiac disease , you should know that no item on Burger King ’s menu is guaranteed gluten - free .
Burger King does not recommend its list of gluten - free - friendly foods ( which do not contain gluten , wheat , oats , or barley ) to customers who have Celiac disease .
As with many restaurants , Burger King ’s food is prepared in a shared kitchen .
Even if you order a meal without gluten or wheat - containing ingredients , it may come into contact with allergens during storage , prep , or cooking ( such as in a shared fryer ) .
Items on Burger King ’s menu that may be suitable for a gluten - free diet include :
Eggs
Hamburger Patty
Tendergrill Chicken Filet
Garden Fresh Salad mix
Chocolate , Vanilla , and Strawberry Shakes
Low - carb
Hamburger
Hash Browns ( small )
Chicken Nuggets ( 4 pieces )
Value Menu Cheeseburger
Garden Side Salad with Ken ’s Ranch Dressing
Diabetes - Friendly
Whopper Jr.
Fries ( Value )
Double Hamburger
Breakfast Burrito Jr.
Club Salad with Grilled Chicken
Low - fat
Hamburger
Veggie Burger
Spicy Crispy Chicken Jr.
Egg and Cheese Croissan ’wich
Vanilla Soft Serve ( cup or cone )
Low - sodium
Whopper Jr.
French Toast Sticks
Chicken Nuggets ( 4 pieces )
Chocolate Chip or M&M Cookie
Garden Side Salad ( no dressing or croutons )
Vegetarian & Vegan
In 2018 , Burger King made its foray into meatless meat with a Veggie Burger made with Morningstar Farms patties ) .
Starting in 2019 , the chain will be rolling out an Impossible Whopper nationwide made with vegan patties by Impossible Foods .
If these burgers have n’t arrived at your location ( or they are n’t to your liking ) there are a few other options that can work for a vegan or vegetarian diet .
Vegan - friendly items at Burger King may include :
Dutch Apple Pie
French Toast Sticks
Garden Side Salad ( no dressing )
“ Veggie Sandwich ” ( Whopper Jr. with no meat or mayo )
If your local Burger King offers Quaker Oats Maple Brown Sugar Oatmeal , the option can be made vegan if you ask for it to be prepared with water instead of milk .
While Burger King ’s fries and hash browns are made from potato , they are fried in the same fryer as items that may not be vegan .
Whether or not you choose fries as a viable option will depend on the type of vegan diet you follow .
If you follow a vegetarian diet , you can also choose from :
Pancakes
Cheesy Tots , Onion Rings
Cookies , Shakes , and Soft Serve
Club or Garden Salad ( no chicken )
Egg ‘n Cheese Breakfast Sandwich
Food Allergies and Safety
Burger King makes information about the ingredients used to create its menu readily available for diners to review as a PDF .
If you have a food allergy , you ’ll want to consult this information or use the interactive menu- sorting tool before placing your order .
Common food allergens found in Burger King ’s menu include :
Soy
Milk
Fish
Eggs
Wheat
Peanuts
Tree Nuts
You can also sort the menu to show items prepared on equipment that may have come into contact with peanuts , soy , wheat , milk , or gluten .
While some menu items may not include a particular food allergen , your meal still may have come into contact with the allergen during the storage or preparation process .
Due to the risk of cross-contamination , it ’s always best to talk to your doctor about how to safely order fast food and exercise caution when dining out .﻿﻿
A Word From Verywell
You ’ll find all your fast food favorites on Burger King ’s menu , but you may be surprised by the other options you ’ll have to choose from .
The chain offers vegetarian - friendly burgers and offers a vegan version of its famous Whopper in some locations .
Depending on your tastes and dietary needs , it ’s possible to order a relatively nutritious meal at Burger King as long as you keep a few simple tips in mind : stick to smaller portions , choose grilled meat over fried , and skip any extra sauces and toppings .
Les clients de l’opérateur mobile virtuel , installé sur le réseau Orange , ne peuvent plus profiter des services 3G par iPhone .
C’est Apple qui bloque tous les MVNO , selon Virgin Mobile .
Pourquoi les services 3G sur iPhone ne marchent plus sur le réseau Virgin Mobile ?
Selon le site Internet de l’Express , UFC - Que Choisir est intriguée par ce dysfonctionnement .
L’association de défense des consommateurs a décidé de faire du bruit sur le sujet en contactant la direction de l’opérateur mobile virtuel concerné ( Virgin mobile est une propriété d’Omer Telecom en France ) , qui est hébergé sur le réseau d’Orange , mais aussi la branche européenne d’Apple .
L’Autorité de régulation des communications électroniques et des Postes ( ARCEP ) et l’Autorité de la Concurrence ont également été mises dans la boucle .
Selon les premiers arguments fournis à l’Express .
fr par Virgin Mobile , Apple refuserait de fournir les données nécessaires à la configuration du réseau 3G .
Un blocage qui viserait uniquement les opérateurs mobiles virtuels en France , tous réseaux confondus .
En revanche , les trois opérateurs historiques ( Orange , SFR et Bouygues Telecom ) ne sont pas concernés .
En tout cas , c’est un sérieux handicap pour les MVNO qui ne peuvent pas profiter de la manne Internet mobile qui plaît aux jeunes consommateurs et qui peine à gagner des parts de marché dans la téléphonie mobile .
Selon le Suivi des Indicateurs Mobiles de l’ARCEP ( chiffres au 31 décembre 2009 ) , les MVNO disposent d’une part de marché de 5,93 % sur le marché de la téléphonie mobile en France .
A lire également : Dossier spécial : l’effet iPhone 3G
The most ominous reminder is right along the rafters of Sun Life Stadium .
Decorating the ballpark are tributes to countless athletes who ’ve graced Miami with their greatness .
There ’s Dan Marino , Bob Griese , Paul Warfield , Dwight Stephenson , and on and on .
They all have one thing in common .
Not a single one of them played for the Florida Marlins .
On my first visit , I was upset over what I perceived as mistreatment of their baseball tenants .
Not only was the venue ( at the time ) called Dolphin Stadium , but even in the middle of baseball season there was nothing for the eye to explore except the names of old football players .
To add insult to injury , I could make out hash marks on the field .
I was half - expecting to find the goal posts still up .
I said to myself , “ Why do n’t these clowns put up any of the Marlins legends !
You know , like … ”
And that ’s when it dawned on me .
Even though the Florida Marlins have two World Series titles ( 1997 and 2003 ) , they still do n’t have a franchise player .
I thought about players like third baseman Gary Sheffield and righthanded pitcher Kevin Brown .
They were heroes of the 1997 team , but their Marlins days were just a blip in their careers and they were gone within a year of the crowning .
Catcher Ivan Rodriguez was the heart and soul of the 2003 team , yet it was his only season wearing teal .
Josh Beckett was the homegrown pitching hero that year and he was traded two seasons later ( for a certain shortstop ) .
Charles Johnson and Jeff Conine spent the most time in Miami and are probably the only ones who ’d identify themselves as Marlins above any other team .
Both were dealt shortly after the 1997 World Series only to return to Miami where Jeff Conine received another ring with the 2003 Champs .
Johnson and Conine were both very good ballplayers , each two - time all - stars , and probably the best candidates to have their numbers retired and displayed on the rafters .
But their longevity , numbers , and names do n’t jump out the way a Stan Musial does in St. Louis or an Al Kaline in Detroit .
They ’re more like their respective Cardinals and TIgers teammates , third baseman Whitey Kurowski and centerfielder Jim Northrup ; important contributors but not quite franchise icons .
Because of a perpetually fluctuating roster and bottom - feeding payroll , the Marlins have never developed an identity and this for me is a major reason they ’ve yet to maintain a considerable fan following in south Florida .
That ’s where Hanley Ramirez comes in .
THE HOPE OF HANLEY
The Marlins stepped up and signed both their superstar shortstop and their ace pitcher to long - term contracts in the last year .
While righty Josh Johnson is signed through 2013 , Ramirez ’s deal goes another year to 2014 .
With a retractable domed stadium opening up in Miami for the 2012 season , the Marlins anticipate an increase in revenue which fans dearly hope will be invested back into the roster .
Major League Baseball has publically taken the Marlins owner Jeffrey Loria to task about hording their revenue gains .
The signings of both Ramirez and Johnson are , if nothing else , a bold statement to their fans that the Marlins are serious about winning in the future .
As good as Josh Johnson is , a perennial Cy Young Award candidate , it is the everyday player who carries the franchise on his shoulder .
Johnson can perform wonders every fifth day , but it ’s Hanley Ramirez who can do something to affect the outcome of every single game .
Chris Carpenter and Adam Wainwright are awful good in St. Louis , but it ’s Albert Pujols ’s team .
Johan Santana was outstanding in Minnesota , but the Twins dealt him and gave the money to catcher Joe Mauer .
The New York Yankees have had a parade of standout pitchers over the years , but it ’s the shortstop Derek Jeter who became the unquestioned leader .
I see it as the same in south Florida .
For me , the fate of this franchise rests on Hanley Ramirez .
If the Marlins are to became a stable franchise , win another championship , and gain a foothold of support among local sports fans , it will be because of Hanley Ramirez .
There ’s no questioning Ramirez ’s five - tool talent , he is perhaps the most athletically gifted player in the major leagues right now .
He ’s put together four very strong seasons for the Marlins culminating with the 2009 batting crown .
Ramirez hit 24 home runs , 106 RBIs , and stole 27 bases to go with his league - leading .342 average .
He has the ultra - quick feet and powerful arm to make the most difficult plays at shortstop and he ’s even cut his errors from 26 to 24 to 22 to 10 .
To watch a 6 ’ 3 ” man perform acrobatics is plenty impressive , but now that he ’s also making the routine plays , it ’s downright scary .
While I think highly of Jimmy Rollins , who ’s won the National League shortstop gold glove the last three years , I believe the N.L. coaches will be forced to consider Hanley for the award in 2010 .
In terms of pure talent , pure athletic talent , I ’d put Ramirez just a hair below Alex Rodriguez among major league shortstops over the last 30 years I ’ve watched baseball .
I ’d put him just over multi-dimensional greats like Robin Yount and Barry Larkin and believe he ’s capable of enjoying every bit the careers they had .
At age 27 , there ’s plenty more to come if he wants it .
IT TAKES MORE THAN JUST TALENT AND NUMBERS TO BE A FRANCHISE PLAYER
I praise Hanley Ramirez as a player now but I was probably his harshest critic just three years ago when I scouted him on my pro coverage for the St. Louis Cardinals .
While I thought the same of his abilities then as now and his numbers were indisputable , Ramirez struck me as a “ rotisserie player ” when I watched him on a daily basis .
I use that term to describe players who are not as good as their stats indicate because they make better fantasy league players than they do flesh - and - blood ballplayers .
I believed that simply because Ramirez choked up in pressure situations .
I have no statistic to give you , only that when a key double play needed to be turned , or he needed to put the bat on the ball to get in the go - ahead run from third , Ramirez was a different ballplayer , noticeably uncomfortable and unable to deliver .
I questioned his teamwork because he would n’t adjust his swing to the situation .
The annual 20 + errors always came in the worst situations .
They ’re the kinds of things you do n’t notice unless you watch the team everyday .
Having seen
Hanley struggle in those situations during the regular season , I ’d feared that he would not be an impact player in the playoffs .
I just did n’t see that Reggie Jackson / Kirk Gibson killer mentality to thrive under the hottest spotlight , I did n’t see a franchise player in the truest sense .
I still have my share of doubts in that direction , but I will say Ramirez has improved in the last year .
I see a team player today , and a more confident player in the clutch .
The defensive improvement is particularly commendable .
So the question remains , can Hanley Ramirez lead the Marlins to another World Series ?
Is he that kind of player ?
A great player not only puts up great numbers , but he makes his teammates better and wins championships .
For some reason , you hear that more in other professional sports leagues , like the NBA where Bill Russell ’s and Michael Jordan ’s worth are measured in rings , not statistics .
I believe it should be the same the same in baseball .
It ’s more of an individual sport in many aspects , but it ’s still important for the baseball superstar to have leadership qualities in the clubhouse and the ability to make his teammates better on the field .
I ’m not around the clubhouse to say if Ramirez is like that , or if he ’s capable of such a presence , but that ’s what it ’s going to take for it all to come together in every way for the Florida Marlins franchise .
WHEN WILL HANLEY BE APPRECIATED ?
For Hanley Ramirez to reach the local pantheon of Dan Marino and Miami Heat superstar Dwyane Wade , it ’s going to take more than just putting up great numbers .
In terms of talent and ability , Hanley Ramirez may very well be the baseball equivalent of Wade and Marino .
It ’s no stretch at all , though you would never guess it by his lack of media attention .
Hanley does n’t do T - Mobile commercials with Charles Barkley or movies with Jim Carrey .
However the national baseball audience did show some level of appreciation last summer .
Ramirez decisively defeated Jimmy Rollins in the National League All - Star shortstop vote , 3.2 Million to 2.2 Million , despite the much bigger crowds drawn by the Phillies at Citizens Bank Park .
The advent of internet voting has a leveling effect , but players of teams who draw well at home will always have an advantage .
The fact that Ramirez got so much of the national vote is an indication that true baseball fans know all about him even though the local and casual sports fan is less aware .
Though Hanley Ramirez is much less recognizable on the local sports scene than Dwyane Wade , he has the potential to become much more .
His Dominican , Spanish - speaking upbringing should have made him even more of a smash hit in Miami , where the populace is largely Cuban and Hispanic .
His English is conversant enough that I ’m shocked he has n’t received more local endorsements .
It ’s going to take a championship and it ’s going to take Hanley at the forefront , as a long - term Marlin and the face of the franchise .
First the Marlins have to hang onto him throughout the remaining five years of his contract .
Signing him is one thing , keeping him is another .
The way it ’s back - loaded and absent of a no - trade clause , the Marlins can still back out of their deal .
Ramirez gets paid $ 7 Million this year , then $ 11 Million in 2011 .
It bumps up to $ 15 M , $ 15.5 M , and $ 16 M the last three years .
There ’s nothing to stop the Marlins from dumping his contract in the meantime .
Second , Ramirez will simply have to deliver both on the field and in the clubhouse , seize control as the team ’s superstar , and take them to new heights .
He ’s in a unique situation with great pressure but a tremendous reward if he comes through .
As the Florida Marlins embark on 2010 , here ’s one local baseball fan who wants to see it all happen .
Hanley Ramirez needs to become the much - needed face of the franchise and the Marlins must finally stake their claim to a passionate baseball city and become a National League force for years to come .
The two are inseparable .
Washington ( CNN ) --
The District of Columbia 's same - sex marriage law will go into effect as scheduled this week , after the Supreme Court refused to stop its enforcement .
Chief Justice John Roberts issued a three - page order Tuesday , a day before the law becomes official .
He concluded the high court should defer to local matters in the federal district of Washington .
And he said a separate ballot initiative to overturn the law would give voters a chance to weigh in on the question .
A group of Washington residents had objected to the Religious Freedom and Civil Marriage Equality Amendment Act , which expands the definition of marriage to include same - sex couples .
Those opponents had argued city residents should have been given a chance to vote on the high - profile issue before the city council passed the measure .
They still seek to force a ballot initiative after the law takes effect .
Local courts had turned down various lawsuits to block it .
The district 's marriage bureau says same - sex couples can begin applying for marriage licenses Wednesday .
However , by law , " three full days must pass between the day of application to the day that the license can be issued , " the bureau , part of the district 's superior court system , says on its
Web site , so no marriages would be held this week .
A $ 35 application fee is waived for couples who are registered domestic partners , although a $ 10 fee for the license is not , the bureau said .
District of Columbia Mayor Adrian
Fenty signed a measure recognizing same - sex marriages as legal in December , after the city council overwhelming passed it .
It then had to go through a review period during which Congress had an opportunity to intervene .
The district joins Connecticut , New Hampshire , Vermont , Massachusetts and Iowa in allowing same - sex couples to marry .
North Korea 's nuclear programme has heightened regional tensions
North Korea has issued a New Year message calling for an end to hostile relations with the US .
A statement carried in major newspapers said Pyongyang also wanted " a lasting peace system on the Korean Peninsula " .
In response , a US State Department official said North Korea should show its good faith by returning to six - party talks on its nuclear programme .
In early December , the North said talks with a special US envoy had narrowed differences between the two sides .
The North Korean regime traditionally marks New Year 's Day with a joint editorial in the country 's three major newspapers .
Analysts say the statement is examined carefully for clues to Pyongyang 's policies for the coming year .
" The fundamental task for ensuring peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula and in the rest of Asia is to put an end to the hostile relationship between the DPRK ( North Korea ) and the USA , " state news agency KCNA quoted the editorial as saying .
" It is the consistent stand of the DPRK to establish a lasting peace system on the Korean Peninsula and make it nuclear - free through dialogue and negotiations , " it said .
In Washington , a State Department official urged North Korea to return to the six - party talks , AFP news agency reported .
" Actions speak louder than words , " the official said , speaking on condition of anonymity .
" A good step forward would be to return to six - party talks . "
Pyongyang pulled out of the talks last April following widespread condemnation of a long - range missile launch .
International pressure grew following a nuclear test in May - which drew UN sanctions and further missile tests .
But in December , North Korea said it would work with the US to " narrow remaining differences " following a visit to Pyongyang by US President Barack Obama 's special envoy Stephen Bosworth .
Here ’s a piece of perfect voice casting .
Deadline says Paul Reubens , the man who made Pee - wee Herman , has been cast as Jokey Smurf in Sony ’s live action / CGI combo .
Already in the cast smurfing it up are Neil Patrick Harris , George Lopez , Quentin Tarantino , Katy Perry , Alan Cumming , Sofia Vergara , Hank Azaria , Jonathan Winters , and Michael Cera .
The assumption on this movie all along has pretty much been that it ’s a terrible idea .
But maybe it ’s time to rethink that position .
Take a good , long , look at that voice cast .
That ’s a lot of talent .
More than that , these are talented people who do n’t do just anything .
Paul Reubens mostly does things that are good .
Neil Patrick Harris makes even horrible movies awesome .
Jonathan Winters is nine - hundred - years - old and in retirement .
Would he really come back to work for voice work a throwaway cash - in ?
Maybe they know something we do n’t .
Whether or not the movie ’s any good , what ’s certain is that Reubens is perfect voice casting .
Compare his voice to that of the original Jokey Smurf below :
A galaxy some 10 billion light years from Earth is – or was – producing stars at a prodigious rate .
And Albert Einstein 's gravitational " magnifying glass " has been giving astronomer 's a front - row seat .
The galaxy in question : SMMJ2135-0102 .
It came to light as an international team of astronomers was observing a vast cluster of galaxies roughly 4.5 billion light years away .
Their data revealed a very bright galaxy that appeared to be adjacent to the cluster .
It was a galaxy no one had observed before .
The team measured the new galaxy 's red- shift , a trait astronomers can use to estimate distance .
Members were stunned to find the galaxy was more than twice as far away as the cluster they were studying .
In effect , they were observing a galaxy in the form it had only about 3.5 billion years after the Big Bang , which formed the observable universe .
As Eintein 's theory of general relativity predicted , the cluster 's enormous gravity was bending light from the new galaxy behind it , turning the cluster into a vast magnifying glass .
The lensing is strong enough to boost the apparent size of the new galaxy some 32 times .
The galaxy already was intrinsically bright because of the high rate at which new stars were forming in it .
With magnification , the galaxy appeared brighter still .
" The magnification reveals the galaxy in unprecedented detail , " notes Mark Swinbank , an astronomer at the University of Durham in Britain and a member of the team making the discovery .
The initial discovery was made with a European - run submillimeter telescope in Chile 's Atacama desert .
Follow - up observations at submillimeter wavelengths have allowed the team to study three large regions where vast clouds of dust and gas are acting as nurseries for new stars .
Gravitational lensing , combined with the resolving power of the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics ' submillimeter array on Hawaii's Mauna Kea volcano , is revealing clouds a few hundred light years across – comparable in size to large clouds in the Milky Way .
Although the star forming regions the team has observed are about as large as those in the Milky Way , they are 100 times brighter , reinforcing the notion that star formation back then was far more vigorous than it is today .
Team member Steven Longmore , with the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics in Cambridge , Mass. , notes that more of these galaxies are likely to show up as astronomers conduct surveys of large regions of the night sky .
Studying additional galactic teenagers " will allow us to test exactly how generic our results are :
Is the star formation occurring within galaxies in the early Universe always so vigorous ?
Or are we catching this particular galaxy at a very special time ? " he said in a statement .
The team 's results appear in the current issue of the journal Nature .
From next Tuesday , ABC2 begins screening The Daily Show with Jon Stewart .
The often outrageous political show will air Tuesday – Fridays from 7:15 pm with The Daily Show Global Edition to air on Mondays beginning March 15th .
It had previously aired some years ago on SBS .
It will be followed by The Colbert Report at 7:35 pm weeknights .
That makes 45 minutes of biting US satire every night for those who are looking for alternatives .
Expect trouble .
Related
Many instances of malware on Windows - based systems masquerade themselves as system services -- the various independent processes that respond to requests from both the operating system and applications with functions that users typically need .
Network connectivity and printing are among the more common Windows services ; and if you 've ever perused the processes list of Task Manager ( or , better yet , Process Explorer ) , you 'll find these processes are represented by the single .EXE file that hosts them , svchost.exe .
Any anti-virus database looking for a rogue system service will probably have to refer to svchost .
exe as the process that launches it , even though that process is clearly part of Windows itself .
On Wednesday , McAfee distributed a .DAT file to many of its enterprise customers that may have had a single faulty character .
As a result , their anti-virus systems successfully quarantined not the service launched by svchost .exe , but svchost . exe itself .
" Having talked to literally hundreds of my colleagues around the world and e-mailed thousands to try and find the best way to correct these issues , let me say this has not been my favorite day .
Not for me , or for McAfee .
Not by a long shot , " wrote the company 's executive vice president for customer support , Barry McPherson , late Wednesday .
" Mistakes happen .
No excuses .
The nearly 7,000 employees of McAfee are focused right now on two things , in this order .
First , help our customers who have been affected by this issue get back to business as usual .
And second , once that is done , make sure we put the processes in place so this never happens again . "
Advertisement
Wednesday 's single , solitary false positive triggered a wave of collective , true negatives from the user community .
" Using PR fuzzies like ' protect our customers from a seemingly endlessly multiplying variety and volume of attacks ' and 'we wanted to protect our customers , as we have done successfully thousands and thousands of times before , ' you sound less concerned with your company 's screw up and more concerned about image .
I pay your company to protect my computers , " wrote Mike O. , " and I do n't care what you 've done in the past .
That is your job .
When I am staring at a fleet of rebooting machines your past performance is meaningless .
Here 's some unsolicited advice : Just stick to facts and contrition .
As a customer my only concern is the answer to the question , ' What have you done for me lately ? ' "
Other users raised the question of whether the fault in the .DAT file constitutes legal negligence -- something that could be prosecuted .
Others questioned how they were supposed to access McAfee technical support through their non-working computers ( where one of the first messages of response they see , even as of now , advises customers not to reboot their systems ) .
And one message from a self - titled security geek began by sarcastically thanking McPherson for his support , before going on : " I 'm angry because you wasted a day 's work for me and my colleagues .
I 'm angry because your ' support ' achieved nothing .
I 'm angry because your apologies are meaningless because this will happen again as it has happened before .
Most of all , I 'm angry because there 's nothing I can do because as a geek I must merely work around the flaws in products from whichever vendor spent most time sucking up to our purchasing manager .
Maybe a decision - maker will read this .
Maybe not . "
Early Friday morning , McAfee posted what it calls a " SuperDAT Remediation Tool , " that promises to suppress the driver that triggers the false positive and that forces svchost .
exe into quarantine .
Acknowledging the fact that computers whose svchost .
exe files are already in quarantine can't access the Internet anyway ( since that 's a service hosted by that very file ) , McAfee advises customers to use a working computer to download the file , save it to " portable media , " then take it to the impacted computer and run it from there .
One problem , in this era after the death of the floppy diskette , is that for many systems , " portable media " means " USB thumb drive . "
And that 's another service that 's hosted by svchost.exe .
Well before McAfee published its Remediation Tool , an independent IT specialist named David Blankenship -- whose own company was affected by the false positive on Wednesday -- devised his own solution and posted it to his Windows Live space .
The solution involves extracting the original svchost .
exe file from the Windows installation disc , copying them to a CD or USB ( again , the latter may not work ) , rebooting the affected system ( something McAfee advises customers not to do ) , log in as an administrator under safe mode , then restore that file to its rightful location .
The procedure also involves manually restoring the corrected version of McAfee 's .DAT file .
To be complete , Blankenship included a Step 12 , which apparently many users obediently followed : " Send hate - mail to McAfee for ruining your day . "
The damage to users ' systems is unlikely to be permanent ; unless desperate users tried drastic steps without considering the ramifications , their file systems will likely remain intact .
What will have been lost could be measured in a few days ' work time , but probably not the work itself .
However , this incident does expose the reality of a single point of failure introduced into users ' systems everywhere through the introduction of what 's supposed to be a security program .
The one false character in McAfee 's .
DAT file ( assuming that 's the cause ) provided customers with more of a nuisance than most malware is capable of achieving on its own .
While McAfee concerns itself , as it should , with restoring its reputation , it might also want to take the time to consider another " r " word : rearchitecture .
From left , Rice physicist Rui-Rui Du , graduate students Chi Zhang and Yanhua Dai , and former postdoctoral researcher Tauno Knuuttila ( not pictured ) have found that odd groupings of ultracold electrons could be useful in making fault - tolerant quantum computers .
Credit : Jeff Fitlow / Rice University
There are enticing new findings this week in the worldwide search for materials that support fault - tolerant quantum computing .
New results from Rice University and Princeton University indicate that a bizarre state of matter that acts like a particle with one - quarter electron charge also has a " quantum registry " that is immune to information loss from external perturbations .
The research appeared online April 21 in Physical Review Letters .
The team of physicists found that ultracold mixes of electrons caught in magnetic traps could have the necessary properties for constructing fault - tolerant quantum computers -- future computers that could be far more powerful than today 's computers .
The mixes of electrons are dubbed " 5/2 quantum Hall liquids " in reference to the unusual quantum properties that describe their makeup .
" The big goal , the whole driving force , besides deep academic curiosity , is to build a quantum computer out of this , " said the study 's lead author Rui-Rui Du , professor of physics at Rice .
" The key for that is whether these 5 / 2 liquids have ' topological ' properties that would render them immune to the sorts of quantum perturbations that could cause information degradation in a quantum computer . "
Du said the team 's results indicate the 5/2 liquids have the desired properties .
In the parlance of condensed - matter physics , they are said to represent a " non-Abelian " state of matter .
Non-Abelian is a mathematical term for a system with " noncommutative " properties .
In math , commutative operations , like addition , are those that have the same outcome regardless of the order in which they are carried out .
So , one plus two equals three , just as two plus one equals three .
In daily life , commutative and noncommutative tasks are commonplace .
For example , when doing the laundry , it does n't matter if the detergent is added before the water or the water before the detergent , but it does matter if the clothes are washed before they 're placed in the dryer .
" It will take a while to fully understand the complete implications of our results , but it is clear that we have nailed down the evidence for ' spin polarization , ' which is one of the two necessary conditions that must be proved to show that the 5/2 liquids are non-Abelian , " Du said .
" Other research teams have been tackling the second condition , the one - quarter charge , in previous experiments . "
The importance of the noncommutative quantum properties is best understood within the context of fault - tolerant quantum computers , a fundamentally new type of computer that has n't been built yet .
Computers today are binary .
Their electrical circuits , which can be open or closed , represent the ones and zeros in binary bits of information .
In quantum computers , scientists hope to use " quantum bits , " or qubits .
Unlike binary ones and zeros , the qubits can be thought of as little arrows that represent the position of a bit of quantum matter .
The arrow might represent a one if it points straight up or a zero if it points straight down , but it could also represent any number in between .
In physics parlance , these arrows are called quantum " states . "
And for certain complex calculations , being able to represent information in many different states would present a great advantage over binary computing .
The upshot of the 5/2 liquids being non-Abelian is that they have a sort of " quantum registry , " where information does n't change due to external quantum perturbations .
" In a way , they have internal memory of their previous state , " Du said .
The conditions needed to create the 5/2 liquids are extreme .
At Rice , Tauno Knuuttila , a former postdoctoral research scientist in Du's group , spent several years building the " demagnetization refrigerator " needed to cool 5 - millimeter squares of ultrapure semiconductors to within one - 10,000th of a degree of absolute zero .
It took a week for Knuuttila to simply cool the nearly one - ton instrument to the necessary temperature for the Rice experiments .
The gallium arsenide semiconductors used in the tests are the most pure on the planet .
They were created by Loren Pfieiffer , Du's longtime collaborator at Princeton and Bell Labs .
Rice graduate student Chi Zhang conducted additional tests at the National High Magnetic Field Laboratory in Tallahassee , Fla. , to verify that the 5/2 liquid was spin- polarized .
Explore further ' Self - correcting ' gates advance quantum computing
Officers caught beating student on video had blamed injuries on their horses
Three Maryland police officers were caught beating an unarmed student following post - basketball game revelry in a videotape released Monday .
The incident , recorded in part by another student Mar. 3 following a Maryland basketball victory , shows several officers in riot gear beating the student with batons .
The officers deliver roughly a dozen blows as the student crumples to the ground .
ADVERTISEMENT
John McKenna , 21 , was subsequently charged with “ felonies on suspicion of assaulting officers on horseback and their mounts , ” but prosecutors dropped charges Monday as the video was released .
“ The video shows the charging documents were nothing more than a cover , a fairy tale they made up to cover for the officers ’ misconduct , ” Christopher A. Griffiths , a lawyer for the student , told the Washington Post .
“ The video shows gratuitous violence against a defenseless individual . ”
The Post notes that the beating “ occurred March 3 near the university ’s College Park campus after the Maryland men ’s basketball team defeated Duke .
After the game , students took to the streets to celebrate .
Twenty - eight people were arrested or cited , sparking a debate between police and students over how and when it is appropriate to break up a group of revelers . ”
The video shows McKenna on the sidewalk as he skips and throws his arms in the air .
He stops about five feet from an officer on horseback , the video shows .
In the video , McKenna ’s arms appear to be in front of him , but he does not appear to touch the officer or the horse .
His hands are empty .
McKenna backs up , then two county police riot officers rush toward him from the street , the video shows .
The officers slam McKenna against a wall and beat him with their batons .
McKenna crumples to the ground .
As McKenna falls , a third county police riot officer strikes his legs and torso with his baton .
The video shows the officers striking an unresisting McKenna about the head , torso and legs — more than a dozen blows in all .
Other riot police officers on horseback who are captured on tape do n’t intervene as the student is beaten to the ground .
ADVERTISEMENT
In charging the student , police initially said McKenna and another student “ provoked the beating ” by attacking the mounted officers .
The Post reports that the charging documents asserted that the horses , rather than the officers , had injured McKenna — a claim impossible to defend once the video of the incident went public .
An ABC News affiliate reported Tuesday that one of the officers has been suspended and several others could be fired .
“ Some of these characters ought to go to jail , ” McKenna ’s family said in a statement to ABC .
“ Some ought to merely be booted off the force , and the remainder should be properly trained to discover that force is not always necessary , and brutality is always wrong . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The Post has more details here .
This video is from The Washington Post , broadcast April 12 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
EDITOR ’S NOTE :
This story has been altered from its original version .
It was expanded to provide more detail about the incident .
By James A. Whittaker
W. Edwards Deming helped to revolutionize the process of manufacturing automobiles in the 1970s and a decade later the software industry ran with the manufacturing analogy and the result was nearly every waterfall , spiral or agile method we have .
Some like TQM , Cleanroom and Six Sigma are obvious descendants of Deming while others were just heavily influenced by his thinking .
Deming was the man .
I repeat , was .
My time testing in Google 's data center makes it clear that this analogy just does n't fit anymore .
I want a new one .
And I want one that helps me as a tester .
I want one that better guides my behavior .
We just do n't write or release software the way we used to .
Software is n't so much built as it is grown .
Software is n't shipped ... it 's simply made available by , often literally , the flip of a switch .
This is not your father 's software .
21st century development is a seamless path from innovation to release where every phase of development , including release , is happening all the time .
Users are on the inside of the firewall in that respect and feedback is constant .
If a product is n't compelling we find out much earlier and it dies in the data center .
I fancy these dead products serve to enrich the data center , a digital circle of life where new products are built on the bones of the ones that did n't make it .
In our father 's software and Deming 's model we talk about quality control and quality assurance while we play the role of inspector .
In contrast , my job seems much more like that of an attending physician .
In fact , a medical analogy gives us some interesting parallels to think about software testing .
A physician 's hospital is our data center , there is always activity and many things are happening in parallel .
Physicians have patients ; we have applications and features .
Their medical devices are our infrastructure and tools .
I can picture my application 's features strewn across the data center in little virtual hospital beds .
Over here is the GMail ward , over there is Maps .
Search , of course , has a wing of its own and Ads , well , they all have private rooms .
In a hospital records are important .
There are too many patients with specific medical conditions and treatment histories for any physician to keep straight .
Imagine walking up to the operating table without examination notes and diagnoses ?
Imagine operating without a constant stream of real time health data ?
Yet as software testers we find ourselves in this situation often .
That app lying in our data center has been tested before .
It has been treated before .
Where are our medical notes ?
So let 's add little clipboards to the virtual data center beds in which our apps lay .
Let 's add equipment to take vitals and display them for any attending tester to see .
Like human patients , apps have a pulse , data runs through code paths like blood through veins .
There are important things happening , countable events that lead to statistics , indicators and create a medical history for an attending tester to use in whatever procedure they must now perform .
The work of prior testers need not be ignored .
It 's an unsettling aspect of the analogy that I have put developers in the role of creator , but so be it .
Like other metaphorical creators before them they have spawned intrinsically flawed creatures .
Security is their cancer , privacy their aging .
Software is born broken and only some things can be fixed .
The cancer of security can only be managed .
Like actual aging , privacy is a guarantee only young software enjoys .
Such is the life of a data center app .
But it is the monitors and clipboards that intrigue me .
What do they say of our digital patients ?
As an app grows from concept into adolescence what part of their growth do we monitor ?
Where is the best place to place our probes ?
How do we document treatment and evaluations ?
Where do we store the notes about surgeries ?
What maladies have been treated ?
Are there problematic organs and recurrent illness ?
The documents and spreadsheets of the last century are inadequate .
A patient 's records are only useful if they are attached to the patient , up - to - date and in full living color to be read by whatever attending tester happens to be on call .
This is the challenge of the new century of software .
It 's not a process of get - it - as - reliable - as - possible - before - we - ship .
It 's health care , cradle to grave health care ... prevention , diagnosis , treatment and cure .
So slip into your scrubs , it 's going to be a long night in the ER .
Please consider the following video of Ron Paul Taking on treasury Secretary Tim Geithner .
URL : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghs5KBXofSQ
These videos inevitably aggravate me .
Of course I agree with Ron Paul , but just once I wish he would stick to 20 second questions and really hammer Bernanke , Geithner , whoever with a series of calculated questions that would attack the credibility and integrity of who he is questioning .
Instead , he always runs out of time , fails to get any questions answered , and fails to properly take to task someone he could easily demolish if he would just do it .
It is so frustrating .
Mike " Mish " Shedlock
http://globaleconomicanalysis.blogspot.com
Click Here To Scroll Thru My Recent Post List
Death - row inmate Hank Skinner was slowly chewing his way through the enormous cheeseburger that was supposed to be his last supper when good news arrived : he'd no longer be forced to digest the artery - clogging meal in an executioner 's chair .
The US Supreme Court intervened late on Wednesday to prevent a lethal injection from being given to the convicted murderer , saying it wants more time to consider his appeal .
" I 'd made up my mind that I was going to die , " the condemned man told guards .
" I really feel like I won today . "
Skinner has always maintained his innocence of the murder of his girlfriend Twila Busby and her two adult sons at their home in Texas on New Year 's Eve 1993 , and that the killer was the victim 's uncle .
To prove his version of events , he wants key crime - scene evidence , including semen samples and bloodied knives , to be DNA tested .
But several courts , of increasing seniority , have denied that request , saying that a convicted man has no right under US law to seek a review of evidence that his defence team did not get analysed at his original trial .
Even though the execution has been stayed , there is no guarantee that the Supreme Court will authorise tests that could either confirm or disprove Skinner 's guilt .
The justices merely want more time to study his appeal – and will probably not make a decision for several weeks .
In the meantime , Skinner – whose full menu for his last meal was two chicken thighs , a double bacon cheeseburger , fried catfish , onion rings , French fries , a salad with ranch dressing and a milkshake – remains on death row at the Walls unit in Huntsville , Texas , where his fate is the latest cause célèbre for campaigners seeking to abolish capital punishment .
In recent days , the state 's gung - ho Governor , Rick Perry , has been bombarded with letters from around the world asking him to delay the execution .
Skinner 's supporters say he was asleep , having consumed drink and drugs when Busby was raped , strangled , and left on their living room floor with her head battered by an axe handle .
He also slept through the murder of her sons , who were stabbed in the back as they slept , they claim .
At his trial , in 1995 , Skinner 's defence lawyer failed to have most of the evidence from the scene , including a rape kit , several biological samples , and the alleged murder weapons DNA tested .
The jury convicted him after just two hours of debate .
Doubt began being cast on Skinner 's guilt in 2000 , when a group of students from the David Protess Medill Innocence Project at Northwestern University , who have been responsible for the exoneration of five others on death row , came to Texas to investigate his case .
They interviewed Andrea Reed , a star prosecution witness , who recanted her testimony that Skinner confessed .
They also discovered that Busby 's uncle , Robert Donnell , had a history of sexual violence and had made advances towards the victim that night .
It ought to be easy to establish if Donnell , rather than Skinner , fought with Busby before her murder : scientists would simply analyse flesh samples taken from beneath her fingernails , and blood found on the weapon .
The summit
I quickly posted an entry right after the Language Summit we held before Pycon in Atlanta .
Basically , all the work I have being doing in Distutils and the PEPs we ’ve prepared for the “ big refactoring ” will not be done in the standard library .
Distutils in the stdlib trunk will be reverted to its current 2.6.x state .
I was quite despaired right after the summit .
All the work we did during in the past year would not land into the standard library for 2.7 , and all the pre- refactoring work I did , like making the test coverage decent , was going to be useless for the stdlib .
Having that work included in 2.7 was one of my goal and I worked hard on making sure most of the important PEPs would be accepted before the feature freeze for 2.7 happened ( the first beta , freezing new features , is in 4 weeks . )
I was even more depressed because I started to pull out of Distutils the “ sysconfig ” module and simplified the code in distutils , while making sure that the backward compatibility was kept .
I had a twenty minutes meeting with Guido after the Summit to clarify the situation and he helped me understand why this was the right path and worked with me on what to do next in the stdlib front and outside the stdlib .
Basically , a package that comes in the standard library has a foot in the grave ( I am paraphrasing Guido here . ) .
Its APIs is frozen , and people do n’t really expect nothing from it , but small new features and bug fixes .
Refactorings are dangerous , if not impossible .
I have hit that problem in the past , in one of the 2.6 bug fix release , where I broke Setuptools compatibility because of an internal change I have made in a private method .
The breakage was partly because Setuptools overrides a private method and partly because a public method that was not clearly documented was affected .
A few weeks ago the problem happened again : someone complained on python - dev because a declaration ( an exception class ) was missing from Distutils .
An exception class was imported from the errors module into another Distutils module , but not used anymore there .
And the module it was imported in did n’t have an __all__ attribute .
A third - party tool was importing the exception from the wrong module , so when I cleaned it up the third party module was broken .
So basically , any change I make in Distutils , even a simple cleaning , and worse , even a private method change , potentially breaks third - party tools .
You could argue that they should be careful in how they use Distutils , and never patch it or change its internal etc. , and for edge cases like missing imports , just fix them .
But hey , Python 2.7 is out of the door in five weeks , and the user experience will be that Python has broken third - party libraries .
And the worse part of it : some of these libraries like Setuptools are not really maintained anymore and expect Distutils not to evolve anymore .
But Setuptools is used nevertheless since it solves some problems Distutils does n’t .
So the end user is the one that will suffer from those regressions .
In other words , project like Setuptools slows down the work we want to do in packaging because the current eco-system depends on a big , monolithic , messy pile of code that is located in different projects with different maintainers .
At this point , I understood that the easiest way for Distutils to evolve was to get away from this pile and grow on another namespace called distutils2 .
Welcome Distutils2
If you have followed what is going on with packaging since last year , you might think : “ distutils , setuptools , distribute and now distutils2 ? , oh no !!! ”
But that is going to be for the benefit of everyone .
See the roadmap in image below .
So basically , I have forked Distutils and renamed its package into Distutils2 .
The project is located in http://hg.python.org/distutils2
and the goal is to put it back into the standard library as soon as it reaches a state where it starts to be used by the community .
Distutils will just die slowly , probably pulling Setuptools and Distribute with it .
The Distribute project is still important because it can help us releasing bug fixes or Python 3 support things today .
Distutils2 will be 2.4 to 3.2 compatible and will get back from Distribute the good bits and implement the PEPs that were accepted lately PEP 345 and PEP 386 .
And I am happily removing old code we do n’t want / need anymore without worrying about backward compatibility .
Yeah !
The packaging sprint
After the conferences , we started a packaging sprint and I was surprised because many people showed up and worked on the topic .
We created a few teams to work on PEP 376 , mkpkg , the Hitchicker ’s Guide to Packaging ( HHGP ) , and Distribute .
I wo n’t say the name of each person , I am too scared to forget someone :D .
PEP 376
Like last year , people from various distributions ( Fedora , Ubuntu , Debian ) and I worked on packaging issues .
They worked on PEP 386 last year mainly ( the versioning scheme ) and focused on PEP 376 this year .
This PEP is about setting up a standard for installed packages , and an installation index that allows to query what packages are installed , and get their metadata .
In extend , it provides an uninstall feature .
The goal is to have a standard for all package managers of course .
One part of the PEP is about describing the data files that are installed with the project ( like configuration files or documentation ) so they can be removed and maybe relocated .
The group focused on describing the files a project contains in a static way ( in setup.cfg ) with variables that can be expanded an installation time ( which values are provided by Python , but globally configurable by the OS packagers . )
We did quite some work and brainstorming on this , and even focused on removing setup.py !
A fully static description of a project ( metadata + file list ) is the key to a better packaging tool !
Expect a proposal soon on distutils - SIG , for PEP 376 .
If you want to have a look , the draft proposal is here : draft .
mkpkg and Distribute
We had two one - member teams at some point , so I can name them without being scared of forgetting someone 😉
Sean worked on a nice add - on for Distutils2 , a script that builds a setup.py file after asking you a few questions .
He blogged about it .
so I do n’t need to get into further details 🙂
Noufal worked on fixing some bugs in Distribute .
We should do a release at some point .
The HitchHicker ’s Guide to Packaging
Another group worked on the guide .
The goal is to provide some help for people that want to package things today and are despaired with the sparse documentation they can find .
Which tool to use ?
how ?
when ?
The work done was quite amazing , look at it : http://guide.python-distribute.org
I have spoken with Georg Brandl to see how we could move it to docs .
python.org and make it grow there .
Distutils2 coding
Besides PEP 345 , I worked on making Distutils2 work for 2.2 , 2.5 , 2.6 and this is now over .
I have also almost fully implemented PEP 345 in there .
There ’s now a metadata module with a dict - like DistributionMetadata class that knows how to read and write PKG - INFO files .
It also knows how to interpret the micro-language we ’ve defined : the environment markers .
Last , I ’ve added the PEP 386 version module : version.py .
This one is used now by the metadata class to control versions .
More to come !
Next sprint at Confoo.ca
The next packaging sprint will happen in Montreal , where I am going as a speaker next week .
We will continue the worked started , so stay tuned .
seriosly ... that 's *** King awesome !!ahaha i laugh so hard on that one .
trully amazing , and the quality of the painting , trully unspeakble x ) i would fav this one hundred times if i could
( CNN ) --
Nothing is sacred on " South Park . "
This is a show , after all , that once painted God as a gap - toothed rhinoceros - monkey , portrays Satan as a simpering milquetoast and regularly features Jesus as a superhero -- the kind who 's not afraid to ignore the peaceful teachings of the Sermon on the Mount to smite his opponents .
The show has mocked Jews , Catholics , Mormons , Scientologists and atheists , among ( many ) others .
It 's a formula that 's generally served " South Park " well , allowing it to score comic points by riffing on hypocrisy while emphasizing a message of libertarianism and tolerance , and it's one that goes back to the show 's beginnings , points out former Dallas Morning News TV critic Ed Bark , who blogs at UncleBarky.com .
After all , he recalls , the show began as a Christmas short violently pitting Santa Claus against Jesus .
But have they gone too far this time with a depiction of the Prophet Mohammed in a bear suit ?
In the beginning , it was n't so much the religion that bothered observers but the language used by the series ' pint - sized cast , he said .
" The most shocking thing back then was , you had little kids exercising a vocabulary that you had n't heard before [ from children ] , " he said .
" I go back to the days when [ the sitcom ] ' Uncle Buck's ' ' You suck ' was a major point of contention on a CBS sitcom and everybody went crazy about ' how can they have an 8 - year - old kid saying this ? '
And then ' South Park ' ratcheted that way up . "
However , the show can still ruffle feathers .
For its 200th episode April 14 -- the beginning of a two - part story that concludes Wednesday night -- " South Park " creators Matt Stone and Trey Parker decided to go all - in , creating a plot line about free speech in which most everybody the show 's ever offended comes back .
Among the episode 's characters : the Prophet Mohammed , who is first pictured behind a black " censored " bar and later in a bear suit .
That did n't sit well with Revolution Muslim , an Islamic group that objected to Mohammed 's portrayal .
According to some Muslim traditions , the visual depiction of Mohammed is not allowed .
" We have to warn Matt and Trey that what they are doing is stupid and they will probably wind up like Theo van Gogh for airing this show , " the group said on its website .
" This is not a threat , but a warning of the reality that will likely happen to them . "
Islamic group : ' South Park ' post a call to protest , not violence
Van Gogh was the Dutch director who was killed in 2004 by an Islamic extremist .
Among his works was " Submission , " a short film about abuse of women in Islam .
The creator of the Revolution Muslim posting said that the group only wants those offended to be able to voice their opposition in letters to the show 's creators and that it did not advocate violence .
CNN commenters were generally angered by the story , which was featured on Tuesday 's " Anderson Cooper 360° . "
" I have no respect for a prophet or god that needs its followers to defend it by threats and murder .
' South Park ' should be applauded , " Andrew said on the " AC360° " live blog .
( Commenters did n't have to supply any more than their first name . )
" I'm a Muslim that loves the message of the Qur'an dearly , but that is not MY Islam , " Erbab added .
Parker and Stone knew what might be coming .
In an interview with the pop culture and tech site BoingBoing .
net during production of the 200th show , they acknowledged that Mohammed would be a character but did n't know how he would be portrayed -- or whether Comedy Central , " South Park 's " network , would let them show Mohammed at all .
" If they would let us show it , that would be great , " Stone said .
" We 're having fun with the same fight , " Parker said .
Comedy Central had no comment on the controversy , the network said .
i Reporters sound off on " South Park "
It was n't the first time Mohammed was featured on the show .
In the July 2001 episode " Super Best Friends , " he appears as " the Muslim prophet with the powers of flame , " along with other religious figures -- Buddha , Moses and Mormon founder Joseph Smith among them -- who help the other " South Park " kids rescue Kyle from a cult devoted to magician David Blaine
But that , said Stone and Parker , was before September 11 , the van Gogh murder and the 2005 Muslim protests over the Danish cartoons that appeared in the newspaper Jyllands - Posten .
" Now , that 's the new normal .
Like we lost .
Something that was OK is now not OK , " Stone said .
Of course , for a long time , religious mockery on TV was n't OK either , Bark observed .
" Networks used to be loath to even touch religion , " he said .
Share your thoughts on the " South Park " controversy
With rare exceptions ( " The Simpsons " the most notable ) , until the mid-'90s , shows with religious themes -- such as " Highway to Heaven " or " Touched by an Angel " -- stressed earnestness and optimism .
But in the 500 - channel universe , questioning religion , and all that comes with it , is now more acceptable , Bark said .
" Things are done now that were n't done then , " he said .
If the satire is handled well , there 's no reason for Mohammed to be untouchable either , Muslim writer Aziz Poonawalla said on his Beliefnet blog .
" I do n't watch ' South Park , ' and likely never will , " he wrote .
" But I much prefer their attempt at depiction of the Prophet SAW [ May Allah 's prayers and greetings be upon him ] , which is rooted in a simple need to assert their creative freedom , rather than any genuine intent to defame or insult Islam -- quite unlike the Danish newspaper cartoons , which were created with only malice in mind . "
Bark remains surprised at the controversy the episode has stirred .
" Religion is touchy , but ... in this case , since they 're lumping all religions [ together ] -- as usual -- and they 've made fun of Jesus [ and others ] , I 'm surprised that anybody gets upset anymore over what they do , " he said .
Certainly , Stone and Parker are n't going to suddenly change their attitudes .
The pair recently announced a new musical based on the Book of Mormon , and they care too deeply about the " South Park " universe to go soft .
" You guys are n't afraid to pick at an old scab ? " BoingBoing 's Xeni Jardin asked .
" We 're 200 shows now , so now what ? "
Parker responded .
MOGADISHU , Somalia —
It seems that there is a new breed of pirate out there , inland pirates , and their new quarry is trucks , not ships , carrying food .
On Monday , the United Nations World Food Program said that a pirate gang had ventured dozens of miles from shore and was holding three large trucks and their drivers who had just dropped off life - saving rations .
“ It ’s piracy coming on land , ” said Peter Smerdon , a program spokesman .
“ It is the first incident of its kind , and obviously we hope it ’s not to be repeated . ”
The trucks were seized last week in Puntland , a semi-autonomous region of Somalia that is a notorious pirate haven .
According to Mr. Smerdon , the pirates were holding the trucks and their drivers hostage in Eyl , a little coastal town where several hijacked ships had been kept in recent years .
Recipes , cooking tips , reviews , gadget tips and other rants and raves .
Cookery with attitude at times !
The Producer 's Story :
Risking It All for Science by James Barrat
Dying to dive
While some people might die doing science , a lot of people die cave diving : each year an average of 20 worldwide .
The U.S. National Speleological Society defines a successful cave dive as " one you return from . " " Extreme Cave Diving " is really about the blue holes of the Bahamas .
It 's about cutting - edge science that gives us important data about our climate and reveals a lot about the Eden of now - extinct animals that once lived on the islands of the Bahamas .
But blue holes are immense , flooded caves , and the only way to explore them is through the dangerous sport of cave diving .
In our 21 - day expedition , and the resulting film , diving and the threat of dying sometimes overshadowed the science .
Onboard we had some of the world 's best divers .
Dive leader Brian Kakuk is probably the planet 's premier science and cave diver .
Jill Heinerth is an internationally sought - after technical diving instructor .
Wes Skiles , our director of photography , is arguably Florida 's greatest cave explorer , living or dead .
All our divers have been feature - film dive doubles or consultants .
Yet each knew several other , equally expert divers whose dead bodies they had recovered from caves .
Including the expedition leader , anthropologist Kenny Broad , the dive team has recovered the bodies of more than 100 cave divers .
To imagine recovering just one , think of a flooded , crumbling 10 - story building at night .
There 's a dead body in the basement .
You have to find it and drag it to the roof .
Could you ?
What if it was a friend ?
Wes Skiles recovered the body of his best friend from a cave .
He also recovered three brothers who realized they were hopelessly lost and out of air .
Wes found them holding hands .
Is diving really that dangerous ?
No , but diving in caves is .
More people have died cave diving than climbing Mount Everest .
Cave divers say of their sport , " There are no injuries , just fatalities . "
I 've filmed in three war zones , but I think the chances of someone dying were higher in blue holes than in Iraq , Afghanistan , and Zaire .
In the war zones , you hold onto the not - unreasonable hope that you can keep crew members alive by being extra careful .
I did n't think I could do anything about the dangers of the blue holes , except drain them — which is a ridiculous notion , and a crime , because damaging blue holes would be like burning a library .
Blue holes
At their deepest level , blue holes are anoxic , and this lack of oxygen helps to preserve whatever falls in .
Our team was able to recover two skulls belonging to ancient humans , the fossils of vertebrates that are now extinct in the Bahamas , and fossils of birds that are n't just extinct but have never before been described by science .
Living within the blue holes are at least one new order of multi-cellular creatures , descended from animals that evolved millions of years ago , as well as single - celled organisms virtually indistinguishable from the first life - forms on Earth .
Parts of blue holes are like our planet 's first seas , from a time four billion years ago when the Earth had no oxygen .
NASA was interested in the expedition because the extreme life - forms found in blue holes are similar to what they hope to find on other planets .
Things can go wrong , of course , no matter how thoroughly you prepare .
In the geological sciences , blue holes hold just as many wonders .
When cut open , stalagmites from blue holes display layers like the rings in a tree .
Analysis of their composition reveals a year - by - year diary of the Bahamas ' climate for the last 200,000 - 300,000 years , including rainfall , the chemicals in the rain and air , even the temperature .
They do n't just record past periods of extreme climate change , but also tell us how fast that change can grip the planet .
My greatest challenge in making " Extreme Cave Diving " was learning enough about the different sciences related to blue holes to interview the scientists who joined the expedition : marine biologist Tom Iliffe , ornithologist David Steadman , molecular biologist Jenn Macalady , cave scientist Nancy Albury , geochemist Peter Swart , and others .
The second greatest challenge , with which I had a lot of help , was writing and editing for months to squeeze an often unpredictable expedition with untidy results into a neat package of one - hour television .
Everything but the sweat
We traveled and lived on the 66 - foot S.S. Tiburon , an expedition ship that had just enough room for our crew of some 14 people and about four tons of gear , including dive gear , cameras and related paraphernalia , computers , printers , junk novels , and about 50 tanks for various mixes of air .
We lacked for nothing in amenities on the boat , though our close quarters meant that a virus remained in constant circulation among the team .
Most importantly , the AC worked — July in the Bahamas is the hottest and most humid month of the year .
We shot at seven blue holes in about 21 days .
On a typical day , we 'd rise with the sun , offload gear from the ship into vans , then go to the hole and put together a rough base camp .
We 'd film the dive preparations and jump - ins , and then we would n't see the dive and underwater film team until they emerged carrying their scientific finds , usually two or three hours later .
So , at some part of each blisteringly hot day , everyone would vanish into the deep except for a scientist or two , my topside cameraman , the gifted and tireless Gordy Waterman , ace soundman Dave Strayer , and me .
We 'd use this time to shoot interviews with the film 's characters who were n't diving , or laboratory scenes with our scientists examining blue hole finds .
At night we 'd review tapes , log their contents , back up media , and have a production meeting to discuss what was working and what was n't .
The underwater crew had tanks to fill and gear to prep and repair .
We'd hit our bunks around midnight , smelly and exhausted .
To imagine what our lives were like , think of the glamorous , gin-soaked Bahamas of Casino Royale .
Now take away everything but the sweat .
Reliance
I kept track of the divers ' morale and health , both of which had ups and downs , and I sometimes worried about them .
They are an exceptionally proficient group — masters of knots , knives , seamanship , and , of course , diving .
Otherwise , they would n't have been much use to a film or a scientific expedition , and , frankly , probably would 've died long ago .
However , there 's a term our divers used called " task - loading , " which means unconsciously adding tasks to the things you have to do , or being conscious that you 're over - burdened and not speaking up .
Task - loading kills people .
The dive team was task - loaded to the gills .
In addition to the variables of technical diving and collecting samples , they had to contend with the problems of lighting and filming underwater .
Add to that the ordinary hazards of cave diving — cave - ins , silt - outs , faulty gear , decompression sickness , nitrogen narcosis , oxygen toxicity , running out of air , and , of course , simple , everyday drowning .
Take all that and put it on a tight schedule .
Oh , and whenever you 're above water you 're being filmed , and the producer expects you to be engaging 24/7 .
But we came back with no injuries , largely because we were wary , and we had planned to be wary .
While pushed , no one dived whose ability or safety was compromised , as far as I know .
Sick people stayed in bed .
Besides being our chief science diver , Brian Kakuk was also the diver in charge of safety , and he has an uncanny sixth sense about other divers .
So we had a good safety structure .
Other than a couple of rebreather malfunctions and a small cave - in , we had no dive - related safety incidents .
You may endanger everyone on a dive by having one unlucky moment .
Things can go wrong , of course , no matter how thoroughly you prepare .
For example , it 's nearly impossible to predict avalanches of loose rock , and big cave - ins .
In the film , Kenny Broad says , " We 're swimming over boulders the size of houses , and you know they came from the ceiling . "
I 've no doubt that luck played a part in our expedition , and that teams with even greater attention to safety than ours have lost members .
In the end , I took away a great appreciation of the divers ' self - reliance .
I 'm a PADI Rescue Diver — which on this shoot was a qualification about as useful as being a good singer — and I 've always had drilled into me that you never dive alone .
You dive with a buddy .
In cave diving , however , you may head into a cave with several buddies , but you 're always diving alone .
That 's not existential hyperbole — if something goes wrong in a cave , your buddy probably can't help you .
You train to self - rescue .
You 're just too far from safety to think about survival any other way .
In fact , you may endanger everyone on a dive by having one unlucky moment .
Suppose , for example , that you 're the last person to squeeze through a tight passage and you get hopelessly stuck .
One second you 're a valued member of a cave - diving team .
In the next , you 're the cork in the bottle containing the lives of your friends .
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 21/4/2010 ( 3815 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
Pro Hockey Life store .
WINNIPEG —
The largest hockey specialty retailer in the world is setting up shop in Winnipeg .
Pro Hockey Life Sporting Goods Inc. , a Montreal - based company , will throw open the doors on a 20,000 - square foot megastore on St. James Street in the Polo Park area by August as part of an expansion that will see three more outlets added to the Canadian market .
Want more sports ?
Get news and notes from the local amateur sports scene in your inbox .
Sign Up I agree to the Terms and Conditions , Cookie and Privacy Policies , and CASL agreement .
Pro Hockey
Life ’s blueprint sees their megastores outfitted with the latest in sticks , skates , gear and memorabilia and features large - screen TVs that provide the latest NHL highlights player profiles and product information .
" It 's far more than a hockey store , we are bringing the excitement and passion for hockey to the retail environment .
Our megastores allow not only the novice to elite player to find exactly what they are looking but also hockey enthusiasts can find a huge selection of fanwear and memorabilia .
Pro Hockey
Life is all about hockey , " said Anthony Fisher , Senior Vice - President , Marketing , Pro Hockey Life .
Founded in 1973 in Montreal as Sports Gilbert Rousseau , Pro Hockey Life ’s expansion — the two other stores are in Dartmouth , Nova Scotia and Boisbriand , Quebec — brings their number of locations in Canada to 23 .
The corporation also runs under the name Entrepot du Hockey in Quebec and has now opened 13 new stores across the country in the last two years .
For more information on the company and its services , visit : http://www.prohockeylife.com.
( AP ) --
Mind reading may no longer be the domain of psychics and fortune tellers - now some computers can do it , too .
Software that uses brain scans to determine what items people are thinking about was among the technological innovations showcased Wednesday by Intel Corp. , which drew back the curtain on a number of projects that are still under development .
The software analyzes functional MRI scans to determine what parts of a person 's brain is being activated as he or she thinks .
In tests , it guessed with 90 percent accuracy which of two words a person was thinking about , said Intel Labs researcher Dean Pomerleau .
Eventually , the technology could help the severely physically disabled to communicate .
And Pomerleau sees it as an early step toward one day being able to control technology with our minds .
" The vision is being able to interface to information , to your devices and to other people without having an intermediary device , " he said .
For now , the project 's accomplishments are far more modest - it can only be used with prohibitively expensive and bulky fMRI equipment and has n't yet been adapted to analyze abstract thoughts .
The system works best when a person is first scanned while thinking of dozens of different concrete nouns - words like " bear " or " hammer . "
When test subjects are then asked to pick one of two new terms and think about it , the software uses the earlier results as a baseline to determine what the person is thinking .
The software works by analyzing the shared attributes of different words .
For example , a person who is thinking of a bear uses the same parts of the brain that light up when he or she thinks of a puppy or something else furry .
A person thinking of a bear also shows activity in the amygdala - home of the fight - or - flight response .
While Intel primarily makes computer processors and other hardware , it often works to develop and demonstrate new technologies in an effort to stimulate the market and advance its reputation .
Other innovations on display at Wednesday 's Intel event in Manhattan included :
- Cell phone technology that would use motion , GPS and audio data gathered through users ' cell phones to track what they 're doing and who they 're with .
The technology can distinguish activities such as walking , giving a business presentation and driving .
It also compares audio readings from different cell phones to determine who is in the same room .
This would allow users to share their activity information with their close friends and watch avatar versions of their friends throughout the day .
It would also let users track and analyze data about how they spend their time .
-" Dispute Finder " technology that monitors users ' conversations and Internet browsing to warn them when they encounter contested or inaccurate information .
The software mines the Internet to find instances in which writers have claimed something is untrue .
It then uses speech recognition technology to monitor conversations .
- A transparent holographic shopping display that could be used in department stores to point consumers to featured items .
Shoppers could also use the giant screen to search the store 's inventory , call up maps , and send item information to their cell phones .
-A TV set - top box that connects wirelessly to your laptop and monitors your Internet search history , as well as your TV viewing , to offer relevant video .
Explore further Intel wants a chip implant in your brain
©2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Evidently , Bill O'Reilly 's idea of defending his network 's journalistic honor is to lie blatantly -- not just to his national TV audience , but to a U.S. Senator to boot .
Last night on his Fox News show , BillO -- incensed by Sen. Tom Coburn 's suggestion that Fox News ' coverage of the health - care debate was misleading and biased -- tried to claim that no one on Fox had ever suggested that you 'll get thrown in jail if you do n't buy health insurance .
O'Reilly claimed it three times in the course of the interview , each time with escalating falsity , culminating with the claim that his staff had carefully researched the question and found that no one at Fox had ever said it .
Oh really ?
Because as you can see , we have the video that demonstrates clearly otherwise .
Glenn Beck , as a matter of fact , said it on his own Fox News show -- and he said it on Bill O'Reilly 's program too , directly to O'Reilly 's face .
And O'Reilly made a joke about it .
Nor was Beck alone among Fox anchors saying it .
Here 's how O'Reilly put it to Coburn :
O'Reilly : OK , but can you tell me one person on Fox News , just one , who has told this audience that they 'll go to jail if they do n't buy health insurance .
...
O'Reilly : Well , why then was it legitimate to bring in Fox News in the discussion , when , No. 1 , you do n't know anybody on Fox News -- because there has n't been anyone -- that said people will go to jail if they do n't buy mandatory insurance .
...
O'Reilly : Well , tell me , what -- because it does n't happen here .
And we researched to find out if anybody on Fox News had ever said you 're going to jail if you do n't buy health insurance .
Nobody 's ever said it .
Of course , none other than O'Reilly 's sometime stagemate , Glenn Beck told his audience on Nov. 12 , 2009 :
Beck :
But if you do n't play by their new rules on health care , oooh , here 's a new little twist .
Have you heard this ?
You 're going to be looking at a fun little stint in jail .
...
But if you do n't play ball with them now , if you do n't get into their government health care , there will be jail time .
And that of course was fair .
The next day , Nov. 13 , in his weekly appearance on The O'Reilly Factor , chatting over his then - recent appendectomy , Beck repeated the line , and O'Reilly responded by asking Beck if he intended to go to jail over health insurance ( transcript courtesy Media Matters ) :
O'REILLY : Could n't they do [ liposuction ] at the same time [ as your appendectomy ] ?
BECK : No , they would n't .
No .
I do n't have universal health care .
O'REILLY : Well you will soon .
BECK : Or I 'll go to jail .
O'REILLY : Are you going to be a conscientious objector to health care ?
BECK : You know , this is the first time in history in our country where , just to be a citizen , just to not go to jail , you have to buy something .
That 's some crack research squad O'Reilly has there -- they can't even rustle up the times this lie was repeated on O'Reilly 's own show .
No wonder the fact that not only did they miss the Beck claims , they missed that Sean Hannity made the same claim ( citing Dick Morris ) , as did Judge Andrew Napolitano .
All on the Fox News Channel .
O'Reilly clearly got away with lying to Coburn to his face .
But as for defending Fox 's honor , well , let 's just say that it worked about as well as it should .
Wal - Mart Stores Inc. is cutting prices on thousands of products in an aggressive campaign to reinforce its reputation as a discount leader , as the company seeks to reverse months of slowing U.S. sales .
The world 's largest retailer was a rare beneficiary of the economic downturn , as large numbers of bargain - hungry Americans , including many middle - class families , flocked to its supercenters from supermarkets and specialty clothing stores .
Wal - Mart's ...
As the New York Times reports , that was the final fucking straw for Republicans .
They have tried and they have tried and they have tried to be bipartisan but the goddam president just would n't let 'em .
No siree , Bob , he just had to go and do this and , well , that just tears it .
No more Mr. Cooperative Guy from them .
Uh uh , no way , no how , no , ma'am .
" This is going to make problems worse , " said Lindsey Graham .
" What the president has done here is throw fuel on the fire at a time when the debate about politics is a very angry debate to begin with , " said Lamar Alexander .
Even Orrin
Hatch got in on the fun :
" In his January State of the Union address , President Obama pledged that he would work in a bipartisan fashion to confront the challenges facing our nation .
Instead of living up to that pledge , the President today ignored the Senate ’s bipartisan rejection of a highly - controversial nominee by recess appointing Craig Becker to serve on the National Labor Relations Board ...
" What makes this decision even more troubling is that it comes only two days after all 41 Republicans urged the President not to take this action .
It did n’t have to be this way . "
See ?
He was warned .
It did n't have to be this way .
He could have just done what the Republicans told him to do .
Like the bully that requires a compliant victim , the Republicans are now acting all aghast that President Obama dared to go and do the very thing they have pretty much been daring him to do all along .
They sit on his appointments for the better part of a year and now -- NOW -- when he finally says " fuck it " and just goes ahead and appoints them in a recess appointment ( something George Bush did ONE - HUNDRED AND SEVENTY TIMES !!! ) , well now they 're pissed .
And they are crying to their mommy ( the " electorate " ) , " MOMMY !
Barack wo n't let us keep hitting him !
He wo n't let me have any fun by pounding his head against the wall , Mommy .
It 's not FAIR !!! "
I have this image of the Republicans as Moe Stooge and President Obama as Curly or Larry Stooge and Moe going , " Stand still while I letchya HAVE it ! " and then pulls their hair or pokes 'em in the eyes or beans 'em with a two - by - four .
Seriously , Republicans , you do n't really expect the American public to fall for your shit anymore do you ?
Do you ?
Really ?
Get over yourselves .
I 'm just sayin ' ...
The big - screen adaptation of Mark Millar and John Romita Jr.'s " Kick - Ass " hits movie theaters this weekend
tweetmeme_url = ' http://comicsalliance.com/2010/04/16/kick-ass-in-60-seconds/'; tweetmeme_source = ' ComicsAlliance ' ; digg_url = ' http://digg.com/comics_animation/Kick_Ass_In_60_Seconds_COMIC';
, and while many moviegoers often like to check out the source material before seeing the movie , comic shops everywhere are reporting that they 're sold out of the hardcover that collects the series .
But do n't fret !
As a public service , ComicsAlliance has asked Senior Writer Chris Sims to once again break out his trusty 24 - pack of Crayola Twistables to bring you the high points of the series in a version that can be read in only sixty seconds !
Spoilers , of course , follow .
\
Get the stories that matter to you sent straight to your inbox with our daily newsletter .
Subscribe
Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
COMPUTER hackers linked to the Russian mafia robbed Royal Bank of Scotland customers of £ 6 million in 12 hours .
The crooks pulled off the massive sting by dispatching an army of thieves using cloned debit cards to blitz more than 2000 cash machines in 280 cities worldwide .
Stunned bosses at the Edinburgh bank were helpless to stop £ 6 million of cash being plundered from the ATMs in Scotland 's biggest bank heist .
But , we can reveal gang leader Viktor Pleshchuk , 28 , has been snared in the Russian city of St Petersburg following a massive FBI investigation .
Acting US Attorney Sally Quillian Yates described the heist as " perhaps the most sophisticated and organised computer fraud attack ever conducted " .
The plot was hatched by Oleg Covelin , 28 , in Moldova , who discovered a flaw in the bank 's computer system .
He contacted Sergei Tsurikov , 25 , in Tallin , Estonia , who joined forces with Pleshchuk to orchestrate the electronic heist .
The gang hacked into the bank 's system to clone 44 debit cards and discover their PIN numbers .
They electronically hiked the available balances and deleted withdrawal limits on each card before distributing them to a network of foot soldiers , known as " cashers " .
At the stroke of midnight US time , the cashers drained ATMs using the cloned cards .
They struck at machines in Britain , the US , Russia , Ukraine , Estonia , Italy , Hong Kong , Japan and Canada .
During the 12 - hour robbery , Pleshchuk and Tsurikov hacked back into the bank 's system to see the transactions taking place on their computer screens .
They obtained just under $ 9.5 million - around £ 6.3 million - between midnight and noon .
FBI Agent Ross Rice said : " We 've seen similar attempts to defraud a bank through ATM machines but not anywhere near the scale we have here . "
The hackers then deactivated the cards and attempted to destroy electronic records of their crime within the bank 's system .
The cashers were allowed to keep 30 to 50 per cent of the cash with the rest being sent electronically back to the hackers .
The three suspects have all been extradited to the US where they are to stand trial accused of the attack on the RBS WorldPay division in Atlanta .
Former hacker Kevin Mitnick , who now works as a computer security consultant , said : " It was so well co-ordinated .
These guys hacked into RBS WorldPay , they took control of their servers and reverse engineered the encryption so they could get the debit card PINs .
" They then distributed the account numbers and PINs to a network of cashers - criminals who will withdraw funds from ATMs .
" They co-ordinated this attack so the cashers would cash out in a 12 - hour period and stole $ 9.5 million .
That 's an incredibly sophisticated attack . "
The gang targeted the bank at the height of the global financial crisis in November 2008 , striking just three weeks after shamed RBS chief Sir Fred Goodwin was forced to quit .
At that time , the bank was only saved from collapse by an emergency £ 20 billion injection of public cash and is now 84 per cent owned by British taxpayers .
Angry US customers whose cards were cloned by the gang are suing RBS in a $ 5 million class action lawsuit .
The action by Keith Irwin , of Pennsylvania , accuses the bank of negligence and breach of contract .
Michael McCoy , of the Identity Theft Institute , received a warning letter from RBS telling him that his personal details may have been stolen by the gang .
But he hit out as the bank only offered a 12 - month free credit rating - while warning customers to be vigilant for 24 months .
He said : " It 's an insult to me and any other consumer .
" Come on , a one - year subscription , what 's that going to do ?
" Any intelligent thief understands these letters are going out so why wo n't they use it in the 13th month ?
" On the back of this letter they encourage you to remain vigilant for 12 to 24 months but they 're only going to offer me a product for 12 months .
It boggles my mind . "
Customers are also angry at the fact the bank " identified the breach " on November 10 , 2008 , but kept it secret for 43 days .
They eventually issued a press release in the US about the fraud two days before Christmas in what furious victims claim was a deliberate ruse to avoid publicity .
The press release said fraud had only been committed on 100 cards - giving no hint of the financial scale of the attack .
A fourth unnamed hacker is also facing criminal charges .
He is believed to have fully co-operated with the FBI .
In the dock with the four hackers are four other Estonians .
Tsurikov is accused of distributing cards and PINs to Igor Grudjev in Estonia .
Grudjev then distributed them to Ronald Tsoi , Evelin Tsoi and Mihhail Jegenvov , who withdrew £ 191,000 from ATMs in Tallin during the 12 - hour period .
The cloned cards belonged to US workers whose wages are paid directly into their bank accounts .
The RBS WorldPay website states : " From face - to - face transactions to online and phone transactions , we provide an effective , secure service . "
At the time , Ben Barone , president and CEO of RBS WorldPay , said : " We have taken important , immediate steps to mitigate risk and none of the affected cardholders will be responsible for unauthorised activity on their account resulting from this situation . "
RBS declined to comment because of the ongoing legal proceedings .
Raid was planned like terror operation
Experts claim preparation for the worldwide bank scam was on a similar scale to an al - Qaeda terrorist operation .
Uri Rivner , of RSA Identity Protection & Verification , said : " The technical aspects in this case were not that impressive but the level of co-ordination was staggering .
" Managing time zone issues and co-ordinating cashers in nine nations - all required to hit as many ATMs as possible within 12 hours - makes me think of an al - Qaeda type of strategy of multiple attacks in a single day .
" A lot of planning and a very high degree of international co-operation went into this . "
The four hackers in the dock are all in their 20s , from Russia and other former Soviet states .
The FBI are in no doubt that they worked for the Russian mafia .
Once they had identified a way into the RBS internal network , they spent months plotting on private internet forums .
They began looking for " jackpot servers " using free scanning software to locate valuable , protected data .
Experts reckon they stumbled on the details of the 44 cards before artificially hiking the balances and abolishing the daily withdrawal limits .
Gmail has a new feature for Firefox 3.6 and Google Chrome users : drag - and - drop file attachments .
The feature is very straightforward — just drag files from your desktop onto your e-mail , and a green box will appear where you can drop your files .
Google promises it will " enable this for other browsers as soon as they support this feature . "
Why the wait ?
Drag - and - drop functionality is an HTML5 feature .
Currently only the Gecko layout engine — the engine that powers Firefox — fully supports HTML5 drag - and - drop .
WebKit , which powers both Safari and Chrome , has only partial support for drag - and - drop .
Smartphone .
Biz -News.com had a chat with Gil Regev , Marketing Communications Manager for Fring .
Gil gave us a live demonstration connecting from the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona with the Fring Headquarters , the application works on all smartphones and is currently growing by half a million users every month .
Since the video calling has been so successful they announced that they will be expanding it to 9.2 and 9.3 Symbian platforms .
This year they will look to increase their deals with industry partners and work on making Fring even better and more exciting for users .
Related articles
Frings Brings Video Calls to Nokia Symbian 9.3 Devices
More and More iPhone Apps Support VoIP over 3G
fring Brings World ’s First Video Calls to the iPhone
Mr Cannon was told by the police officer that he could have driven forward into the driveway but he argued that reversing out onto a main road was against the Highway Code and would have put himself and others in danger .
The ABC documentary on how censorship is making a generation of women cut off their lady bits .
Warning : this is totally fucked .
You should watch it , but it may emotionally scar you irrevocably .
Iranian authorities have blamed fibre - optic network damage for a convenient slow - down in net connection speeds in the country this week .
The slow - down comes suspiciously close to planned opposition demos , timed to coincide with the 11 February anniversary of the Iranian revolution .
Opposition groups , supported by many in the West , have used the internet and SMS messages to co-ordinate activities since the disputed re-election of President Ahmadinejad last June .
Government officials blame shipping traffic for damaging Iran 's main optic fibre link across the Gulf , between the Iranian port of Jask and Fujairah in the UAE .
Internet services and SMS delivery have been severely impaired during the last week .
Communications Minister Reza Taghipour told Iran 's state broadcaster that the " breakage will be repaired by next week " , AFP reports .
It seems unlikely the repairs will be effected before the planned protests .
Net filtering in Iran already blocks many sites for political or cultural reasons and this control can be expected to tighten still further in the run-up to Thursday 's protests .
In possibly related news , the website of a radio station run by an Iranian dissident group in the Netherlands came under attack by a pro-government group of hackers late last month , Bloomberg reports .
Radio Zamaneh 's website was hijacked by a group using the name Iran ’s Cyber Army for around a day , before control was seized back by the station , which is banned in Iran .
The very similarly named Iranian Cyber Army group used a DNS attack to hijack Twitter back in December , in order to protest against Western interference in Iranian affairs . ®
CAPE CANAVERAL , Florida ( Reuters ) - A problem with a cooling system aboard the International Space Station may prompt NASA to extend shuttle Discovery ’s mission for an unplanned fourth spacewalk , NASA officials said on Wednesday .
During three previous outings , spacewalking astronauts Rich Mastracchio and Clay Anderson installed a new 1,700 - pound ammonia cooling system and packed up an old unit for return to Earth and refurbishment .
But when engineers tried to remotely activate the new device , they were stymied by a stuck valve which is preventing nitrogen from pressurizing the system .
The station has two spare tanks of nitrogen , but they cannot be installed robotically .
Managers on Wednesday were considering whether to keep Discovery in orbit an extra day and dispatch Mastracchio and Anderson for another spacewalk , or have two of the resident station crew members tackle the job after the shuttle ’s departure .
“ Folks are continuing to troubleshoot the problem , ” said station flight director Ron Spencer .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
The cooling system dissipates heat from the station ’s electronics .
The station has a second cooling loop , but it is not enough to maintain proper temperatures for the entire , fully operational station .
Without cooling , NASA would have to shut down half the station ’s electrical system .
That might affect whether all six of the station ’s live - aboard crew could remain aboard .
A decision on whether to extend Discovery ’s stay at the station is expected by Thursday .
The shuttle and seven astronauts blasted off on April 5 for one of the U.S. space agency ’s final major cargo hauls to the station before the shuttle fleet is retired at the end of this year .
The 13 - day flight already was extended by a day so the crew could use the station ’s communications system to send images of a final heat shield inspection down to ground control teams for assessment .
Equipment on the shuttle needed for this transmission is not working .
The inspection is to check for any orbital debris damage to the heat shield before the shuttle flies through the atmosphere for landing .
Heat shield inspections were implemented after the shuttle Columbia was destroyed on reentry in 2003 .
Spending cuts to be deepest since 1970s , IFS says
The next government will face tough budget decisions , the IFS warns
The UK faces the deepest spending cuts since the late 1970s if the three main parties are to meet their budget commitments , new analysis suggests .
The years between 2011 and 2015 must see the largest cuts since 1976 - 80 , according to a report from the Institute for Fiscal Studies ( IFS ) .
Its estimates suggest the Conservatives would need to make the biggest cuts .
Meanwhile a Labour government would see the biggest tax rises , the think tank predicts .
Based on commitments made so far , the Liberal Democrats would need to cut an accumulated £ 51bn from spending on public services by 2017 .
Labour 's plans would require a slightly smaller cut during that time of £ 47bn , the IFS said , while the Conservatives would cut by the largest amount - £ 57bn .
Tax rises expected Conservative plans would " imply cuts to spending on public services that have not been delivered over any five - year period since the Second World War " .
Tax increases would be highest under Labour , the analysis suggests , totalling £ 24bn over the course of the next parliament .
More than halfway through this election campaign , the three largest parties have still given us only a small hint of what they would do
Stephanie Flanders
BBC economics editor
Read Stephanie 's thoughts in full £ 17bn of these have already been announced , leaving £ 7bn unaccounted for .
But the IFS said Conservative plans to raise taxes by £ 14bn looked optimistic , given the party 's commitment to scrap a rise in national insurance , and added that a further rise of £ 3.5 bn would be necessary .
The Liberal Democrats ' plans to raise taxes by £ 20bn matched the party 's current budget plans , the IFS said , but it meant they would have to make the harshest cuts later on in the parliament .
In presenting the report , the IFS director , Robert Chote , criticised all three parties for failing to spell out their budget plans more clearly to voters .
" Given that this fiscal repair job is likely to be the major domestic policy challenge for the next government , it is striking how reticent all three main UK parties have been in explaining how they would confront the task , " he said .
The IFS also said government borrowing over the next few years would be broadly similar for the three major parties .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Animals ' right to privacy is being denied by makers of television wildlife documentaries according to new research .
Dr Brett Mills from the University of East Anglia argues that while wildlife programmes can play a vital role in engaging citizens in environmental debates , in order to ' do good ' they must inevitably deny many species the right to privacy .
Published in the current issue of Continuum : Journal of Media and Cultural Studies , Dr Mills ' study ' Television wildlife documentaries and animals ' right to privacy ' analyses the ' making of ' documentaries that accompanied the BBC wildlife series Nature 's Great Events ( 2009 ) .
Exploring the debates on ethics , animal welfare and rights and human rights , Dr Mills suggests that animals have a right to privacy but this is turned into a challenge for the production teams , who use newer forms of technology to overcome species ' desire not to be seen .
" The aim of the research is to encourage debate , especially within the contemporary environmental context where it is now commonplace for us to question the impact of human movement and behaviour around the globe , " explained Dr Mills , a senior lecturer in the School of Film and Television Studies .
" In addition , though , perhaps there is an argument for some species , in some circumstances , not to be filmed .
At the moment it seems that such arguments are never put forward . "
He added : " This is an important debate for two reasons .
Firstly , wildlife documentaries are usually seen as important pieces of public service broadcasting , and it's therefore worth us thinking about the ethical contexts within which such productions exist .
Secondly , such documentaries are the key way in which many people ' encounter ' a range of species from all over the globe , and so they therefore contribute to how we think about other species and human / animal interactions .
By exploring what wildlife documentaries do , and how they do it , I hope to contribute to environmental debates at a time when the global effects of human behaviour are rightly under scrutiny . "
At the heart of the documentary project is the necessity for animals to be seen .
Dr Mills suggests that this necessity itself raises a series of ethical concerns , but these seem to be sidelined in the moral debates surrounding wildlife documentaries .
The use of sophisticated aerial technology to film animals , for example , is justified because it does not disturb them , yet the question of whether it is appropriate to film animals in this way is not raised .
Underpinning such action is an assumption that animals have no right to privacy , and that the camera crew have no need to determine whether those animals consent to being filmed .
Unlike human activities , a distinction of the public and the private is not made in the animal world .
There are many activities which animals engage in which are common to wildlife documentary stories but which are rendered extremely private in the human realm ; mating , giving birth , and dying are recurring characteristics in nature documentaries , but the human version of these activities remains largely absent from broadcasting .
Dr Mills said : " It might at first seem odd to claim that animals might have a right to privacy .
Privacy , as it is commonly understood , is a culturally human concept .
The key idea is to think about animals in terms of the public / private distinction .
We can never really know if animals are giving consent , but they often do engage in forms of behaviour which suggest they 'd rather not encounter humans , and we might want to think about equating this with a desire for privacy .
" When confronted with such ' secretive ' behaviour the response of the wildlife documentary is to read it as a challenge to be overcome with the technologies of television .
The question constantly posed by wildlife documentaries is how animals should be filmed : they never ask whether animals should be filmed at all . "
A justification could be made for filming animals as they roam plains and deserts and engage in hunting activities because these are ' public ' events , which take place in locations which include many other animals , and in which the animal being filmed makes no explicit attempt to not be seen .
Yet animal activities which might equate with human notions of the private are treated in a way which suggests the public / private distinction does not hold .
For example , many species could be read as desiring not to be seen - animals in burrows and nests have constructed a living space which equates with the human concept of the home , and commonly do this in locations which are , by their very nature , explicitly hidden , often for practical purposes .
" Human notions of privacy which rest on ideas of location or activity are ignored in terms of animals .
It does n't matter what an animal does , or where it does it , it will be deemed fair game for the documentary , " said Dr Mills .
Distinctions between the public and private are enshrined within broadcasting regulations , with privacy placed within ethical categories of human rights .
Central to broadcasters ' relationship with its public is that in order to be filmed , the public must first offer their consent .
If they do n't , broadcasters must not infringe privacy unless there is a pressing justification to do so .
" While never made explicit , such regulations assume that such ethics are applicable to humans only , " said Dr Mills .
" The ethical standards applying to wildlife programmes are predominately predicated on ensuring that ' audiences should never be deceived or misled by what they see or hear ' , that is the ' contract with the viewer ' is prioritised over the rights of the animals .
In doing so , an assumption is made here about the differences between humans and animals , which have been at the heart of debates over animal rights and the ethical treatment of animals for millennia .
" The environmental and educational aspects of wildlife documentaries are assumed to trump ethical concerns about animals ' privacy .
It is an impressive piece of ethical manipulation , whereby privacy , so enshrined within the concepts of rights for humans , becomes merely a ' realm ' which documentary makers can enter , justifying their actions as ones for the benefit of the very species whose rights are being moralised away . "
###
Other worthwhile initiatives aimed at opening up scholarship to the public are emerging too .
Thanks to the pioneering efforts of Robert Darnton — efforts at times opposed by fellow giants in the field such as Anthony Grafton — the Faculty of Arts and Sciences at Harvard has begun to put its members ’ forthcoming scholarly articles on a public - domain website , managed by the newly established university library ’s Office for Scholarly Communications .
The Association of College and Research Libraries is searching for solutions to the periodicals crisis .
The National Institutes of Health , which direct some $ 29 billion per year for biomedical research , stipulate that their 325,000 or so grantees must publish their NIH - supported research in PubMedCentral .
The UK ’s largest biomedical research charity , the Wellcome Trust , encourages open access , and the seven UK Research Councils are “ committed to the guiding principles that publicly funded research must be made available to the public and remain accessible for future generations . ”
Dutch universities are pioneers in this field , not least in how they cooperate with each other .
Physicists have run an open - access pre-print archive for years , first at Los Alamos and now at Cornell .
There is the Public Library of Science , the Open Knowledge Commons , OpenCourseWare , the Open Content Alliance , the Internet Archive , Creative Commons , the Budapest Open Access Initiative , and so on .
The great libraries of the West understand that they can no longer compete against each other as to who can warehouse the most treasures .
But if the collectivities of libraries are to remain the guardians of our patrimony , as they must , how do they divide that task between themselves ?
Increasingly ( and encouragingly ) , they agree that stewardship must be joint , cross-unit , and complementary — a mash - up , even .
Innovations and ideas abound , such as joint rather than parallel collecting of duplicative materials , strengthening the Centre for Research Libraries and other membership organizations , inter-library loan services , “ joint - view ” union catalogues , common licenses and joint negotiations for e-resources , coordinated collection developments and storage protocols , etc .
These are matters of electronic knowledge management , and their operations are contested , via uneasy and shifting alliances between IT support and library staff .
And critical questions of governance remain .
How does one manage outsourcing , leases , and rents , while still ensuring permanent access to permanent content ?
In a mash - up , who takes what responsibility for materials being captured , curated , preserved , ordered , and delivered ?
Who plants the flag , asserting that we are here for centuries to come ?
Yes , there are worthwhile initiatives to make scholarship public .
But wider and deeper collective action is needed .
We need a greater sense of urgency .
We need more alliances , outreach and advocacy work .
We need to embrace the neo-Gutenbergian shift , this disaggregating and democratizing rupture of time and space , whose profound cultural significance and depth none of us have yet fully grasped .
Why not a legal nudge — a presumption of open access along the lines of presumed organ donor intent ?
Could copyright be revocable — a lease , rather than a sale ?
Could copyright be deemed to automatically lapse when it stops generating income ?
At the very least , should n't copyright have to be asserted and renewed , in order to remain in force ?
A more public - minded policy at the university presses would make a great difference , too .
The presses could , for example , release their back lists into the public domain .
Could university libraries be more imaginative ?
Could we make alumni lifelong members ?
Could the materials held by the open universities in England and Israel become , well , open ?
Could we develop pay - per - view portals into scholarly resources that are invoiced monthly and electronically ?
And in doing so could we , ahem , lower prices ?
The Journal of Interdisciplinary History , for example , optimistically charges $ 10 for a book review , and the average price for a JSTOR article — if you are lucky enough to find one the publisher is willing to sell — is approximately $ 17 .
Compare that to iTunes !
Could we digitize out - of - copyright books on demand and for a small fee , so that members of the public could “ liberate ” their chosen books ?
Could university catalogues be turned into blogs ?
That is to say , could university members — or the public — add commentaries and hyperlinks ?
After all , views could be switched between catalogue - only , university - affiliate - commentary–only , and open commentary .
And today ’s filters remove defamatory or offensive comments .
At the very least , if libraries are to continue in their traditional role , as reliable repositories of our cultural memories and collective knowledge — that is , if libraries are to become the spiders in the internet — their catalogues need to provide reliable URLs , backed by long - term maintenance policies and institutional guarantees .
The alternative is to rely on Google ’s search - engine algorithms , which is to say , on ephemeral beauty contests .
This truck right here 's the one they took .
LOGANSPORT , IN — Right out there , right in plain damn sight , a pickup truck got stoled last night out by the Murphy place , sources done reported Thursday .
Advertisement
According to eyewitnesses who seen it parked there , the truck , one of them nice Ford F - 150 XLTs with the 4x4 and some real professional - type detail work that probably cost a bundle , was black .
" Everyone knows that 's my truck .
Why 'd someone go and take it ? " said owner Dale Hest , 35 , the stepson of ol ' Otto Murphy .
" I just do n't get it . "
Advertisement
" Had my fishing lures in the backseat , too , " Hest added .
" The good ones I use for bass . "
An investigation on the truck - stealing reportedly got underway real quick , but Logansport police said they ain't got a hint who done it .
What with the broke glass all over the ground by where it was , it looks like the window got bust , and officers confirmed the thief might 've found the spare key in the glove box and just drove 'er right off .
Advertisement
Hest said you can bet that ol ' boy who stealed the truck is having him a time off - roading , towing a bass boat , or such .
" At this time , we have patrolmen going round countywide , checking salvage yards and car lots to see if some fella's been trying to sell a Ford , " investigator Craig Schwanz said .
" Problem is , trucks get stoled all the time .
And a pretty one like that could look real fine to a guy comin ' along who happens to want himself a truck . "
Advertisement
Hest got the pickup with money borrowed to him by his brother - in - law , saying he needed it for his carpentry business , though Hest reportedly could have got a more used truck that was less fancy if he was just gonna fill it full of tools and whatnot .
According to most folks , the guy that took the truck was probably that Jensen boy , which 'd figure , on account of he spent time in juvie for stealing cartons of cigarettes down to the Huck 's and then selling them to other schoolkids , and he only got out ' cause they could n't by law keep him no more .
Advertisement
Others reckon it ain't happened anything like that , and the thieves are liable to just be young boys doing as young boys will , not meaning no real harm or nothing .
Still and all , sources said , that do n't bring Dale Hest 's truck back .
" I'm praying for him , " said Melanie Hofer , who 's kin to Hest on her mother 's side .
" He should count his blessings that it was just his truck and that the good Lord spared him and his family getting hurt .
At least they left the [ old Toyota Tacoma he picked up offa his cousin down by Indianapolis ] so he can still get around .
That 's a blessing right there . "
Advertisement
Local crime statistics indicate this ain't the first time by a long shot a truck been stoled round these parts past few months .
Back about July , Doug Hensley had his half - ton dually with the Hemi took from the Hardee 's parking lot , even though he were n't in there but for 15 minutes .
Furthermore , a UPS truck got reported as stoled in March , but that was because he left the keys right in there , and you can't do that , and anyhow , it turned up a couple blocks away .
People in Logansport are like to believe that , if this trend continues , their own truck could be next .
Advertisement
" Let 's see 'em try and get mine , " said resident Jeff Kramer , a drunk but a good guy basically , who owns a pickup .
" All they 're gonna get 's a size - 12 boot up their ass . "
With little to do but sit and wait , Hest said he hopes his truck will turn up somewheres pretty soon , ' cause that load of cinder blocks ai n't haulin ' itself up to Winamac .
It is developing technology , already being nicknamed the " iKey " , which will mean that rather than carrying around a bunch of keys , people will be able to use a single electronic device to unlock their car , front door and gain access to their office .
Potty Parity : Congress Weighs Equal Toilets for Women , Men in Federal Buildings
N.Y. Rep. Ed Towns Wants 1 to 1 Ratio for Toilets in Federal Buildings
Long waits to use women 's restroom facilities are a familiar , if not uncomfortable and exasperating reality for many women in public buildings , sports arenas , theaters and airports across the country .
But it 's also an experience some women describe as gender discrimination -- a remnant of inequality from decades past that 's due to be overturned .
If a bipartisan group of congressional members have their way , the path to restroom gender parity -- and shorter waits for women -- will soon begin with all new federal buildings .
Rep. Edolphus Towns , D - N.Y. , Rep. Darrell Issa , R - Calif. , and several others want the government to require all newly constructed or leased federal buildings to have a 1 to 1 ratio for toilets , including urinals , in women 's and men's restrooms .
The so - called " Potty Parity " bill would end what they call the " unfathomable " discrimination women face by the infrastructure disparities in their workplaces .
" It 's very troubling that you may be more likely to see in federal buildings women waiting in line for a restroom than you are to see them on the floor of the Senate , " said Erin Matson , spokeswoman for the National Organization for Women , which supports the bill .
" Federal buildings continue to have far more restrooms for men than for women because they were built during a time when there was an assumption that women did n't really need to be in there , " she said .
The bill would apply only to new federal structures and not existing federal buildings , unless they are undergoing renovation .
It also includes an exemption clause in the event a 1 to 1 ratio is not feasible .
" This type of infrastructure is grossly archaic ; it is imperative that we ensure women are not placed in situations that will force discomfort due to sensitive medical situations and restrict their choice of work location , " Towns and Issa wrote in a letter to their colleagues .
A previous version of the bill which had advocated a 2 to 1 female to male ratio for toilets and included broader mandates to include non-government buildings , like restaurants and ballparks , failed to garner enough support .
National restroom and restaurant groups have opposed the 2 to 1 ratio and attempts to impose sweeping guidelines for private businesses .
Towns , who chairs the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , says as gender parity continues to gain importance in society , solving the problem must begin with addressing " insufficient facilities for women in public buildings . "
Potty Disparity Tied to Discrimination
Public restrooms are one of the few remaining manifestations of " deeply rooted problems of discrimination , among race , physical ability , and gender , " Towns said .
The bill , which is co-sponsored by Rep. Pete Visclosky , D - Ind. , and Yvette Clarke , D - N.Y. , has been referred to the Oversight and Government Reform Committee for consideration .
ABC News ' Tom Shine contributed to this report .
WASHINGTON ( AFP ) – Ã¢â‚¬â€ œ
The Taliban Wednesday released a new video said to be of US soldier Bowe Robert Bergdahl begging the US government to intervene and win his release after nine months in captivity in Afghanistan .
Looking lean , but fit , Bergdahl , who said his duty station was in Fort Richardson , Alaska , appeared in combat fatigues in the seven minute 55 second video which was picked up and distributed by the SITE monitoring service .
ADVERTISEMENT
In his often emotional plea , Bergdahl , who was captured in Afghanistan on June 30 , listed the names of his family and friends and described what he loved doing best .
“ I love motorcycles .
I love sailing and anything with two wheels or a sail , ” he said staring into the camera , and indicating that the video was recorded this week .
Bergdahl was the first American soldier to be captured in Afghanistan since the US - led war in 2001 .
He clasped his hands in prayer as he begged : “ Let me go … get me released …
This war is n’t worth the waste of human life that has cost both the Afghanistan and the US .
“ It ’s not worth the amount of lives that have been wasted in prisons , Guantanamo Bay , Bagram , all those places where we are keeping prisoners .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I am a prisoner .
I want to go home …
Every day I want to go home .
The pain in my heart to see my family does n’t get any smaller .
Release me .
Please I ’m begging you , bring me home .
Bring us all home back to our families . ”
At the end of the video , Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid says the militants were demanding the release of a limited number of prisoners in exchange for Bergdahl .
Bergdahl said in an earlier video that he was captured when he fell behind his unit in Afghanistan .
ADVERTISEMENT
He said in Wednesday ’s video that he was being well treated and allowed to move around and exercise before showing his fitness by doing some push - ups and squats .
Protest march to replace gun-law rally in Campbell
Jeanne Starmack
Vindy.com
Thursday , April 15 , 2010
A rally that was planned to protest a ban on gun sales within city limits is turning into a quick protest march , and its organizer is backing out of promoting it .
The Youngstown State University branch of the Young Americans for Liberty had planned a rally at the city building on Tenney Avenue on Saturday afternoon .
But Varg Freeborn , the YSU chapter ’s president , said Tuesday that the city police chief has ordered the group to pay $ 2,000 for four to six police officers to work at the rally .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
Freeborn said the group is withdrawing its request for a permit to have the rally because it does n’t have the money .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Freeborn told The Vindicator that it appears the group is being made to pay for exercising its right to free speech .
“ We have the right to peaceably assemble , ” he said .
Full story here .
This article was posted : Thursday , April 15 , 2010 at 9:54 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
One man has been shot dead by the military and over 160 arrested for expropriating necessities in parts of southern Chile , which are suffering a near total lack of basic commodities following a massive earthquake on Saturday morning .
Various voices are starting to emerge from the devastated region , denouncing the urgency of the Chilean government - under the control of left - of - centre Michele Bachelet until she hands over to right wing Sebastián Piñera on 11 March - in deploying thousands of soldiers and police blockading supermarket entrances against ' looters ' instead of initiating a comprehensive aid effort .
Many groups , in calling for civil disobedience against the machine - gun wielding military on their rubble - strewn street corners , have drawn comparisons with the military dictatorship of 1973 - 90 .
Some parts of the country , such as the rural area around Concepción ( Chile 's second city ) , are completely devoid of even the most rudimentary services , implying that Bachelet et al are prepared to let their citizens starve in order to assert the " rule of order " .
The chaos in the quake zone has been further compounded by contradictory statements from on high : while one missive ordered supermarkets to distribute basic foodstuffs for free , a regional military commander promised a " severe response " to looting .
And as the desperate and the hungry start to target smaller , less well - protected businesses , authorities in Concepción - as well as the regions of Maule and Bio Bio , amongst others - have imposed an indefinite , military - enforced curfew from 9 pm - 6 am .
The efficiency of the military in protecting shopfronts is in marked contrast with the clumsiness of the relief effort , which has already seen disaster in the crash landing of a plane on its way to Concepción , killing six aid workers .
Meanwhile , in Santiago , the nation 's capital , two occupied social centre reported material damage to their buildings , with others yet to make public pronouncements .
Inmates in one Santiago area prison took advantage of the chaos following the 8.8 Richter scale quake - which currently has a death count of well over 700 nationally - to initiate a large - scale escape , with over 200 prisoners breaking free .
Around 130 individuals are still at large .
The physical well - being - and location - of a number of ' anarchist ' prisoners in the Santiago region are still yet to be clarified .
News is also nervously awaited from a number of groups and initiatives in the north of the country .
Updates will be posted to Libcom as and when they emerge .
In southern Bolivia , there is a mountain called Cerro Rico — “ the hill of wealth . ”
It is a pale , bald rock , crisscrossed with dirt roads that climb the slope like shoelaces .
More than four thousand mining tunnels have so thoroughly riddled its interior that the mountain is in danger of collapse .
Its base is ringed with slums that spill into the old city of Potosí , a World Heritage site .
Evo Morales , the President of Bolivia , recently told me that he and his countrymen see Potosí as “ a symbol of plunder , of exploitation , of humiliation . ”
The city represents a might - have - been Bolivia : a country that had capitalized on its astounding mineral wealth to become a major industrial power .
Such a Bolivia could easily have been imagined in 1611 , when Potosí was one of the biggest cities in the world , with a hundred and eighty thousand inhabitants — roughly the size of London at the time .
Although Potosí began as a mining town , with the saloons and gaming houses that accompany men on the frontier , it soon had magnificent churches and theatres , and more than a dozen dance academies .
From the middle of the sixteenth century until the middle of the seventeenth , half the silver produced in the New World came from Cerro Rico .
Carlos Mesa , a historian who served as Bolivia ’s President from 2003 to 2005 , told me , “ It was said throughout the Spanish empire , ‘ This is worth a Potosí , ’ when speaking of luck or riches . ”
Potosí is now one of the poorest places in what has long been one of the poorest countries in South America .
Across the divide of the industrial revolution , there is another city whose promise of greatness now lies in ruins : Detroit .
Even before the Curved Dash Oldsmobile rolled off the assembly line , in 1901 , becoming the first mass - produced American car , Detroit was a showplace of labor , its huge factories producing iron , copper , freight cars , ships , pharmaceuticals , and beer .
Following Oldsmobile ’s lead , carmakers such as Ford , Packard , and Cadillac transformed the American economy .
But Detroit ’s triumph was remarkably short - lived .
The city is half the size it was fifty years ago .
Two of the Big Three carmakers , General Motors and Chrysler , went bankrupt in 2009 , and all of them have cut their workforces drastically .
Unemployment in Detroit is at fifteen per cent ; the murder rate is the fourth highest in the country ; and about a third of its citizens live in poverty .
An estimated seventy thousand structures — houses , churches , factories , even skyscrapers — stand empty , many of them vandalized or burned .
Parts of town are being farmed .
Like Bolivia , Detroit is hoping for a second chance .
And both of them are looking to a treasure that could revive their fortunes , and , incidentally , lead the world to a cleaner environment .
That treasure is lithium .
The lightest of any solid element , lithium has , until now , played a modest role in industry .
Silvery in color , and softer than lead , it has been used mainly as an alloy of aluminum , a base for automobile grease , and in the production of glass and ceramics .
It is so unstable that it is never found in its pure form in nature .
Lithium floats on water — or , rather , it skitters wildly about , trailing a vapor cloud of hydrogen , until it dissolves .
Oddly , given its frantically reactive nature , lithium has powerful tranquillizing effects ; it has long been used as a drug to treat mood disorders , especially mania .
In the nineteen - fifties , the U.S. government created a market for lithium when an isotope of the metal turned out to be useful in building thermonuclear weapons .
But demand for lithium , which has corrosive qualities , along with a tendency to spontaneously ignite , otherwise languished .
That suddenly changed with the proliferation of cell phones and laptop computers ; lithium is ideal for making lightweight batteries .
Now , with the emergence of electric cars , lithium could challenge petroleum as the dominant fuel of the future .
And nearly half the world ’s known resources are buried beneath vast salt flats in southwestern Bolivia , the largest of which is called the Salar de Uyuni .
Bolivians have begun to speak of their country becoming “ the Saudi Arabia of lithium . ”
Yet it ’s not clear that Bolivia is capable of making money off its trove .
Morales , who is closely aligned with the populist socialism of Hugo Chávez , the President of Venezuela , is prone to revolutionary declarations : “ Either capitalism dies or else Planet Earth dies . ”
Such rhetoric tends to scare away the kind of foreign investment that would facilitate the development of the Salar .
Then there is Bolivia ’s lack of infrastructure : electricity , water , and gas are sparsely distributed , and few of the country ’s roads are paved .
Before Bolivia can hope to exploit a twenty - first - century fuel , it must first develop the rudiments of a twentieth - century economy .
The Salar is approached from a single - lane dirt road that winds down from the Andes , twisting through bright canyons and dry plains where llamas and vicuñas graze .
Flamingos high - step through shallow ponds .
Until recently , glaciers covered Bolivia ’s mountaintops , but global warming has caused much of the ice to recede , diminishing the country ’s water supply .
Just outside Uyuni , a mud - brick town perched on the perimeter of the salt flat , the scrubby landscape fills with litter , and colorful plastic shopping bags flutter in the branches of queñua trees .
Entering the town , you encounter a welcoming committee of baying dogs .
The local airport has been closed for years .
Uyuni , which has a population of ten thousand , is only two hundred miles from the Pacific Ocean , but for more than a century Bolivia ’s access to the sea has been blocked by its historic enemy , Chile .
The country is landlocked and isolated — “ an island surrounded by land , ” as Fernando Molina , a journalist and one of Bolivia ’s best - known intellectuals , described it to me .
“ A third of the country is above three thousand metres , and the rest lies below , at a really strong pitch .
Our capacity to transport things is terrible .
The geography makes it hard to produce anything , because we ca n’t move it . ”
“ Go back to bed or we ’ll make you watch Jay Leno . ” Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
The Salar looks like a frozen sea .
Blindingly white and covering four thousand square miles — twice the size of Delaware — the Salar is visible from the moon .
( Neil Armstrong mistook it for a giant glacier . )
One legend among local Indians is that the Salar was created when the goddess of a nearby volcano angrily pulled her baby from her breast , and her milk , mixed with her tears , spilled forth .
The Indians , who are mostly Quechua or Aymara , use the salt to make bricks and to feed their animals .
Occasionally , a llama caravan carries salt to cattle herds in the Bolivian lowlands .
In the brief rainy season , a motionless sheet of water covers the salt flat , forming an endless mirror of the sky .
Each winter , interlocking polygonal crystals , resembling oversized bathroom tiles , form on the salt flat ’s surface .
Underneath the thick crust is a layer of brine , where dissolved lithium is found .
For years , the Salar has been a destination for adventure travellers , but there has been little else to support the region ’s economy .
“ We ’ve known since 1985 about the lithium , ” Francisco Quisbert , the head of the campesino federation in Uyuni , told me .
The campesinos in the area repeatedly petitioned the government to mine the Salar , and in 1990 President Jaime Paz Zamora agreed , in principle , to a multiyear contract with the Lithium Corporation of America ( now F.M.C. Corporation ) , which would have allowed the company to take all the lithium it could , giving Bolivia only eight per cent of the profits .
Many Bolivians were outraged over the deal .
When campesinos launched a campaign against it , the Lithium Corporation announced that it was setting up its operations in Argentina , a country that also has lithium reserves .
“ Everyone blamed us , saying we lost an opportunity and it was the only one , ” Quisbert recalled , then cited a Spanish proverb : “ They said we were ‘ the gardener ’s dog ’ — we ca n’t eat , so we wo n’t let others eat , either . ”
Eric Norris , an executive at the mining company , told me that Bolivia was initially considered because of the vastness of its lithium deposits , but that the initiative soon “ became undoable . ”
He explained that , in addition to concerns about the lack of infrastructure and the difficulty of extracting products from the Salar , “ the political environment was not favorable . ”
In 2005 , Morales became the President of Bolivia .
Once again , the campesinos came forward with a proposal for mining the Salar .
Morales agreed to set up a pilot project for extracting and processing the metal .
This time , he promised , Bolivians would remain in charge .
As he has put it , “ The state will never lose sovereignty when it comes to lithium . ”
Marcelo Castro , the head engineer of the pilot project , drove me to see one of the test sites in the Salar .
He wore wraparound sunglasses to block the glare ; the whiteness of the landscape was interrupted only by jagged Andean peaks , on the horizon .
“ The lithium can be processed economically , because we use the evaporative process , ” Castro told me as we walked across the Salar in hiking boots , the salt crunching underfoot .
There was a pickup truck and a steamroller ; they looked like children ’s toys left on a sprawling beach .
Nearby was a kind of Toonerville Trolley , where the workers at this remote research station were living .
A shallow square pool had been cut into the salt crust and flooded with milky blue brine .
Left exposed to the wind and the sun , the brine would turn into a pile of manganese , potassium , borax , and lithium salts , which would then be filtered and placed into another pool , then another .
After about a year and a half , it would be possible for lithium carbonate to be chemically separated from the remaining elements .
The process was overseen by a ministry of “ evaporative resources . ”
Castro , an expansive and passionate man with wild flowing hair , who repeatedly stopped to marvel at the progress that had been made , said that the project would eventually involve about thirty acres of such pools .
“ Before , the pilot plant was a dream , ” he said .
“ Now it is being lived . ”
The pilot project is a crucial test for the government , but it is only a portion of what Morales has promised .
Early one morning last November , I joined the President on the campaign trail ; he was running for reëlection .
( On December 6th , he won , by an overwhelming margin . )
Morales was headed to the northeastern province of Beni , in the Amazon basin .
He normally flies in a twenty - year - old Fokker passenger plane , but today he was taking the Vice - Presidential craft , a six - seater that could land on the short dirt strips where we would be alighting .
The little plane rose over La Paz , the capital , which nestles high on an Andean slope .
The mountains quickly fell away as we flew over the largely trackless interior .
Morales , looking out the window , vowed that the Salar “ cannot be another Cerro Rico . ”
Bolivia , he said , would no longer export its raw materials without benefitting from the additional value that the industrialized world gained from them .
Not only would the country mine and process lithium on its own ; it would also make batteries — and , eventually , cars .
“ From this brine , there will be lithium cars coming out of Bolivia , ” Morales told me .
“ This is the dream .
Without dreams , what ’s anything worth ?
Dreams become reality . ”
The battery , which was invented in 1800 by Alessandro Volta , is a seemingly simple device .
It is typically composed of two differently charged electrodes — an anode and a cathode — immersed in an electrolyte , a material that allows a current to flow between them .
When you switch on a battery , you complete a circuit that allows negatively charged electrons to flow from the anode toward the cathode , generating energy .
For decades , cars have contained lead - acid batteries , which power the ignition and the electrical systems .
Such batteries can also propel an electric car , but they are bulky and , compared with gasoline , pack less punch .
A decade ago , G.M. produced an electric car , the EV1 , which used twenty - six linked lead - acid batteries ; the car had to recharge every seventy miles .
A second version , using a nickel - based battery , extended the range to a hundred and ten miles , but the battery was extremely heavy .
Another option was lithium , which is eight times lighter than nickel .
In the nineteen - seventies , scientists at Exxon had developed a battery that had an anode of lithium aluminum oxide and a cathode of titanium disulfide .
The battery was relatively weak , and there were some mishaps in the lab .
“ They had a few explosions , and decided to get out of the alternative - energy business , ” John Goodenough , a material scientist at the University of Texas , recalls .
Goodenough decided to give the lithium - ion battery a try .
He built a prototype , using lithium cobalt oxide as the cathode , and it provided double the energy of any other similar - sized battery .
In 1991 , Sony used Goodenough ’s insights to produce the first commercial lithium - ion battery , provoking a revolution in the consumer - electronics industry .
An early cell phone , the Motorola DynaTAC , weighed twenty - eight ounces when it appeared , in 1983 , and allowed only thirty minutes of talk time per charge .
In 1996 , using lithium - ion technology , Motorola introduced the StarTAC , weighing three ounces and lasting an hour .
Lithium-ion batteries soon became standard in laptops and P.D.A.s .
“ Nice little touch of humility ! ” Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
In the past decade , lithium technology has migrated to the auto industry .
In 2006 , a group of California entrepreneurs unveiled the Tesla Roadster , a sports car fuelled by a battery consisting , essentially , of sixty - eight hundred lithium - ion laptop batteries .
The Roadster can travel two hundred and fifty miles on a single charge , and accelerate from zero to sixty in under four seconds .
More recently , G.M. has staked its future on the Chevrolet Volt , a hybrid with a lithium - ion battery , which goes on sale later this year .
In defending recent changes to the iPhone SDK agreement , Steve Jobs made a general argument about platforms :
We ’ve been there before , and intermediate layers between the platform and the developer ultimately produces sub - standard apps and hinders the progress of the platform .
Since iTunes for Windows uses non-native APIs such as CoreFoundation and CoreGraphics , Steve Jobs is effectively calling iTunes for Windows a sub-standard app .
Is iTunes hindering the progress of the Windows platform by not taking advantage of the latest native Windows APIs ?
By Steve ’s logic , Microsoft should start banning apps such as iTunes from Windows .
BAGHDAD ( AFP ) Ã¢â‚¬â€ œ
The families of two Reuters news agency employees killed in a 2007 US helicopter attack in Baghdad on Thursday demanded justice , telling AFP the Americans responsible should stand trial .
Graphic video footage of the shooting , which left several other people dead and wounded two children , was published on the Internet by WikiLeaks , a website that discloses information obtained from whistleblowers .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The truth came out and the whole world saw .
The American pilot should be judged by international justice and we want compensation because the act left orphans , ” said Safa Chmagh , whose brother Saeed Chmagh , a Reuters driver , died .
“ He ( the pilot ) killed unarmed innocent people , among them a photographer whose camera was very visible .
On top of that when they evacuated the wounded they opened fire again , ” said Safa , whose brother was 44 when killed .
Nameer Nooraddin Hussein , a 22 - year - old photographer with Reuters , was also shot to death .
The families said they have until now received no compensation for the incident which took place on July 12 , 2007 .
The video included audio conversations between Apache helicopter pilots and controllers where the US military identified the men in a Baghdad street in broad daylight as armed insurgents and asked for permission to open fire .
The footage showed the Reuters men and other Iraqis gunned down in the Ameen district of Baghdad in a hail of cannon fire from an Apache ’s gunner .
ADVERTISEMENT
Saeed Chmagh ’s grieving son Salwan , 20 , was deeply disturbed by the footage which was aired on Arab television channels and seen by more than four million people on the Internet .
“ I want the American pilot who killed my father to be judged , ” he exclaimed , while close to tears in the Chmagh family ’s Baghdad home .
“ Why did he do that ?
Were the victims not innocent ?
Were they not human beings ?
We want our father , ” he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Samer Chmagh , the murdered Reuters driver ’s second son , said he did not understand why the US helicopter had opened fire .
“ They were not members of a militia .
Everybody saw from the pictures that they were journalists , ” he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
The father of Reuters photographer Hussein , speaking to AFP from the northern city of Mosul , also demanded justice and called for a tribunal in The Hague .
“ The innocents were killed in cold blood , ” said Nooraddin Hussein , 63 .
“ I was very sad when I saw the images but today at least the American people will know the troops of their army were pleased to kill people . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The White House on Tuesday described the leaked footage as “ tragic ” but President Barack Obama ’s spokesman Robert Gibbs said US forces in war zones take pains to avoid civilian casualties .
The Pentagon has not disputed that the video is authentic .
We 've seen leaks of the HTC Legend and Desire ( formerly known as Bravo ) previously , but what look like the official pics and specs for those and the Touch HD Mini have appeared a day ahead of HTC 's MWC press conference .
Advertisement
The Desire , pictured above , will reportedly pack a 1GHz Snapdragon processor , a 3.7 - inch AMOLED screen and will run Android 2.1 with HTC Sense .
The Legend looks to have a 3.1 " HVGA screen , a 5 megapixel camera , and a 600 MHz CPU , while the HD Mini is a WinMo 6.5 handset with a 3.2 " HVGA screen , 5 megapixel camera , and HTC TouchFlo 3D .
Advertisement
Full specs , from the Android forum at MoDaCo :
HTC Desire ( Bravo )
* CPU Speed - 1 GHz
* Platform - Android™ 2.1 ( Éclair ) with HTC SenseTM
* Memory - ROM : 512 MB , RAM : 576 MB
* Dimensions - ( LxWxT ) 119 x 60 x 11.9 mm ( 4.7 x 2.36 x 0.47 inches )
* Weight - 135 grams ( 4.76 ounces ) with battery
* Display - 3.7 - inch AMOLED touch - sensitive screen with 480 X 800 WVGA resolution
* Network - HSPA / WCDMA :
o Europe / Asia : 900/2100 MHz
o Upload speed of up to 2 Mbps and download speed of up to 7.2 Mbps
* Quad - band GSM / GPRS / EDGE :
o 850/900/1800/1900 MHz
( Band frequency , HSPA availability , and data speed are operator dependent . )
* Onscreen navigation - Optical Trackball
* GPS - Internal GPS antenna
* Sensors -
o Proximity sensor
o Ambient light sensor
o G - Sensor
o Digital compass
* Connectivity - Bluetooth ® 2.1 with FTP / OPP for file transfer , A2DP for wireless stereo headsets ,
and PBAP for phonebook access from the car kit
* Wi-Fi® - IEEE 802.11 b/g
* 3.5 mm stereo audio jack
* Standard Micro-USB ( 5 - pin micro- USB 2.0 )
* Camera - 5 megapixel color camera with auto focus and flashlight
* Audio supported formats
o Playback : .aac , .amr , .ogg , .m4a , .mid , .mp3 , .wav , .wma ,
o Recording : .amr
* Video supported formats
o Playback : .3gp , .3g2 , .mp4 , .wmv
o · Recording : .3gp
* Battery - Rechargeable Lithium-ion battery
* Capacity - 1400 mAh
* Talk time :
o Up to 390 minutes for WCDMA
o Up to 400 minutes for GSM
* Standby time :
o Up to 360 hours for WCDMA
o Up to 340 hours for GSM
* Expansion Slot - microSD ™ memory card ( SD 2.0 compatible )
* AC Adapter Voltage range / frequency - 100 ~ 240 V AC , 50/60 Hz
* DC output - 5 V and 1 A
* Special Feature - Friend Stream
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
HTC Legend
* CPU speed - 600 MHz
* Platform
- Android™ 2.1 ( Éclair ) with HTC Sense
* Memory ROM - 512 MB , RAM : 384 MB
* Dimensions - ( LxWxT ) 112 x 56.3 x 11.5 mm ( 4.41 x 2.22 x 0.45 inches )
* Weight - 126 grams ( 4.44 ounces ) with battery
* Display - 3.2 - inch AMOLED touch - sensitive screen with 320 X 480 HVGA resolution
* Network - HSPA / WCDMA :
o Europe / Asia : 900/2100 MHz
o Upload speed of up to 2 Mbps and download speed of up to 7.2 Mbps
* Quad - band GSM / GPRS / EDGE :
o 850/900/1800/1900 MHz
* Onscreen navigation - Optical trackball
* GPS - Internal GPS antenna
* Sensors -
o G - Sensor
o Digital compass
o Proximity sensor
o Ambient light sensor
* Connectivity - Bluetooth ® 2.1 with FTP / OPP for file transfer , A2DP for wireless stereo headsets , and PBAP for
phonebook access from the car kit
* Wi-Fi® - IEEE 802.11 b/g
* 3.5 mm stereo audio jack
* Standard Micro-USB ( 5 - pin micro- USB 2.0 )
* Camera - 5 megapixel color camera with auto focus and flash
* Audio supported formats -
o Playback : .aac , .amr , .ogg , .m4a , .mid , .mp3 , .wav , .wma
o Recording : .amr
* Video supported formats -
o Playback : .3gp , .3g2 , .mp4 , .wmv
o Recording : .3gp
* Battery - Rechargeable Lithium-ion polymer or Lithium-ion battery
* Capacity - 1300 mAh
* Talk time -
o Up to 440 minutes for WCDMA
o Up to 490 minutes for GSM
* Standby time -
o Up to 560 hours for WCDMA
o Up to 440 hours for GSM
* Expansion slot - microSD ™ memory card ( SD 2.0 compatible )
* AC adapter - Voltage range / frequency : 100 ~ 240V AC , 50/60 Hz
* DC output - 5V and 1A
* Special feature - Friend Stream
Advertisement
HTC Touch HD Mini
Advertisement
( Full specs unavailable ) .
[ MoDaCo ]
Epsilon Aurigae was first given serious , systematic , scientific scrutiny in 1821 .
Early modern astronomers correctly classified it as an eclipsing binary variable star , with an invisible partner that will periodically dim the light as it eclipses the main star from the perspective of Earth .
This happens every 27 years , and Epsilon Aurigae 's apparent brightness drops for a period of more than a year .
The nature of this partner has remained a mystery , even though we 've been observing the star for nearly two centuries .
Over the years , different ideas have come and gone .
Early hypotheses as to the nature of Epsilon Aurigae was that it is a F - type supergiant star with a mass of over 15 solar masses .
For the darker companion , people have proposed that it is an infrared star , a black hole complete with accretion disk , or ( most recently ) a disk of opaque material orbiting the companion star .
The difficulty with the most recent interpretation is the improbability of the orbits .
For the latter case to be correct , then the orbit of the disk around the darker companion star would have to be in the same plane as the orbit of the darker object ( companion star ) around Epsilon Aurigae , which would in turn have to be the exact same plane as Earth 's vantage point in order to produce the sequence of events we observe here on Earth .
New , direct , observations show this is indeed the case — look at enough stars , and you 'll apparently see the improbable .
( Insert something about a large number of monkeys randomly banging away on a large number of typewriters knocking out this exact Nobel Intent article given enough time . )
New observations of the system are reported in a letter in last week 's edition of Nature based on data collected using Georgia State University 's Center for High Angular Resolution Astronomy interferometer with the Michigan Infra-Red Combiner .
They 've produced a series of direct images of the 2009 Epsilon Aurigae eclipse ( along with a snapshot from 2008 to use as a baseline ) .
Combining this data and some that is in press from other research groups , the authors report that the main star has a mass of 3.63±0.68 solar masses ( much less massive than earlier estimates ) , its dark companion has a mass of 5.9±0.1 solar masses .
The disk of dust that orbits around the companion has a negligible mass , 0.07 time the mass of the Earth .
From the images , they are able to describe the disk , improbable orbit and all , as a cylinder with a radius of 3.81±0.01 AU ( the distance from the Earth to the Sun ) and a height of 0.76±0.02 AU .
The authors conclude that the disk is an optically thick but geometrically thin , suggesting it is a debris disk as opposed to a young stellar object .
Nature , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1038/nature08968 ( About DOIs ) .
Configuration - Free CPAN Installations and What 's Wrong with Module : : Install both hinted at a fundamental difficulty in managing software from the CPAN .
Enough teasing .
The fundamental assumption of the CPAN that makes managing software through CPAN clients difficult is that newer software can always replace older software .
That 's not the CPAN 's problem , not really .
Perl 5 has this version number problem too , and it's the source of much of the backwards compatibility troubles in the Perl 5 world .
On the CPAN , no one agrees on what version numbers mean .
No one agrees on backwards compatibility concerns .
No one agrees about what makes one release " stable " and another release " testing " or what you can change in an API .
I 'm not sure it 's the job of CPAN or the CPAN maintainers to try to solve this problem .
The lack of rules and ceremony over the function of uploaded code and the loose agreement on the form of uploaded code have allowed CPAN to thrive where other languages with their own packaging and distribution systems have fragmented into incompatible , warring fiefdoms .
Even still , fighting over whether Module : : Build is of the devil because ( insert silly reason here ) or complaining that Module : : Install is a stupid patch over a pile of nasty , almost unsupported hacks misses the real point .
The best possible improvement in the Perl 5 / CPAN ecosystem is to know which versions of which distributions work together , and for end users to be able to download a known - working graph of their desired distribution and its dependencies .
In other words , the big problem is n't that Module : : Install has a nicer interface ( arguable ) or ExtUtils : : MakeMaker is a horrific pile of barely - working hacks that should n't have survived into the 21st century ( indisputable ) .
The problem is the integration of separate components managed by separate maintainers with wildly disparate ideas of the semantics of change over indeterminate periods of time .
At any single given point in time , any given CPAN distribution should work correctly with its currently available upstream dependencies .
With the current system , we cannot guarantee that perturbation in those dependency graphs will percolate to users at any point in the future .
In my mind , arguing over whether an improvement to the CPAN ecosystem can take over for every use case of the current tools is stupid and wrong ( or , more charitably , a silly distraction ) .
Improving the user and developer experiences of the current tools and the current system is good , but the real improvements in the system will not occur at the interface level .
( Of course , the problem with Adam 's point of view is that requiring any credible replacement to handle every possible failure case before stamping it with an imprimatur is that " better " is not an all or nothing concern .
I have no illusion that it 's possible to fix the Perl 5 versioning scheme for every case .
If we can fix it for 90 % of cases , surely that 's a reasonable improvement . )
One need only look at the recent introduction of chocolate Cheerios to fully grasp Americans ’ fondness for the pulp from cacao beans .
Savoring chocolate is normal .
But , researchers said Monday , overindulging in it could be a marker for depression .
Researchers at UC San Diego and UC Davis examined chocolate consumption and other dietary intake patterns among 931 men and women who were not using antidepressants .
The participants were also given a depression screening test .
Those who screened positive for possible depression consumed an average of 8.4 servings of chocolate — defined as one ounce of chocolate candy — per month .
That compared with 5.4 servings per month among people who were not depressed .
Those who scored highest on the mood tests , indicating possible major depression , consumed an average of 11.8 servings per month .
The findings were similar among women and men .
When the researchers controlled for other dietary factors that could be linked to mood — such as caffeine , fat and carbohydrate intake — they found only chocolate consumption correlated with mood .
It ’s not clear how the two are linked , the authors wrote .
It could be that depression stimulates chocolate cravings as a form of self - treatment .
Chocolate prompts the release of certain chemicals in the brain , such as dopamine , that produce feelings of pleasure .
There is no evidence , however , that chocolate has a sustained benefit on improving mood .
Like alcohol , chocolate may contribute a short - term boost in mood followed by a return to depression or a worsened mood .
A study published in 2007 in the journal Appetite found that eating chocolate improved mood but only for about three minutes .
It ’s also possible that depressed people seek chocolate to improve mood but that the trans fats in some chocolate counteract the effect of omega - 3 fatty acid production in the body , the authors said in the paper .
Omega - 3 fatty acids are thought to improve mental health .
Another theory is that chocolate consumption contributes to depression or that some physiological mechanism , such as stress , drives both depression and chocolate cravings .
“ It ’s unlikely that chocolate makes people depressed , ” said Marcia Levin Pelchat , a psychologist who studies food cravings at the Monell Chemical Senses Center in Philadelphia .
She was not involved in the new study .
“ Most people believe the beneficial effects of chocolate are on mood and that they are learned .
You eat chocolate ; it makes you feel good , and sometime when you ’re feeling badly it occurs to you , ‘ Gee , if I eat some chocolate I might feel better . ’ ”
Chocolate is popular in North America and Britain , she said .
But in other cultures , different foods are considered pleasure - inducing pick - me-ups .
“ In the United States , people consider chocolate really tasty , ” Pelchat said .
“ It has a high cultural value .
It ’s an appropriate gift for Valentine ’s Day .
But in China , you might give stuffed snails to someone you really like . ”
shari.roan@latimes.com
Sorry . . . the page you requested could not be found .
It may have moved to a new location .
Please use the Site Map to locate the page .
You can also search for a topic on this site by using the Search option above .
To go on to the main page of this site , click the link below :
chicagomanualofstyle.org
The camper vans we offer are from two of the most highly regarded manufacturers in their industry , HYMER and Carado with German build quality as standard .
To help understand the ranges we have created detailed model pages , making it easy to find the camper van that suits you best .
You are also able to view the camper vans we have in stock for immediate delivery .
The newest trend among vampires seems to be removing any downside at all from actually being a vampire .
Advertisement
We watched the first two episodes of Being Human last night — a British vampire / werewolf series .
And while I 'm grateful that these vampires and werewolves are n't high schoolers and make a stab at something other than stalking young girls and sparkling , I 'm a little ... sigh over the whole thing .
Gone are the days of Nosferatu or even Dracula — apparently vampires can walk around in the daylight now , whether they sparkle or not ( Being Human , The Vampire Diaries , Twilight ) , are universally hot ( everything ever ) , functionally cannot be killed and honestly no one even tries anymore , can see themselves in mirrors most of the time , and can even touch crosses without going up like a roman candle ( True Blood ) .
There is literally no bad in being a vampire except for the blood drinking thing , and being a vegetarian who only drinks cow blood or whatever is pretty much de rigeur for your modern vampire .
Advertisement
So ...essentially you just live forever , right ?
That 's it .
You live forever , are super strong , and smoking hot .
And yet these vampires mope around like this is the greatest burden ever borne by preternaturally attractive man .
The moping was because of the downsides , kids .
Never seeing the sun .
Being unable to have sex or connect with humans .
Being hideous .
The whole moral compass of vampire literature is that yeah , you live forever , but it sucks .
And beneath that is the Christian assumption that you stole eternal life from its proper channels ( Jesus ) and took it for yourself through the devil .
So it 's a black reflection of life in the paradaisical hereafter .
( Also no hereafter for the vampire if you get staked . )
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
There is no reason to get upset because you get to live forever while not being hunted to death by righteous men , having to avoid delicious garlic , while also having every girl or boy in a mile radius fall madly in love with you .
That is not the curse of the ages .
That is awesome .
Advertisement
So seeing the Being Human vampires behaving as though their life is any kind of monstrous travesty ( I wo n't make her a monster ZOMG ! ) is really pretty boring .
Most humans do n't think twice about using others for their own ends and they are n't vampires at all .
Having to live on blood , which is basically all that 's left of the mythos , is not an angstfest .
Some Scottish people are eating black pudding right now without being even a little bit horde of the damned .
I just wish there were any other plot .
One vampire wants to be nice and only eat cows and every other vampire is harshing their squee .
They want to be as much like a human as possible .
Except vampires are humans now , except hot and immortal .
Literally no other difference .
But they 're acting out the same old plots like they 're Bela Lugosi .
It 's way postmodern , if anyone noticed onscreen , which they do n't .
Like 19 year olds acting out stories about their grandparents radical activities in the 60s when they in fact live in a world where all those issues are passe .
Advertisement
I have the same contempt for this plot that I do for the portal fantasy wherein the stupid kid just wants to go home .
It 's exactly the same story .
Once turned into a vampire , with the whole world opened up and turned upside down , become something new and endless and fascinating , the stupid vampire just whines about wanting to be human again .
SHUT UP .
Being human ?
Not that awesome .
In fact , we pretty much suck , and we do n't even sparkle a little .
We 're violent and amoral and devious and angsty .
Just like a vampire .
Only we die , and we still have to eat meat to live until that happens .
And yet any character who up and says : " You know what ?
Being a vampire rules " is immediately a villain and treated with contempt by her maker .
( True Blood , Angel , Being Human , Interview with the Vampire , and ALL OF EVERYTHING , EVER .
Do n't even get me started on how vampires are apparently 99 % male now , and yet the character who enjoys being a vampire is usually female .
Or Ian Somerhalder . )
Advertisement
Given this new breed of vampires , there should be , you know , a new breed of vampires .
For example .
Watching The Vampire Diaries , which is terrible , there 's a scene where the receding hairline vampire high school guy mumbles and looks at his feet and then tells the boring high school girl that he 's " not very good at small talk . "
Advertisement
Well , you fucking well should be , should n't you ?
You 're four hundred years old !
You should be AWESOME at small talk !
You should be like a social Olympic athlete !
You should be all : sometimes I small talk a tree , just for fun !
You should be able to walk into a room and own it like fucking David Bowie , my friend .
What have you been doing all this time ?
Mumbling ?
That does n't even work for mortal boys !
I AM DONE WITH YOU , VAMPIRE FAILURE .
Vampires should be pretty much like mean girls , all the time , only amazing at it .
Flawless .
They 've had time .
Like when you put a penny in a bank account and a thousand years later you 're rich .
Social capital , it is the same .
Those high school kids should never know what hit them because they are amateurs .
Vampires should not be at the approximate social stage of a particularly awkward 14 year old with anxiety issues .
They should be devils in blue dresses .
This is the metaphor : the cool kids are all vampires , and they fuck with you because it 's fun .
Because they 're demons and they like it .
They keep going to high school over and over not to pick up some awkward 16 year old virgin , but because they can get away with shit in the maelstrom of high school that adults would never put up with .
They are Chuck Bass .
All of them .
All the time .
Advertisement
But no , we get the same old mopey crap .
Vampire Dorothy wants to go back to boring human - Kansas .
And the werewolves turn into gross CGI monsters instead of actual wolves and are never , ever as cool as vampires even though I literally do not know a high school girl who would turn down a guy who was an awesome wolf sometimes .
The only thing better would be a were - pony .
I 'm sick of that trope , too .
If we 've decided as a culture that where there is a vampire , there is a werewolf , then werewolves need to up their game a little , instead of being the also - ran in the monster rally .
I mean , the material is all there — vampires are sex and death , werewolves are life and sex , they really do go together — but no one ever does anything with it but yell : Look !
A werewolf !
Now back to the vampire moping on the double !
I demand better .
And this has been my complaining about the state of vampires in our fallen world .
We now return you to your regular sparkly programming .
Advertisement
This post originally appeared on Catherynne Valente 's blog , Rules For Anchorites .
If the first , instant cliché was that " Dave needed a game - changer and did n't get it " , the second ought to have been " Is Clegg what the hype said Cameron was ? "
When all the endless puff pieces wrote up David Cameron 's coming victory , the man that anticipatory narrative required was the man Nick Clegg was being last night .
As the press slimed him , his temper did n't slip , as the biggest opportunity of his life came his way he did n't freeze in the headlights and , when it came to saying nothing competently and plausibly , he 's still the man to beat .
What the debates are proving beyond doubt is that there has been an unadmitted consensus in British politics .
And that 's what has been central to Clegg 's success , for only in The Election with No Issues could the Lib Dem leader prosper .
That Cameron has not been able to delineate dividing lines sums up his failure in making this his " change election " .
Surrendering that claim of right to the emptiness of Clegg has been worse than a mistake , it 's been embarrassing .
Some Conservatives are already grumbling that the lack of reasons to positively vote Tory is down to nebulous campaigning slogans such as " the big society " .
" Waffle , " as one frontbencher put it to me , " and badly written as well . "
But that 's to mistake symptom for cause : the precise reason why Cameron , instead of running on biting Blairite pledge cards , is trying to float into Downing Street on fluffy Letwinian clouds is because he has deliberately eschewed stark differences .
His strategy since the start has been summed up by self - conscious efforts at " decontamination " , hence an acceptance of the critique of the left about the party and , worse still , total and absolute submission to their fundamental framing of the terms of British political debate .
Hence Cameron 's disastrous decision to stick to Labour spending plans , robbing us of any honest ability to denounce Brown 's historic failure over the economy .
That he then opted to stick , at all costs , to the discredited figure of Osborne as shadow chancellor merely made a bad situation much , much worse .
That he promoted Osborne to also actually run the general election campaign as well is playing out just the way it was always going to .
Take Osborne spinning .
When , in the throng after the debate , he screeched that last night was a triumph for Dave , and that Cameron cleaned the floor with the rest of them , and all the other silly , exaggerated stuff , sure , it 's reliably off - putting for the punters , but it 's infinitely worse with the people Osborne believes he impresses , other politico - media types .
And this is the thing that runs most contrary to the lazy predictions about the election : whatever else we all thought about Team Dave , we thought they'd be able to spin .
As it is , from the leader downwards they 're failing in the area where even those of least well - disposed towards them thought they would do a good job .
Take Cameron – I always assumed that on his feet , in the debates , he would continue to do a good , Reagan - esque job .
Whatever the actual character of the man , I assumed his telly persona would remain a sunny disposition , interlaced with thinking - on - his feet zingers .
Instead , and from Brown in particular ( even , last night , including boasts about pensions ! ) open goal after open goal was put in front of Cameron , and it was n't even that he missed – he did n't even shoot .
What we got from Cameron , in cutaway shot after cutaway shot , was gurning , here an arched eyebrow , there a shake of the head , and always that idiotic prefect 's " disappointed pout " .
Compare this with Clegg 's centre - stage self - assurance : it 's a ridiculous thing to have to boil democratic debate down to , but then as many of us have said , it was a ridiculous decision for Cameron to push for these debates .
Without them , I have no doubt that he would have won a working majority – with them , he has needlessly thrown away the election .
What 's even more depressing is the retreat already , even before we 've blown it , into self - delusion of too many camp - followers on the Tory side .
The most absurd instance is the fantasy that we will be saved from Cameron 's incompetence by surpassing Liberal incompetence .
That they wo n't , in a hung parliament , go into a " progressive majority " with Brown and Mandelson and Miliband all variously aching to give it to them .
Then there 's the ludicrous notion that Clegg has " peaked " or that he is losing some vital momentum : the man has broken through .
I would say , single - handedly , but the whole point is that Cameron needlessly gave him the vital helping hand he needed .
Tory - paid propagandists , and more forgivably , honest tribalists , may well put their fingers in their ears and whistle a comforting tune , but if the leadership now does the same , they are doing the party one last , fatal disservice .
Every Cameron assumption up to this point has been wrong .
Not least their manic presumption that Brown would implode in the debates and more generally : he has n't and wo n't .
All that 's left to us now is Cameron 's temperament .
This is a man who has spent four years being written up as the next prime minister and is now spending four weeks tossing the keys to No 10 away : that 's pressure he has n't faced before , and the retreat from the stage thus far does n't suggest good news .
It 's no wonder William Hague 's looking and sounding so depressed .
It 's one thing going back to a job you came to hate , however profound your sense of duty – it's going to be quite another inheriting a party in the state Cameron will have left it in .
• More Guardian election comment from Cif at the polls
For the second time this year , news that meditation techniques can be an effective treatment for depression has received widespread media coverage .
In January , the Mental Health Foundation recommended expanding the provision of mindfulness - based cognitive therapy for everyone at risk of depressive relapse in the UK , based on trials showing an eight - week course of treatment could reduce the risk of relapse by around 50 % over 12 months .
And now another meditative remedy – the TM ( Transcendental Meditation ) method , best known for its celebrity devotees such as the Beatles , Mia Farrow , Donovan and David Lynch – has been found to reduce depressive symptoms by around a half among older people .
That practising meditation is good for combating depression is becoming well - established .
It also has a range of advantages that make it a particularly useful intervention – the techniques are simple and inexpensive to teach – once learned , they can be practised over a lifetime for ongoing treatment .
Not only that , but meditation has benefits for wellbeing that go beyond fighting low mood – an increasing body of evidence suggests it can also form a useful aid to managing physical health issues , especially chronic conditions like pain , heart disease , cancer and HIV .
And then there are improvements in other measures of wellbeing – cognitive functioning , attention skills , creativity , life satisfaction , and so on .
But it is important not to overstate the case .
Meditation is n't a miracle cure for anything – in fact , if you approach it as the latest fad that will solve all your problems , you 're probably missing the point .
Mindfulness meditation , for example , is a way of " being with " the human condition ( and all its difficulties ) without reacting against it – its power in dealing with health problems lies in changing our relationship to those issues , rather than in getting rid of them .
So , when we 're depressed , we can accept the state of our mind as it is , rather than wishing things were different .
Paradoxically , by stopping the self - flagellation of negative thinking , we give ourselves a greater chance of feeling better .
Ditto with chronic pain – when we can't cure ourselves , mindfulness is a way of making friends with our illness , a practical technique which shows us how , in the words of the serenity prayer to " accept the things we cannot change , change the things we can " as well as " the wisdom to know the difference " .
In amongst the media razzmatazz that has surrounded the TM approach , the essential ordinariness of meditation can sometimes get lost .
At its most harmless , this means a focus on personalities ( impressions of TM are indelibly linked to its flamboyant founder Maharishi Mahesh Yogi , and with the Beatles ) , but the air of exclusivity around the use of secret mantras , the trademarking of the TM technique and the wealth of the Maharishi Foundation can raise suspicions that detract from scientific findings .
It probably does n't help that much of the research on TM is carried out at the Maharishi's own university in Iowa , although academics from other institutions collaborated on and validated the latest studies .
Over the last 30 years , meditation researchers have worked hard to test the effectiveness of ancient wisdom practices , and to make their benefits available to everyone .
Despite impressive results , they often face great scepticism because of the religious associations that cling to the practices they are trying to evaluate , even when , as in the case of the mindfulness movement , these are presented in entirely secular terms and in a spirit of open access .
That Transcendental Meditation is also valuable as a strategy for wellbeing I do not doubt , though I suspect the benefits are likely be more widespread once the technique has shed its associated baggage .
When you 're trying to convince the rational world , sometimes you need a bit less yogic flying and a bit more feet on the ground .
In a move certain to surprise , shock and even anger many , the creator of the Linux kernel , Linus Torvalds , today signed up as Chief Software Architect with Microsoft to work on the Redmond Giant 's next - generation operating system with Dave Cutler .
Microsoft human resource officer April Foley told iTWire , 'it 's certainly a coup for Microsoft .
We 've been in discussions with Linus for several months negotiating the fine terms of his contract leading up to today 's signing . '
Torvalds is best known for creating the Linux kernel in 1991 , which along with free software produced by the GNU foundation , became the Linux operating system we know today .
For almost two decades Torvalds has maintained the Linux kernel , sponsored by the Linux Foundation , and managing contributions from companies and developers worldwide .
' It was time to grow up and get a real job , ' Torvalds said .
' I 'm excited about the chance to really innovate and make an operating system with Microsoft .
I want to see my work in the hands of the majority this time around . '
Torvalds will be working with Dave Cutler , the chief architect behind Windows NT who Microsoft similarly poached from Digital Equipment Corporation ( DEC ) and who was behind the VAX / VMS operating system .
Asked how he could reconcile working with Microsoft after long being a staunch open source advocate Torvalds said he did not see any conflict of interest .
' Linux will continue to exist without me , and that 's the beauty of open source .
Meanwhile , I hope to push Microsoft from the inside to make a free entry - level version of the new OS we 're creating .
I think open source is out of the question though . '
No details about the project are yet available , but given Cutler 's recent work on Windows Azure it 's possible it will be a cloud - centric operating system .
You 're reading The Linux Distillery .
Click here for more .
The wait is almost over for Mike Flanagan ’s much - anticipated follow - up to The Haunting of Hill House .
A new setting and characters await in The Haunting of Bly Manor , but in the spirit of all good horror anthologies , it looks like the levels of dread and terror will be just as satisfying .
Exhibit A : the episode titles !
I ’ve been posting much longer articles than I meant to , so today ’s will be short .
[ Later : but , as it turns out , not as short as I intended . ]
When I was fourteen , I wrote space - invader games in BASIC on a VIC - 20 .
If you were interested in computers back in 1982 , I bet you did the same .
When I was 18 , I wrote multi-user dungeons in C on serial terminals attached to a Sun 3 .
When I was 22 , I worked deep down in the guts of a text database system — still C , now on a Sun 3/80 of my very own , with one of those HUGE bitmapped screens with a million black - or - white pixels .
I was in touch with my friends from university : we were going to write compilers and operating systems and cool stuff like that — and to some degree , we did .
We sent each other our in - progress code , complained about each other ’s programming - language designs , and laughed at how inefficient each others ’ completely unnecessary reimplementations of malloc ( ) were .
[ I remember a friend ’s implementation achieving something like 18 % occupancy . ]
That was then .
Today , I mostly paste libraries together .
So do you , most likely , if you work in software .
Does n’t that seem anticlimactic ?
We did all those courses on LR grammars and concurrent software and referentially transparent functional languages .
We messed about with Prolog , Lisp and APL .
We studied invariants and formal preconditions and operating system theory .
Now how much of that do we use ?
A huge part of my job these days seems to be impedence - matching between big opaque chunks of library software that sort of do most of what my program is meant to achieve , but do n’t quite work right together so I have to , I do n’t know , translate USMARC records into Dublin Core or something .
Is that programming ?
Really ?
Yes , it takes taste and discernment and experience to do well ; but it does n’t require brilliance and it does n’t excite .
It ’s not what we dreamed of as fourteen - year - olds and trained for as eighteen - year - olds .
It does n’t get the juices flowing .
It ’s not making .
Knuth speaks
If you do n’t believe my analysis , will you believe Don Knuth ?
Here are a couple of extracts from his excellent interview in Peter Siebel ’s book Coders at Work ( which , yes , I have now finished reading ) :
“ There ’s the change that I ’m really worried about : that the way a lot of programming goes today is n’t any fun because it ’s just plugging in magic incantations — combine somebody else ’s software and start it up .
It does n’t have much creativity .
I ’m worried that it ’s becoming too boring because you do n’t have a chance to do anything much new .
Your kick comes out of seeing fun results coming out of the machine , but not the kind of kick that I always got by creating something new .
The kick now is after you ’ve done your boring work then all of a sudden you get a great image .
But the work did n’t used to be boring . ” ( page 594 )
“ The problem is that coding is n’t fun if all you can do is call things out of a library , if you ca n’t write the library yourself .
If the job of coding is just to be finding the right combination of parameters , that does fairly obvious things , then who ’d want to go into that as a career ? ” ( page 581 )
Are you gonna argue with Knuth ?
Huh ?
Are you ?
Did n’t think so .
We gotta get out of this place
I want to make things , not just glue things together .
When people ask me what I like about my job , I always say the same thing : that its the thrill of starting with nothing and making something .
That , for me , is the essence of programming , and it hurts that there is n’t as much of it about as there used to be .
We all know that the most enjoyable part of a programming project is early on : when the slate is clean , the emacs buffer is empty , and the world is fresh and alive with possibilities .
And then the invigorating rush as the shape of the code starts to emerge , the data structures condense , the algorithms come together ; the code becomes runnable , then it does something useful , it passes tests , and then — yes ! — it ’s not just an idea any more , but an actual program .
You ’ve completed Phase 1 .
And then — anyone who ’s ever actually released software will recognise this — then in a sense the actual work begins .
For the program to stop being a private project and become a public product , it needs documentation — APIs , command - line manuals , tutorials .
It needs unit tests .
It needs a home on the web .
It needs checking for portability .
It needs changelogs and a release history .
It needs tweaking , and quite possibly internal reorganisation to make it play nicer with other programs out there .
All this is phase 2 , and it ’s closely related to the issues of programming culture that I talked about last time .
The thing is , no professional programmer begrudges Phase 2 .
We all recognise the necessity of these things , and we take pride in doing them right .
It ’s part of professionalism ; part of being not just a computer scientist , but also a software engineer .
It ’s all good .
But Phase 2 is not the core of the work .
It ’s really all about Phase 1 ; and even if Phase 2 takes more effort and time , it ’s still only the ‘i ’s that we dot and the ‘t ’s that we cross to give our beautiful code a life outside of our own computers .
And the problem with modern software development is that it ’s all Phase 2 .
The ubiquitious availability of nearly - right - but - not - quite libraries and frameworks - that - do - it - all - for - you - except - that - actually - they - do n’t wipes out the exhilaration of Phase 1 , but leaves us with even more of the drudgery of Phase 2 .
Instead of designing beautiful data - structures and elegant algorithms , we ’re looking up the Enterprise Factory BeanMaker class in the 3,456 - page Bumper Tome Of Horrible Stupid Classes ( Special Grimoire Edition ) , because we ca n’t remember which of the arguments to the createEnterpriseBeanBuilderFactory ( ) method tells it to make the public static pure virtual destructor be a volatile final abstract interface factory decorator .
I understand , I think , how we landed up here .
I wish I know how we can get out .
Update ( 9 March 2010 )
I should have added this update days ago , but I only just realised that a lot of people are reading this article from links elsewhere and may not have seen what ’s on the rest of the site .
So :
I wrote a follow - up article in response to the initial batch of thirty or forty comments , which addresses a lot of points that were made there , and much of what has been said subsequently , too .
If you liked , or hated , this article , you ’ll probably find that one interesting , too .
Update # 2 ( 15 March 2010 )
Belatedly , here are some links to other discussions of this article elsewhere on the net :
Update # 3 ( 1 November 2011 )
To my great surprise , this article has popped up on Reddit again , twenty months after its first appearance .
So if you ’re interested in what ’s being said now , head over to :
On the eve of the release of a solo concert film , Fleetwood Mac star Stevie Nicks opens up on Lindsey Buckingham ’s exit and looking for love in her 70s .
The European Parliament has been asked to vote to approve or reject the Passenger Name Record agreement with the US .
The Civil Liberties Committee is likely to postpone its vote until a new template has been created , to detail what information is exchanged .
The Committee also wants to lay down how the information should be stored and used .
Instead of taking the matter to Parliament and risking a no vote and the end of any exchange the committee 's rapporteur Sophie in 't Veld recommends a delay to the vote , which will allow the existing agreement to stay in place .
She warned that a no vote would put an end to current data sharing .
She hopes to have a standard PNR file model ready by April for MEPs to vote on .
But a spokesman for the Commission said it was preparing a communication on what should be included in PNR files but said it was doubtful that institutions would managed to meet Veld 's timetable .
It could take until autumn to get a prototype file ready and approved by the European Parliament .
PNR files cover 19 data fields including passenger name , payment type and where the ticket was issued .
The agreement has been in place since shortly after September 2001 and MEPs have complained about it before .
The debate has been restarted by the Lisbon Treaty which requires parliamentary approval for certain foreign policy commitments .
The full statement is here . ®
The MeeGo project lead from the Nokia side of the relationship ( remember , MeeGo is a collaboration among Nokia , Intel , and you , the open source community ) has posted a fairly lengthy and exciting update to the meego - dev mailing list , and it has been reposted on the Maemo talk forums .
At the end of March , MeeGo released a preview version for the N900 and atom - based netbooks .
This was installable but as all it did was give you a command prompt , it was n’t thrilling to most users .
The exciting news is that MeeGo will be releasing an updated version in May , bringing the Linux kernel up to date and in line with what is available for the netbook version .
They are updating drivers at a furious pace to get this ready .
The other bit of news that really gets me excited is that the new release will allow dual - booting between the stable Maemo 5 platform and the development version of MeeGo .
Being the proud owner of an N900 as of yesterday , this means I can be cutting edge , but still have phone capability and stability when I need it .
It also means that we will likely see Maemo update along with the MeeGo .
It ’s definitely an exciting time to be the owner of a Linux - powered mobile device !
By Kevin Neely .
Losing your dog and having to waste valuable time tracking him down is a problem for most hunters .
Well not anymore !
Garmin's Astro is an extremely sensitive GPS dog tracking system that will allow you to let your dog do the hunting while all the time knowing exactly where your dog is .
Imagine being able to pinpoint his exact location without even being able to see or hear him .
As quickly as every 5 seconds , the DC - 30 transmitter attached to your dog sends his location to your hand held .
You can also see the trail he took to get there .
Switch to the Dog Tracker view and determine if your dogs is running , sitting , on point , or treeing .
The Astro can also be set to send you an alarm when you dog goes on point .
It 's Tax Day !
Which means it 's time for the Wall Street Journal to publish a self - pitying diatribe from a rich man bemoaning the oppression he must endure .
This year 's contribution , by financial advisor Mike Donahue has all the trappings .
You 've got the insistence that hard work is solely responsible for his high income :
Since I graduated in 1983 , I have been in straight commission sales and have had many 60 - to 70 - hour work weeks .
No secure salary , no big promotions , no pension — just me profiting though helping others while being subject to the swings of the economic cycle .
The first 20 years were tough , but it 's finally starting to pay off ....
I have more than most only because I 've worked harder than most and because I am a saver .
Really , hard work is the only reason you earn more than $ 250,000 a year ?
( Donahue does not say how much he earns , but he does say " the government " is raising his taxes , which is only true if his income exceeds a quarter million a year . )
There 's nobody who earns less than you who works harder ?
No chance that innate talent , upbringing , teachers , publicly - funded education , or any lucky breaks had anything to do with your high income ?
Next , you 've got the assertions that he supports the poor on his own -- or would , if the government did n't steal his money and give it to , um , the poor :
Why then does the government feel so entitled to take my money and give it to others ?
Why should I have to carry so many people on my back ?
Call me cruel .
I do n't care .
I give to whom I choose — but since so much is confiscated ( and wasted in the process ) I have little left I wish to give .
Right -- he wants to help the poor but can't because there 's nothing left over from his > $ 250,000 salary after taxes .
Obviously , after the upper - income tax cuts enacted under George W. Bush , Donahue immediately started cutting large checks to charity .
I 'm sure that 's the case .
Finally , you have the threats to quit his horrible life as a rich man and see how the liberals like it then :
Last time I did an Inessential guide to data - accessor and everyone told me , " You should use fclabels instead ! "
So here 's the partner guide , the inessential guide to fclabels .
Like data - accessor the goal is to make record access and editing not suck .
However , it gives you some more useful abstractions .
It uses Template Haskell on top of your records , so it is not compatible with data - accessor .
Identification .
There are three tell - tale signs :
Type signatures that contain :-> in them ( " Oh , that kind of looks like a function arrow ... but it 's not ?
Curious ! " ) , Records that contain fields with a leading underscore ( as opposed to data - accessor 's convention of an trailing underscore ) , and An import Prelude hiding ( id , (. ) , mod ) , with an import from Control .
Category to replace them .
Interpreting types .
A label is signified by r :-> a which contains a getter r -> a and a setter a -> r -> r .
Internally , a wrapped label is simply a point , a structure consisting of r -> a and b -> r -> r , with a required to be equal to b .
( As we will see later , a point is useful in its own right , but not for basic functionality . )
Accessing record fields .
get fieldname record
Setting record fields .
set fieldname newval record
Modifying record fields .
For fieldname :: f a :-> a , modifier should have type a -> a .
mod fieldname modifier record
Accessing , setting and modifying sub - record fields .
Composition is done with the period operator (. ) , but you can't use the one from the Prelude since that only works with functions .
The composition is treated as if you were you composing the getter .
get ( innerField . outerField ) record set ( innerField . outerField ) newVal record mod ( innerField . outerField ) modifier record
Accessor over applicative .
You can use fmapL to lift an accessor into an applicative context .
This is useful if your record is actually Maybe r ( You can turn r :-> a into Maybe r :-> Maybe a ) .
But wait , there 's more !
More fun with views .
Remember that a point is a getter and a setter , but they do n't have to be for the same types .
Combined with a clever applicative instance , we can use this to incrementally build up a label composed of multiple labels .
The result looks a lot like a view that you'd be able to create on a relational database .
The recipe is :
Have the constructor for the resulting type ( e.g. ( , ) , the tuple constructor ) , Have all of the accessors for the resulting type ( e.g. fst and snd ) , and Have the labels you would like to compose together ( say , label1 and label2 ) .
Combine , with for , each accessor for the resulting type ( 2 ) with the label to be accessed with that accessor ( 3 ) , combine all of these resulting points with the constructor for the resulting type with the applicative instance , i.e. < $> and <*> , and then stick it in a label with Label :
( , ) < $> fst `for` label1 <*> snd `for` label2
Amazingly , you wo n't be able to mix up which argument an accessor ( 2 ) should be placed in ; the result wo n't typecheck !
( See the Postscript for a more detailed argument . )
More fun with lenses .
A function implies directionality : a to b .
But light can filter through a lense either way , and thus a lense represents a bidirectional function .
We can apply filter a label f :-> a through a lense a :<-> : b to get a new label f :-> b ( remember that composition with a regular function is insufficient since we need to put values in as well as take values out ) .
One has to be careful about what direction your lense is pointed .
If label :: r :-> a , in :: b -> a and out :: a -> b , then :
( out <-> in ) `iso` label :: r :-> b ( in <-> out ) `osi` label :: r :-> b
The other directions wo n't typecheck if a != b .
You can lift a lense into a functor using lmap ( it simply runs fmap on both directions ) .
Further reading .
The Hackage documentation has a ton of excellent examples .
Postscript .
With our original example in mind :
label1 :: r -> a label2 :: r -> b ( , ) < $> fst `for` label1 <*> snd `for` label2 :: r :-> ( a , b )
We consider the types of the points we 've constructed , before combining them with the applicative instance :
fst `for` label1 :: Point Person ( a , b ) a snd `for` label2 :: Point Person ( a , b ) b
We have a shared applicative functor Point Person ( a , b ) , and if we treat that as f , clearly :
( , ) :: a -> b -> ( a , b ) fst `for` label1 :: f a snd `for` label2 :: f b ( , ) < $> fst `for` label1 <*> snd `for` label2 :: f ( a , b )
which is equivalent to Point Person ( a , b ) ( a , b ) , which is a valid Label .
But what is for doing ?
The source code documentation says :
Combine a partial destructor with a label into something easily used in the applicative instance for the hidden Point datatype .
Internally uses the covariant in getter , contravariant in setter bi-functioral - map function .
( Please refer to the example because this function is just not explainable on its own . )
Well , I 'm going to ignore this advice , since you 've seen the example already .
Let 's parse this .
for is covariant in getter r -> a and contravariant in setter a -> f -> f .
These terms are from category theory describing functors .
A covariant functor is a " normal " functor , whereas a contravariant functor is one with composition flipped around .
So while normally fmap f g == f . g , in the contravariant world fmap f g == g . f :
for :: ( i -> o ) -> ( f :-> o ) ->
Point f i o for a b = dimap id a ( unLabel b )
Well , we 're not doing much interesting to the getter , but we 're mapping a :: ( a , b ) -> a ( in our example ) onto the setter a -> f -> f .
Luckily ( for the befuddled ) , the covariant map does n't typecheck ( ( a , b ) != ( f -> f ) ) , but the contravariant map does : ( a , b ) -> f -> f , which is a new setter that takes ( a , b ) , precisely what we expected from the type signature .
Guy Rundle attends an anarchist protest in Athens where his " Melbourne - 80s - now - fat " outfit , i.e. black from head to foot , almost got him caught by police in the roundup .
“ Anomia Square , ” I told the taxi driver , as I jumped in after the fascist rally .
“ What ? ”
“ Anom - ”
“ Omonoia ! Omonoia !
It ’s Omonoia Square ! ”
Alright .
Clearly a common mistake .
Four hours later , there ’s sirens coming from about half a dozen directions tonight , around Omonoia Square tonight , though it ’s impossible to know what ’s going on .
Twelve hours after 50,000 people marched through the centre of Athens , and the whole city closed down , apart from the coffee shops ( “ are you crazy ?
Close down ?
On a strike day ? ” ) , and the stalls selling converter plugs and tupperware containers — the anarchists may still be fighting a running battle with the cops .
Or they may all be in Exarcheia , listening to Crass .
There is no easy way to follow the Greek anarchists .
Committed to actually causing some serious disruption , they do not tweet neither do they blog their explicit intentions .
Greece has not slipped , not yet perhaps , into the post - political where communication substitutes for politics .
Thanks for signing up
We look forward to seeing you bright and early with your need - to - know talking points and tidbits for the day ahead .
Get Crikey FREE to your inbox every weekday morning with the Crikey Worm .
Please enter your email address Sign up
Though the global mainstream media has made much of a brief barney at the head of today ’s rally , the centrepiece of Southern Europe ’s latest general strike , there was really very little of it .
As the columns of trade unions , workers and parties poured into Syntagma Square , a section of the “ Black Bloc “ , masked anarchists , all in black , detached and charged the parliament building .
It was never going to be a fair fight , since the thing is on a steepish hill , ringed by stone walls , and they were swept up fairly easily .
There were a few rocks .
OK , and a Molotov cocktail .
Two or three , at most .
A bit of tear gas .
That was it .
There were two arrests , which was played up as “ violence mars march ” in the global media , but that played locally as a golden duck in a Sheffield Shield qualifier on a wet Wednesday in Launceston .
The radical left then detached from the main rally and came back up Venizelou Boulevard back to Omonoia .
By radical left I do n’t mean the Leninist - oriented Communist Party , I mean everyone who thinks they ’re moderate sell - outs .
The Maoists , the autonomists , the black block , and the Black Bloc veterans brigade , undertaking a program of expropriation and urban remodelling along the way .
Fashion stores mainly , most of them with a ridiculous urban guerrilla chic in the window designs themselves .
About a dozen stores got the full treatment , the large rocks scoring huge divots that look like gunshots .
Media reports said that cafes were being raided .
I texted someone , a New Zealander fallen among anarchists — her parents believe she ’s doing an art conservation course in Florence .
“ No it was just supermarkets , fascist stores ” .
It was impossible to know whether she was joking or not .
The group I was trailing behind suddenly made a lunge sideways , up the stairs of the finance ministry , and there was a shower of breaking glass .
Half a dozen BBs poured in , and a riot - police detachment was suddenly running up towards the area .
Conscious that the “ Melbourne - 80s - now - fat ” outfit , i.e. black from head to foot , might get me caught in the round - up , I went to slip my press pass into a lanyard , before remembering that the anarchists really , really hate the press .
Across the street , kiosk owners were packing up their stalls in fast motion .
There was the feel of a Warner Bros cartoon to the whole thing , an army of Daffy Ducks advancing down the street , Yosemite Sams frantically packing their mules .
The cops let the BBers run out of the building , unlike the British cops they prefer to keep things moving , it would seem , a wise move when your opponents use petrol rather than sarcasm , and we all continued up Venizelou .
What was most impressive was the sheer number of them .
Let ’s face it an Australian Black Bloc is 12 kids who met at the Princes Hill High art therapy co-op , but the Greek equivalent numbered in the hundreds , with an elegantly dressed contingent in their 50s and 60s , faces covered by raffish scarves pulled upwards .
The mainstream of the alt march , the Maoists , various Synaspismos kids protesting on immigration issues , and several immigrants themselves — lean Somalis and Nigerians in threadbare Miller shirts , bearing handmade banners in five languages and three alphabets , demanding to be accorded their full humanity , that march coalesced back into Omonoia / Anomia , and the youthful BBers disappeared down side streets .
I went back to my hotel on the square and could n’t get in .
A place called Fashion House , an art hotel converted from an office bloc , with the long balconies covered in Warholesque prints of paparazzi shots from Who magazine or equivalent , it had a ground - floor restaurant that looked like the interior décor of 2001 : a Space Odyssey , and enough exposed glass to keep this aristocracy at play for years to come * .
I waved my key card , but , as one of the half - dozen goons ringing the door said , hell anyone could get a hold of one of those .
Since most of the other guests look like Moby , it seems scruffiness alone was n’t excluding me , but a certain air of … well , of not being a scared vegan , I guess .
On the strength of that , someone put a leaflet in my hand “ σομ ετηιν γ σ ομ ε τηιν γ βλαη βαλ η ΑΝΤΙ - FASCIST ρηθβαρβ ρηθβαρβ amerikis square 6 pm . ”
This was great .
This was like O - week , with tear gas .
There was always something next .
“ The fascists are rallying at Amerikis if you want to see them , ” my contact texted .
“ I wo n’t be going near there . ”
I watched CNN for half an hour in my room , which is done in an Aubrey Beardsley black and white save for tigers ’ head lamps , giving the place an orange glow ( no , me neither ) .
There was news that the IMF and European Central Bank wonks had arrived in Athens the day before , and that the Fitch agency had downgraded the four main Greek banks credit rating , which will raise debt costs further , a measure that will make the situation worse applied because , as Fitch says , the situation is likely to get worse .
The tigers watched as the wolves circled .
As Synaspismos had noted , the whole “ crisis ” could have been turned into a process of long - term restructuring if the EU could buy national bonds , thus investing in its own underdeveloped areas , and tying that investment to transparency and governance reform .
Instead , Southern Europe is going to be pushed into a deflation amid a regional and global recession , which will set off untold political consequences , of which the money markets seem blithely unaware .
But anyway the Fashion House ’s pillows were so downy and soft that I was late for the fascists rally , and all the good seats were taken , the coffee shops around the square filled with journos nursing a slow cappuccino .
The taxi had crawled all the way up 28 October avenue , the bottle - blonde Russian and tweenage African prostitutes of Little — well Little Everywhere , north Omonoia appears to be the crossroads of the world at the moment , yielding to another university district , graffiti running like essays along the stone building , a red banner eight storeys high hanging from a central building .
Out the back window of the cab , you could see the Acropolis .
By the time we got there , it was clear that the fascist rally was a fizzer .
Organised by a mob called Golden Dawn , who argue that the influx of immigrants is corrupting the purity of Greece ( they believe the Ottoman / Albanian / Turkish / Arab / Greek / Roma people currently going under the name Greek are all sons of Aristotle ) , and they favour blocks of wood as a symbol , redolent of both the fasces and the executioners block .
Apparently , the police had decided that neither the fascist rally nor the anti-fascist takedown of it would take place , and they staked out several blocks of the area to prevent access .
The anarchists etc went back to Exarcheia , and to wherever those sirens are coming from now , and the fascists went back to barracks .
Back in Omonoia Square , the last banners had been taken down , and the drug - dealers drifted back in .
Three old men in neat suits were playing gypsy music on violins and a wheeled in upright piano .
A Georgian woman , about four foot eight , was begging from her wheelchair , her trouser leg pulled up to reveal a calloused and poisoned limb , the flesh pink and bare where the tan skin had come away .
Then the sirens began .
Omonoia , yes , Omonoia , Omonoia .
Not Anomia , not yet .
* After Waugh , the sound of breaking glass is the aristocracy at play .
Interestingly the Greek word for “ left ” is aristeros , which is a definite improvement on the Italian sinistra , which we appear to have got stuck with .
Want more of Rundle in Europe and not yet a Crikey subscriber ?
Check out a selection of freebies here .
Want even more ?
Sign up for a free Crikey trial .
For more than 30 years , the attorneys at Schmidt , Kirby & Sullivan , P.C. have provided individuals and small businesses in Springfield , Missouri and the surrounding area with professional , timely , and effective legal services .
We value and respect our clients and keep them informed and updated throughout our legal representation .
Three officials at an Emeryville laboratory are among 22 suspects charged by federal prosecutors in a nationwide quaalude trafficking ring , authorities said .
Dennis Patrick Fairley , a chemist , is accused of making quaalude pills at CalCoast Labs in Emeryville before distributing them in Manhattan and on Long Island , N.Y. , the Drug Enforcement Administration said .
Murder Replaces Torture , Brilliant !
Editor ’s Note :
More than eight years in , the Global War on Terror is taking on the look of an ancient imperial war with the forces of “ civilization ” confronting the “ barbarians ” on the frontier , some of whom have committed an offensive act of butchery and all of whom are now paying a collective price .
Maybe in some future time – with the distance of history – Americans will see the conflict in less black - and - white terms , much as today ’s Italians look back on both the glory and the gore of imperial Rome , but in the meantime , David Swanson expects less profound insights , such as a new American preference for assassination over torture .
( FYI , the John T. Parry cited in the article is no relation to Consortiumnews.com ’s Editor Robert Parry )
I 've been reading about the history of torture , including John T. Parry 's new book Understanding Torture : Law , Violence , and Political Identity .
Parry gives a history of torture in Europe and the United States through the twentieth century , establishing its pervasiveness , and the repetitiveness of the excuses and legalistic machinations used to allow it .
Email
Printer friendly Parry sees torture as an absolutely normal activity in our society , but an activity that at least until now was always treated as an aberration , no matter how systemic .
Parry even tries to suggest at times that torture is required , necessary , or " essential " for western democracies .
That torture has been pervasive I am persuaded of .
That the bizarre torture memos crafted by John Yoo and Jay Bybee and their gang differ less than we might think from previous legal memos , laws , and treaties I accept to some extent .
That the U.S. prison and immigration systems fed into the new torture regime is beyond dispute .
But Parry could have picked out many times and places to describe that did not use torture to the same extent .
The racist and colonialist attitudes that Parry sees as a major support for torture are not constant .
The fact that someone can make a twisted legalistic argument for torture does not make it legal beyond serious dispute .
The new public acceptance and mainstreaming of torture in the United States has been a dramatic change , at least in awareness ; and a dramatic change in a different direction , even as a reaction to this one , is possible .
As Parry notes , the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights bans both torture and cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment .
If we need to clarify that this ban allows no exceptions based on time or place or citizenship or any other factor , then let us clarify that and put it into our Constitution , our treaties and our statutes , with a requirement to prosecute every act of conspiracy to engage in any such behavior .
The world order will not collapse , at least not in a bad way .
But there is a more serious problem , I think .
Namely , murder seems to be advancing in the U.S. toolkit as a replacement for torture .
Both tools , murder and torture , produce exactly the same amount of useful intelligence .
Both tools scare the hell out of people abroad and at home .
Both tools serve to teach a domestic audience that certain types of people are not fully people and cannot be dealt with humanely .
Both tools help to advance the further stripping away of civil liberties through fear and terror .
The goals of torture that the CIA has advanced for decades of eliminating a person 's entire consciousness and identity , the mission of placing barbarians completely under control of the empire , what accomplishes this better than murder ?
Look at all the hassle our government has been through trying to legalize and justify torture , not to mention the kidnappings and imprisonments necessary to engage in torture .
We 've seen CIA agents indicted in Italy and prosecutions of high - level Americans opened in Spain .
Former officials are facing civil suits in the United States for damages .
Who needs the headaches ?
The Director of National Intelligence legalized the assassination of Americans abroad , and by implication any non-Americans as well , by going to Congress in February and announcing that such crimes would henceforth be legal .
Easy peasey .
No fuss , no muss .
And if you want some future al - Libi to tell you that some future Iraq has scary scary weapons , do n't torture him ; announce that he manages the stockpile and then put a bullet in his head .
President Obama has ordered the murder of American citizen Anwar al - Awlaki .
Like the innocent but tortured Abu Zubayda ( innocent at least of any of the crimes he was accused of ) , Awlaki is now the mastermind terrorist of the universe .
And once he 's dead , who 's to say he was n't ?
Who can demand a trail or access to documents ?
He 'll be dead .
See the beauty of it ?
If the top mastermind is in Yemen , what the hell are we doing building a quagmire in Afghanistan ?
Do n't ask .
But notice this : we have dramatically increased the use of missile strikes to assassinate in Afghanistan and Pakistan .
And we have increased the use of murderous night - time raids to such an extent that we now kill more civilians in that way than we do with drones .
They 're the " wrong people , " or neighbors who came to help , or family members clinging to loved ones .
Sometimes they 're young students with their hands tied behind their backs .
Accidents will happen .
But no U.S. officials ' future book tours are going to be interrupted by protesters , since there 's no torture involved .
Civilization is on the march !
David Swanson is the author of the new book Daybreak : Undoing the Imperial Presidency and Forming a More Perfect Union by Seven Stories Press .
You can order it and find out when tour will be in your town : http://davidswanson.org/book.
[ This article previously appeared at Afterdowningstreet.org . ]
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
The spat over Google Voice , along with other confrontations , sharpened one of Google ’s worst fears : that a rival could keep millions of people from accessing its services .
A Google executive vowed to bring Google Voice to the iPhone “ one way or the other , ” and the company quickly developed a workaround to circumvent the Apple block .
If anyone could negotiate a ceasefire , it would be Bill Campbell , a well - regarded Silicon Valley business counselor known simply as Coach .
Mr. Campbell , a former college football coach and the former chief executive of Intuit , has played pivotal roles at Google .
He sat in on high - level management meetings , counseled Mr. Schmidt individually in private sessions every other week , helped to establish the company ’s management structure , and had a hand in smoothing over the initially turbulent relationship between Mr. Schmidt and Google ’s founders .
Mr. Campbell also looms large at Apple , where he is co-chairman of the board , and was one of the few people in whom Mr. Jobs confided during his health crisis .
While Mr. Campbell has tried to be a diplomat and smooth over the problems between Mr. Jobs and Mr. Schmidt , the task has n’t been easy .
Mr. Campbell declined to comment for this article , but people briefed on the matter say that throughout last fall , Mr. Jobs and Mr. Schmidt each lobbied Mr. Campbell to sever his connection with the other ’s company , at times even giving him ultimatums to do so .
Finally , Mr. Campbell was forced to choose , and according to a person with knowledge of the situation , he dropped his formal responsibilities at Google , although he is still informally mentoring executives there .
Mitch Kapor , the founder of Lotus Development and now a tech investor , describes such infighting as “ old wine in a new bottle , ” and reminiscent of many past corporate battles in Silicon Valley .
He sees the old dynamics between Apple and Microsoft being recycled , with Apple still trying to control every aspect of the user experience , and Google , like Microsoft before it , working with multiple partners to flood the market with a large number of devices .
" It took its toll in terms of us just being exhausted .
So I think all of us are trying to lay low just for a second ...
So I do n't know , this could be it .
I do n't expect it to be , I should say , but you never know . "
-- Panda Bear , talking about the state of Animal Collective after Merriweather Post Pavilion and giving the indie universe a collective heart attack .
( via BBC 6Music )
Immune cells ensnare dangerous cells that are on the run with a bungee - like nanotube , according to research published today in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
The study , by researchers from Imperial College London , shows that natural killer ( NK ) cells use this bungee to destroy cells that could otherwise escape them .
NK cells are our first line of defence against dangerous cells , such as tumour cells and cells infected with bacteria and viruses .
Researchers are keen to understand how NK cells work because they help the body to fight infection and stop tumours from growing .
It is thought that it may ultimately be possible to design drugs that harness the cells ' ability to fight disease .
Prior to today 's study , it was already known that NK cells can kill their target cells by attaching onto them , forming a connection called an immune synapse , which they use to pass toxic molecules into their target .
However , sometimes the target cells move away from the NK cells to escape being killed .
Today 's study , which was funded by the Medical Research Council and the Association pour la recherche sur le cancer ( ARC ) , shows that NK cells can keep hold of their target cells by snaring them with a bungee - like tube , called a membrane nanotube .
The cells then either recoil the target cells back into direct contact to be killed , or kill them from a distance .
Video credit : PNAS
Professor Daniel Davis , corresponding author of the study from the Division of Cell & Molecular Biology at Imperial College London said : " Natural Killer cells are cells that are really good at killing tumours and virus - infected cells .
It was thought they kill these diseased cells only by sticking to them tightly for several minutes .
These new movies show that in fact they also tether cells with long membrane connections and can pull diseased cells back into contact .
We think they may also use these nanotubes to kill them from a distance .
" The movies show the process vividly but the next step is difficult because we have to know where and when these processes are important in your body , and the technology to see such thin nanotubes in the body has n't been invented yet !
It 's a very new research area and we need to learn how the process works precisely so that we can then think about ways to design drugs that help immune cells kill , " added Professor Davis .
Their next step will be to find out exactly how the bungee tubes help immune cells kill their target cells .
The researchers hope that a better understanding of the process may help others in the future to develop drugs to improve the function of NK cells .
The researchers looked at the membrane nanotubes by staining cells with a dye that reveals membranes in microscope images .
They found membrane nanotubes connecting NK cells with other NK cells , tumour cells , cells infected with viruses and cancer cells .
Video credit : PNAS
The researchers took video footage of the cells , showing the target cells moving away and being pulled back towards the NK cells .
When a target cell moves away from an NK cell , it normally moves ' head ' first , at around eight micrometres per minute .
However , today 's research shows that when the NK cell pulls its target cell back using the nanotube bungee it moves much faster , at around 14 micrometres per minute , and the cell is pulled backwards .
Membrane nanotubes increase an NK cell 's chance of killing its target cell from a distance dramatically .
In today 's study , NK cells killed their target cells from a distance in 12 out of 16 cases ( 75 per cent ) if they were connected by a membrane nanotube , compared to four out of 18 ( 25 per cent ) if the nanotube was cut .
Explore further New role for natural killers
More information : " Membrane nanotubes facilitate long - distance interactions between natural killer cells and target cells " PNAS , Monday 8 March 2010 .
The fine folks at Ritual Roasters , a independent , geek - friendly coffee house in San Francisco ’s Mission District , were dressed up as zombie Starbucks employees today .
They asked me if I wanted a grande non -fat pumpkin latte with a shot of vanilla in typical undead fashion ( of course Ritual would never serve such a drink ) .
You just gotta love Halloween in San Francisco .
photo by Scott Beale
